&gt;leather Fendi monster backpack Holy shit, those go for $2500-$7000!!! Why?? What sort of crazy person buys a backpack for thousands of dollars?
Wait, are squid as smart too? I know about octopi - it's incredible the level of problem solving they can demonstrate.
Thanks! I worked several customer-facing jobs while in school, so I had to field a lot of these questions... I look very ethnically ambiguous. It's super useful when I travel though!
Damn, that would be scary. I'm glad someone was willing to help her!
In that situation where it didn't work, why not offer to switch seats with the centre-seat guy? It would make more sense that you and your SO sit together so you can both help with the kid. And frankly, getting trapped between two people who are together is uncomfortable enough without adding a potentially fussy child into the mix! I would not be happy either. You guys got lucky that your kid was chill, but that could have been a VERY miserable flight for him otherwise. I think offering to sit together would be a way to pay-it-forward for anyone who switches seats to benefit a parent, like in the post above.
Thanks for posting this! I recently bought silicone bags (because I use A LOT of ziplock bags) and was wondering if they could be used for meat. I'm a bit leery of reusing a bag that had raw meat in it though... I'm not sure if just washing it by hand is enough. Any thoughts?
Awesome, I'm glad to hear you did :)
...how?
&gt; Sorry getting laid wasn’t my #1 priority this Christmas? Your simplification ignored the private, romantic time mentioned earlier. It's perfectly reasonable for your fiancee to want some private time instead of being smothered by your family. And it's a GOOD thing if she wants a chance to have an intimate, romantic holiday moment with you. Just because she's visiting your family doesn't mean she should be able to celebrate the season with just you as well. She seems to be balancing your relationship with your family...and you seem to he failing miserably at that. YTA for dismissing her priorities and concerns. Also, YTA for failing to compromise when she's already visiting your family instead of you two visiting hers.
It's the same reason why a defense lawyer whose client tells her where a body is buried CANNOT disclose that evidence to the police or anyone else. The *moral* thing to do may be to make that information known, so that the victim's family can finally get closure. The *ethical* thing to do is to not share that information because you owe a duty of confidentiality to your client. The dads are not the patient of the doctor. The mom/child is. So, the only ethical duty owed is to the mom/child, and the ethics of the medical profession dictate that confidentiality must be respected. Passing that information on may be the moral choice to you...but telling the dad he's not actually the bio dad would be VERY unethical. *Edit:* rephrased last sentence
Whoops, I can see how that's a bit confusing. I'll rephrase it. Thanks! And yes, that's exactly it. I'm a criminal lawyer, and my morals are often in conflict with the ethics dictated to me by the law society. It's the nature of that type of work. But there's a good reason for those ethics. If I start breaching confidentiality, people may no longer trust enough to tell their lawyers the truth (even less than they do now). That directly impacts our ability to do our jobs. Similarly, if doctors shared confidential information freely, patients will start lying to them as well...or patients will start endangering themselves by avoiding treatment or refusing tests. That needs to be guarded against.
Oh damn, I think you're right! Good catch.
You seem to be confused by the definition of "ethics." Yes, this IS the ethical choice - that does not mean it's the *moral* choice. **Ethics** refer to rules provided by an external source. For example, a professional code of conduct in a workplace, or a set principles in a religion. **Morals** refer to an individual's own principles about what right and wrong is. Medical professionals, like lawyers, are bound by a code of conduct which *requires* them to avoid sharing confidential information. This is a requirement set out by their governing body. It is literally the ethical code they are required to uphold...so obviously not sharing information IS the ethical choice. Whether or not it's *moral* is an individual opinion. Sometimes their own morals may conflict with their required ethics. They may feel it is morally wrong to let the man believes he's the bio dad. But in no way does it make the decision not to enlighten him into an unethical decision - they're completely separate concepts.
Huh. Either you don't know what it means to be a patient, or there's a new technology which allows men to give birth... I know it's the former, but I really wish it was the latter. To put it simply: in order to be a patient at a hospital, you have to be the subject of a medical assessment or procedure. Being the parent of a patient does not magically make you a patient too.
Ugh, yes. It's hard, because we're taught that men *do* always want sex. It's a lesson were bombarded with - not just in media, but by teachers and parents. I remember in high school, us girls weren't allowed to wear shirts which showed our shoulders because they said the boys wouldn't be able to focus. Then there are all the jokes about how they have a one track mind, and about how they'll never say no. And the warnings, too - the warnings to not be too friendly, to not flirt, to not lead men on because they always want sex and they'll assume they can get it from you. Not only did I learn that men always want sex, there were two other damaging ideas which flowed from that assumption: men can't be raped, and men can't control themselves. I'm 25. It took me until my early 20s to realize those ideas were wrong. And it was incredibly difficult to re-route my thinking about men and sex. I needed to remind myself that I don't want sex when I'm tired or stressed, and it isn't personal or insulting if he feels the same. It isn't a rejection based on lack of attraction. Similarly, I found myself skeptical of men who had been raped by women - I had to research the physiology of how it's possible because what I had been taught about male arousal didn't allow for that reality. I know that was a long response, and I'm sorry for the rant. It's just frustrating because that assunption is so damaging to men and women and our relationships together...but it's still so goddamn persistent a myth.
Hm. You should think about why the OC made a point of saying he appreciated my comment. Hint: it's not because I was derailing the topic. I have to say, if *that* is all you were capable of taking away from my comment...you have my deepest sympathies. May your day be as pleasant as you are.
It's actually pretty easy to walk on (compared to flat ice). The texture is formed by people walking in slush which then freezes solid. That means they're basically just indented footprints you can follow. Mind you...it is absolute hell to try to hurry along in. Anything except a careful walk will make you lose your balance.
It helps to hear men openly talk about it. I would never have stopped to consider if it was an issue because it was my normal. But once I read about men talking about this, it set the foundation for me to question it. I think that's important.
A passed out person with a stopped heart has experienced regular brain activity, and that *irregular* brain activity is literally the process of them dying. If you want to reverse it...the irregular brain activity of a fetus is the *process* of that fetus becoming alive. It's actually pretty simple and is logically consistent. I think that addresses this complaint of yours: &gt; Either you have brain activity or you don't. In other words, your complaint is needlessly simplistic. If you're a person, you have regular brain activity...or you're dying. If you're a fetus, you either have regular brain activity...or you're in the process of transitioning into life. Brain death is, medically, death. And if you only have irregular brain activity, you're on the cusp of death. A fetus with irregular brain activity is simply on the opposite cusp, the one that leads to entering life rather than leaving it. On a different note... &gt; Synapses start firing at week 5. So now you're trying to say noo synapses don't matter.. you need cranial vessles to be considered alive? Your source did NOT say synapses start firing at week 5. It said the brain physically starts developing. And I didn't say cranial vessels are the key distinguishing factor, I simple noted it to show how lacking your source was. But since you brought it up...cranial vessels *do* seem necessary. A brain needs oxygen and nutrients to function, and they supply that. This appears to be true of fetuses as well as people. *Edit:* added last paragraph
Hey, I appreciated it! Also, I have arachnophobia. That toy sounds terrifying.
I know your post is a bit old, but I've been looking for recipes which incorporate dark rye flour. Could you share the recipe or more details about it?
I'm a woman who has a STRONG dislike of condoms. Both latex and non-latex versions make sex uncomfortable for me. Because of that, I refuse to use condoms in a relationship. But...I can't imagine not using a condom for a hookup. That's just the height of stupidity.
It sounds about right to me. I wouldn't be able to orgasm if my SO only lasted 5 minutes. 10-15 min is long enough to create a build up, and to have some variety in how you're fucking. I can see it being an issue if the guy was jack-hammering away, that HURTS almost immediately. But 10-15 min of non-rough sex (except maybe the end) is pretty great for me.
She probably is depressed. Orcas are incredibly social animals, they decline quickly without a family pod.
Then that makes sense! I'm amazed you can last 5 min lol. I enjoy it sometimes too, but only at the end when I'm about to cum...and I max out at about 2min, anything more just feels uncomfortable.
Is it the same product though? I thought the key difference is that the strains used are high in CBD and exceptionally low in THC. And frankly, I'd expect stricter testing. I would want to know that it's consistent in it's amounts, with very little variation. I do agree it could be available in stores which can sell regular weed. But I do think it should still be regulated and identified separately.
Mmm, that sounds easy and delicious. I'd probably add soba noodles and an egg just to make it more filling, but I like your idea of adding mushrooms too. I feel like shiitakes would be perfect in that.
I like this idea. I usually make breakfast crepes with a berry compote filling, but I can see savory crepes being good too. They'd be similar to a burrito. You just copied the description from the website. Have you tried these crepes yourself? Would brown lentils work as an addition to the filling?
Oops, now I feel guilty for thinking the drivers in Thunder Bay were awful when I visited. I thought it was consistent across Canada, but apparently Ontario is special: &gt; Ontario's Highway Traffic Act is the only act that doesn't specifically ban crossing the double line. Crossing it is not illegal — but it's still a lousy idea. [Source](https://www.google.ca/amp/s/www.theglobeandmail.com/amp/globe-drive/culture/commuting/is-it-illegal-to-cross-a-double-line-to-pass-on-the-highway/article25498287/) Does Ontario not use broken yellow lines then?
&gt; You can have sympathy for someone with a drinking problem, but drunk driving takes it to a whole new level. That's how I think of it too. If someone has a drinking problem, that's a personal issue they're struggling with. But if they drive after a night of drinking? That's no longer a drinking problem. It's a driving problem, and it affects *everyone.* I have sympathy for their struggles with addiction, but not when they gamble with other people's lives. OP is NTA.
Do they shut off the electric bill in winter where you live? I'm assuming you're somewhere warm then... Depending on where OP lives, the company wouldn't shut it off after the first late payment and wouldn't be allowed to shut it off once it got cold out. (And if they had shut it off, they'd have to turn it back on for winter.) If OP lives somewhere cold, it's entirely possible she is actually 5mths behind.
I don't think that's the issue. A lot of people have five day work weeks. Three days? That's a weekend and a sick day / vacation day. Or a long weekend. There will be class exceptions (especially if someone works multiple jobs), but the majority of the population could manage three days. Whether they'd *want* to potty train like that is a different matter.
Why? I've heard of people angling mirrors to reflect the light back, but not tapping your windshield fluid. What's the benefit?
Oooh, okay, good to know! I do a lot of highway driving so that may be a useful tip. Thanks.
I mean, I'm all for criticizing him about his stubborn doubt. But I think shaming him for his absurd stance is different from shaming him for not listening to the tape. He didn't need to listen to the tape, because clearly at least one other world leader also didn't. A briefing on the contents was sufficient. I just don't think listening to the tape would matter. Trump made up his mind to stand by Saudia Arabia, despite horrific allegations and growing evidence. That choice already took a significant lack of empathy. Isn't it a bit naive to think that hearing the tape himself would have enough impact to change all of that? Trump not listening to the tape just seems like a silly thing to harp over. It wasn't necessary, and it's not the main issue. And him not listening to the tape wasnt the unusual choice, not really. It's his stance in support of Saudi's Arabia that is, and that choice seems entirely separate from whether or not he heard the tape himself. *Edit:* removed repeated line
That's very strange. The mods even gave the post a "recipe in comments" flair!
No. It's not a murder, it's just providing information to someone who asked for it.
Do you not change the water? If you use fresh water every other day, it should last a week easily.
I'm guessing you start your eggs in cold water and bring everything to a boil together? If you add your eggs into already boiling water it'll be easier. Just don't drop them or they'll crack, I use a spoon to put them in gently. The heat makes the proteins tighten up, which means they stick only to themselves - not the shell. It's much faster and easier to peel!
Yep. I use glass containers instead of tupperwear, and silicone bags instead of ziplocks. It was too depressing seeing how much garbage my meal prep produced before I switched - those black plastic containers everyone uses tend to wear out fast.
Ha, yeah, my cat rarely loafs - he sprawls. It's adorable. But the loaf position isn't necessarily due to stress. My cat does it when I'm cutting cheese and he's waiting to see if I drop a piece he can pounce on :)
Different needs would be a factor too if I had a clue what my libido is. By which I mean, I vaguely remember having those same needs...but my birth control has nuked my libido until I'm no longer sure it exists. Ugh.
Ahhh, I can't stop giggling at the mental image of this. I'm picturing you going from "mmm..." to "gah!" in a flail of limbs. And then trying to pick yourself off the floor with dignity while he's bent over, laughing, in the door frame.
I would happily donate mine as an option too. No major complications - short, light periods with minor cramping. If someone wants a uterus, it's a good one to have. Too bad I hate that I have it. I never want children, and birth control fucks the rest of me up. If I could somehow donate my uterus to a trans woman I'd be thrilled! You'd get something you've wanted, and I'd be free of something that causes me misery. It's a win-win.
I was shocked to see they used their turn signal BEFORE changing lanes!
&gt; I imagine the "super unpleasant" bit is the crazy rush of a high dose of hormones. I'm not sure what the cause was. Given the composition of Plan B, I assume it is an insane hormone surge. Either way, it was soooooo physically painful for me! I took it once, and spent hours curled up crying while it felt like a hot poker stirred my guts and stabbed me. I hope I never need to take it again.
OP = Original Poster (the person who wrote the story).
And that's fine...as long as you aren't upset if they don't want what you bought and return it. Sometimes that surprise is nice. Sometimes I would prefer to have something I explicitly told you I want because, boring or not, *that's* what will make me happy to get. I really don't want some random, useless-to-me gift cluttering up my house. It *will* be returned or regifted. Also...a goddamn CROCK-POT is a shitty gift! That's not a gift for her, it's a gift for the house. It's literally a kitchen appliance, its like buying her a vacuum. No wonder /u/beandip101 wants to return it.
Seriously? If so...go you!! It's refreshing to actually see hair being shaved. Also, the "only shave the part of your leg people will see" bit with the jeans was fucking perfect.
Sure... Until those fighters gets knocked to their asses on the mat. Flashing your underwear (or dick, if you wear the kilt properly) at the world isn't too cool for a fighter.
My razor is gray with a touch of blue on the grip. It looks pretty nice. Of course, it's a men's razor. I literally can't find something not pink for women. It's also hard to find a razor that actually has some weight to the handle (which is one reason why I prefer men's brands...the other being price).
Oh, those are skorts! And yes, they're awesome. I used to wear them a lot as a kid since my mom knew I'd hang upside-down on the monkey bars no matter what.
&gt; Chocolate contains pretty high iron for its serving size. People with low iron counts do tend to have cravings for chocolate. Huh, I thought you were joking but...you weren't. I definitely fulfill this stereptype. Honestly, it's almost a compulsion to shovel chocolate into my face on/before my period.
I really wish I could say yes but...no. Broccoli I buy at the grocery store. And to answer what's probably your next question, I live in central Canada. I'm sorry.
It definitely isn't a kosher issue for us - I'm very sure that no one in my family is or has been Jewish. I think it's just a "we don't want to eat bugs" thing lol
So...she told you that she couldn't go 4 weeks into her job, which was 6 weeks before the trip? ESH for sure. She should have told you earlier than that if she knew she wouldn't be going. At the latest, whenever they had their meeting about work schedules for that week is when she should have told you. But you are still a MASSIVE asshole. You're unreasonable and uncompromising about these trips despite her having just started a new job. Of course she won't take all that time off! She's a new employee. And you do not get to bully her around or dictate the conversations she has with her boss. So she's an asshole for not telling you sooner...but I understand why, because *you're* an asshole for making unreasonable demands, then flying off the handle and becoming furious with her when she made the smart choice for her career. I'd hesitate to tell you the truth too. If you both knew she was changing jobs, why even plan these trips? How could you have any realistic expectation that a new job would accommodate so much time off? It's...absurd.
&gt; I'm really looking for someone spontaneous too hopefully stay in a fun and experimental relationship There's plenty of room spontaneity *after* she trusts you. You've only had ONE date together. She may not trust you yet - I wouldn't. That doesn't mean she's not spontaneous, it just means she's aware of the risks. I know I would NOT want to be blindsided with being isolated together on the second date. I would, however, be excited about the date if I was told ahead of time and could take the appropriate precautions. On the second date, I'm usually still trying to make sure the guy isn't controlling or threatening. Remember, you're still mostly strangers to each other. Cute surprises and spontaneous adventures happen when you're comfortable together. In the mean time, it seems well-meaning but clueless to not factor in the safety concerns when dating someone new. *ETA:* I wanted to add that I *love* your date idea. It honestly sounds like a wonderful evening where you'll get to show off your skills, have quality time, and have fun trying new dishes. I'm more than slightly jealous of her... Just don't blindside her with being alone and you should have a great time :)
It's depilatory cream, aka a chemical hair removal cream. But don't use Nair. That stuff is brutally harsh on your regular skin. I remember my legs burning from it - and I don't have sensitive skin. If you want to test a cream out, try Veet. It's the same idea, but less irritating.
&gt; spray deodorant (doesn't crumble like stick deodorant can and has multiple uses) Mind elaborating? I can't think of how spray deodorant could have multiple uses compared to stick deodorant....
I cook dinner once a week. I eat dinner at home 6-7 times a week though. Cooking in bulk and eating leftovers makes my life so much easier. As long as the food is flavourful and different than last week (Thai, Mexican, Indian, etc) I don't mind eating leftovers. Also...freezing meals makes this easier. If I don't have time to cook, it's easy to pull out a serving of chili and stick it in the microwave. If I'm bored of my leftovers that week, I can freeze half of them and eat a variety of other homemade freezer meals. It works well.
She isn't proud she stooped down to his level of shitty behaviour. He deserved it because of his own shitty behaviour. Just because he deserved it, doesn't mean she should have done it. She would be prouder of herself if she had taken the moral high road, despite that being better behaviour than he deserved. It really is not that complicated.
Would they even want him as a friend...?
Mental illness often plays a role, especially when factors such as stress exacerbate those struggles. It sounds like that's what happened here: &gt;Charging documents state Zicarelli told officers he had planned to kill the child for more than 24 hours after having "bad thoughts." He reportedly said he tried to drown the child because he was trying to make things easier on his wife who was stressed out due to the holiday and trying to provide for the family. [Source](https://www.kmbc.com/article/police-greenwood-man-tried-to-drown-his-6-month-old-in-a-pond/25605981)
Sure, you still *deserve* that break. But, unlike when you live alone, it isn't always feasible. Depending on the work schedule of your partner and the age of your kid(s), you may not be able to get that break. You can't just not take care of your crying baby if your SO needs to head to work. What you deserve doesn't really matter much at that point, it's not what you'll get.
This is what I was thinking too. I feel bad for /u/Butthurt_Bard (lol), but...I completely understand why his little brother may hold resentments still. I was abused by a family member when I was younger. My parents didn't know, and I believe that. But even as an adult, I still resent them. They should have paid attention, they should have asked questions, they should have seen what was happening. The fact that they failed to do those things is exactly how they failed me. I doubt I'll ever fully forgive them. Because at the end of the day...they SHOULD have known. I understand OC was just a kid himself, but it sounds like his brother feels the same way as I do. And if so, leaving behind everyone who failed him and moving on may be the best thing the brother can do for himself.
"In all of us command" makes sense to me. "In all of our command" doesn't... "True patriot love in all of us command" = command true patriot love in all of us, meaning "make all of us feel it." "True patriot love in all of our command" = ....? Make everyone we command (rule over?) feel that love? It sounds like nonsense. ETA: it's odd to me that you claim the current lyrics make no sense. They're VERY similar to the original anthem line, which was "thou dost in us command."
...Lettuce??? I never would have thought someone could be allergic to *lettuce.* Damn.
&gt; Everyone should try to respect each other’s beliefs in their own home. Sure...or they can go stay somewhere else. Such as, oh, I dont know...a hotel? Which is exactly what OP offerred to do - and the brother objected to it too. THIS is what makes the brother the asshole. He doesn't get to have it both ways. If he insists OP's food cannot be in his home, he doesn't get to be upset when OP chooses to respect those wishes by staying elsewhere.
Oh, my mind immediately jumped to being stuck in snow and needing someone to help push you out... Which explains why his wife berates him for not helping.
Holy shit. I vaguely knew what endometriosis was, but I never thought much about the actual symptoms. That sounds horrifying.
Well, he's not quite happy... He's just "hapy" apparently.
Only if they're to/from your lawyer. If not, they're subject to monitoring just like mail is. If prisons didn't monitor communications it would be an issue - as it is, some guys still try to contact their victims or arrange illegal activities from behind bars.
Also, sick days include days taken for sick family members...like kids. And women still do the majority of childcare, including looking after the sick child.
&gt; Is this normal? Or do I get stuck doing way more than other people? That sounds...excessive. And exhausting. I think it's more common to just have two celebrations - one with your spouse's entire side of the family, and one with your entire side of the family. Having separate days for each set of grandparents would create a *lot* of extra work. Why not just plan the get together day earlier in the year? Work schedules etc shouldn't be an issue if everyone agrees on a day early enough to book it off.
Define "restaurant" lol. Do fast food joints count? I was curious so I googled it, looks like the Subway soup is vegetarian. I've never had it so I can't actually recommend it though... &gt; *BROCCOLI &amp; CHEDDAR Water, broccoli, process cheese base (American cheese [cultured milk, salt, enzymes], whey, cream, sodium phosphate, salt, lactic acid, color [paprika &amp; annatto]), modified corn starch, carrots, whipping cream, seasoning (corn syrup solids, sugar, natural flavor [contains milk], sodium phosphate, onion powder, garlic powder, yeast extract, modified corn starch, spice), skim milk, contains less than 2% of the following: cream flavor (cream, nonfat milk), sea salt, cheddar cheese ingredient (cheddar, granular, semi-soft and blue cheese [pasteurized milk, cheese cultures, salt, enzymes], water, sodium phosphate, vinegar, salt), salted butter, soybean oil, natural flavor. Contains milk.*
For sweet potatoes I highly recommend roasting them with rosemary and smoked paprika (and salt/pepper). I roast them diced for mac browning, they're delicious. I've had white sweet potatoes, they taste pretty similar to the regular orange ones but the white one had a thinner skin. Not much difference really.
Write a reminder note to yourself and stick it on the door! That way you'll see it on your way out.
To be fair, bleeding out of your vagina is *really* messy. Most of the marks under my toilet seat are caused by ropes of slimy blood which swing wildly and get stuck there for a moment when I'm wiping. ...my sincere apologies to anyone whose mind I just scarred this Christmas Eve night.
&gt; I keep my Bobby pins all in one place, SOMEHOW. I assume the "bobbypins everywhere" thing is just a cliche... It isn't *that* difficult to keep track of them. Even if you unpin your hair when watching tv, stick them in the bathroom on your way to bed. That way they're there for the morning.
Thank you for your sacrifice. Please know that I also hate you for it.
Hm, you're right. I don't think the small one meant to steal that dog bed... I think the pup wanted to cuddle and now feels rejected!
It is interesting, isn't it? When my grandpa passed away, we knew he was near the end but he was determined to see everyone one last time for Christmas. We were all able to get together for Christmas, and for New Year's Eve! We had a final glass of scotch all together on New Year's Eve...and he passed on Jan 2nd. He was just so determined to say goodbye go everyone and to hold on until the new year.
I think people have difficulty with it because they forget the shrimp will keep cooking for a little longer when they're removed from the heat - especially if they're stored in a covered container to keep warm. Shrimp that's perfect in the pan can quickly become slightly overdone. Taking them off a touch early means they're perfect when you serve them.
You're welcome! If you want to be super awesome, when you take out the shrimp, add some more butter with oil and toss in some sliced onions. Add a squirt of lemon juice. Let them cook on medium heat until clear (try one, cook longer if you prefer it), *then* deglaze the pan like I explained above. Lemony garlic butter shrimp with buttery onions poured over top is *amazing.*
This makes me happy. I love how proper and formal he looks too, I'd be struggling not to crack a smile!
I never understood until I made stewed chickpeas. So simple but sooooo good.
He did make a last-minute visit to soldiers in Iraq. I believe it was his first visit to a combat zone since he became President (though I'm not American so that may be incorrect).
&gt; If they tolerate a human close to them and perceive you as a threat to that human they may very well attack. Animals can be a pretty darn irrational. Hm. I agree animals can be pretty darn irrational, but I don't know if I agree that this is an example of irrationality... Attacking a perceived threat to your adopted packmate sounds quite rational to me. After all, pets are simply animals which humans have incorporated into their families. Yet if you have a pet, wouldn't you defend that pet against an attacker? I know I'd protect my cat if I thought someone might hurt him.
Just to clarify...they were sterilizing the rape *victims*, not the rapists? I mean, both are wrong, but this is the more confusion option.
&gt; When the steak is tender [. . .] Add broccoli and cook, covered, 20 minutes more. Well, that makes more sense! I was thinking about how mushy the broccoli would be if it cooked for hours with the beef. Tossing it in at the end would be good though, thanks for the recipe.
For the ginger paste and garlic paste...is that just for convenience? Or are there seasonings mixed into the pastes? Im hoping finely minced or even finely grated ginger and garlic can be used instead. I've tried them, but the prepared ginger pastes and garlic pastes sold near me taste like chemicals. They're pretty gross. I'd much rather use the actual ingredients if possible...
How do you heat the charcoal for this technique though? The only way I can imagine working indoors is if you have a gas range... Is there a method those of us with electric ranges/ovens can use?
[Mirror link](https://external-preview.redd.it/mp4/lX8xrjAgpYfui3_b6SmwY0W0gu5ZNTKo8eTjL_1Aq1w-source.mp4?s=7cc98340234d970944efedc97efd36f0c1cb71f3) courtesy of /u/dinosaur_foam
Wait, what? I was always told never to brush/comb my hair when it's *wet* because it's more likely to break...
I absolutely disagree. If that canvas bag had been $10, I would NOT have bought it...or most of my other bags. And since I do use reusable bags weekly, and have done so for years, that would be a shame. I'm already at around 500 uses for my other bags, 1000+ is not far off. Pricing people out of using reusable bags because you think they'll treat it like a disposable item is absurd. The people who buy them are the people who use them - otherwise plastic bags are still available. Treating canvas bags as disposable instead of consistently using them just isn't a real concern when they still cost money and plastic bags are offered at checkout.
Ha, fair enough. I was only speaking about current sources, but yes, that may change in the future. So, *at this time* they need meat to survive!
Marijuana = MJ = Mary Jane
Well, that's absolutely disgusting. Also, I burst out laughing when I reached this perfect comment: &gt; Dude...you're either the messiah of this sub or there's a microwave in your asylum
I'm not sure...maybe it's to confuse search filters? Either way, you're right -that's definitely a canoe.
&gt; I genuinely don't find plane seats that uncomfortable, but my partner and friends and family members that are taller or bigger than me are always miserably uncomfortable This might just be you... I'm 5'6" and slim, but planes are still miserably uncomfortable for me. My legs/knees are fine, but the seat is awful and hurts my back. I love having the extra leg room when I get it because it means I can be a little more comfortable without having to recline my seat onto the guy behind me! I think you just need to accept that planes suck for most people. Tall folks should plan ahead if they want to guarantee comfort, otherwise they suffer with the rest of us. If someone *wants* to give their spot up for someone else, that's great...but they aren't the asshole if they don't.
&gt; Your husband isnt an asshole for wanting to abort the baby. He loves your baby too but is expressing that love in a different way. He doesnt want to see your baby suffer. That's okay too. This is exactly what I was thinking. I was trying to find the words to express this sentiment but I just couldn't find them. You said it perfectly.
You forgot one - stewed chickpeas! It's seriously the most amazing thing ever. Unfortunately this is one of my few chickpea recipes that isn't vegetarian, but it's far more delicious than it should be considering the simple ingredients. Chop 2 or 3 strips of bacon, dice an onion, several cloves of garlic, and 1 ripe tomato. Heat the chopped bacon in a pan on low heat and season with salt, black pepper, and paprika. You want the bacon to cook slow so the fat renders out. Once that is done, increase the heat. Sauté the chopped onion garlic and tomato and simmer until soft. Add the chickpeas until cooked, and enjoy!
Witnesses, cell phone footage, you being there in an official capacity, you being the one who called for assistance... How the hell did this take 5 HOURS to sort out? Were the officers just humoring the DA?
Good luck! When it's done, it should look [like this](https://myfancypantry.files.wordpress.co/2012/07/dsc06142m.jpg). Btw, for the tomato I suggest Roma tomatoes if you have them, they turn to sauce nicely. Get two if they're small, you want about 1cup when diced.
Damn, you're much better than me. I had: *Simply go to the page of preferences [= preferences page] and ??? the option ???.* Clearly I need to keep working on it.
&gt; No "fancypants" thingy What does this refer to? It's also in the clarification link and I don't get it...
I *really* don't think I'm the idiot in this conversation.... When so many people are telling you to reconsider your perspective, perhaps you should have the intelligence to reassess whether or not what you're saying actually has any basis in reality. (Hint: it doesn't.)
I mean... Her husband cheated on her first. OP said the SIL's husband was having a longterm affair with a colleague, and the SIL knew. They were also separated for long periods of time because the SIL's husband travelled for work. Given that he cheated first and continued cheating, *and* that their relationship was dead in all but name, I don't judge her too harshly for having an affair as well. Fair's fair.
OP sounds a lot like my mother, she was also cold and dismissive. I grew up hating my mother. Assuming this isn't a shit post, OP's daughter will soon hate her too (if she doesn't already).
Maybe it needs a 100% rate of ice water being dumped on his dick... He has an entire house to jerk off in, it's incredibly selfish to continually choose somewhere that will wake you up. Hell, you commented that it's an open relationship so he can even get off with someone else if he wants. This is all so unnecessary.
...downward currents? I'm aware of undertow that can pull you out to the ocean, but I never thought about if currents can pull you down.
Yep, I'm just about to make a barley risotto for dinner in mine. They're wonderfully versatile. And my loaves turn out beautifully when I bake in a dutch oven!
&gt; Applejack I assume the tattoo on her hip is supposed to be apples then? I thought they were red bell peppers lol, apples would make more sense.
You keep a tarantula IN YOUR OFFICE?? Do you want your co-workers to hate you or is that just a side effect?
Oh damn. Was anyone hurt?
*Be as a bird perched on a frail branch that she feels bending beneath her, still she sings away all the same, knowing she has wings.* - Victor Hugo I find it reassuring when I'm feeling overwhelmed. It reminds me that I have safety net, and that even if things go wrong I'll be okay
A highshool teacher commended me for writing about unusual or controversial topics, and told me that my work was "typical of my characteristic moxie." When I asked hear that meant, he paused then explained, "It means you've got balls." It has been well over a decade, and that still remains my favourite compliment. Now that I'm older and I know it refers to having determination or nerve, I like the idea of having moxie! And I thought hearing a teacher say "balls" as part of a compliment was the funniest thing ever.
&gt; “Repeated molestation that forces a girl to go through puberty” is not a thing at all. That’s not how puberty works. Unfortunately...it appears you're wrong about this. Precocious puberty *has* been connected to childhood sexual abuse for girls. Sexual abuse is not the only reason why girls will go through early puberty, there are medical causes as well, but it shouldn't be discounted. &gt; The researchers believe they were able to accurately rule out other variables that may have aided in accelerated puberty, pinpointing child sexual abuse and the stress hormones associated with it as a cause for early maturation in young girls. [Source.](https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2017/03/170328120237.htm) Further, while precocious puberty tends to only accelerate development by a year or two, the difference can sometimes be significant. Here is one example: &gt; Precocious puberty can make a child fertile when very young, with the youngest mother on record being Lina Medina, who gave birth at the age of 5 years, 7 months and 17 days, in one report and at 6 years 5 months in another. [Source](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Precocious_puberty) [Here is a list](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_youngest_birth_mothers) of other children who became mothers due to precocious puberty.
&gt; If I found my GF of nearly 4 years actually has a large amount of money to throw around and invest and never told me, I'd be pissed too. Not because I feel entitled to that money, but because I am taking disproportionately larger financial hit by simply going out to eat than she is, and we have been splitting costs evenly on essentially everything. This is a very good point. If they are in very different financial situations, splitting costs 50/50 is inherently unfair. I can understand her being upset that OP was content to let her pay a disproportionate amount of each date once in a relationship. That, or they ought to have at least discussed how they split costs. When you put it like that, her reaction makes more sense. And I don't think OP was malicious at all, he was just using his money as he chose. So...NAH.
Good! Next time you should also tell him that you need him and his family to *back off.* Having everyone around you nag you about a baby (and remind you of the trauma you suffered) isn't helping. Have you considered a long-term birth control option, like an IUD or Nexplanon? Are you using condoms as a secondary precaution? Have you gone to counselling since meds alone may not address PPD? Have you talked to a therapist about possible PTSD? If not, those are all immediate things you should consider *before* making any permanent choices. You may still want permanent sterilization and that's okay! But take the time to breathe and make a logical decision instead of just reacting out of fear. And make it clear to your husband that he and his family cannot pressure you while you're figuring this out. Good luck.
Oh good, it isn't just me? I can't tell if that's a child or an adult...
&gt; Turns out he just needed some time to think on it because I caught him off guard bringing up something super serious we've literally never discussed before (sterilization) in the middle of a fucking Target, like a dumbass. This made me burst out laughing. Fair enough, that was probably not the best time or place to bring it up!! I'm glad he was just surprised, and is supportive now that he had a chance to think about it :)
That was my reading too. It's great if OP doesn't want kids, I don't either - that's why we're here. But referencing common (and treatable) diseases is a poor way of communicating that. OP shouldn't have to justify why she doesn't want kids. But since she *was* trying to do exactly that, an explanation that is a common medical history is unlikely to be effective.
She was UNCONSCIOUS. He was not. He didn't make a "dumb decision," he sexually assaulted an unconscious woman. In the eyes of most sane people, that DOES make him a monster. And she certainly bears no fault - she was not responsible for his choice to assault her.
Did you read the article? It explains why this case was relevant to include: &gt;Turner's case is an interesting one for students to analyze, especially since it led to rape laws being updated. It wasn't rape at the time because the legislation defined his actions as sexual assault. If he was tried after the legislation changes that his case motivated, he'd be convicted of rape on the same facts.
Well shit, I guess I misunderstood what you were getting at. Agreed, short of addiction I wouldn't either. It just isn't worth it! But for some reason so many people risk it still.
Well, she didn't *quite* ask him out. She was pretty obviously hinting at it, but hopefully OC isn't so dense he'd misunderstand if she blatantly asked him to join her.
&gt; It is clearly labeled as an x-post and everyone can clearly see the real OP. Well... This depends on how you access Reddit. I use baconreader and I can't see an original OP. Until I saw your comment I had no indication that this is a crosspost!
&gt; the cue is long Just so you know, a "cue" is a signal or a prompt, like when a director cues an actor on stage. The word you probably want is "queue," which refers to a line-up.
I know this isn't a relationship sub, but I noticed that you have never mentioned couples therapy. Is there a reason for that? Because you need to either address your resentment (and she needs to acknowledge the effect on you), or you need to leave. As it is, I'm voting moderate YTA. Your wife isn't an asshole because she's struggling with mental illness and has accessed help to address it. For what it's worth, you are NOT the asshole for how you feel about the relationship - I think it's understandable. But I think it IS assholish of you to continue resenting her when neither of you understood her mental health, and it's assholish of you to talk about being "vulnerable" to cheating when that's a choice you'd be making...just like how you're currently making a choice to stay.
That I'd agree with! It does seem like there are assumptions bring made. I wonder if that's because of how much OP himself seems to be struggling, it suggests strength is an issue with the mower. At any rate, her comments of "it's a man's job" and "I've never done it" are definitely bullshit. OP was right to point out he does dishes etc which was traditionally women's work. And just because she's never done it doesn't mean she can't learn!
&gt; Improving the means in which children can and are educated is a step towards actually treating the symptoms. Do you mean that this is actually treating the cause?
If that's true, it doesn't work well for me. I'm plenty alerted, but I just want to throw the screamer out the building or shove a sock in it's mouth - not take care of the kid. This is especially true with babies... Hearing a baby cry makes me violently angry. I just want it to *shut up,* I don't care how or if it's safe. This is why it's a good thing I'm never having kids.
&gt; I think maybe people are too quick to dismiss peeled garlic, because historically, convenience ingredients are usually mishandled or fucked up. I can't speak for everyone, but I know many people (including myself) dismiss peeled garlic because it's unethical. It's also unnecessary for me, I buy garlic in bulk and remove the loose papery skin, then freeze the cloves in bags. I use the garlic from frozen and the peel falls off. You haven't responded to any of the comments saying this, but the peeled garlic from China sold in grocery stores is produced by prisoners. It's modern day slavery. Not only is it an issue of non-payment, the inmates actually suffer injury - they are forced to peel so much garlic, their hands blister and they loose fingernails. Some end up using their teeth/mouth to remove the peel. So I wish more people refused to buy peeled garlic. The slight convenience it provides comes at the expense of human suffering.
I've never had it, but wasn't Crystal Pepsi just a lighter, slightly less sweet version of regular Pepsi? What was so bad?
Are you familiar with what a donkey is? A "bray" is the sound a donkey makes. It's a loud, obnoxious, noise which tends to be continuous but varying in pitch.
Interesting. May I ask what country you're in? I'm a criminal lawyer in central Canada and that definitely isn't true here. Our prisons all have tons of cameras, especially our max security institution. Every wing has cameras viewing the space outside cells, as well as multiple angles in any room that prisoners can access. The only places there aren't cameras are the showers/washroom and pointing into the cells because either of those are private spaces. The rest of the institution is covered. *Edit:* fixed missing word.
Not OP, but I use that phrase too. It's just a way if saying that a young person is very mature. So OP is saying that her son is actually 13, but in many ways he has the maturity of a 30 year old.
That's interesting to know, I thought the number was closer to 25%. While having *any* for profit prisons is deeply concerning, I'm glad they aren't as prevalent as I believed. ETA: thanks for making the effort to provide a reliable source like the ACLU! It's nice to see.
Another thing to think about is that people bring young dogs to dog parks to help with socialization. If a pup hasn't met many dogs and it runs into yours...that pup will feel scared and frightened by the interaction. Your dog can make a pup grow up being aggressive out of fear. Dog parks are for dogs that can socialize. Most dog parks explicitly ban aggressive dogs like yours. And even with your precautions, you're risking your dog harming others. I feel bad for you, but YTA. You can use trails, run with your dog, or set activities up in your backyard if you have one. But your dog does not belong at a dog park.
&gt; None, just like the women that I know. I'm jumping in here because I find this answer extremely strange. Have you ASKED the women you know? Have you had in-depth conversations about this? Or are you just *assuming* they don't because they've never volunteered that information spontaneously? Unless you have made an effort to ask about these things with an open mind in a way that gives examples and invites feedback...you cannot say this. You simply don't have that knowledge. What I can say is that all the women I know *do* take precautions, as do I. That isn't information they'll offer, even if casually asked. But if given examples of precautions, most will think about it and say they do the same. It's just so automatic that it's no longer a conscious precaution.
At no point did OP yell or say s/he planned to yell. Stop exaggerating. Crying babies suck, I can't blame OP for being annoyed.
The guys don't have the same relationship with her as they do with their friend. They also may not know where the line is for her sense of humour, or what can insult her. It's unreasonable to expect them to be as open with her as their actual friend. I've dealt with the reverse of this. I was pissed when my friend brought her SO to girl's night because it completely changed the dynamic. We weren't close to him, and we weren't comfortable being "just us" like we are in our closeknit group that has no secrets. You don't have to be polite with your friends, or to censor yourself...but with someone who isn't a friend, you generally do. *Edit:* format
This is my SO... He thinks his friends will forever be available, even if he doesn't put any effort into his relationships with them. I actually have to suggest he goes out with them when I'm busy with my own family/friends or else it won't occur to him. As it is, he constantly cancels on them to something mundane with me (ie: cook dinner) even if I just want a heads up he'll be out, so I figure they all probably resent me at this point unfortunately. He's just awful at prioritizing his friends! *Edit:* spacing!
Thank you. It's tough because I don't want to push him if he simply doesn't feel like going out that night, so I try to stick with the "gentle encouragement" route. I love how your friend's girlfriend handled it! It may not be the only right way, but it seemed to work well with you guys. I'm somewhat tempted to do something similar because I don't want his friends to think I'm trying to cut them out... On the bright side, I have had some success with gentle encouragement! this winter, I talked him into going ice fishing with a buddy a few times, and he loved it each time once he was actually out there. The first time was...interesting. He kept trying to talk me into going too, even tried to coax his friends into inviting me since I like fishing, but I had no desire to wake up early just to be freezing cold so he finally agreed to go alone.
Ah, you must be a troll. That, or a miserable crazy person. Cheers, hope your life gets better.
&gt; If u don’t cut boiled eggs I reckon they can keep fresh longer. Yep, if they're cut the yolk tends to dry out in about two days. They last longer when left whole.
Thanks! I'm definitely not perfect, but I try. He went ice fishing with buddies a few times this past winter without me, so I count that as a small success :)
Was that play at the end? I thought a dog showing it's teeth and snapping in front of another animal would actually be a way of warning that other animal off. It looked like annoyance, not play... To be clear, I'm a cat person, so I'll admit I know nothing about dogs. This is a genuine question because I really don't know.
Dude, read the comments. She's getting blasted too. It seems silly to make this a gender issue when the YTAs are almost unanimous.
That assumption would be wrong. Tims now uses a completely different coffee bean supplier. The original supplier is now the supplier for McDonalds coffee. Tims also used to actually make their donuts in store. Now, they're pre-made and frozen. So not only has the recipe changed, but it isn't as fresh. The best I can say is that they glaze the donuts in store...but that's a *very* low bar. And Tims food in general has changed. You pay more for a smaller portion (which is the norm everywhere, of course), but again, none of it is particularly fresh. And the overall quality is poor. From what I've seen others buy, your toasted panini will be barely heated some days, and your bagel will almost always have the cream cheese only in the hole and not actually spread. It really isn't worth going to Tims. People would be better off buying McDonalds coffee, Robins donuts, and anyone else's food.
You can remove someone from your will for *any* reason. That doesn't mean it can't be a scummy decision. If you cut your kid out of your will because s/he married someone of a different race, that would be completely legit. It would also be scummy as hell, and would make you a racist asshole. Similarly, if OP disinherits his daughter because she refused to throw away 30K on her sibling who would likely never pay her back...that's scummy, and it would make OP even more of an asshole than he currently is. If OP has so much faith his irresponsible son will pay back the money, HE should lend it. If he thinks it's a bad financial decision, well, that shows his daughter was right to refuse.
&gt; One of my professors that I regularly talk to after class noticed that my car was full of clothes and asked if everything was okay. Over lunch I explained my situation, and he offered to take me in. Damn, your prof was an awesome person. Not only did he care enough to ask, but he waa willing to open his home to help someone out. On a different note, congrats on freeing yourself from your dad. I hope your life has improved significantly since then!
...and why not just use a bin? Doesn't everyone scrape their plates clean before putting them in the sink? The thought of having a drain clog because food is being left on the plate is strange. It has literally never been an issue for anyone I know.
&gt; maybe it's just your wording, but I'm tired of people using classic whataboutism every time we point to how China is about to gobble up HK. Which part of that question sounded like "classic whataboutism" to you? It seems like a simple request for clarification, nothing more.
NTA. Just like not letting people kiss your baby on the mouth/face to prevent herpes, not allowing smoke around your baby is a reasonable protection. It doesn't matter if others don't like the rule, your priority has to be your baby's safety. &gt; I can't stand the thought of picking up my baby and having him smell like smoke. What will that do to an infant? She won't smoke around the baby, but she's certainly going to bring some of that toxic shit to him. What you're describing is exposure to third hand smoke. Children are particularly vulnerable to being exposed because they touch everything and out things in their mouth. A baby could easily come in contact with clothes that have smoke residue then stick those fingers in it's mouth. [Here is more information](https://www.google.com/amp/s/health.clevelandclinic.org/5-things-you-should-know-about-the-risks-of-thirdhand-smoke/amp/) on third hand smoke. Specific to babies...what it can do is kill your child. That sounds scary and hyperbolic, but research shows that smoke exposure is a key contributor in Sudden Infant Death Syndrome (SIDS). There are a lot of articles you can read on the topic, but [here is a quick summary](https://www.canada.ca/en/health-canada/services/health-concerns/tobacco/legislation/tobacco-product-labelling/smoking-sudden-infant-death-syndrome.html) &gt; Sudden infant death syndrome (SIDS) is the leading cause of death in the first year of life. &gt; Research has shown that, in 2002, nearly one-third of SIDS deaths were due to smoking. &gt; Some of the chemicals in tobacco smoke alter the development of an infant's brain and the lungs. This in turn affects how an infant breathes and may be responsible for SIDS. *Edit:* fixed links
Not often! I heard the same thing too. I usually touch the leaves once a week (if that), and the stems will sometimes droop a bit if I'm clumsy when turning the pot.
Sadly no...the pot is a repurposed ceramic so it doesn't have any holes. I thought the perlite would help but maybe not. I've never heard of a moisture meter but they don't look expensive - I might have to check that out! Or I may need to repot the mimosa into something with drainage holes. I do use room temperature water at least. I need to - my African violet has a hissy fit if I dare to let cold water touch her leaves lol. *ETA:* would watering issues cause only the bottom leaves to yellow though?
&gt; She breasted to the stairs and tittily went downward. Uh, excuse me, she "breasted boobily and titted downwards." We cannot forget her boobily breasting! In all seriousness, that line never fails to crack me up. I love/hate it.
Thank you for that link. I've had a rough week, and those comments made me laugh so hard I was out of breath!
&gt; Boobs also express body language, like hand gestures Um. What? My boobs don't turn red and gesticulate when I'm angry, or hide when I'm shy. They don't start swinging to and fro when I'm feeling energetic either. Are you trying to say that if a large breasted woman is moving around while expressing herself, her breasts may move too? But...so would her belly if she is overweight, along with her arm flab. Hell, her hair may be flipped around too if she's moving and has layers! But her belly, arm flab, and hair don't express body language. Neither do her boobs. Boobs express body language as much as a fat guy's gut does...which is to say, not at all.
I'm late to the party, but I stumbled across this comment while looking into capsule hotels. If you don't mind a few questions, what did you do with your bag while checked out? Did you have to make arrangements with the hotel to leave it in the locker? Also, I can't figure out how big the lockers usually are...do they fit a travel backpack, a carry-on suitcase, or something smaller? Finally, did you have any issues staying there?
You'll be relieved to know it wasn't about the weed - it was for participating in the London Riots. [/u/Michael0715's comment provides links about it.](http://reddit.com/r/unexpectedhogwarts/comments/c06oh1/they_are_the_same/er2ike8)
&gt; I also got tooted at by some asshole in a hurry even though I cant have delayed him more than 30 seconds. And the person who honked you was in the right. You were a hazard, and you were interrupting the flow of traffic. When a vehicle has to go significantly slower, it MUST have it's hazard lights on...because it's a hazard. If you were driving without your flashers, you were the asshole. I'm saying this as a fellow cat owner. Your concern for your pet makes sense. But if you simply drove slowly, your execution sucked - and the other person wasn't the one who was being an asshole.
&gt; There was no hazard or danger, the visibility was fine I didn't say you need hazard lights in because of poor visibility. I said it because a slow moving vehicle is a hazard in and of itself. &gt; there was just the two of us on a single lane back road. And that still makes you the asshole here. If you're travelling significantly slower without putting hazard lights on (to notify other drivers that there's a reason why, such as mechanical issues with your vehicle) then you're the asshole. You could have put your hazards on. You could have driven at speed. You (potentially) could have pulled off to the side to let the person behind you pass. But if instead you just drove very slowly without any signal to communicate...you're the asshole, and the person was right to give you a "what the fuck, hurry up" honk.
Not gonna lie, I laughed at the tip of his dick being the tip of the iceberg. At any rate, I'm glad it worked out and he's no longer an asshole.
&gt; I don't feel like that makes me an asshole because I didn't know this beforehand. I think it makes you an asshole because of how you handled it. If you went, "shit, I didn't think you'd care, sorry" then she'd probably still be annoyed you assumed but you wouldn't be an asshole. Instead, you decided talking about how you've fucked other people with your same dick was the smart response. That was rude and dismissive. It's also a stupid argument - ignoring how skin cells regenerate so you effectively have a 'new' dick, your girlfriend presumably knew you weren't a virgin when she consented to sex with you...but she didn't know the toys were recycled so she couldn't consent to that reuse. Sex is personal and intimate. It isn't governed solely by logic, it's about comfort levels and feelings. You should never try to logic someone into a sex act they aren't comfortable with. I feel bad for your SO. If I found out the vibrator we use had been used in my boyfriend's ex, I would feel violated. That's *nasty.* It isn't about cleaning regimes or product quality - it's about pure, visceral disgust at the thought of something that had been inside another person now being recycled and used in me.
...why? Not wanting to date anyone military at all is just as reasonable.
&gt; if you are really scared I am pretty sure there are pills that works for guys too, and you can take it instead + the condom As far as I know, no male birth control options are on the market. There have been tests done, but nothing approved. Am I wrong? If there is a male option that has been tested and is finally available, I need this link to send my SO asap.
&gt; Idk how you misunderstood that lol. Simple...you said it's fast food. When ordering fast food, customers pay when they receive their food *and tip at the same time.* So him getting his food but not paying/tipping just seems strange.
I'm not American, but I was curious if this is true and it is! &gt; The text information service is run by No Kid Hungry, an initiative of the non-profit organization Share Our Strength. &gt; No Kid Hungry has access to information about tens of thousands of groups serving free meals nationwide as part of the the U.S. Department of Agriculture’s (USDA) Summer Food Service Program. &gt; Spanish-speakers can also text “COMIDA” to 877-877. Source: [Snopes fact check](https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/can-text-food-get-free-meals-children/)
That was my reaction as well. They have the same eyes and smile, and the same lines. Also, I swear they're wearing the same glasses frames.
Not OC, but I want to second the sentiment. Growing up I had a friend with similar skin to the woman in this photo. I didn't know what vitiligo was, I just knew her skin was different. And honestly...I was jealous as hell. I wanted leopard prints too! My skin was boring, it was (is) a pretty colour but it didn't have any patterns. I'm older now and I know what vitiligo is, but I still think it looks cool too. Btw, look up vitiligo cats (or dogs if you're a dog person). Animals can get vitiligo too, and they're absolutely gorgeous.
Oh, it has already been posted there. The verdict was overwhelmingly "not the asshole." It looks like links are allowed on this sub so [here it is](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/bz0ugq/wibta_if_i_refused_to_let_my_mother_hold_my/) if you're curious.
Yep, recent research has shown that smoke exposure is a key factor in SIDS. That alone is an excellent reason to keep babies away from smokers or homes where people smoke unless major accommodations are made.
Aw, I hope you apologize to your sister. It's frustrating when people don't believe the health issues you're dealing with!
Not OC, but "soap magnet holder" pulls up what they're talking about.
&gt; You could give pedestrians a sidewalk next to the bike lane with a median in between, and the pedestrians will still use the bike lane. What makes you say this? Vancouver (Canada) has sidewalks and bike lanes, and I haven't seen people walking on the bike lanes.
&gt; How she can somehow think she's a size 6 when she's a size 10 is hard to wrap my head around... I feel like you have no idea how dramatic vanity sizing is now. For context, I am somewhere between a 00 and a 4/6. I have no idea where. My capris are 00, my shorts are 2 and 6, my jeans are 2, 4, and 6, and my suit pants are 0, 2, and 4. It's absurd. Vanity sizes are common now. And since the sizes vary so drastically, both store-to-store and within the same store, those sizes are pretty meaningless. I can't blame her if she just figured she's a size 6 at that store, or if she just figured that's her new size that fits. As shown above, the size I fit varies significantly even though my body hasn't changed. If she cares about the number she fits, I can see her being excited about the size 6 and not questioning it. After all, that's basically *why* vanity sizing exists at all.
&gt; Oh, she want to play the it's my body my choice game. I'm not sure if you intended to, but I don't think it's fair to call bodily autonomy a game. What the phrase stands for is important, it shouldn't be casually dismissed. But...this is definitely NOT what "my body, my choice" is about. This isn't a bodily autonomy issue at all - it simply isn't applicable. This is a priorities issue, namely that her husband was not the priority over facebook likes. Like you said, she took something that *should* have been a special moment for them and instead treated OP as unimportant. Apparently telling the father is no more significant to her than telling a high school acquaintance she hasn't seen in a decade. This is just so wrong. No wonder OP is feeling hurt and let down! Definite NTA.
If you're intending to argue with me about bodily autonomy being important, don't. It isn't something I'll reconsider, and it's completely off topic. I only mentioned it because of OC's phrasing.
3a here... I feel your pain lol.
What about your papers or important documents? You're going to need things like your birth certificate when you move out. If you can't get the originals, make copies to keep with you. It will make it easier to order replacements if your family withholds them as a way to control you. To be clear, punching doors to intimidate you and removing your door for years is unacceptable. As for your current situation, not wanting to share a room with your inconsiderate sister is completely reasonable. You are NTA. Good luck, OP.
Simple: it isn't just her wedding day. It's THEIR wedding day. If the groom wants to invite someone important to him, that matters. OP's only explanation so far is just that it "feels weird." Well, that doesn't offset years of friendship. The groom has every right to invite the people he's closest to unless there's a very good reason why not.
It isn't just *her* wedding day, it's *THEIR* wedding day. The groom should be able to invite the people he's closest to unless there's a good reason why not. So far, OP hasn't provided that. Saying it would "feel weird" isn't enough to prevent her fiance from inviting someone who is important to him.
Their products are eco friendly *compared to similar products.* Not compared to using nothing at all. Lush or similar stores aren't making people waste water. People will still take baths, wash their hair, use soap, and brush their teeth. People will use products to do these things. Lush markets these products as being more eco friendly than the alternatives. For the bath bombs specifically, IIRC the glitter they use is made from ~~algae~~ - NOT plastic. Since microplastics are major issue, that's a good thing. Edit: I did not remember correctly lol. It's synthetic mica, not algae. Still, not plastic! [Source.](https://www.lush.ca/en/article_all-that-glitters.html?gclid=Cj0KCQjwgLLoBRDyARIsACRAZe6K4tr-1d6KGtYZtrABQILBaD2lH1ApfXt7KxnfjG8gqkDauiNhh1IaAkESEALw_wcB)
If you're talking about Lush specifically, the glitter they use isn't plastic. It's synthetic mica. [Source.](https://www.lush.ca/en/article_all-that-glitters.html?gclid=Cj0KCQjwgLLoBRDyARIsACRAZe6K4tr-1d6KGtYZtrABQILBaD2lH1ApfXt7KxnfjG8gqkDauiNhh1IaAkESEALw_wcB)
If you're talking about Lush specifically, the glitter they use isn't plastic. It's synthetic mica. [Source.](https://www.lush.ca/en/article_all-that-glitters.html?gclid=Cj0KCQjwgLLoBRDyARIsACRAZe6K4tr-1d6KGtYZtrABQILBaD2lH1ApfXt7KxnfjG8gqkDauiNhh1IaAkESEALw_wcB)
So...more of her is gone than just the edges. And the painting just depicts the edge of someone starting to erode. I have to agree with the other person, the painting shows *early* dementia. What you're describing (which is similar to the stage my grandma is in) doesn't match the image shown.
&gt;I think if people see the resources more frequently it will be easier to help encourage taking advantage of them. &gt;it just gets a lot more internally conflicting because there’s someone in Authority telling me one thing but internally I know how I would feel. Why not counter their suggestion with one of your own? Instead of revealing the people you're concerned about so they can be singled out with a one-on-one meeting, suggest everyone should engage in such a meeting so it's normalized. If your friends want to speak up and access help, it provides a good opportunity. And if someone else is struggling that you aren't aware of, it might help them too. Or you can simply refuse altogether and not suggest anything else, but still encourage the friend's you're worried about to reach out. Either way, I agree with /u/piscesmartian's comment. Right now, you would be breaking their trust in you. The only time you should breach their confidence is if you have a serious concern that they'll hurt themself or someone else.
Also, it isn't stagnant water. If an animal is going to drink from somewhere outside, this is a decent spot.
Wait, actually? So...is the technique different? How similar do they taste?
Do you already have a channel under that name? If so, I can't find it :(
Hold up. I can be lazy AND have sourdough?? Please share your recipe. I haven't had time to bake lately and it's killing me!
It's great that there's one in the disabled bathroom. Presumably any family bathrooms have one too. But...there still should be a change station in the mens washroom. You may choose not to use it, but it still should be there for everyone else. Having one in the disabled bathroom isn't good enough.
&gt; I thought unisex bathrooms where the norm in a lot of places. Only if they're single use washrooms. Since only one person can use them at a time, it doesn't matter if they're male or female. &gt; And I'm talking about a bathroom with stalls and shit. If you won't go into a bathroom with multiple stalls because a man is in the front changing a diaper then that's crazy to me. The stalls are NOT private. All women's washrooms that aren't single use have stalls, it isn't good enough. You can absolutely still see into the stall through the gaps around the door. So no, I will not use the washroom when a man can easily see me, whether intentional or not. &gt; Being a man, I use the women's restroom all the time if there is a line. Never have people freaked out lol. Do you live somewhere where the stalls are more private? If they were essentially closed-off rooms, I don't think people would care *as much*, though it would still be weird and discomforting to me. Also, just because people aren't "freaking out" doesn't mean they aren't uncomfortable with your presence.
Oh, that's interesting, I've never seen that. That makes sense, if there's a separate room for it then change stations aren't necessary in washrooms.
I wouldn't know about the US either lol, I'm not American. I'm Canadian. It's interesting to hear that's the norm in Ireland and England. I wish we could adopt that trend.
&gt; That emplies that men are unsafe to be around women in my mind Exactly, YOU are the one that jumped to the assumption that it means men are unsafe - not me. To be explicitly clear, I never mentioned safety concerns because that isn't the issue. Reading in a bias I never expressed is why I said you seem to be looking for a reason to be offended because my comment, in and of itself, should not be offensive to a reasonable person. There is no need to make assumptions. I have consistently expressed my concern and it has never implied safety is the issue. My point about privacy is just about that: *privacy.* We wear clothes to cover up. We change in change rooms where only other women (or other men) will see us naked. We don't expose ourselves to random people whenever possible, but *especially* not to random people of the opposite gender. I don't want to be exposed in a state of undress to anyone when possible unless I have chosen to let that person see me. It would be particularly uncomfortable for random men to see me naked without my choosing. Similarly, I don't want anyone to see me using the washroom through those door gaps, but it would be particularly uncomfortable to have a man able to see me. It's that simple. *Edit:* typos
Ah, fair enough. I thought you meant he ought to be incarcerated simply because he's a sociopath in your opinion, not because he's causing harm. I don't necessarily agree with jail as the solution, but that's a different debate lol. Sorry about that! I misunderstood your point.
&gt; That said, any guy who could not be 100 percent trustworthy to share this information with and be completely supportive is not worth being with at all. I agree with this for myself. If I became pregnant (please no) and didn't tell my SO I'm aborting, I'd be a terrible person. And it isn't about the abortion itself, but because he'd be understandably hurt that I didn't trust him to be there for me. Thankfully, I know he'd support me :) But that isn't the case for everyone unfortunately. Maybe she's in an abusive relationship, or fears him trying to prevent the abortion, or just doesnt trust how he'll react. There are so many scenarios where it makes complete sense to not tell him. That's her right.
&gt; Who is exposing what? What's going on in there that I don't know about. The women's bathroom sounds crazy As I have stated multiple times...there are massive gaps around the stall doors. The people using the toilet are exposed to anyone in the rest of the washroom. It isn't particularly private. So yes, it is common to see the other person sitting on the toilet. And if she happens to be putting in a tampon and you glance over at the wrong time, you're getting an eyefull by accidnt. I really don't know how much more clearly "the stall isn't private because you can see through gaps around the door" can be said. &gt; and fyi, there are unisex bathrooms all over where men and women both share the same bathroom and get undressed in front of each other. It's really not a big deal if society doesn't see it as one. Then I guess you have an issue with society as a whole. And until sociery changes, stop being annoyed with individuals for being comfortable with normalized behaviour and uncomfortable with abnormal behaviour. &gt; Well I think we have gone way far off the base of the discussion. This might be the one thing we can agree on, though likely not for the same reason. I can't keep trying to explain the same basic information over and over. I really don't know why it bothers you so much that some women might not want to pee or shit in the same room as you, especially when it the stalls aren't private.
You just described how I feel. I don't want kids. I *know* I don't want kids. But I'm too scared to get sterilized. Hell, I'm hesitant to even get an IUD! It isn't that weird though. I don't like pain, and IUDs sound super painful. So do surgeries. And speaking of surgery, the idea of being cut open and having bits removed for an optional procedure sounds incredibly scary. I know it's irrational compared to the risks of having kids. A c-section is *much* worse than sterilization. But still...it's so invasive! This is the one time I wish I was male lol. Vascetomies are simpler, faster, less invasive, and require minimal recovery.
How do you feel about a chilled udon bowl? The recipe I use is vegetarian, but you could prepare some shrimp and add that in as well. Technically you do need to do some cooking to boil noodles and sautee mushrooms, but it's fast enough that I don't mind in summer. Here: https://thecozyapron.com/chilled-garlic-sesame-udon-noodles/
I'm so glad you didn't resist posting! This gave me a much needed laugh :)
The place I'm renting also has old-school counters. I have a bamboo cutting board I put the plate on for a nicer background. If that's dirty, my coffee table is plain black so I use that. Ultimately it doesn't matter, your food looks delicious no matter where it's photographed! But sometimes it's nice to perfect the presentation.
&gt; First step is to go /r/vegan. You consider that the *first* step? That's pretty extreme. The reality is that most people won't do that...or worse, that they'll try and fail, and become discouraged. And the reason why many won't even consider it is because it's too extreme. Going vegan may be a future step (and it's a good one), but it definitely is NOT step one. It would be smarter encouraging people to *reduce* their meat consumption. That would be a real first step - one that they are likely to accomplish and stick with long-term. That gives them a first step they can build on and improve.
&gt; Do you have any advice on how I could have handled this? Saying it would be nice to see her (assuming that's true) would be a good start. Also, suggesting a good time for her to visit would have been better. And instead of randomly saying she can't stay for longer than two weeks, why not first ask how long she wanted to visit and then let her know your preference? Overall, you came across as very dismissive. Saying you'll be fine, it rains, she can't be there for more that two weeks...without any positives, it seems like you were actively trying discourage her from ever visiting. &gt; Or how do I make mends with her? Your cousin probably feels unwelcome. If that isn't true and you wouldn't mind having her there, let her know that. Text her, say she caught you at a bad time, and apologize for being a bit short. Let her know a month that might work for her to visit and suggest she come out for a week or two. If you actually don't want her to visit, well, I'm not sure how to fix that. It may be best to just let things be and not make it worse.
&gt;They put me on one that was supposed to mimic my cycle, and that one made me fucking hulk out Same! The one I was on was Tricyclen. It was *horrible*. I was either crying for no reason or feeling sudden and irrational rage. I stopped taking it when I almost assaulted my boyfriend for absolutely no reason - he had just done me a favour, and I suddenly wanted to punch him. That scared me, I clearly wasn't even myself anymore.
Why does the hip break? I thought there would need to be some sort of impact or trauma to cause that.
A week or two before the trip, leave the carrier out with the door open. This gives him time to sniff it and see that it isn't scary. If your cat like a treats, leave some inside the carrier occasionally. Spend a few bucks to get some carpet scraps with rubber backing. (Stores usually sell pieces ~~to~~ too small to use for cheap.) Cut that to size, and put it in the carrier. It'll make your cat more comfortable because he'll feel more secure - he can hold onto the carpet instead of sliding around with each turn. My practice is to not give him any food the hour before we left, because my boy always gets sick if he eats before a car ride. You may want to do something similar. Also, do you have a harness for your cat? If so, leave it on while he's in the carrier. If you have to stop partway to let him out (he may need water or a bathroom break on a long drive), attach a leash to the harness while the car doors are closed. Good luck!
&gt; he’s an adult male ...what makes you say that? OP mentioned having a wife, but doesn't say anything about being male or female. &gt; This girl has told him repeatedly she doesn’t like when he does this. He refuses to listen and continually decides to think he knows better. That’s weird. Yep! That's what makes OP the asshole. And it's why I agree OP went too far. But here's the thing: none of that makes it weird that teachers care about their students. It is normal for teachers to worry about their friendships, home life, etc. Teachers routinely spend their own money on buying classroom supplies for their students. And a lot of incredible teachers who make real differences in the lives of their students do so because they care. The issue is *how* OP behaves as a result of those concerns, not simply that OP cares and is concerned.
Yep, both links and usernames are displayed in blue for me. I didn't realize there was a link until your comment!
I use gravel pebbles! I started using them because some of my outdoor pots are cheap plastic, so the gravel helps weigh them down on windy days. But it works well for houseplants too, and it's cheaper than aquarium rocks.
Yeah, that seems accurate. Also, I really want to know what that's a video of!
Courtesy of /u/recipegatherer: https://m.imgur.com/a/zCQU51C
Those are definitely nice! My preference is 7 &gt; 4 &gt; 1 &gt; others.
So...NTA? Or NAH? I'm asking because your comment doesn't have a judgement in it.
Fair enough, family dynamics are relevant. But we aren't part of your family so this sub can't really take that into consideration. Even your summary here is just your perception of the family dynamic, another family member may describe it with a different nuance. Regardless, your comment rubbed me the wrong way. It certainly sounds like it bothered your mother as well. My comment, and several other comments here, explain why those words made you sound like an asshole. It may have not been your intention to be snarky and rude...but it sure reads that way anyways, and it seems like your mom interpreted it similarly. &gt; Also it's a little difficult to follow what you're trying to say when you refer to me as Male. I get it, it's not an issue or anything but I get a little confused following the conversation. Oops, sorry about that! I know Kaelin as a male name (with Kaelyn as a female variation), so I guess I jumped to assumptions.
Why is that though? Would it have been different if it was women? Either way, it's still prostitution, one isn't that be different than the other. Also, have you asked if he's even attracted to men? Most boys on the street who prostitute themselves have male customers because that's who's paying - that doesn't necessarily mean they enjoyed it or wanted to do it. And *why* was he a prostitute? Depending on where you live, he was likely a minor for some or all of that time. Was he living on the streets? Running from a bad situation? Do you care? You aren't an asshole for being shocked, or for not liking sex work. But the reasons why it being men bothers you and the way you're reacting does seem assholish. Depending on why this bothers you, it may mean you're homophobic.
Same... I always thought that noise was because the impact set off car alarms or building alarms. I heard it in most of the 9/11 footage I saw, but I didn't think it was significant. I never knew what it really meant. I can't imagine what the firefighters responding felt, knowing each alarm represented a fallen comrade. There are so many alarms.
A non-smoker would have refused to smoke it at all, especially on a date with a stranger. I don't think that's the concern. But...someone who is a social smoker? She likely would have accepted. And if it was laced? That could have been very, very bad. OP was smart to leave. This could have ended much worse - he had so many red flags flying.
That doesn't matter. The coworker needed to either make other arrangements, or tell management he couldn't go on the trip. And he should NEVER have blindsided OP with the situation, that was rude as well as inappropriate. A new parent may also face struggles and have no available caretaker. But if someone tries to bring a baby on a work trip, they're the asshole. This isn't any different.
Why not just message her and say that the room is not available anymore? It's fine to not want them to live there, but ghosting her was pretty rude. You should be able to sent a short message as a courtesy without commenting on the kid at all.
Well...fuck. Everything you've just said is horrifying.
Huh, that definitely isn't what I imagined. I didn't know that thin t-shirts made of wool existed.
Probably. My resting face is a slight smile, so that likely encourages strangers to chat with me.
Why 1738?
&gt; That woman is in survival mode, and just wants to get in and out as painlessly as possible. Well, she failed. NTA. She chose to only act like a parent to the baby, and it's that choice which created this whole situation. If she wanted to get in and out painlessly, she should have actually acted like a damn parent. Speaking of survival...it's a pediatrician office. For all we know, she could be sick or could have germy hands. Letting her touch some random baby's stuff was a massive fuck up by the other mom. I agree that it wouldn't necessarily be a learning experience where kids would develop social skills. But it was *definitely* a situation where the other lady needed to use parenting skills...and instead she just focused on her phone and ignored her kid being a brat. That makes the other mom the asshole.
That makes sense. If I saw someone wearing that shirt, I'd have to compliment it. I'm still disappointed I never got a house hippo of my own!
&gt; The two stared at each other, both pairs of nipples flexing to assert dominance. One of Dicklarge's balls contracted in deadly anticipation. I lost it at this part. It's a good thing I live alone because it made me burst out laughing. Thank you so much for sharing this!
Huh, I wouldn't mind trying this. Does the chicken taste like beer? Or does the beer impart any particular flavour?
Yes! I just went off birth control (the side effects were brutal) which means my SO is using condoms, and I'm delighted by how easy the clean up is. There's almost no mess! Also, I *finally* realized I don't hate condoms...I hate latex. We tried Skyn non-latex condoms and they were amazing.
I have issues with latex too. It makes me dry instantly no matter how much lube I use, and my vagina gets inflamed and itchy as if I have internal hives. Also, I would tear because of the dryness. I'm so glad latex-free condoms exist! I tried one for the first time last night and I didn't have any issues.
Not OC, but I also had pH issues with lube. I *highly* recommend Sliquid - it works incredibly well, feels good, and doesn't cause any pH issues for me. [This is the one I use](https://sliquid.com/shop/sliquid-naturals/naturals-water-based/sassy-sliquid-naturals/). You can read the full info on the site, but my selling points were that it's water based, glycerin/paraben free, and tells you the pH.
I'm jealous. My SO grabs a towel for me too, but my clean up isn't as simple as yours. I'm drippy and slimy for hours afterwards, and often still have that issue the next day! It's gross.
Well shit, I have no idea how I missed that. Thanks! I'll delete my comment.
&gt; although, obviously my friends nor me are not those guys With all due respect, this *may* be true but you can't know it. Most people don't expect their friends to be "those" guys...and yet, those guys exist. And when they're revealed, in many cases their friends/family are shocked by the relevation. Based on the size of your friend group, there's a decent chance it includes one of those guys and you just don't know it because, as a fellow guy, you'll never see that side of them. Keep in mind: *most women are sexually assaulted by someone they know and trust.* In most cases, that means friends, family, or romantic partner.
I'm cold. I'm always cold. So, if I have the opportunity to shower in a temperature approximating molten lava, I will - because then I will finally be warm. It's *glorious.*
I don't think OC was saying that the bird itself is extinct, but rather that birds trained to carry messages no longer exists. The role is gone, not the animal.
It is *very* obvious that OC's comment about literal death implies that the death is of a human (the aunt's son). Equating an animal's death to that of a human is not a logical argument. In fact, I'd say your argument appeals to emotion more than logic. And this approach is not persuasive because the two deaths are not nearly equal in importance.
They can be! I don't know how good it would taste, but...I can think of a few combos that sound yummy.
YTA To be clear, I don't think you're actually being an asshole in any way. I'm using "YTA" because I do think you're in the wrong. First, it's generally poor wedding manners to dress in a way that draws attention away from the happy couple. So, no white dress that looks bridal, no absurdly skimpy outfits, no neon clothing or features boas....and no gothic funeral gowns. Second, the dress you linked looks like a full-on mourning gown. It's pretty rude to wear a funeral outfit to a wedding - doing so suggests you don't approve of the marriage and you're making a statement against it. The ONLY way I would think this wasn't rude would be if you had checked with the bride about wearing this dress specifically. Now that you understand that wedding colours do not equal dress code, I hope you are able to find a non-funeral dress that still meets your personal taste and modesty. *You absolutely do NOT need to show your legs or breasts if you don't want to!* I know your mom expressed some concern, but as long as the dress you choose doesn't look like the bridesmaid dresses (feel free to contact one to ask what they're wearing if you're unsure), a long gown is still perfectly acceptable.
She may even be happy to know her ring isn't connected to any unethical mining practices! I know that would matter to me.
In other words, the kids will be safe and happy with her? NTA. This is a wonderful opportunity for you. Returning to the workforce after being a SAHP is *tough.* Taking this job will be good for the family, but also for you yourself it sounds like. There is no reason why you should risk losing it when there's a perfectly reasonable alternative available! It doesn't matter if grandma hates you and mom (or vice versa) as long as the kids will be fine with her.
&gt; I can see how it happens and why I avoided seriously dating anyone in the military. I damn near got caught up in it - my first serious relationship was with a military guy. Eventually I realized I'd have to give up my career if I stayed with him...so I left. It is very, very easy to understand how being a military spouse becomes their identity because marrying someone who is military erodes *everything* else in your life. Being military is an automatic dealbreaker for me as well now.
I'll admit that I personally am uncomfortable with a man in the woman's washroom for any reason, but it's ONLY because of those damn gaps around the stall door. I hate those gaps! If there was a proper door so we weren't able to make eye contact while I'm pooping, I wouldn't care. I would never say anything to the dad - after all, it isn't his fault that the stall designs lack privacy. But he can probably tell im uncomfortable; I won't use a stall until he leaves unless it's a large enough bathroom that I can put some distance between us.
You were *very* chill about it based on the post! That's why I didn't think you were actually being an asshole - you hadn't done anything assholish at all. I hope you can find a tea length dress that you love :)
I'm well aware of all of that. It's why I would never say or do anything to discourage a guy from bringing his daughter into the washroom. I don't care if it's to use the change table or because she's old enough to not want to go into the men's room - either way, it makes perfect sense. But why the hell do you think that matters? Him being there may have nothing to do with the stall gaps, *but the stall gaps still exist.* It doesn't matter that he's just there for his kid; it is still intensely uncomfortable to be undressed and pooping, only to make eye contact with a guy. His good intentions doesn't change the physical design of the bathroom stall. &gt; many will go out of the way to show you they aren't a threat. That's what I mean by a wild animal. Women treat us like that, we have to prove that we aren't dangerous in almost any situation, especially if we have dark skin. Goddamn, you are jumping to conclusions. *YOU are the only one making this about men being threatening - not me*. I'm not worried the random dad will attack me in front of his daughter. I just don't want to have my pants down in front of a man I don't know because that, in an of itself, is discomforting. Other social situations may be about being percieved as threatening. Per your example, I am wary of men walking behind me at night - and I absolutely do not apologize for that. But not wanting to drop trou in front of a dad with his kid is not a safety concern for me, so stop claiming that's my issue. It isn't. So fuck off with your nonsense, you're attributing an opinion to me that I do not hold. *Edit:* typos
I'd assume her other partner(s) liked it, that's all. It's just like if a guy tries to put his hand on my throat during sex. Maybe a previous partner enjoyed it, but I really HATE someone doing that without checking if it's okay first.
You may want to add this to your post. It's important information, and other jurisdictions don't have this option so it needs to be explained to readers. NTA btw.
The experience was definitely scary. He was putting pressure on my neck (choking me) and it panicked me. I almost punched him! I was pretty pissed off and made it clear that isn't okay to do to ANYONE unless he knew it was okay.
&gt; B) you still have to do housework if you live alone Right now, OP only has to do *her* housework. She doesn't have to clean up the mess created by a second person (a spouse that doesn't contribute) or all the work that comes with having kids. Saying "you still do housework" ignores what she's saying - she doesn't want to be stuck in a situation where she has to do all the *extra* work. &gt; I think it would be a little ridiculous to completely reject any possibility of falling in love and getting married to avoid housework. I think OP is making a good point: she'd rather be happy single than unhappy in a relationship. You're oversimplifying - OP wants to avoid a lifetime of inequality. Keep in mind that an unequal distribution of household responsibilities is one of the main issues which can cause friction in a relationship. Marrying and getting stuck in that situation will make her unhappy. So, barring a miracle where OP finds a guy who is willing to turn his back on the benefits his culture offers him (your option c), OP is understandably not inclined to marry.
You are NTA if you don't tell him while you're still trying to wrap your brain around this. It's a lot for you to come to terms with yourself. Similarly, you're NTA if you decide to abort and don't tell him. But like you said, if you keep it then you'll have to tell him. He deserves to know (given that it was a consensual relationship and you don't seem to have safety concerns). YTA if you keep the child and don't inform him.
&gt; A lot of what you are concluding though seems very speculative. I agree. Telling them that the new dog can't come over until his doggy social skills improve would be a better approach rather than focusing on him getting fixed. I doubt OP would want the dog over if he does get fixed but is still aggressive afterwards!
To steal from /u/penumbrette's comment: Imagine if someone said, “I could never date [Breacche] because they are just TOO good-looking. I’d spend all day staring at their beautiful face and would never get anything done!” Do you see how that's actually complimentary? It's a statement about how exceptional you are, and a joking comment about how the speaker would struggle to cope. Obviously it's an exaggeration (and the girl was probably laughing a bit as she said it), but it's still aimed at highlighting a positive quality that the speaker thinks you have.
Everything you've said is either wrong or irrelevant. First, complementing someone is not childish. Second, complementing someone is not playing hard to get. Third, it isn't acceptable to be rude to anyone for no reason. Fourth, OP being or not being interested in her doesn't matter because you don't need to have feelings for someone in order to accept a compliment.
It wouldn't be particularly difficult to keep them separated - people who break up live together for a similar period of time until one can move out. If you did that, you'd be an asshole too - same as OP. Her being an asshole first doesn't change the fact that kicking someone out of their home without any notice is presumptively an asshole move.
Depends - what do you want to use it for? If you're a woman and you want a water-based lube, I highly recommend Sliquid. It lasts a long time, you don't need to use very much, it doesn't contain glycerin or parabens, and it's pH balanced. In other words, you don't need to interrupt the action to reapply and you don't have to worry about a yeast infection. **ETA:** I just realized your username is "Mr" so you probably aren't a woman... Oh well, I'm leaving this up in case it helps someone else!
If a man was being cruel but not physically abusing the child? Yes, I would. I'd say he should stay im the basement or otherwise be separated, and should be told the locks will be changed by the end of the week. This isn't a gender issue. I simply think kicking someone out of their home in a non-emergency situation makes OP an asshole.
It's one of the main failings of this sub which mods suck at addressing. Every post on this sub becomes an echo chamber and contradicting opinions are downvoted into oblivion regardless of if they're on topic. I usually try to upvote opposing opinions that aren't rude, but that's a 'drop in the ocean' situation with all the downvotes people get.
Do you think that adults who break up but have to cohabitate never have children? Like I said, they can deal with it until the end of the week by OP keeping this woman away from his brother. It isn't an extreme enough situation that kicking her out without notice is warranted - she was mean to the kid, not violent. So, OP is being an asshole too.
&gt; I say girls because all were under 30 with no kids. Women. Those are *women*. They're adults who are holding down jobs at the same workplace you're at - they deserve the basic respect of not being called children. Do you also call 29 year old childless males "boys" instead of "men" then? Your logic is awful. Some women NEVER have children - either because they can't, or because they simply don't want kids. *They're still women.*
INFO: why does it bother you? Your post doesn't give a reason *why* you find it weird or uncomfortable to see him in his boxers.
Is your husband working in Fort Mac by any chance? It's the only place I've heard people speak so openly about using a baby to trap their boyfriend or girlfriend in a relationship. And I agree, it's an absolutely appalling way to behave.
&gt; There was a clergy member here who said he was a mandatory reporter, as are teachers. But attorneys are not. We are allowed to report in order to prevent harm, but not legally obligated to do so. I’m not sure as to doctors and nurses. So no, it’s not just “holy shit there’s a kid in danger, get me commissioner Gordon,” it’s more complex than that. That's interesting. I'm a practicing criminal lawyer in central Canada, and I *am* required to report (even if it breaches solicitor client privilege) if I believe both of the following: * the risk of harm to him/herself or someone else is imminent; and * the threat / risk is to a specific and identifiable individual This is the requirement set out by our Law Society. Is this not the case where you practice?
On the flip side, I'd say if it's a non-medical reason you should work with the kid instead of getting rid of the cat. This is the cat's home too now; rehoming should be a last resort. If dad takes the kid for a second opinion and the allergy test comes back negative so it's just a matter of discomfort...why not spend time helping him grow comfortable with the cat? It would require effort to help them bond, but it's a much better alternative. NTA...*but only IF it is not a genuine allergy*. YTA if he does have a medical reason.
Damn. That's the first explanation I've heard for using conversational text abbreviations that makes sense and doesn't boil down to laziness. Good to know!
In that case...congrats to your body for restoring balance on its own! Hopefully you don't have to deal with any more surprise pregnancies.
There are SIX bedrooms. 2 are rented. 1 is yours/your wife's (I assume you share). 1 is your son's. *That still leaves two rooms unclaimed.* Why would you insist on putting your MIL in a child's room instead of a different room? And yes, putting an adult in a child's bed or on an air mattress would make you TA when there are adult-sized beds available.
I think the bottom line would be that if you bring the kids, it's no longer a gift for her. It sounds like a fun outing! There's no reason it wouldn't be an awesome group event. But if you invite the kids, know that it is JUST an outing - not a date, and not a present for her. You won't necessarily be an asshole, but if you're trying to give a gift it should be about the recipient...and without extra guests of your choosing. This is especially true when she has specifically asked for this experience! Why not leave this night as a gift? It *is* supposed to be about her. If she enjoys it, the next time can include the little ones.
&gt; before this shit show the relationship was perfect. You let her go on hormonal birth control and kept your vasectomy a secret. Presumably she slept with someone else. In what way was this relationship perfect?? You treated her like shit (I'd be *furious* if a SO let me take the pill unnecessarily). And she's a cheater. You both sound like dishonest people so maybe you deserve each other - but your relationship was almost certainly not perfect.
OP withheld critical information which may have affected that choice. His silence about his vasectomy means she did not have all the information necessary to decide whether or not to take the pill. By staying silent about his vasectomy, OP denied her the ability to make an informed decision about her body. That makes OP an asshole.
I disagree. Her bodily autonomy was not respected throughout. She may have been on the pill before him, but she may have also been with other men before him. OP does not say she took the pill solely for non-contraceptive reasons. The knowledge that OP was infertile would then have been a very important piece of information for her to know when deciding if she still needs to take a contraceptive. OP's decision to stay silent about his vasectomy means she did not have all the information necessary to decide whether or not to take the pill. OP denied her the ability to make an informed decision about her body regarding birth control. As I said above, that makes OP an asshole.
At the end of the day, she may not have chosen to be on ANY hormonal birth control (even one with minimal or positive side effects) if OP had not withheld critical information. I don't think there is any way to frame this that doesn't leave OP an asshole. The necessity of birth control is an essential factor in the decision to use birth control. She was not avle to make an informed decisoon about her body because of his dishonesty. That means OP took away her agency over her own body - all I'm doing is pointing that out.
&gt;I’d keep taking the pill whether a hypothetical SO told me they had had a vasectomy or not. So...if you were provided all the relevant information about the necessity of using a contraceptive, you would then make an informed decision about your body? That's great. But that is exactly the opposite of what happened here. She was never given the opportunity to make that decision for herself because OP was dishonest. &gt; There’s plenty of reasons to be mad in this scenario at either party without diminishing the girlfriends autonomy lol. What autonomy? Oh, right, the autonomy that OP diminished her autonomy himself...when he withheld critical information that affected her and the medical choices sha may have made. OP's decision to stay silent about his vasectomy means she did *not* have all the information necessary to decide whether or not to take the pill. OP denied her the ability to make an informed decision about her body regarding birth control. That makes OP an asshole.
Right, she MAY have. We don't know. But she did not have the opportunity to make the decision about whether or not to continue using the pill solely for non-contraceptive reasons because OP was dishonest. I don't see your point in what you're arguing here. The fact that she could hypothetically have made an informed decision about her body to continue using the pill is utterly irrelevant when that scenario was never possible because of OP's silence.
&gt; i'd usually only ask a friend I think that's fine with someone you're close to. Admittedly, I'm biased...I do the same. It's an invasive question to ask an almost-stranger like this guy did though.
Oh wow. I checked out OP's profile to find full floof calico pictures, and found a while bunch of different foster kitten pics instead! They made my day.
I love how delicate their blooms are. I know it takes a lot of energy for them to flower, but I always let mine bloom anyways. If the plant starts to get a bit sad onxe the bloom fades, try putting a bag or container over it to increase humidity. That always helped mine recover.
&gt; If you’re not willing to spend the rest of your life with him, or give him the promise that you intend to spend the rest of your life with him, why should he choose you over his mother? If he isn't prepared to prioritize her desires of his mother's when it comes to their personal relationship...why on earth should she risk marrying him? I wouldn't. It suggests he'll *never* be able to separate himself from his parents. &gt; When you get married you have made a commitment and say you plan and want to spend the rest of your life with someone. Moving in together to see if it works is basically saying I love you unless you annoy me too much You get to know someone a lot better when you live with them. You learn their financial habits, see if they keep up their share of the housework, etc. These are factors which often lead to divorce it's best to work them out before marrying. Living together before marriage means you KNOW you can commit to a life with that person...instead of just crossing your fingers and hoping which is what marrying first is essentially.
Exactly, the way she's doing this isn't sanitary. If it was a pot, I'd say OP is being TA and needs to get over it. The cup has already been cleaned out, so it wouldn't be worse than cooking meat. Also, you can't use a pot without opening it and seeing what's inside. But using a kettle instead isn't sanitary. Kettles are also more difficult to wash. And using a kettle creates a situation where someone could pour out water for tea without realizing her cup is in it. She's just being gross. OP, tell her to use a pot like she's supposed to.
&gt; I'm not a woman, but if I were for some reason in need of cleaning a product used near my privates like that, my immediate reaction would be to use something specifically for this purpose, and not to use an item I also use for cooking. I am a woman, and I definitely would use a normal soup pot. It seems silly to require a separate pot just for a cup. Look, the cup is washed out before it goes into the pot to be sanitized. Cooking meat is less hygienic. So why would it be okay to put raw meat in a pot, but gross to put a cleaned out cup in one? It all gets washed in the end - and the pot with the menstrual cup is filled with boiling water first, so it's likely cleaner. People here just have mental hangups. A separate pot is unnecessary. (A kettle, however, is a different issue - it doesn't hold the temperature long enough, and is tricky to clean thoroughly.)
And that's normal. You use a pot and wash it afterwards. If you didn't clean it afterwards (like the kettle), then it would be an issue.
I sincerely doubt his limp dick was a dominance display. There is nothing about a floppy dong that says dominance.
Fair enough. It does remove a rather important nuance to the current adoption conversation unfortunately, but I understand that it can be difficult to find a balance between stifling discussion and preventing that discussion from going too far. I appreciate the explanation!
I highly recommend Easy@Home brand - they pull their stock off the shelves within 6mths of the expiry date. That means I can buy a pack of several tests without worrying they'll expire before I can use them. That being said, I do routine pregnancy tests so I go through tests a lot faster than most people lol.
Yup! It stands for "Social Insurance Number"...which makes the "number" I added afterwards completely redundant. What does the second "S" stand for in the US one?
&gt; I don't get why some people can't seemingly understand that a cool down period may be needed in between an argument and hashing it out. Have you clearly communicated that need? And explained that you aren't asking to drop the issue entirely because you understand it *will* need to be discussed soon? People aren't mind readers. If they process their anger differently, they won't intuitively understand your need for a cool down period.
&gt; we are painfully honest And this is why I vote YTA. It wasn't wrong to be honest...but you didn't need to cause pain. You didn't need to be cruel. You didn't need to phrase your opinion as brutally as possible. Your honesty isn't the issue; your phrasing was. You were rude. You could have been honest without being disrespectful and hurting her feelings, but you didn't bother to treat her with that respect. That makes you TA. Brutal honestly is an unpleasant personality trait. Learn to be honest without being an asshole about it.
&gt; But I won't lie; nothing was more important in the moment than keeping myself and my family out of crippling debt. Not blood in the Uber, not even my own safety. &gt; Debt here is a long slow death i wouldn't wish on anyone, especially not my family The problem is that you passed that financial risk onto the Uber driver instead. If you bled in the vehicle, that's a biohazard (not to mention difficult to clean depending on the surface). It would need to be cleaned thoroughly before he could use the vehicle...and that vehicle is his livelihood. The cleaning costs, the lack of income while his vehicle was unavailable, all of that amounts to financial loss. You have *no idea* what his situation was. He may have been in a tough situation too, and being able to work could be the difference between buying groceries or not. Or rent. Or keeping the lights on. Whether you meant to or not, you didn't give him a choice. You thought only of yourself, and in doing so, you put him at risk instead. I don't blame you for the choice *in the moment* (because you may not have been thinking clearly given your injury). But you were TA, and you will continue to be TA if you continue to defend the choice or act the same way in the future.
This is such an odd comment to see downvoted! You aren't being cruel to OP in your judgement - you're actually wishing him well and acknowledging that he's taking positive steps. Reddit is weird sometimes.
If the bacteria was boiled away it wouldn't be such an issue! One of the main problems was that electric kettles shut off after coming to a boil so it wouldn't have stayed at temperature.
If you start washing them EVERY time *and* if you store them in a way that prevents them dripping on anything while drying (in addition to being out of reach), you're NTA. You may be rather odd in how you clean your asshole, but you yourself are probably not an asshole.
NAH. She wasn't cheating so she isn't an asshole. You're simply concerned about your health so you aren't an asshole either. Both of you are allowed to have relationship sealbreakers; if this is one of your dealbreakers, that's fine. However, you should do some research so you can make an informed decision. Look into rates of transmission and antiviral treatment. If the risk is still more than you can accept, or if she won't (or can't) manage it through treatment, then at least you know you thought it through and didn't make a rash decision.
Yep, and the jar is massive (in true Costco style). I just checked mine, and it's 454g. IIRC, it cost $10 which is great since the smaller jars are usually $7-8 where I live.
I'm seeing this late, but in case you haven't already worked your way through the garlic...you can freeze it. I buy my garlic in bulk because grocery stores near me vary in quality so i stock up when they have nice garlic. Just peel off the loose skin and break the head down into individual cloves. (Leave the layer of garlic skin wrapped around each individual clove - that layer is extremely easy to remove from frozen garlic.) Put the cloves in a freezer bag and you're set for months. It won't lose potency, and you can chop the garlic from frozen.
If OC linked the study instead of just quoting it, we could judge for ourselves to see if these factors were controlled for. Since they didn't, it seems they're cherry picking information without letting people assess how strong the source is. I'm offering a logical explanation which would make sense of an odd phenomena being claimed by OP. And I'm being skeptical of a random quote being offered without any indication of how the study was conducted. It makes sense that others upvoted. And it makes sense that a quote without a source would be downvoted.
&gt; Surely it's nice for parent to not be around kids for a meal anyway? This is what baffles me too. Wouldn't parents like to have a date night at a nice restaurant and *not* have to hear someone else's kids because those parents didn't get a babysitter? I think parents should value those adult spaces as much as we do!
&gt; But I think a lot of them also just want to ask... Why? I'm sure they do. But that curiosity should not be valued more than the birth parent's privacy. That child may be the product of violence, a rape baby or the baby or an abusive partner. Regardless of why the birth mom went through with the pregnancy (assuming she had a choice), she should have the right to close that chapter of her life forever. She should not have to relive that nightmare just to tell that child they weren't wanted because they're a reminder of the worst part of her life. &gt; And why protect the person who discarded this kid. &gt; I feel no sympathy for these parents who are now being outed. Sue me. Again, you seem overly emotional. People who give their babies up for adoption are not horrible monsters who don't deserve rights. You are demonizing people for no reason. The people who give their kids up are teen moms who didn't know what to do, they're rape victims who couldn't face their pregnancy, they're religious people who consider abortion to be murder, they're women who didn't know they were pregnant until it was too late to abort. &gt; Foster care sucks. Both could be avoided. I don't know what "life being hard" has to do with it. I agree that foster care sucks (but not that it could be avoided - that's a huge assunption you're making). I work in the criminal justice system and the overlap is significant. But...that doesn't matter. Just because foster care sucks, an adoptee should not get to invade their birth parents privacy. No other shitty life wins you that right. If your life sucks in other ways (abusive family, sex assault victim, life of poverty), you don't get the power to invade other people's lives or private information. So like I said, adoptees should be able to access medical information and NOTHING more unless the birth parent is on board. And yes, that sucks. It's frustrating. But again, that's life. If you are so incapable of sympathy for people who gave their child up for adoption...why do you expect anyone to care what your or your dad feel? You're wearing emotional blinders here, and that frustration is tainting your perspective. The reality is that people who put their kids up for adoption *do* matter too, not just the adoptees. And the birth parents' rights shouldn't be trampled on without care just because an adoptee wants their curiosity satisfied.
INFO: how long a trip do you plan to take? And will you be in contact with your girlfriend while on the trip? As a side note, I take solo trips occasionally (even while in a relationship) and I always enjoy them. I recently took a solo trip to Japan. It was a wonderful place to travel alone, so I highly recommend it - just make sure you get a SIM card or Pocket Wi-Fi so you can use internet to figure out the train system!
...yes, so what? Some parents will never swear in front of their children. I know mine didn't. Others, like my mom's friend, swear like a drunken sailor including in front of their kids. That's a parenting decision, not an objective issue. Also, it is utterly irrelevant. OP was not unhappy that she swore in front of a child. He hasn't expressed any issues with the use of swear words. You're just trying so hard to make this her fault instead of acknowledging that angrily yelling at his spouse for no reason was wrong that you're making up things to criticize her for. Get over yourself.
I agree! That would be a good way to handle this while respecting the interests of all parties. Sadly...I don't have faith that this will be handled with that level of consideration. I do wonder what the response will be. Has a birth parent in such a situation ever alledged that this is a breach of contract and sued the state?
&gt; He randomly makes chicken noises. And his "angry chicken" somehow sounds oddly russian lol. The mental image of a random dude walking around the kitchen and squawking like an angry Russian chicken is *amazing*. I woke my cat up laughing.Thank you for sharing!
&gt; There's less concern about temperature management when packing plant-based meals. I was just thinking that, assuming I didn't use dairy, I'm *far* less concerned about food safety if I forgot to put a veggie meal in the fridge.
I thought that too! OP said it's actually frosting which makes a lot more sense.
Well sure, if the person looks happy then it's obvious! Same with if she bursts into sad tears. But...that doesn't always happen. Sometimes they just look uncertain or vaguely worried. I'm not about to presume she wants the pregnancy and is happy then - that's just rude. Asking if it's good or bad news and then responding appropriately is a much better approach.
Damn. I previously thought this was a N-T-A situation, but now I'm voting ESH because you aren't doing enough to protect your child here. This is happening every day, possibly multiple times a day, and you call him out for it...but when nothing changes, that's it? Where is the line in the sand for you, will you only do more than talk if he physically hurts the baby? I know ultimatums get a bad rap, but sometimes they're just about having boundaries. Either he gets help to learn to manage his frustration in a healthy way, or you'll take the baby and stay with a friend / family member until he can be trusted to be around the baby. His behaviour is unacceptable, and you need to be more direct in how you address it. Continuing as you are now means you're allowing it to keep happening.
Toddlers go through this sometimes, it's called sleep regression. If yours didn't, consider yourself lucky! Based on what I've heard from a few parents, it's miserable (though that doesn't excuse screaming at the kid).
Oh, I struggled with the names too. If you're going to use fake names, they should start with different letters!
My cat (indoor only) doesn't push anything off my table or counters thankfully! But she will chase things that are on the floor. If you throw a tinfoil ball on the floor, your cats won't play with it? Are they older cats maybe?
I had the same reaction! I figured OP would have to be insane to pass up that plant for only £6. But...it's definitely the plant on the shelf. The sign even has a photo of whatever that plant is on it.
...how do you know OP is paying for the exam? I don't see costs mentioned, nor does OP say what country this happened in.
Well, other dairy sources may be important too... But I eat ice cream regularly along with being a glutton for an assortment of cheeses and I'm still a member of the IBTC! Maybe we just need even more ice cream in our lives? And cheese cake?
&gt; I've hit not quite cat's but carefully over b's Hi, I'm not a doctor but if you develop cats on your chest you may want to see one - that doesn't sound *quite* normal.
It's pretty basic, but here's a suggestion for how you may handle option 4 if someone chooses it: *Good evening Ms X,* *I do hope this message is not too forthright, but the truth is, you have caught my eye. Your images show you to be a woman whose features are quite pleasing to gaze upon. And to my delight, I find you have an interest in Y - a passion which I share.* *Should my interest in you be returned, I would be charmed if you would agree to meet for a hot beverage.* *With warm regards,* *OP*
&gt; Like i hate talking about myself (mainly cuz i dont want to seem like i am bragging or whatever) but i am an open book If you don't include anything in your profile about yourself...why would I want to ask about that book? I would rather message someone where the conversation starts off being interesting. Sending a generic "hi" isn't my style, and neither is sending a boring "How's your weekend going?" in the hopes it will eventually turn into an interesting conversation. If I can't think of something interesting to ask about your profile or photos...more likely than not, I'll just swipe left on you and message someone else instead.
Why the hell *wouldn't* you have to be polite? I'm a woman, and I'd call a woman an asshole if she acted the same way as OP. He was a jerk. The person who sat down hadn't done anything wrong - there was no need to be an asshole. It would fine to *politely* ask that person to move. So yes, YTA if you jump straight to being rude...just like I said YTA to OP.
And you, apparently, don't. Or you dont care. Expecting her to lie to people she wants a relationship with is unreasonable. And you have several days left; going out for a few hours shouldn't have been a big deal - especially since you could have gone *with* her. That would have been the smart compromise if other spouses were welcome. Instead, you picked a fight and ruined the time you have left together.
Oh, I thought you were the instructor for some reason - I definitely misread the post! NAH then (as long as you apologize to her). This is a good lesson for you though: if someone says they can't do something, ask *why* instesd of just assuming the reason.
Your friend was right to insist - it's a great colour on you! And because it's so bold a colour, when combined with your strappy shoes and your makeup (nice lipstick btw) you look really carefree and confident. I read you explanation of the explosion (getting blown up, getting hit by a car, and *still* walking to work after) and you sound like a force of nature.
If I knew this while working retail, I'd be tempted to covertly release balloons at work just so I could volunteer to shoot them down!
Of all the changes to reverse, why target one that's clearly for the benefit of schoolchildren? That's insane. Wanting kids to have healthy food available at school really shouldn't be controversial regardless of your political views.
&gt; The fact the husband could put himself together enough to marry again, let alone have another child speaks to his resiliency. Except...he wasn't able to do that. He is shunning his newborn child. And his wife (OP's cousin) has said she would not have had a child with him yet had she known the truth. That's why this is firmly ESH for me. He withheld critical information which, painful or not, *needed* to be disclosed to his wife since it clearly affects her too. He failed to do so, and how his family is imploding because of his dishonesty. Withholding information like that is a breach of the trust that a marriage is built on. But she is jumping to divorce too quickly. This should be something they can work through together with compassion - assuming he is prepared to be honest and seek help. *Edit:* clarified 2nd paragraph
Just so you know, tagging a person doesn't work the same way in reddit as in Facebook or Instagram. You need to put "/u/" in front of their username instead of "@." For example: /u/Rizzie24.
Haha, no problem. You're welcome :)
You need to drink better green tea then!
Compliments on someone's body (excluding haircuts or facial hair) are more likely to be taken as flirting unfortunately. I personally wouldn't say that type of compliment to a coworker. I would say it to a friend though because that's a more personal relationship, and I trust my friends to know I'm not suddenly hitting on them.
...is this even possible in an apartment? I like the idea of each person having their own personal space in a house, but I'm not sure how OP could do this in her situation.
What do you do for work? I can't help, but the guys here may be able to give more specific advice if they know what you put your hands through.
See, I like the idea of each person having an "extra space" room that's theirs - but like I said, that only works well in house. You guys had an extra bedroom though which made that an option. But only one person having a say for a shared bedroom sounds *terrible*! That basically just makes it her bedroom where you were a guest. Same with the living space being solely hers. And one person claiming the kitchen seems incredibly impractical (unless you were the only one who cooked ever).
That's what someone else pointed out too. And fair enough, that's completely doable in an apartment!
Or Joy and Ire maybe.
If that shift was so desirable, you shouldn't have had any issue getting someone to cover it. Instead, you let other staff leave before her without even asking them to take her shift. And you should have made the request yourself instead of leaving it to her since it carries more weight coming from a manager...and since staff scheduling is a manager's responsibility, not hers. You fucked up. You let someone how is sick serve food to the public. The other manager is right - that IS a health code violation. If you can't understand that, you don't deserve your job. And the other manager was right to say that if you couldn't find someone to cover her shift, you should have sent her home and covered it yourself or had the bartender assist. That's what a *competent* manager would do - stop defending your poor choice and start listening to advice from someone who knows how to manage.
&gt; The series was born from the imagination of Rachel Rener, who spent way too many years working oppressive desk jobs before she realized it was time to quit and write The Awakening, her debut novel. Ooph, too real... I have an office job as well and some days it feels as though work is draining my soul. Congrats on finishing your trilogy! That alone is a huge accomplishment even if you weren't published.
INFO: did you essentially replace your front yard with a driveway? Or am I imagining this incorrectly?
I disagree. I have no issue eating a hen's egg, but I *would* feel guilty about eating this egg. Hens are not an endangered species. &gt; While not yet extinct the number of the African penguin has been declining in recent years and it is classified as “endangered”. [Source.](https://endangeredlist.org/animal/african-penguin/)
He's gorgeous! And he looks so contented in those photos - especially the one of him snoozing on the red blanket. Funny enough, my second cat (a small 2yr old female) has almost identical coloration to him. I'm so sorry for your loss. It certainly looks like he had a very happy life with you two; I'm glad your wife found him when she did.
Perhaps - but that doesn't mean she should continue to allow him to stay in her home and be cruel to her. If, at some future date, the stepson "becomes un-brainwashed" and wants to repair their relationship then they can navigate that path later. For now, her home should be somewhere she feels safe. I think it's important to note that OP doesn't appear to be trying to stop her husband from having a relationship with his son; she's just drawing a boundary for herself.
YouTube link: https://youtu.be/ce1rnK18MHs
You're posting on a public forum so...yes, you were talking to me and everyone else. You're welcome to talk about Americans idolize gun ownership. I'm welcome to tell you why that sounds absurd to the rest of the world. Oh, and in no way have I spoken against anyone's rights. If you think my choice to speak as freely as you did somehow erodes your rights, well, that's your delusion. I guess that's just an American thing, hm?
They can take steps towards reconciliation WITHOUT allowing the stepson to live there. There is absolutely no reason why OP should have to live with someone who has tormented. There is a middle ground - and that would be the dad working to help his son. This is HIS responsibility more than anyone else's. He needs to take steps to combat the brainwashing of his ex before OP should he involved in any way.
...Oh. Right. That makes perfect sense, for some reason I just didn't think of it! Thanks :)
He made a false allegation against OP which cost OP her business. That isn't the sort of error that can be fixed with a simple "I'm sorry." OP should not have to walk on eggshells in her own home. And she shouldn't have to risk further attacks by him. Telling the son, "No, you can't live here because of your behaviour towards your stepmom" is more reasonable that ignoring your wife's line in the sand at how much destruction has been caused in her life. OP's husband risks ruining his marriage permanently if he doesn't respect the need for a boundary here. And his son is 19 - they can maintain a relationship without him needing to live there. As for saying the dad needs to step up is ignorant...how so? OP is clearly hurt. She is not ready to reconcile yet. And it sounds like (based on her comments) the dad has been turning a blind eye to much of the harm his son has been causing. So yes, this IS his responsibility more than anyone else's. He needs to get involved, to work with his son, and to help his son realize his behaviour has been unacceptable. *Only then* should he reasonably expect any type of reconciliation with OP to be possible. Note, my comment isn't about OP being "just" a stepparent or anything else along that line. I'm placing the responsibility at the dad's feet because it sounds like, so far, he has tried to stay neutral and uninvolved. That isn't fair to OP *and* it won't help his son. He needs to hold his son accountable.
You keep her separate from your personal life and are talking about "taking it slow." *You're married,* and you've been together for 5 years - you're well past the time to take things slowly! This is absurd. If your marriage breaks down, it will likely be because she wasn't welcomed into the family and you didn't stand up for her, and because you were distant with her and act as though you're not fully committed. Should you mom be isolated from your dad's family? Should they avoid photos together? After all, your mom *could* still divorce your dad...there's never any guarantee. You're treating your marriage as if it's just the prep work for a divorce. The way you're treating her is awful - you sound like you're keeping one foot out the door. YTA.
&gt; Do not make a habit of repeating this, or letting your kids ever hear a whiff of this as it could be extremely damaging. Every kid needs to feel wanted as well as loved. It seems extremely unfair to silence OP and to tell her that she should just stuff these feelings down instead of speaking about them. Her children *are* loved. Expressing that life wasn't perfect won't change that or damage them. OP can regret the circumstances which lead to their current situation and she can let her children know that as they get older. It won't make them feel unloved. However, knowing that reality may help them appreciate the struggles she faced and it may even serve as a lesson so they don't repeat her mistakes.
Are you making that clear to people though? A gift registry implies that those items are the items you want - not other gifts. If you don't clearly establish that you have no expectation of gifts, people may feel socially obligated to bring one if they come. I know showing up at a baby shower empty handed would be considered rude.
Then I see no issue with it. Give your child a name that you like and that holds meaning for you! Your family will need to deal with it if they want a relationship with the baby. NTA.
No, it isn't... They explain why it's NTA instead of NAH in the first line.
How was your comment even a joke? It just sounds like you were complaining about his class.
I don't really agree with someone simply blaming genetics, that's usually just bad science. But...childbirth? That may be a fair culprit. Pregnancy and childbirth can have lasting effects - and they affect each woman differently. For example, I was surprised to learn is fairly common for the woman's abdominal muscles to tear/split! This results in a belly pouch that often won't go away without surgical repair (which most women don't get) no matter how much you diet or exercise.
Is "6 medium russet or gold potatoes (or whatever you really wanna use)" the first line of your recipe? If so, we're good :)
How is it possible that the person who uttered that also said, &gt; "To embrace the possibilities of tomorrow, we must reject the perennial prophets of doom and their predictions of the apocalypse.” I mean, I don't agree with his point here but at least the thought itself is rather eloquent! And then we read the line you quoted and he sounds like a confused child. It's so strange. *Edit:* I know the statement I quoted was likely prepared unlike his other comment. I'm just marvelling at the difference.
He's so tiny! I thought that was a photo of him as a kitten at first.
That's absolutely gorgeous. How durable is it? I'd be worried I'd damage a non-metal ring.
NAH. You should have handed the chocolates out on Maggie's day off (or otherwise just not in front of her). But I agree with not giving her the chocolates. Maggie wasn't a part of the "overtime team," and that's who this appreciation is for. She simply didn't do anything beyond what was required, so there is no reason to give her something as a special acknowledgement Mind you, I understand why she may be upset or feel singled out. Unless she keeps harping on it, she isn't an asshole just for having feeling. But it makes sense that she doesn't get a gift - she made different choices. She doesn't get to demand a gift that was being given to the "overtime team" when she never put in that overtime.
Are they sure it isn't just pretending? With a name like that, maybe it has white fur underneath and they're just being tricked...
Your argument basically boils down to "but she's a mom." That's silly - *so was everyone else.* Only OP and one other team member doesn't have kids...so it is irrelevant that she's a mom. It isn't that she isn't as good as the rest of the team (she may be very skilled). It's that she wasn't as dedicated and she didn't make any extra efforts - so she doesn't deserve any extra recognition. She was free to make that choice, but the result is that there was nothing special to thank her for. OP was thanking the overtime team. She wasn't an overtime team member. That was her choice to make, but she shouldn't complain when people who make other choices get a different acknowledgement.
I think the person you're responding to was concerned about it sticking to the diaper, not the baby lol.
Chicken pieces perhaps, but I believe OP is talking about roasting a whole chicken. That won't fit in a stasher bag.
&gt; i won’t be releasing it anytime soon Unless the relationship ends, you should talk to her about not releasing it at all. If she is not comfortable with your relationship together being public, you need to respect that. Also...if the relationship does end, at least have the decency to wait a while. Taylor Swift is notorious for her break up songs and even she waits several months before insulting someone! And since no one has pointed this out, I find it incredibly ironic that *you* behaved in a narrowminded and selfish manner about a song calling *her* selfish.
If you aren't willing to accommodate reasonable requests such as not cooking at midnight...YTA. You shouldn't live with roommates if you're too stubborn and set in your ways to adjust for other people.
&gt; To even think that's possible would indicate that OP's mom doesn't have a brother. &gt; Family are on the complete opposite side of the brain. I think it's disgusting you're acting as if this never happens. When a girl is sexually assaulted as a child, statistically the abuser is a family member or a close family friend - and yes, that includes brothers. I'm a survivor of longterm sexual abuse as a child. My own brother molested me when we were kids. It happens. So while I'm glad you never wanted to abuse your sister, you're ignoring a LOT of victims who were not so lucky. Family isn't always "on the opposite side of the brain" for people. Sometimes family is who they have the most access to, so family is at greatest risk.
If you want your family to take you seriously, tone down the dramatics. You need to have a *calm* discussion - and you need to actually have reasons why you prefer darkness. Try making a list; if lights make you uncomfortable, write down exactly why they're uncomfortable and describe how it feels. I'm tempted to say YTA just because of how poorly you have handled this situation. You aren't an asshole for having a preference, but raging at your family for their different preference while you live in their home is just rude! That being said, you seem very young and immature so NAH may be appropriate...though if you continue to snap at them, you're definitely TA regardless of your age.
Instead of clicking the speech bubble to reply to a comment, hit the star instead.
Interesting... Do you season the oats with anything?
If OP wants to sit and these guys are taking up 2 or 3 seats, then yes, it clearly is OP's concern.
Why would you throw the rest out? That's unnecessarily wasteful. If you buy too large a pack of spices because it's cheaper, give the excess to a friend or family member. It'll save them money too and you aren't being horribly wasteful for no reason.
&gt; My hobby is video games so I can do that and still be at home. It doesn't require me to leave my family every night. The important detail here is that you have a hobby which allows you to take time for yourself. And yet you begrudge her for the same! She is gone 10 hours a week. Of that time, 4 hours are with the eldest - so that's bonding time, and it sounds like she'd be there anyways. That means she takes a grand total of *6 measly hours* to herself and you're complaining?? YTA. You are a parent too - so be a parent. You have one task, that's all. And given your description, you do not spend enough time with your kids; they cooperate with her because she has worked hard to achieve that. Step up, act like a father, and use those 6-10 hours a week to actually create a relationship with your children. Instead of complaining, you should see this as quality dad time!
&gt; Really it’s my lack of peelable egg cooking skills - they always stick Let me guess...you add your eggs to a pot of cold water and bring them to a boil together? If so, try boiling the water first and then adding the eggs into it. Heating the proteins quickly causes them to curl in on themselves instead of bonding with the shell! Source: https://www.seriouseats.com/2014/05/the-secrets-to-peeling-hard-boiled-eggs.html
&gt; I just suggest you follow basic cookie tips, such as refrigerating the dough before baking, splitting the scoops and jamming them together with the split side up What do you mean by "splitting the scoops" exactly? I don't think I've ever heard of that.
The mental image this creates is...vivid. I think I can smell the funk from here!
&gt; Omg exposure therapy no fucking way. I'm laughing way too hard at this reaction because I completely relate. I have arachnophobia too (though it isn't as bad as you) and I had the exact same response. Willingly letting a spider touch me?? Oh *hell* no.
She's wearing headphones. They're black so they're hard to see at first.
They aren't in Canada... Where do you live that does that? Do they pay donors then?
Non-American here. How often does that happen?
&gt; if it's getting to the "end" I simply wrap whats left with some garlic into a pastry and freeze it for later. I'd love it if you could elaborate a bit. Do you just bake it afterwards and have a feta stuffed pastry? Do you use puff pastry or sormyhug else? I often struggle to use feta up before it goes bad, and I have to buy it in small quantities otherwise I just throw it away when it spoils. I like the idea of something I can freeze for later instead.
Wait, *why*? That's basically like posting your bank statement on social media. Why do people want that to be public info?
I'm not vegan, but aquafaba is the best vegan egg replacement available for baking (imo). About half of the recipes I saw when I googled "vegan Yorkshire pudding" had aquafaba in them. I highly recommend choosing one of those if you want to try and make this.
I was with you on breastfeeding being natural etc but these statements... &gt; It’s 100% up to her to decide what she is comfortable with. &gt; If mom is comfortable and baby is being fed then the opinion of other people really doesn’t matter. Nope! Not in someone else's home. The homeowners definitely get a say - and if that makes the mom feel uncomfortable or causes issues, she is free to leave. Personally, I would not be okay with someone breastfeeding on the couch. If a friend just whipped her shirt up and started trying to do that, I'd tell her not to. I have absolutely *no* desire to clean up the mess if the baby latches badly - she can go into the kitchen where all the surfaces can be wiped down easily. And hey, as the person whose home it is...it is MY right to say that. Saying the mom should get final say in someone else's house is just silly. Should we let parents change their kid's diaper on the couch too if they're comfortable with that? ...Not a chance, not in my nice home.
Do you just ask if things are vegan, or do you actually check the ingredients like I suggested? I'm sorry, but I see absolutely no way someone could reasonably plan to attend a non-vegan dinner party and not be capable of confirming the food is fine to eat. If you have intolerances, I would expect you to take the same precautions by checking all ingredients and asking questions about the preparation. They may overlook something, but you (and she) shouldn't.
I read your more detailed comments. That sounds...like a logical way to cope with a rather dysfunctional system. In Canada, people donate for free and it is supplied to the hospital (many clinics are right beside a hospital). The patient received the donated blood without any direct charge. Any expense incurred by the hospital is covered by our healthcare system, just like it would be for any other treatment. Since you seem knowledgeable about this, I have a followup question if you don't mind. I wonder, do hospitals in the US tend to keep less blood on hand because it affects their bottom line? Blood doesn't have a long shelf life, so I can see it being a waste whoever balances their budget may wish to trim. Or is it still stocked with excess because blood is typically an "in demand" product?
&gt; You’re acting like people don’t just throw in extra ingredients all the time, or forget things they put in. No, I'm acting like people can tell you if they followed the recipe *exactly* or not...which they can. Even if they don't know what they did differently, they can say they added something else - until there's trust in their cooking, this is a warning. And if they did follow the recipe, it's easy. &gt; For example, some people add margarine assuming all margarine is vegan when it isn’t, and maybe they threw out the packaging. What do you do then? Simple: you ask about exactly that. My family cooks with butter often. We also have a family member who is extremely lactose intolerant. So, she'll always ask if lactose free butter was used. If they can't show her the package or don't explicitly say that they bought the butter that says "lactose free" on it...she won't eat it. I don't see this situation as being different from having ANY other food allergy. You take the same precautions. And if you aren't satisfied, that's fine - but with a few simple questions, many concerns can be addressed. And if this friend wasn't willing to take responsibility for those steps, she should never have accepted OP's dinner invitation - or she should have brought her own food.
Same...or they'd think I was mocking her accent because it sounds awful when I say it! I'm going to stick with the English pronunciation on this one (unless by some fluke I meet her).
&gt; you would think they would come to you so you don’t have to lose as much where they have not much to lose At the very least, you'd expect them to be open to the possibility of being the one who moves. Expecting OP to move just to avoid any inconvenience (even if the impact on OP is greater) sounds *very* entitled!
Huh, that actually looks good. The name makes it sound like some sort of witches brew...I half expected to see "eye of newt" on the ingredient list!
That's entirely possible! But my judgement is based on the post - not other scenarios I can imagine. Certainly if she was concerned because they'd no longer be able to make mortgage payments (or meet any other expenses) then I would not call her an asshole.
I thought maybe the kid had severe autism - routine can be very important to kids on the spectrum, especially when they're young. But OP said the kid has ADHD! As far as I'm aware, ADHD does not require a strict schedule to cope. That poor kid, he is being micromanaged every second of every day by his mom and I doubt it's necessary. Worse, he is being isolated by his mom.
It does! I take it you haven't heard of "alien hand syndrome" then. Here is one example: &gt;An 81 year old right handed woman, with an unremarkable medical history, developed spells of left face, arm, and leg tingling. [...] On the second day, she complained that her left hand was acting as if under someone else’s control; it hit her face and head and she reported that she was afraid of it. &gt; She held her left hand with the right, claiming to keep “him” from hitting her. When asked what trouble brought her to the hospital, she said that her “left hand tried to strangle her”. [Source.](https://jnnp.bmj.com/content/65/3/366.full)
I think OC misspoke. It isn't that someone who hasn't given birth shouldn't have an IUD, it's that the insertion is much easier after having given birth. I'm 27 and childfree. The thought of an IUD insertion without *strong* painkillers makes me break into a cold sweat. I cannot imagine making an EIGHT year old endure that pain! And I don't know if it would even be safe - at that age, there would likely be a greater risk of uterine perforation.
&gt; these are the people who raised OP, they didn't complain about OP shitting all over the floor when he was younger. You say that as if it's a gift to OP, rather than the choice they made when they decided to have a kid... Since having a baby is a parent's choice, not the child's, parents should never feel entitled to hold the child's existence over the child's head. I'd say the fact that OP is 23 and living at home is far more relevant - it's why I agree with the ESH verdict. That's something that actually goes beyond the basic expectations of parenthood which are part and parcel of having a child. Cleaning up poop and raising your child doesn't, it's literally just part of the package.
Based on OP's comments as well as the post, this is what I've gathered: * OP hasn't clarified any of this information and is assuming a 7 year old is a reliable narrator * they never had the 17 year old do a test run babysitting before leaving a teen alone with their child all weekend * they didn't have a plan for meals and didn't leave any food prepped, and OP just assumed the teen would order in * the kid likes to cook and likely would have said she could; the teen had limited babysitting experience and no weekend experience * and OP doesn't actually know if what she's upset about is even true, since she's just assuming the child only ate mozzarella when that could have just been a single meal And because of OP's unconfirmed assumptions and general failure to ensure their child's welfare (because OP apparently valued sex more based on how many times sex has been mention in the post and comments), OP wants to blame the 17 years old. And OP doesn't just want to not use the 17 year old for babysitting in the future, which would be reasonable, but rather wants to literally ban her from the home. Yeah, OP is YTA. I didn't expect to think that OP could be TA based on the title, I expected a E-S-H at least. But OP has jumped to so many assumptions that I can't even call the babysitter TA since OP hasn't bothered getting that information.
Does he have a history of violence? Was he ever violent towards you? Does he have issues with drug use or addiction? Does he have convictions for threatening behaviour? Or for weapons offences? Or for sexual offenses? If you answered "yes" to any of those, he may indeed be a danger to the baby. This does NOT automatically mean he should never have child access, but it does mean that contact will need to be arranged cautiously in order to ensure your baby will always be safe. Supervised visits when he's clearly sober, for example, are an option if you have no concerns about violence. If you do fear physical harm, contact your local child protection agency for assistance and guidance. NAH for now, and you certainly do not need to allow him in the birthing room or let him visit afterwards. But you'll become TA if you presumptively prevent him from seeing the baby at all without a very good reason - it wouldn't be fair to him or to your child.
If the anti-reflection coating is wearing off, glasses can create a glare in photos - and most weddings involve a LOT of photos. It can be fixed (mostly) through photo editing but avoiding the issue entirely is easier. Also, many women have special makeup done on their wedding day. This often focuses on details around their eyes. Wearing glasses hides that, so it makes sense that those women prefer contacts. I have worn glasses since elementary school, but I'll probably wear contact lenses on my wedding day for these reasons.
Yep... you're right. If you scroll to the third picture in [this link](https://www.flipkart.com/cadbury-dairy-milk-chocolate-bar-6-6g-pack-72-bars/p/itmf6gsghgpzcgfv), it says: "#Compared to Cadbury Dairy Milk bar of 6.3g at Rs. 5" Aka - it's bigger than our other, smaller chocolate bar (just like it has always been)
Cool. And the relevance between your comment and OP's post is...? Don't bring a barely related soapbox to someone else's celebration. It's rude.
You're definitely crazy, but in a good way: you're a crazy good friend. It sounds like you and her have an incredibly solid friendship. That's a rarity, and I'm glad you both treasure it! Where I live (fellow Canadian btw, I'm a prairie girl) we call people like you "body burying buddies." Even if she doesn't take you up on the full offer, you can be Aunty Badger and help her out without being a full-time co-parent. It's completely your choice. As long as you and her agree, it doesn't really matter what anyone else thinks! Side note, I could NEVER do what you're considering. The thought wouldn't even occur to me. But then again, I can't stand babies so that's definitely a factor.
Have you considered offering to babysit for the new parents in your family? If they're on board, it would give them time away to be a couple again and he would be able to slowly get used to children. And you'd be able to assist/supervise without also recovering from childbirth at the same time. Take that advice with a grain of salt since I'm childfree, but if you want kids together I'd suggest making sure he's fully on board first - and making sure you won't really be a single parent.
Oh, so you cook it *before* flavouring it? I've never heard of that, is there a reason why you do it like that?
I'm not allergic, but nuts are one of the very few foods I don't like. (Tofu and milk are the other two.) I do eat flax seeds! I toss flax seeds and chia seeds into my oatmeal in the morning, along with frozen blueberries. They're healthy, and they also make it a more interesting meal. Bean chilis are wonderful, especially if I add sweet potato. I make them on a semi-regular basis because they're one of the backup meals I keep in the freezer for weeks when I'm too busy to cook. I can't eat beans every day though, otherwise my digestive system will get rather...fragrant. (Beano helps, thankfully!)
It says his wife was his designated driver. That's a term used to describe the person who will remain sober while another person drinks. I don't see why he'd call his wife his designated driver if he wasn't intoxicated at the time.
What is the point of your comment? I am not defending the violence used by the officers because I don't know the facts. There is literally NO reason for you to assume I'm saying he deserved to be ~~beated~~ beaten. Maybe the force was justified, maybe it wasn't. What I *am* doing is explaining why people are saying they think he was intoxicated. Between his comment about how police react to drunk indigenous people (he used the term 'native') and how referred to his wife as his designated driver, it IS fair to conclude he was intoxicated to some degree.
Or...the OP read a different article too, like the one that was linked, and pulled the information from there instead. If there's a factual basis, it doesn't seem fair to assume OP made up the claim.
It's the curse of such a cold climate. I frequently fall in love only to realize the plant doesn't love me back. ...I need a greenhouse.
I completely agree. I hope it didn't sound as if I don't support an investigation! I personally don't want to jump to conclusions, and I don't think others should either, but of course information should be gathered until it is clear one way or another. I will say I can't blame people for reacting emotionally right now. I don't think it's right, but I understand that it's hard to be objective about a specific situation with specific officers when the big picture is one about systemic injustice.
NAH if you tell her now. What you're feeling isn't uncommon, and there are plenty of dressy outfits that you can wear instead. Google formal rompers for ideas. This will become Y-T-A if you don't bring it up ASAP though. You cannot let her plan her wedding and make arrangements without letting her know. And if you wait until the last minute, she won't have any chance to find a compromise you both like. Call her directly if you want it to be a private conversation, but do it *before* any purchases are finalized or any dress shopping happens.
That's a ridiculous excuse. In fact, I'll call it an absolute cop-out. I'm a woman who is also reactive to latex. *That's why I buy latex-free condoms*. I personally recommend Skyn brand, but there may be others available depending where you live. Go to a grocery store or look on Amazon since you clearly have internet access and order a box. There is no excuse for not using condoms if you are the one who want to use a contraceptive.
Curly haired gardener here - a lot of squash plants will have similar vines and leaves to this picture. Most fines will have ringlets like this too, but the leaves will vary significantly
At its core, his reason that he prioritizes a healthy and loving relationship with his spouse over parenthood. Is that REALLY such a dumb reason to you? It isn't to me. Becoming parents *does* automatically change your relationship dynamic. It *is* more likely to negatively affect your sex life. And a strained, low-intimacy relationship *is* more likely to result in divorce. Stop mocking him for wanting a happy marriage and healthy sex life more than kids he isn't very interested in having. YTA.
That's pretty common. You can buy a grease screen to put on top of the pan though, it makes a big difference in cleanup and it isn't too annoying to wash.
Aw, thank you friend! I'm not perfect, but I do try to be a good person. It makes life more enjoyable.
That's the smart way to do it! Hell, I'm pretty sure the last time I did a PAP test I was in a committed relationship and the doctor *still* asked to do a full screen at the same time. It just makes sense; there's always the chance the last test was done too early for a positive result. Up-to-date testing is essential.
Condoms are also the ONLY contraception that prevents any STIs. Saying it's more about birth control is silly. A significant number of women cover the contraceptive aspect with their own choices (pill, IUD, etc) so for them, a condom is almost entirely about STI protection. This is *especially* true when it's a casual sex arrangement. So, for women condoms more likely to be about stopping STIs than about contraception, and for men they should be of equal concern.
Aren't you supposed to squeeze the condom packet before opening it for exactly this reason? There should always be an air pocket in the package. If there isn't, it may have been damaged (intentionally or not) and it shouldn't be trusted.
&gt; He thought it was weird that I was asking what he likes. So now I feel like I don’t even know what to do anymore at this point If your confidence has taken a hit and you won't feel comfortable/enthusiastic without having some idea of his preferences, there are still a few options. If you want to be less direct about what you want, ask him to play with himself for you. Watch how he strokes - does he focus on the tip? Does he grip so he puts direct pressure on the front/centre line with his fingertips? Does he twist at the head or pull straight? Does he play with his sack or not? Does he stroke his thumb over the tip? Then just mimic those details with your mouth and tongue, or use your mouth and hand in combination. If you don't mind a bit of directness, get sexy with it. Kiss his neck and ask him to tell you how he would want you to suck him off. You don't have to do everything he says (or anything, obviously, your comfort matters too) but it will give you a good idea of how he wants to be touched. You can also get him to show you with his hand while he talks If you aren't comfortable having that conversation in person, it makes a hell of a sexting topic. That being said, I'll caution against this route in case you're feeling hesitant because it may result in you feeling pressure to follow through even if you no longer want to next time. Does that help?
My first boyfriend can confirm the truth of your statement. It takes a while to learn how to wrap your lips over your teeth... Years later, he described that first time as "half heaven, half cheese grater." Oops. I can only imagine what happens when an inexperienced person with braces tries for the first time!
You don't buy fruit or vegetables to snack on? Cheese? Yogurt? Hummus? I also usually buy what I need for recipes when it comes to dinners, but I also usually have several healthy snacks on hand for lunches etc. If someone who is vegetarian comes over, I would fully expect them to (a) only eat obviously meat-free items like the above snacks or (b) ask if a prepared meal is meat-free. To simply *assume* my own food is cooked to their personal preferences would be insanely entitled. Her diet, her responsibility. It's that simple.
INFO - You mentioned in your edit that you have done favours which solely benefit her for free. Has she ever done favours which solely benefit you for free too? Or is this the ~~forth~~ first time that situation has come up? If she has done other favours for free, I'll say NAH - it seems she wants to draw a clear boundary between her personal life and professional life, and that includes using her professional skill for free. If she has never reciprocated by helping for free on non-work matters which benefit you, I say NTA and agree with the commenter who called it a red flag. A "me vs you" mentality and a mental checklist about compensation is not a healthy foundation for a relationship. She may be a nice person, but if she never does anything for your benefit she isn't a good partner.
You dated a chef who actually cooks at home regularly? I didn't know such a person exists... All the cooks I know eat like crap at home because they don't want to work (cook) on their spare time.
Ugh, that one was infuriating. At 19, I would not have been okay with random extended family members seeing and touching my naked body! IIRC, she and her bf hadn't been sexually intimate yet, but it was a long-term relationship (years I think) so there was a level of trust and comfort there which made him an obvious first choice for her. And since she didn't want to be unwashed the entire time of course she asked him for help. The parents should have seen it as a *good* thing - he was kind and respectful, and he stayed with her to care for her when needed. That's a good partner, and someone they should want their kid to date!
It isn't petty, it's making him responsible for the choices he's making. I would insist he replace *any* items she damages if he lets her in the bedroom. And it would have to be an equal replacement, not dollarstore eyeshadow to replace a quality product. I'd also suggest getting her an art set. If she's blending colours, maybe it's less about makeup and more about it being creative and interesting. Also, make sure *you* are the one who plays with her and the art supplies too incase it's about bonding with you. And I saw in your comments that you wanted the bedroom to be childfree meaning "not a playroom," but you have no issues with her coming to the bedroom at night if she had a bad dream. That's important, and makes this a reasonable request. Ultimately, if he refuses I would suggest (a) locking your makeup and accessories away, and (b) making it clear that anything damaged from now on is his expense to replace, not yours. I'd also make it clear that this is about a need for boundaries, not a dislike for his daughter. NTA obviously.
My cilantro always bolts, so backups are necessary! I also live in a cold climate, so it's nice to have herbs ready to be used inside when my outdoor ones die. Yay for sharing gardening tips :)
Follow-up INFO: have you and your ex agreed on whether or not contact will be facilitated during the other's custody period? In other words, will you have regular video calls with your daughter during the school year? And will you ensure your ex is able to have video calls throughout summer vacation? (Or phone calls, but obviously video is preferable so she can see her other parent.) If not, that's somewhat unfair to your daughter when she's young. A school year or a summer vacation is a long time to a kid, and you may feel like a stranger if you don't stay in contact. It also isn't fair to expect contact without giving your ex the same opportunity. But if you two do work that out, I really don't see the issue. It isn't the most typical arrangement, but it still prioritizes time with your daughter. Besides, a happier parent is a better parent. If this will significantly improve your life, you'll probably be a better dad if you move.
&gt;I was hoping that with an overnight flight she would be asleep most of the time. She Out of curiosity, what will you do if you're wrong? If she hated flying (let's say she gets severe ear pains or becomes scared of planes), what's your next step? Right now it's an unknown. It may work out, and as long as you pay for the flight and a chaperone (or go with her) it'll be fine. But you should always know what you'll do if things don't go according to plan.
As someone who has had ear pain while flying (just once, I was a teen who didn't realize flying while congested would be a really bad idea), it can be agonizing. One of you would either have to relocate or give up physical custody because forcing her though that would be abuse. Most people don't regularly have that issue though, so it shouldn't be a problem! When are you planning to move? Maybe a flight then will be possible. If not, just keep in mind the possibility since all your current plans depend on her ability to travel. And perhaps talk to her pediatrician about any advice to make flying easier on her if she needs it.
That's exactly what I was wondering. It's cute, but it would belong in several other cat subs - there's nothing wrong with a sleepy, cuddly cat!
I think I just drooled a little... That looks great! What cut did you use for the rare beef? (I assume that's what the top right meat beside the lemon is.)
In the future, set a small portion aside to test additions in before you made adjustments to the whole batch. To counter the ginger flavour, you can try adding sweetness or acidity (depending on the current flavour profile of your sauce). Adding more of the other ingredients will also help to balance it. Take a small portion out and experiment! Alternatively, use it like a marinade as others have suggested.
I'm not the one who is projecting... I mentioned that I'm physically attractive (conventionally speaking) to show that men will become verbally abusive upon rejection even if their insults are blatantly unfounded. So yes, my physical appearance *is* relevant. And I mentioned that I'm comfortable with myself because I do have healthy self-esteem, and I don't need external validation. It shows that even though I'm not looking for approval from strangers, being verbally threatened and abused is still highly unpleasant. And if you truly don't want women to make themselves vulnerable to such abuse, you wouldn't be complaining about the measures they take to avoid it. Really, there is no solution being proposed by you other than them ignoring their experiences and openly rejecting someone, knowing that doing so means they're more likely than not to be abused. What you're arguing for isn't consistent with your position here. I am, however, deeply amused by how angry and petty your reply is. You made so many assumptions based solely on the fact that I consider myself attractive, it's hilarious. And you say "anger solves very little," yet you sound angry at the world...or just at women. I have no desire to message someone as miserable as you. I do hope you get help though - a healthier worldview would make your life a lot happier!
&gt;just because you can’t call the police on them Just so you know, this depends on your jurisdiction. In Canada, children 12 years or older can be charged with criminal offenses. 10 and 12 is definitely old enough to know they're doing something wrong by invading her privacy.
Even if she managed to thrift an insanely cheap dress (let's say something unrealistic...$50), a thrifted dress would still need alterations. Alterations on *non-wedding clothing* can easily cost over $100. And it is highly unlikely your fiancee would have the skill to do it herself. So you knew nothing about the topic, assumed you knew better than the person researching it, and then you didn't respect her enough to listen to her knowledge. Instead you just belittled her for not conforming to your unrealistic expectations. If you want to get married and stay married, you need to fix how you react to her. Your ignorance, while shocking, wasn't the issue - your disrespect for her was. Jumping to conclusions isn't the key to a happy marriage, and neither is making demands and shutting down your partner until she cries instead of having a proper discussion.
Not serving alcohol with dinner won't cure an alcoholic. But if I know a family member is struggling with alcohol abuse, I damn well won't serve alcohol or have it available because I won't enable the addiction of someone I care about. Here, the family member is addicted to food instead of alcohol - but that doesn't change anything. It's still an addiction, and serving unhealthy food would have contributed to that addiction by enabling it. It isn't about control. It's about not wanting to participate in harming someone you love. OP is NTA.
As I clearly said, a guest is free to leave if their desire to drink, smoke, or engage in any other unhealthy addiction is more important than spending time together. So I wouldn't physically stop someone from leaving for a smoke - but they would not be welcome back that night after smoking. They don't get to bring that smell into my home, and that includes on their clothes not just actively smoking inside. Similarly, if an alcoholic wants to drink, they can leave. But as long as they're in my space, I won't enable their addiction by condoning it or acting like it's okay. It isn't okay. Neither of those scenarios quite capture the extreme rudeness of OP's sister however - and that's ignoring the childish temper tantrum of throwing the brownie mix and leaving the mess. Unlike your scenarios, she didn't want to leave to eat food she preferred. Instead, she wanted to *use OP's space* to make that food. That is incredibly rude. She has no right to those ingredients, to make a mess, to use OP's kitchen. So if OP said no for *any* reason, that is fair and the sister's tantrum is unacceptable. &gt; “host” with family is something I can’t fathom. When my sister and I visit one another we strictly abide by the “your home is my home and help yourself to whatever you’d like” vibe. That is your personal family dynamic - it is not a truth for everyone, nor is it somehow right or superior to other dyamics. In my family, we respect each other's homes. That means we don't randomly use their ingredients, we don't make messes in their kitchen, and if they make something we dislike we may not eat that item but we still say thank you for the effort of having us over and cooking because the time together matters more than having food exactly as we prefer it. This isn't an allergy. It isn't a food she has morally chosen not to eat. It's just a meal that's healthier than she likes - and her getting upset because people won't cook unhealthy foods that she prefers or let her bring in such food when she clearly had an addiction is not OP's fault. &gt; We will have family meals but if someone isn’t thrilled with that’s being served, we accommodate each other Hm, that's great up until it becomes a morality issue...which is what it is here. I'm cool with not making anything with me kidney beans because a family member dislikes them - but I won't make anything I'm morally opposed to, such as veal. Would you expect a vegetarian to cook meat for a meat-lover? I certainly hope not. And really, it's the same thing here. OP considers it immoral to facilitate her sister's addiction, and so she had chosen not to do so. Her sister doesn't have to eat what's served, but she doesn't get to force OP to condone her addiction. I, for one, will continue to not let addicts have their drug of choice in my home. Clearly OP feels the same. I cannot call her an asshole for not wanting to contribute to harming someone she loves, or for not wanting to watch that person harm themself. I will, however, call the sister TA. She felt entitled to dictate the menu around the addiction that she apparently knew OP was avoiding, to use someone else's kitchen, and then to throw a literal tantrum culminating in an mess she didn't even clean up. She could have called and brought it up before the dinner instead of having a dramatic scene, or she could have simply left, and it would have been n-a-h, but she was too entitled for that.
Not at all. If you think food addiction isn't real, I suggest you research it. And obesity kills more people than alcoholism does. It's a different type of addiction, but it isn't any less harmful. And there is no reason to enable one but not the other.
&gt;Take a hint, you coriander-brained sucklemouth Damn lady, what did cilantro ever do to you?? Seriously though, it's great that your family supports you. Unfortunately, like you said, not everyone is lucky enough to have that. For some people, it's healthier to distance themselves from their families so they can live life in a way that actually makes them happy.
&gt; I just thought it would be nice for it to be covered before we start our marriage, kind of like a clean slate I think that's reasonable to feel, and I suspect most people here (myself included) would feel the same. That's why most people are saying "gentle YTA" because you're wrong in this situation but you aren't being a bad person so commenters are sympathetic. Ultimately, your SO already made one stupid mistake by getting initials tattooed prominently on his body. **Don't push him into another stupid, even more prominent mistake**. He shouldn't get a cover-up tattoo until he knows what he wants and likes the idea of it being permanently on his body - especially since getting a second cover-up likely won't be possible. At best, you can ask him to go speak with a tattooist who specializes in cover-ups so he can get ideas on which designs will and won't work.
YTA This would be N-A-H if you had first communicated to her that you had changed your mind...but you didn't, you just became frustrated with her despite having discussed it and both agreeing to not have sex. You two *explicitly agreed* not to have sex. You have no justification to then become upset with her when she sticks to the agreement and doesn't have sex. If you wanted something different to happen, you needed to first talk about if that agreement should no longer be in place. And while a couple is discovering their relationship but not having sex, sexual tension and anticipation is extremely common. It's normal to communicate your desires and your attraction for the other person even if neither party is ready to act on those feelings. This is more common if you're young or inexperienced, but your situation (holding back on the physical because you rushed last time) makes sense too. At the end of the day, *you two agreed to not have sex to try and build the emotional aspect of your relationship.* If being teased so much bothers you, ask her to stop flirting so much or explicitly telling you want she wants to do with you. But stop trying to rush her to bed, and stop getting upset with her for not having sex she said she doesn't want to have yet.
ESH - but mostly her You mildly suck because you're going about this the wrong way. You *are* creating a parent/child dynamic by expecting her to ask permission before doing anything. That isn't how adult relationships work. You can ask for a heads up and then have a discussion each time, but ultimately you don't get to control her decisions so she does not need your permission. The only thing you can control is whether or not you stick around once she makes her choices. That being said, she is a MUCH bigger asshole. She is clearly abusing alcohol or outright alcoholic (binge drinking is still a form of alcoholism) and it's blatantly unfair to you and your daughter. &gt;My wife argues that [. . .] she can do whatever she wants since it's her weekend off. Given that you are both women, I'm going to assume you both chose to become parents. If so, wow. Just wow. Your wife is being beyond unreasonable with this comment! Weekends are her break from her job, *not* from being a mom. News flash, parenthood is a 24/7 job, every single day of the damn year. There are no weekends off unless you two literally hire childcare to replace you guys as parents. This is what she signed up for with you. She does not get to dump the parenting responsibilities off on you, and trying to do so makes her a shitty partner, a shitty mother, and an asshole person.
&gt;I was a distraction to my classmates. I then requested to be moved to the back of the hall (behind 5 empty rows of seats) for the remaining exams. Go you! That shows a level of self awareness and maturity that not all teens have. I'm sure your classmates appreciated your willingness to deal with the issue.
If it isn't raining, that makes it *waaaaay* weirder - why was he holding an umbrella over himself? That is extremely strange. Fwiw, you say it isn't raining but the video really isn't clear enough to claim that. No one is claiming they're in a downpour, but it could easily just be a light rain.
What happens if a tube hasn't had a frog in a while? Do you find there's an increase in mosquitoes because of the standing water, or does it dry out on hot days? This is really cool btw. My dad absolutely loves frogs so I'm looking up if we have tree frogs in our area - he'd love them in his garden.
This is the reason why I switched to oat milk. I like oat, almond, and cashew milk and they're all the same price at my grocery store, so I just grabbed whichever I saw first. But oat milk takes the least amount of water to produce so now it's my go-to option when available.
Red lentil soup is also great for this. Sautee onions and garlic, then add almost any vegetable that's about to go bad. (Broccoli, green beans, and red cabbage won't work, the flavour is too strong and the colour would probably be unappealing) but most other veggies will. Carrots? Celery? Parsnip? Potato? Cauliflower? Throw it in! Then add a can of tomatoes, the red lentils, and some water or broth (any bullion works, but I like Better than Bullion brand). Cook until tender and puree as desired. I like to scoop a few potato chunks out first then add them back once the soup is smooth. You can also throw chickpeas in too, which helps when you are running out of red lentils lol. I have an actual recipe if you want it, but that's the basic idea :)
ESH They are TAs because of how disgusting they are about the existing fishtank. If they didn't even drain the water out, it has to be an absolute disaster by now. I believe you when you say it's nasty, and that's because of them. I'm shocked your house doesn't smell awful as a result. [ETA: apparently your parents are withholding your money because they access your bank account? If so, that's a separate issue form the fishtank - but in that situation, they're 100% TA. Open a new account, change your deposit info with work, and get copies of your important documents.] That being said, you are acting like an asshole too: &gt;Also it's my own money? It's your money, and their house. If you want to try and use that as a trump card, you'll lose. Ultimately, if they don't want another fish tank taking up space in their home, well, that's their choice. Even if they just don't want it in your bedroom that's their choice - I know my parents insisted on only keeping fishtanks in the basement so the damage will be minimal if one breaks. If you buy a fishtank to put in their home against their wishes, you'll be TA. &gt;It's dangerously small (5 gallons) and I had a second goldfish in there who died a few months back. You're also TA for getting two goldfish when you didn't have any ability to give them a proper space. A single goldfish requires at least 20g of tank space, and you chose to have TWO in a 5g tank? Talk about irresponsible, no wonder one already died. You created this situation for yourself. That may be harsh, but it's true. If you cannot care for your fish properly, you can give it to a friend who can. Or you can take it to a quality fish store and they'll buy it off you. &gt;I'd rather use about three hours worth of wages to get a new, clean tank than spend at least a day or two trying to clean out the nasty ass 50g and still having no guarantee that it'll be safe to put my fish in it. If you care about your fish having a bigger tank, clean the existing one. If your fish isn't worth a day or two of effort, rehome or sell it. And educate yourself - even if bleach was used, that doesn't matter. You can still clean it so it's safe for fish, it just takes more water and effort. The possible use of bleach by your dad just sounds like an excuse to take the easy route. ETA: the only compromise I can suggest if the issue is about taking up space is that you fully clean the 50g tank so it can be stored or sold. Then you could put the 20g one in that space instead.
**ETA: oh jeez, my app glitched. I'm sorry!! It showed your comment as a direct reply to me...not a reply to OP where he literally said exactly what you did. Mea culpa, /u/basura_time!** ~~Where does OP say that his parents are withholding his money?~~ ~~He works, he mentions being able to save money, *and* he says he was able to buy himself a guitar. Both of those comments strongly suggest he has control over his own finances. His comment about being forced to live at home doesn't reference finances at all, it could just as easily have been a guilt trip.~~ ~~They're just not letting him put a fishtank they don't want in their house. That doesn't mean he's being financially abused, it just means they don't want the fishtank.~~ Obviously OP can have a fishtank in his own house if he moves out. No one disputes that. But while he lives at home, it isn't his decision alone. I will say OP probably won't be able to afford a house at 18 though, and many apartments have rules against large aquariums... So OP may still not be allowed to get a fishtank after he moves out because the owner has rules against it - just like at home.
Okay, the fishtank really isn't the biggest issue here. While living at home, yes your parents get to decide about the tank etc like I said above. But that presumes you're *choosing* to live at home. In that case, cleaning the tank (and using a silicone glue or other glue to repair it if necessary, my dad used to build his own tanks that way) is the obvious solution if they don't want another tank in their home. But dude... Your living situation does not sound healthy. You can and should be able to leave if you want to! ---------------- I'm not an expert, but here are some ideas: * Talk to the bank about opening your own account. Talk to your employer about changing where your paycheques are deposited. * If you're scared of them realizing you have a new bank account that your cheques are being deposited into, split your cheques so they still see deposits happening. If they ask, tell them your hours have been cut or they decreased pay in order to avoid covid layoffs. * Ask a friend if you can stay with them for a set period of time (though the pandemic may make this difficult). If yes, make sure your entire cheque is going into your new account. * Gather your important documents (passport, birth certificate, SIN card, health card) and give them to a friend to keep safe, or make copies if they'll notice the documents are missing.
Jeez. Just because she's breastfeeding doesn't mean she should have been doing the nighttime feedings alone. If you haven't been the one getting up on weekends to bring her the baby and whatever else she needs so all she has to do is sleepily nurse, you haven't been pulling your weight. She alone has been the one getting up for EVERY feeding, even on weekends, and that isn't fair. Breastfeeding just means she needs to be the food source, not the one who gets out of bed. As for what happens once the baby is weened, I don't think 5 months straight is reasonable - but her frustration at the current unfairness is justified, and you DO deserve to do more than her once the baby is weened. I think several weeks of you alone handling nighttime feedings is fair, and afterwards you should do every single Friday/Saturday night feeding (assuming you work M-F) plus the alternating weekdays.
The issue isn't whether or not it's his choice. Obviously it is. The issue is whether or not he's an asshole for not telling the person he's in a relationship with. And the answer is yes, OP is TA, since that decision is clearly relevant information for the person he's dating. If you disagree, that's like saying a woman has no obligation to tell her SO that she has gone of birth control since it's her choice. Yes, it's her choice alone, but obviously not using contraception affects both of them.
No, almost all fast food restaurants in Canada have those signs by the drive-thru, and those burger prices are cheap. That's fast food. Why would you say otherwise? Takeout is a real restaurant that you can order pick-up or delivery from, like a Chinese restaurant. Fast food is a cheap restaurant with a drive-thru. Just like MacDonalds, A&amp;W, and Burger King, these are cheap and fast burgers. Speaking as a fellow Canadian, /u/sav575757 is right to call this fast food. ETA: also, $5 for curly fries is normal. They're usually more expensive than regular fries because the portion is often smaller (but they're so much better).
INFO: * Do you prioritize your friends in other ways? * Do you still get together with them (alone, not with your family in tow)? * Do you out in effort to maintain contact by calling / visiting them instead of them always having to call / visit you?
This is exactly what I was going to recommend. OP should go back to using birth control until her husband grows up. /u/Tokenpanda11, what if you have a daughter? Do you want her to grow up being shamed for an her period accidents? (And every girl *will* have at least one period mess while she figures her body out.) Also, what happens if you give birth vaginally? Does he know you may bleed for *weeks* afterwards? Does he realize you may bleed into the bedding repeatedly - and everywhere else? Not to mention the likelihood that you'll pee the sheets at night during pregnancy. Until your husband matures, you should not be willing to have kids with him. NTA
No issue at all. In fact, I have more respect for single parents who do a good job than other parents because they have to work twice as hard. But I have an issue with OP being determined to claim she isn't a single mom when she obviously is. She's the literal definition of a single mom. It strikes me as very obnoxious to claim otherwise while also dismissing how her child was only able to cause damage because she wasn't supervising him.
Yes...that's why it's ESH, not YTA. Anger was justified, but his was excessive - thus he sucks too. I said all of that explicitly. I'm not defending what he said. I simply think OP is also crappy, just in a different way.
&gt;I have a big problem with leaving them too long. Oops... Is there a bad time to thin? I planted herbs for the first time and I was worried about thinning too soon. Now I'm worrying about thinning them too late!
...oh crap. I think I've left mine too long :(
Gee, so all you have to do is tell the universe to only give you mild HPV? Your comment ignores the reality that you don't get to choose which strain you contract. You may get a minor strain, you may get a serious one. And even the vaccines aren't a guaranteed protection so there's always a risk when it comes to sex. Also, not everyone can afford the latest HPV vaccine - I got mine for free years ago, but it was the old version that didn't cover every major strain. The more current vaccine was to expensive for me as a university student. And since I was more financially stable than most students, I doubt my situation was unique. Cancer *is* a big deal. So, it is reasonable to be wary of HPV.
My ex was a virgin at 25. He had other opportunities before me, but was anxious (a religious upbringing resulted in unhealthy views about sex) and never managed to stay hard so he'd make up a reason to leave instead. It took a while into our relationship before it wasn't an issue, but he worked through it. Point being, it isn't just you. You're 21, you have time. Focus on addressing whatever causes your anxiety first. You still have a few years before you have to fill in the paperwork for permanent bachelor status.
I have a latex sensitivity so I've looked into this. That comment is a bit off-base. There is a risk with certain non-latex, like lambskin ones. But with polyurethane (ie: Skyn brand), they're just as effective as latex options. Don't worry!
&gt;I’m allergic to latex and have gotten UTIs from it. It also leaves a burning sensation for over a day. Oh jeez, that reminds me of when my teenaged bf and I decided to try Trojan condoms... I didn't know at that age that I had a latex sensitivity, so condoms were drying and horribly uncomfortable/painful but I thought that was normal so we just used extra lube. Then my bf and I decided to try Trojan's "fire and ice" condoms. It was HORRIBLE, and it took days for the burning to fade! I have since made the mistake of using the washroom after slicing scotch bonnet peppers, and that burn didn't compare to the hell of those damn condoms.
General deterrence, for one thing. His post-offence conduct is mitigating, and that argues in favour of a lower sentence (or even the minimum sentence) compared to what he'd otherwise face. After all, these lifestyle changes suggest there is no longer a need for specific deterrence. But some charges are so serious that rehabilitation is *not* the primary focus of the court; general and specific deterrence is. I would not be at all surprised if firearms trafficking is one such offence. Not prosecuting wouldn't be justice - it would be turning a blind eye. OC chose to commit *very* serious offences, so a real consequence is warranted.
Specific deterrence = deterring him specifically. If you check my comment, I indicated this likely isn't necessary. General deterrence = deterring everyone else. This *is* still relevant. It is necessary to take such offences seriously to discourage others from making the same choices. And I shouldn't have to say, but...yes, it is illegal to traffic firearms. Firearms can only be sold to certain people who have been screened and who have a licence (and no, crack dealers don't make the list). Also, he didn't just sell any firearms. He sold handguns. Those are restricted weapons, which means the standards before selling them are higher and the punishment for trafficking them is also higher. When you add in that there were multiple sales... Oh yeah, general deterrence is *major* factor here.
&gt;My mom is asking me to participate in one of these calls, but she has made it clear that she isn’t going to refer to me as male at all, and is going to dead name and misgender me throughout the call. INFO: who will be deadnaming / misgendering you? * Is your mom saying she wants to do that, presumably from having to avoid explaining that you're trans? * Or is your mom saying that your great grandma will probably make those mistakes because your great grandma has Alzheimer's and is easily confused? I assume you mean your mom will. If so, N-T-A. It may require some explaining, but that's far preferable than having to pretend to be someone you're not. If it's your great grandma, I'd say a gentle Y-T-A since it isn't her fault she's sick.
Remember: our parents are our first example of what a relationship looks like. As children, we have no other frame of reference so we assume their relationship is normal. You're raising a little girl - would you want her to date someone who treats her the way your SO treats you? If not, you need to sort this relationship out. Now, what that means depends on you. But whether that will require a serious discussion, couples therapy, or leaving him, it doesn't matter. The point is, you need to make sure that the relationship dynamic you model for her is one you want her to have too.
Ah, yes, because that's reasonable. "You made a mistake once. You should never try to do the right thing again." OP was in a difficult situation. She didn't handle it perfectly, but that doesn't mean she should never help male survivors again. Instead, it means she should anticipate that this may be a future issue, and put measures in place so it can be navigated without issue. Also, do *try* to remember that the women you're so dismissive of are survivors too, and likely by male abusers. Being vulnerable around a man can be genuinely distressing for them. OP had two sets of needs to balance, not just one. Do you *really* not see the irony of criticizing OP's compassion while simultaneouslyshowing so little compassion yourself? At any rate, this conversation is unproductive. I really have no further interest in hearing you go on about how a single misjudgment has damned OP forever.
Glad to hear it! While helping others is important, you need to make sure you're taking time for yourself too. If you need it, feel free to PM me. I'm both a female survivor and an ex-coach, so I can relate to both sides of this dynamic. And I'm thrilled to hear your area actually has services specifically geared to male survivors! Most areas don't, so it can be an extremely isolating experience (I know my area doesn't). Hopefully he is able to find a group that he likes and can be supported by.
While I would agree with not referring male survivors to OP's group *FOR NOW*, it seems unnecessary and excessive to presume you should never refer men to her again. *People can learn from their mistakes.* OP can use this as an opportunity to ensure measures are put in place so male victims are never again placed in a group that isn't supportive of them. Really, how do you think groups that are supportive of a minority segment get started? The beginning is rarely smooth, but with time and effort they can become excellent supports in a community. Refusing to recommend an instructor in the future because the transition wasn't perfect would be absurd. Also, OP didn't choose female survivors over male survivors. She chose both, faced a conflict, and focused on ensuring the welfare of the existing group with an established dynamic. This does not mean she cares less about male victims, it simply means she tried to make a change too suddenly so she had to focus on fixing that mistake first.
Ah yes, because no one can ever live in a more progressive area...Maybe there are. Maybe there aren't. Only OP knows. But if there aren't, that's MORE reason for why she should be supported instead of bullied - her area needs someone like her to make the hard transition so male victims can be supported too. Too bad commenters like yourself refuse to see that.
You keep posting the same things... I don't disagree, but blowing up my inbox doesn't benefit anyone. It just makes a discussion more difficult. I already responded to you: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/hc8qlu/wibta_for_splitting_my_volunteer_survivors_yoga/fve8zyn/
Jesus, this is phrased confusingly. Please format or use quotes! As it stands, your phrasing says that YOU are the one adding that comment - it is completely unclear that you're referencing OP. At any rate, I already responded to you: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/hc8qlu/wibta_for_splitting_my_volunteer_survivors_yoga/fve8zyn/
Interesting... Well, I hope your life is as pleasant as you are. Also, I don't know what your problem is but you're blocked. Go find someone else to make weird comments to.
He didn't ask her to keep the baby - that is far to polite a summary of what happened. He tried to manipulate and guilt trip her with the "you're killing my kid" bit, and then he tried to bully her into doing what he wanted instead by arguing with her for a week about a decision for her own body which she has always been adamant about. That isn't a polite request, it was an attempt to force her into keeping a pregnancy she didn't want. He was allowed to realize he had changed his mind. He was allowed to be hurt and upset that she wanted to abort regardless. And it is perfectly fine for him to leave her over that incompatibility. But his behaviour towards the abortion was a manipulative guilt trip (which is the basis for reproductive coercion), and that's what makes him TA here.
He isn't TA for suddenly realizing he has changed his mind and wants a kid. Nor is he TA for wanting to separate because this is an incompatibility. What DOES make him TA is his reaction - he tried to bully, manipulate, and guilt trip OP into keeping a child she doesn't want. Changing your mind is okay. Leaving is okay. But screaming at OP that's she's killing his kid is manipulate and guilt tripping, which isn't okay. And fighting with her for a week about her rights over her own body, especially when she has always made her childfree stance clear, isn't okay. OP is NTA, but her husband was definitely TA.
&gt;Just a kind gesture I think that certainly never hurts. Do you know what else it doesn't hurt to have? *Boundaries.* Your brother's girlfriend seems to have reasonable boundaries in place, but yours need work. You should consider their relationship a boundary and butt out. You should also know that a lot of people consider their SO's family to be the SO's responsibility. Wishing happy Father's Day, sending Christmas cards, buying birthday gifts...all of that can be expected of your brother, but NOT from his girlfriend. If she wants to, great! But if she doesn't want to, it doesn't mean anything negative about her. Also, news flash: *it isn't a kind gesture on your part to be miffed about someone not wishing happy Father's Day to someone that is not her dad.* Maybe YOU should learn to be kind towards her instead of being overly critical...
Totally unrelated to this post, but...*three years?!* He cheated on you for three years and you *still* want to be with him? I don't know if you're lacking self-respect or just incredibly forgiving...but I have my suspicions. I cannot imagine anyone with high self-esteem tolerating that level of disrespect and still having a healthy, trusting relationship. Anyways, for the situation you actually posted about, NTA. You aren't treating the child any differently, and you commented that your husband doesn't have visitation rights so it isn't as though you're preventing the kid from visiting his dad. Your husband is obviously TA for creating this situation.
AskWomen gets that "what was your worst date" question fairly frequently, but...it's rarely humorous. Typically, it's about being threatened or sexually assaulted. Personally, I'd be torn. Was my worst date the guy who told me that he fantasized about hearing me scream as I died in his arms? Or was it the guy that told me that women deserve to get raped for showing skin or being alone with a man, then stared hard at my bare legs (sundress) and tried to get me to off with him alone? I wish my worst date was just someone ending the date early because we didn't have chemistry and they didn't want to waste their time.
I think either angry cursing or shocked laughter would be normal for the person who gets pied (but anger seems more likely). For the date watching, laughter would still be normal but you'd hope they'd check that the guy is okay!
Pregnancy is already tough on a woman's body. IVF is even worse. It's a long, uncomfortable process which involves repeated hormonal shots and a lot of invasive doctor's appointments. Frankly, if he pushes to IVF for avoid testing I'll call him TA x2. IVF is a fair option to raise if he tests positive and they still want a biological child. But asking OP to undergo even more discomfort just so he can maintain his ignorance would not be a reasonable request. If he's that insistent on not getting tested, they should pursue adoption - it's the route they were already considering before the disease became a factor.
...and you don't understand how that is NOT a present for her? It isn't unreasonable to want your partner to be attractive to you - but it *is* unreasonable to expect your partner to never change. If she has had a kid, it's especially unreasonable to expect her to be able to regain her post-pregnancy body since that may not be possible without surgery. It's also unreasonable to pretend a weight-loss for your benefit is a gift for her. That's insulting since she not an idiot so of course she'll figure it out, and it's also selfish to give someone a present that's actually for you instead of the recipient. If her weight gain bothers you, the right approach would have been to have a discussion with her to see how she feels about it and if she wants to address it. Presenting her with a weight-loss kit just makes you an insensitive and self-centered asshole.
Your wife already failed Naomi once. For 11 years, she (a) left her child with and abusive man and (b) even when home, was mentally checked out because she drank herself to unconsciousness. She failed to protect Naomi by leaving her in that situation for so long, and even when she was physically present she was a neglectful parent. Now she is failing Naomi again. She put her daughter through hell for 11 years; *it's her job to at least help Naomi pick up the pieces.* And of course Naomi blames her mom and calls her neglectful! Her mom was partly responsible for her awful childhood, and her mom was a neglectful parent. This is a simple truth. But because you can't handle that unflattering reality, you kicked Naomi out for not wanting to pretend things were okay and your wife had been a good mom. So now you failed Naomi too. YTA to you and your wife.
Central Canadian here - it isn't a new change. Kindergarten has started at age 5 for at least the last three decades. Maybe it's different where you lived?
OP, you may want to educate yourself on the cycle of abuse / cycle of violence. You don't seem to understand your mom's actions even though they're really common for victims - it takes most victims a significant number of attempts to leave before they actually end the relationship, and until then it's typical to return to having contact with the abuser. Your mom is acting normal for the situation. You can be frustrated, but you shouldn't assume that just because she's staying it means their relationship is "decent," because she'd likely return regardless. All you can do is educate yourself and support her. And YTA for even wanting your child to have a relationship with an abuser. If you were sad he wasn't a better man it would be one thing, but you're upset she isn't spending time with him as he is.
Except...they didn't. There is NO title for men that indicates if men are married. So if it isn't necessary to provide a specific title in order for a man to access care properly and have proper insurance coverage, there is no reason why a woman should have to choose a specific title to indicate her marital status. If this *was* the reason, it would be a separate part of the form that BOTH men and woman would fill out - not just women. A section that specifically asks for marital status, next of kin, insurance info, or general info on who can access your medical information would make sense. But this Miss / Mrs. nonsense is specific to women, so it CANNOT be for medical or insurance purposes without excluding men...which doesn't make sense if it's essential.
Given the amount of land described, OP lives in a rural area. The response time for police can be slow when it's an emergency. For a non-emergency like this? The neighbours could be finished their camping trip before the police bother to show up. Nope, OP has every right to use force to deter trespassers after a verbal warning. And his way was better than most, he didn't threaten them in any way - he just removed the tent that shouldn't be pegged into his land. NTA
I don't agree. All four parties are involved in the relevant dynamic (OP, son, grandson, and Nicole). The decision in question is a result of that dynamic, so any judgement needs to include that context. I mean...that's why there's a post, not just a one line title! ESH makes sense given that - excluding the baby obviously.
...forget that infographic. Your link is SO MUCH better! It isn't insulting or confrontational, but it illustrates the point beautifully step by step. Thanks for sharing, I'm saving this for future discussions!
&gt;First off I get that 3 months is a short time to adjust your language but please try to use male pronouns. Out of fairness to OP, her son hasn't told her which pronoun is preferred. She cannot be expected to adjust her language to someone's preference until that preference is clear. It may seem obvious given that her son is FtM, but not everyone who is trans is comfortable using those pronouns right away so it isn't safe to presume "he" instead of "they" either. If her son had said "please use he/him" or "please don't use they," OP would have be misgendering him intentionally (and yes, that would be wrong). But right now, it just sounds like OP is trying but didn't know the right words for her post. ETA: /u/EstablishmentRegular, a word of advice - it would be a good idea to take the lead and actually ask your son what pronoun you should use.
NAH It makes sense why your son made that request, because those images don't represent your child anymore. It also makes sense why you want to keep them up, because those images aren't about gender but are instead about treasures memories of shared joy. Why not compromise? Move some of the most prominent photos out of the common spaces and into your room (or storage, depending on their size). Give yourself and your son time to adjust before seeing how you both feel about displaying them again. In the mean time, keep making new memories together that are worth displaying. Also, you need to ask your son what pronoun is preferred. It will likely be "he," but I do know some trans people who preferred "they" for the first few months. Just have that conversation so you know, and then make a point of trying to use that pronoun from now on. You may slip up (you've known your child as "she" for 19 years, mistakes are bound to happen!), but if that happens just apologize, correct yourself, and keep trying to make a new habit. You aren't TA for those mistakes right now because everything is very new and unfamiliar for you, but you'll become TA if you don't take steps to avoid misgendering your child in the future.
As someone who loves her cats and planning a but never wants children...glad you came around. The differences are huge, and it's annoying when someone tries to claim they're similar responsibilities. How are you feeling now?
I believe it was your post - I don't see it in your comment history so I can't check. At any rate, there have been several similar posts about pets here. I roll my eyes every time. I leave my cat alone for a weekend with a bowl of food and fresh water; if I tried that with a kid, it would be abuse. The expense, limit on travel, and time demands of a pet are minimal compared to a child. And I hate babies but feel calmed by my cat so the personal impact on my mental health is significantly different as well as the objective factors of time, money, and freedom.
&gt;Thinking this all over again I realize that IATA and I need to apologize for not talking about it after the gym. You should also ask her if she does those actions so other gym-goers knows she's taken. Look, being a woman in a primarily male gym can be awkward. Guys stare at you, they eye your ass, they give unnecessary workout tips while trying to flirt, they get too close and touch you. When you're there to just work out, it isn't appreciated - but shutting those guys down doesn't go over well, so it creates an awkward situation. The PDA you described is *insanely* chaste. She isn't grabbing your ass or initiating a makeout session - she's patting you in the back and giving you a brief kiss. It's juuuuust enough to send a "not interested, in a happy relationship" message while also having the extra benefit of being affectionate towards someone you love. And now she probably feels like you don't want people to know she's with you because you're ashamed or embarrassed by her. You also may not be aware of how many more interactions she'll have to awkwardly navigate alone because you didn't want to share the burden and deal with some guy giving you jealous looks over being lucky enough to have her.
It really isn't very complicated, and you're just making excuses to try and control how others eat. Here's how it works: the birthday person chooses a restaurant he or she is excited to eat at. The guests then chose whatever they want off the menu (or don't attend if they wouldn't like the food). At no point does the birthday person get to dictate the guests meals. Hell, even choosing a vegetarian restaurant solely because you want your family to eat vegetarian, not because you wanted that for yourself, would make you the asshole. Basically, it's about intent - and your intent sucks. YTA.
Thank you! I'm pretty happy with who I am as a person - and thankfully, I have a SO who loves me for me too, and he doesn't want to make me act stodgy or boring.
Sorry, I saw your question but I was out for a hike! It was a glorious, sunny day yesterday. My playlist isn't on Spotify, but I can DM you the songs I include if you want to use it as inspiration for your own? This offer stands for you as well, /u/MeriKat, since you were interested too! :)
That's a huge leap. I make more than my SO, but I'd likely also be pissed at such a cheap ring. The engagement ring is supposed to last throughout the marriage. That means it should be purchased with at least some thought towards quality. A $140 Etsy ring is *highly* unlikely to be good quality - it may not turn OP's finger green, but it will likely dull quickly and the stone fasteners will probably erode. It's one thing if that's the best he can afford. But if he could easily have purchased a quality ring and instead cheapest out...that's insulting and thoughtless. Unless the ring is made with the same materials and skill as a quality custom ring at a jewelry store, he bought OP a ring that won't last.
INFO - did he look into the seller first, to make sure they used quality materials that will last? Despite the majority comments here, I'm leaning towards NTA. At a mere $140, I am VERY skeptical that this ring will last a lifetime. Since this is a ring that's supposed to last years, it should be purchased with at least some thought towards quality. A $140 Etsy ring is *highly* unlikely to be good quality - it may not turn your finger green, but it will likely dull quickly and the stone fasteners will probably erode. It's one thing if that's the best he can afford. But if he could easily have purchased a quality ring and opted not to, that's unreasonable. It's great to be frugal, but not to be cheap. Unless he managed to find a skilled seller who uses quality materials and severely underprices the resulting jewelry, your fiancé crossed the line from frugal into cheap by sacrificing the durability of the ring. Unless the ring is made with the same materials and skill as a quality custom ring at a jewelry store, he bought you a ring that won't last.
NAH because you were in the vehicle and it was temporary. If you ever actually park like that and exit your vehicle, you'll become TA though. It isn't just cyclists and pedestrians who use sidewalks - people in wheelchairs and in mobility scooters rely on them. And someone in a wheelchair or mobility scooter can't just "go around" by going onto the grass or over the curb, so you'd be essentially stranding them.
I'm sorry, no. Even if that $1500 ring is a dud that becomes damaged or loses a stone, it should have a warranty. The cheap Etsy ring won't. In terms of the two, the first ring is *clearly* the safer bet for quality while the Etsy ring is a gamble with no safety net. And engagement rings are sentimental - if the Etsy ring wears out and there's no warranty, that ring is *gone* and no replacement ring will replace those memories. If the BF was worried OP was a gold digger, being a cheapskate and buying her a crap ring was not the way to test it. He could have talked about expectations, how they'd divide finances, and her expectations about continuing to work if they want kids. That would be the mature approach. Also, you're creating a false situation. Marrying the BF can be more important than the engagement ring, but she's still allowed to be upset by his decision. Shockingly, it's possible to be with someone while still disagree with their choices or be hurt by their values. After all...it appears the BF values testing OP more than actually giving her something to last their lifetime together.
Omg that was hilarious. Thank you for sharing!!
Damn, that's obnoxious! So her mentality was basically that she would have been respectful to a superior if she had known he was the VP, but she didn't think an underling was worth her respect. That's disgusting, I'm glad the VP saw how she behaves when she thinks no one important is watching. &gt;While we were eating he did ask how I had managed to put up with her Ha! Out of curiosity, what did you say?
Depending on which country you live in, the shelters may run free "spay/neuter and release" type programs. You'd have to bring the cats in, but it won't cost you any money except travel costs. If your local shelters don't advertise this option, maybe call and see if they're willing to help! To be clear, you aren't the bad guy. Just figured I'd give you some extra info which may be useful :)
