granted, we don't have a test (yet) that allows us to empirically measure the state of mind of a patient. but there are countless peer-reviewed studies that demonstrate the affect psychology has on the perception of pain. to ignore such findings would only be doing the patient a disservice.
I'll give it to you that it won't be catastrophic, but it will lead to the UK being worse off than it was with the EU. Even if it is at the marginal level (and in economics, what do we talk about aside from the margin?), there really isn't a way the UK benefits from Brexit.
I'm assuming, [like this](https://www.google.com/search?q=jonna+mendez&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwilkKS53obfAhVhu1kKHbymDcYQ_AUIDigB&amp;biw=1600&amp;bih=789).
Precisely. Donald isn't smart enough to know how to manipulate the stock market to make himself look good, let alone manipulate it to help the 1%. And on top of that, I doubt he even knows what constitutes the "1%" and the income requirements to be considered part of that bracket. Yes, he was born with a gold spoon in his mouth, so I know he has experience with being wealthy from the get go, but I have sincere doubts that he is a numbers guy. But he is president, and that office, regardless of how much Donald has tarnished it, still holds weight in the market,
Nice try, In-n-Out...
&gt; I‎t seems more like he’s upset that Real Madrid (owner, players, fans) felt like they didn’t need him so... ronaldo is just talking bullshit?
Well, I don't know Catalan. But if he said this in Spanish, it would still sound wrong.
The Pochettino effect.
TIL Tottenham has a rivalry with all of Australia.
plot twist: that's a guy wearing them.
Isn't this how adult swim handled fans who were contacting them about Metalocalypse's cancellation?
Skaven desperately need some of their TT ranged units. I feel like they got the whole "mass army" feel right in WH2, but they are missing some of the ""likely to blow yourself up" aspect. I think the addition of Warplock Jezzails (hopefully with the ability to shoot through your own units) will help get us there. Currently, the warpfire thrower is some doodoo. EDIT: Then again, I guess it could be argued that the current iteration of Cold Blooded has ruined Lizardmen for me. Yeah, new content (hopefully with some updates) for the last 2 base factions of WH2 do need an update. The power creep is too real right now.
Ah, yes. This Katie is a woman of class.
So, how ducked are we if he leaves?
aww.. she's so adorable, she deserves her own talk show ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
...is ... is that why asian women tend to not age until the age of, like, 60ish?
&gt; Opiates - ALL DOSES
Ah, I see you're a man of culture as well. But seriously, how does Xhaka rustle your jimmies?
Isn't that a 3?
Fuck me, the home shirt is ugly AF
&gt; And Poch's stock will probably never be higher Funny enough, given how often I've heard this phrase for the past 3 seasons.
There's a reason Wharton doesn't advertise that the current president is an alumni. But good luck getting them to turn down Fred Trump's money.
Did you have to do dialysis? If so, how did you like/hate it? I'm on the verge of hitting kidney failure myself and will have to do dialysis, if I can't find a donor.
If this happens, I can honestly say that my life is complete. No need for marriage, no need for kids, fuck achieving my life goals. Tottenham winning the league as L'pool bottle it could only possibly be surpassed if we somehow get a 2nd game at the Library and win the league there.
That's not what that phrase implies in the slightest.
Yeah, I dunno. Technically, Barca was my team since it's the team of my family, but when I went to college I made friends with several Europeans and kinda got into the PL. As far as how I chose Tottenham... that's a longer story.
Not, they just didn't know how to spell those names. Usually it's the poor and uneducated who do this. And I'm not knocking them for being poor or uneducated (I was poor but, luckily, educated). I am knocking them for picking names they didn't know how to spell.
Well yeah, but I'm pretty sure we're not going to use the Greek alphabet if we really want to be pedantic about it.
Wait, if they aren't paying you extra, what's the point?
It would not absolutely achieve that goal. You have to remember that even with a falling dollar, Americans are ridiculously expensive to hire compared to the majority of the rest of the world. Donald could achieve bringing back low wage, low skill jobs. But doing so would kind of necessitate crashing the US economy for an extended period of time. It's almost as if Donald doesn't understand jack diddly about Economics.
So, where exactly do you invest, if I may ask?
You do realize how you're invalidating your previous comment, correct?
QE didn't keep up floating. We still hit a recession that could have lead to a depression. What helped prevent that was because the government basically bailed out the financial sector. That's what first got us out of the sinking ship and prevented us from going down with it. The QE then did keep us afloat. But you would be mistaken to think that it was only this policy that mitigated the damage the 08 financial crash could have caused. The problem with this coming recession is that, yes, QE isn't going to keep us afloat this time since we've be doing it for the past 9 years. If you will permit me this analogy, we basically shot every arrow in our quiver only recently have we started recovering arrows. This next recession has a high probability of being heavily influenced by Donald since the Fed won't have much left in its arsenal from the previous recession. And if he is getting his advise on economic policy from infowars, Breibart, and whatever yes-men are still left around in his administration, then it would not be entirely shocking to see him implement economically inadvisable policies.
You know what? Were I American, I would honestly vote for Donald in the coming election. And it's not because I agree with him on any of his view or approve of almost anything he has accomplished, before and after he became president (honestly, almost all of his businesses have gone to shit under his management). And I am almost sure one his family members will be indicted by Mueller. But I would vote for him because despite all the things the disqualified him from being president in the first place and all of the things that should have gotten him impeached by now if the Republicans in Congress had any balls, is precisely why the Republicans in Congress have no balls; their supporters. There is still a large portion of Republican voters that see nothing wrong with what Donald has done, before or after his election. And I don't say this as a foreigner that bases what he thinks based on what he sees on the internet. I have actually lived in the US for over a decade and visited there recently a couple times since the election. And what I saw when I got to the more rural areas of the country leads me to believe that come the next recession, if it's a Democrat in charge, even if it hits before they are elected, they will be blamed. And this whole cycle of deluded people living in a false reality voting some wacko in charge will just continue. Leaving Donald in charge of cleaning up the mess he and the Republicans in Congress made will, hopefully, help dispel the myths surrounding the cult of Donald that some in the right seem to be a part of. I hope I am proven wrong. I'm not that kind of foreigner that derrives some sort of pleasure from the US doing poorly. Not only is a lot of my family living there, but I kind of make my living off of the US stock market. But at the same time, I see what Donald has done and plans on doing, the lack of action on the part of the Republican party, why they are doing nothing, and I can't help but think if the US got off easy thanks to Donald's incompetence. He had all the branches of government in his hand and couldn't pass shit. Imagine what kind of damage someone with some basic understanding of how government functions and Donald's rhetoric could cause. I hate to sound dramatic, but I believe that Donald's election has signalled to the rest of the world that with the right message, you can get anyone elected in the US. And only when public gets to see how Donald truly performs under pressure, will they truly let go of some of the beliefs that led them to voting for a guy like Donald. I mean, surely Germany's defeat in WW2 must have helped the de-Nazification process of Germany?
Correct me if I'm wrong, but weren't Republicans and Trump (most loudly of all) complaining about the Fed keeping rates low? How could any of them claim to be surprised?
Uh oh, looks like someone doesn't understand how statistics work...
I wonder if the Mexican cartel is anything like the Italian mafia. Apparently, in the mafia, it is frowned upon for men to cry and the guys in leadership positions can lose face and the respect of their men if they are seen crying. I imagine it has something to do with the macho culture prevalent in the Mediterranean. So maybe the Mexican cartel, being heavily influence by a Mediterranean culture, also has something like this present? Yes this was a very retarded post. I just had to post it though ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯
&gt; The US considers the Kurds terrorists Holy shit, are you a living Dunning-Kruger effect.
Even if we make a signing, the odds of them making an impact right away are slim. It's been stated before that Poch's system requires at least one full pre-season's worth of training with the team in order to not only positively contribute, but not actually harm the flow of the team. Since we press as a pack, this means the rest of the team not involved in the press has to adjust accordingly, some times filling in spaces left behind by one of the attacking players in case of a counter attack. I hate to sound cliche, but with a team made by Pochettino, the sum is greater than the individual parts. And unless we sign some unbelievable talent this January, I just don't see Poch upsetting the flow the team currently has. I mean, after all, we just beat Woolwich Wankers at the Library despite several injuries that have sidelined many of our established defensive players. For Christ's sake, he's made Sissoko into Dembele 2.0 while he's playing with the rest of the squad. But that's all taken time to build so unless we sign the next Mbappe or Isco this January, I would just forget about a new signing giving us the final edge to win the league. And that's if L'pool bottle it which, given their form, seems unlikely. If anything, aside from finishing Top 4 and above Scum, I am looking forward to the chance to take points from City and L'pool at their grounds. Taking all 3, in either or both, would be a dream. But even a hard fought tie, again in either or both, would be pretty decent results.
Do we play in the new stadium in FIFA 19? Or was there an update later on that put us back in Wembley?
Well, you guys armed and trained religious fundamentalists in Afghanistan to fight the Soviets. After the Soviets pulled out you guys did as well. However, some warned that now (then) was the time that Afghanistan needed them the most, as the US would be leaving them in the hands of militarized religious zealots. Of course, people were unable to think long term and the US pulled out of the region, considering it a mission accomplished. And then, in 2001, these same religious zealots, who had formed an armed terrorist movement, caused the single worst terrorist attack in the history of the US. All because people couldn't see the long term consequences of their actions and were focused on the short term gains since they need the votes now. ISIS has only lost its territory and considering they are the locals, they will be more than capable of erasing all progress if they sense the enemy is leaving and those remaining are directionless. You're not ripping a band aid, you're ripping off sutures right after you got out of surgery and in danger of bleeding out. The top guy in charge of getting Donald his victory he is so quick to take credit for is telling Donald that withdrawing the troops right now is a bad idea. And to top it all off, you are leaving some of your allies to get slaughtered by Erdogan's Turkey. Good luck getting any of the locals to help when you inevitably have to go back to deal with the previous fuckup you left behind last time.
Yeah, but how about helping clean the mess you guys created in the first place. So we can avoid this cycle of you guys leaving a country in tatters and in the hands of the warlords you fought with. Because if you seriously think you won't be back in a couple years, if not months, then you haven't been paying attention.
I get the meme, but honestly, as a foreigner, I knew this was a long time coming. As soon as the US elected Bush Jr., twice, and I saw what the right wing media was doing to either attack critics of or spin any story in the favor of the administration, I knew something like Trump was coming. Hell, the world got a preview the very year Obama first got elected in Sarah Palin. Which confuses me to this day. People find out that Sarah Palin is unqualified for even being the president's back-up, and John McCain's campaign collapses. Donald was not only known to be unqualified to be president, let alone a Republican candidate, but he was demonstrating this to the world on a daily basis on his path to the presidency, as well as people finding out what a horrible human being he is in general. Yet still, people voted for him. And I get that Hillary was not popular, but it was either an experienced politician/operator who was the former Secretary of State or the guy who pretends to be rich for a living because the majority of his business ventures have either failed or have horribly failed, a-lá Trump University. He had the most open law suits against him than any other previous presidential candidate and was unwilling to disclose his tax returns. And yet people were willing to vote for him, but basically abandoned McCain for picking the female version of Donald. People are just so strange.
You are too kind, good sir! Happy holidays!
Like I said, I saw something like this coming. Over 50 years of being one of the world's leading super powers, followed by being the sole super power, as well as a thriving economy while the rest of the world was either catching up or recovering from the destruction of WW2, combined with a lack of understanding or appreciation of the broader world, a culture that promotes ignorance and shuns intellect, along with a political party that increasingly relied on populist tactics, even if they conflicted with their "principles", and you get people voting for Donald Trump. Hell, the moment the American people voted for Bush Jr. a second time, I knew that something like this was coming And though I will admit Obama led me to believe that the US was entering a new stage in its existence where it would no longer act like a dick just because it could. And yet, the fact that McCain went with Palin and some Republicans loved her, not to mention the Tea Party and their veiled racism under the guise of concern for the budget, told me that there was still a large portion of the US voter base that was living a delusion. My question is, should a recession hit while Donny is in charge and he inevitably fucks it up, will exposing him that way finally dispel the illusion some Republicans seem to be under? Or is Donald only the beginning and will they vote for the next nationalist populist who tells them how special they are?
I don't know how much of that was her and how much that was Russian bots spreading disinformation. I was actually in the US visiting family around the time of the election. As my family is Peruvian, discussing politics is kind of a must, especially at dinner tables. My brother's SO other, on the other hand isn't exactly the sharpest tool in the shed. Though she had several family members and friends who were in the country illegally, she benefitted greatly from many of the entitlement plans that Donald was threatening to cut, and disapproved of his history of cheating on his wives (she claims to be religious), she said she couldn't push herself to vote for Hillary. When my mom asked why, she said she had seen videos that explained why Donald was calling her "Killary" and couldn't vote for a candidate that was going to actively be promoting and mandating planned parenthood to perform as many abortions as possible. Since she was pregnant with my brothers son at the time, and despite the fact that if ACA had been repealed they would have been financially fucked, we didn't say anything. Luckily our state voted intelligently, but it was people like her in other key swing states that believe whatever Russia propaganda they unwittingly stumble upon on Facebook that helped Donald immensely to get elected. The people who place learning about the candidates before voting as the least important priority. And that's even if they vote at all, as a difficult decision of the lesser of two evils might turn them off completely. Had she only a slightly better education, even with her religious beliefs, maybe she would have been able to see through the obvious bull shit that was coming out. Instead of questioning the sources she was reading, she accepted anything she read at face value as she really wasn't well versed in the subject matter.
And that's precisely my point. The real damage Donald caused wasn't what he did during his administration. It's that when he was elected, the US signalled to the whole world that with the right message, you can get anyone elected to the White House. It doesn't matter how much damage they could potentially cause the country, even if their intentions are publicly known. Many in the US are yearning for a candidate that will preach and implement nationalist and populist ideologies and policies. And should the next guy (because, let's be honest, these people don't want women in charge) who follows in Donald's foot steps have even a remote idea of what they are doing, then I pray to whatever God there is out there that the voter base is on their game that election year. Because in the hands of a competent madman, the US could seriously harm the rest of the planet.
I am a simple man. I see Golden Boy, I upvote.
I am an econ major who makes a living off of day trading. And even though I'm not American, I make my living off of trading the US stock market and spent almost half my life in the states and still have family there. So I have a stake in the US doing economically well, but almost not stakes in who gets elected. So long as they actions and words don't start fucking up the economy (unlike the orange man with the dead fox covering his bald spot) I don't care what their politics are. So I kinda have to view it from a neutral as stand point as I can, or else my biases will get in the way my eventual mistakes will lead to me losing money. Luckily, my education gave me a head start to understanding the market and me being a foreigner gave me a 3rd party perspective that those who have stake in the politics can not easily attain. Not saying I'm smart/wise or any shit like that. What I am saying isn't exactly ground breaking nor am I the first one to think this. I'm just saying that the path I chose in life both helped me and forces me to approach this topic with as little biased as possible.
To be perfectly honest, the problem I see that needs addressing first is the fact that because voters were unwilling to even do a little bit of homework on the background of the candidates before rhey voted, many of them are psychologically unable to stop supporting Trump, because not doing so would admit they were wrong. And to a true Trump supporter, they may as well be dead then be wrong. And that's before we even get to the dropping standards in the school system. And the further you go into the rural areas, the generally worse the public schooling is, sacrificing learning how to think critically, the scientific process, and basic logic, in favor of teaching spreading the words of a book written about 2 thousand years ago by men, which has been translated countless of times, whose translations were then translated themselves, until we got here.
I wonder if this was really the case? I mean, I know women are viewed as 2nd class citizens among those groups of the far right, so I can see how they may make that conclusion. But to a logically thinking adult, that just doesn't make much sense. Could these people really be that thick?
Well, he could have just helped a moron win the US presidency to humiliate and at the same time weaken one of Russia's chief rivals. The fact that Donald has essentially helped Mueller build a case against him, using his own interviews and Tweets against him, leads me to believe he really is a moron who got in over his head.
That's a pretty strong starting XI. Poch must be weary of what Everton can do this season.
And the funny/sad thing is that in a couple of months/years, when the US has to back to the Middle East again because the mess they left behind has started to become a problem for them. Except, only this time, some of the allies they had amongst the locals will no longer see it worth cooperating with the US. At best they will feign friendliness and practice apathy. At worst, the locals carry a grudge and don't mind selling information to the enemy.
No, you're not supposed to use tariffs to help industries that are hurt by free trade. There are better ways to help the people in these industries but protectionaism isn't it. You're supposed to take some of the gains from free trade and allocate them to those who have been displaced. Instead, the US gives the majority of gains from trade to a few, and then proceeded to give these few a nice fat tax cut on top, where the richer you were, the more you gained from Donald's single legislative victory. Mind you, protectionism looks different and affects the world different when implemented by some developing country with a small economy. Meanwhile, if the US, being the richest country in the world, and therefore, logically, home of some of the world most expensive workers. Add in how connected the world has become and how almost everything is made up of materials that come in from almost all the continents on the planet. And he won't be able to bring back those low skill manufacturing jobs that are now overseas, as the number of countries that can do that work cheaper than the US would mean that the US has to essentially wage trade wars with the majority of the world. If your a country as big as the US, it is silly and outdated to protect domestic industries that other countries can do the work more efficiently, aside from the necessities.
Ooo, edgy. Did you just turn 17 recently? Well congratulations, Carolyn. You're becoming quite the young woman with each passing day, despite your ridiculous mood swings sometimes.
Eh, I'm just writing my observations on reddit comments. I'm not doing anything groundbreaking here, and I would hope that any other rational, open minded and yet skeptical individual would be able to come to the same conclusions.
You basically took my idea and presented it much more succinctly and eloquently than I ever could. Kudos to you, good sir/ma'am.
Nice try, Bill Johnson...
Your kids like playing with boxes as well? That's awesome dude. Those are some nice boxes you got there, so I'm sure they will have a blast this xmas.
You know, I see stuff like this and can't help but think Poch is leaving. The way its described by just about every source with inside knowledge, Poch and Levy work famously well with one another. And it would seem that as long as Levy supports Poch in his plans, Poch may well become our SAF. I know some will say that the club not making any signings this past summer shows that the club can't match Poch's ambition. But I would argue that what that actually shows is that 1. How much quality Poch is able to extract from players that cost a fraction of their Top 6 rival counterparts, who they at times outperform, and 2. Finding players who will be able to provide depth and not lower the overall quality of the team is made that much more difficult given our financial strength compared to the rest of the Top 6. Add in a shorter buy window given the WC, and you basically leave our club in the unique position where our overachieving is now making adding depth to the squad more difficult than it was before. So as frustrated as Poch may be with this past summer's transfer market activity, I really doubt it upset him to the point where he leaves before we start playing in the new stadium. And I'm sure part of the reason Kane, Dele, and Jan have extended their contract is because Poch assured them he is in this for the long run.
It works on so many levels.
&gt; world cup winning strikers And &gt; Giroud. I completely forgot that is a valid statement now. Going to take me a moment to get used to that one.
Haha, they are doing the Skibidi challenge...
Jokes on both of you, this is from Conan.
Alan Hutton?
Correct me if I'm wrong, but don't they run the risk of salmonella by ingesting those eggs raw?
Anyone else think Ruffolo doing the thing with his hands looks both cheesy and hilarious AF?
Just for shits and giggles, what do you think a GoFundMe campaign to pay for Eriksen's wages would pull in? For this hypothetical, assume it's been endorsed and advertised by the club, as well as being okay'ed by UEFA, FIFA, and any other governing body.
What about if you have CWP?
Gotcha
Can Kante ever not smile?
Don't we have a court for this?
Who are you talking about?
Allan Hutton
I believe its 'Walloon'.
I don't know about anybody else, but I personally can't wait for next year's 'Kwanzaa week of shitposting'.
Does anyone know how the testimony of children is used in modern day cases? Like, how does the law take into account that children have active imaginations and poorly developed ethics?
Everyone knows that Hitler and the Nazis were socialists. So if anything, they are left wing. Obligatory "/s".
I dont think many of us are. Most of us find it funny, especially if we end up above City this season.
No.
He's alright.
My puts makes me a shit ton of money.
Not when Ronaldo was there. Apparently, people would get changed in the locker room without ever saying a single word to each other. And this was when you guys were winning, so I'd hate the see the gloomy mood present in the changing room now.
Quaestor? Did Italy go back to being the Roman Empire since last I checked?
Seriously? Nothing really. Depression is an internal struggle that no one outside the person suffering can truly understand and help overcome.
Gotcha. Do you guys have any other offices that bear a title that originally came from a Roman origin? Western society in general is largely a product of the Roman legacy, I can only imagine that legacy is much more apparent in Italy itself. Hence the question.
&gt; A lot of people also forget now, it took a few for the Marvel ones to hit theirs I'm sorry, but did you forget all about the enormous success of Iron Man? I will admit, the first Thor was forgettable at best, and Captain America was decent. There would be one more Iron Man before we jumped into the critical success Avengers was. DC had a decent start with Man of Steel but knew there were issues beneath the surface, and proceeding to deliver train wreck after progressively worse train wrecks, with a brief break for Wonder Woman, before culminating in the trainwreck that was Justice League. I agree with a lot of what you said, but it would be intellectual dishonest to compare the trajectory of DC with Marvel's, and come out with the conclusion that you are seeing similar activity.
Thinking about future events makes me wonder if they will age the characters as the series progresses. Assuming we make it to where the books are right now, Persepolis Rising, then about 30 years will have passed since the start of the series. And I hope that they respect this in some respect because, though I know they have crazy future technology that has expanded the average life span well 100 on Mars, the showing of age on the characters will show that Holden and Naomi really are ready to settle down and give the Rosci to the next crew. Plus I know they don't plan on doing any unnecessary spin offs or such tack to milk the cow as much as possible. Or worse, go the way of Game of Thrones and start incorporating fan service.... **cringe*
And you're point being? It doesn't change the fact that to anyone with even a modicum of economic understanding would know that its plain to see that Donald learned absolutely nothing about economics by the time he finished his degree. Even if his daddy didn't pay for his diploma, Donald could have done the least to graduate. I know plenty of peope who successfully completed that way.
Is anyone else a tad concerned about this prospective move? I feel like it will surely mess up our rhythm and concentration, leaving us to cede the league to Liverpool before it a title race is truly underway.
I can agree with that sentiment. Even at Juve the team wasn't built around him and he was performing so admirably that it earned a move back to Old Trafford. Where his performances rank him now would make me a bit hesitant to make him the center piece of a team at the top level. And, no, I'm not disregarding Pogba's potential. But it doesn't seem like he is the type of player the rest of the team looks up to when the chips are down and they need a moment of individual quality and magic that pulls off the win. Prior to Ole's first game, even though it felt like the team was not meshing well, it also felt like there wasn't anyone player that was going to be the catalyst for the change you needed. And now that Mourinho is gone, I still don't see a player that can take on the burden and responsibility of having the team built around them. But that's just my take. I'm some random douchebag on the internet, so what do I know?
Then you must have not studied economics. Because, like I said, anyone with even a modicum understanding of undergrad economics would not be doing or saying what he does. His actions reveal that he obviously didn't pay attention to neither macro or international economics. What he is saying about the Fed also demonstrates that he didn't pay attention during his banking and monetary policy classes either. And if he doesn't know about macroeconomics, how international economics work, or how the Fed functions, then I have no fucking clue what the point of his diploma is. Yet unfortunately, I know several fellow econ grads that left college with the same level of knowledge as Donald. I believe you are saying what you are since you didn't study economics and since its outside your realm of expertise, you are falling back on your knowledge of the prestige of his school to get a sense of the situation, which is a logical strategy. And I am not telling you that ivy league schools are full of morons that graduate because their parents essentially buy their diplomas. But there are certainly cases of students coasting by in school by just beating the bell curve, especially when they are not relying on grants and scholarships to pay for school, which Donald didn't need. And there are also instances of students with parents that have enough money, where the kids essentially get a lot more do overs than their poorer peers or the administration is willing to overlook certain mistakes that would otherwise cause delays in their academic progress. Donald's actions lead me to believe he graduated with his degree due in large part thanks to a combination of the two factors I described, rather than his intelligence or hard work. Either of the latter two would have led to a much more different administration and policies. And you don't have to take my word for it. Come on over to /r/economics to see how others with a passion for economics feel about Donald. You will rarely hear anyone who knows anything about the topic speak positively about his administration.
No wonder they survive so many times when the odds are stacked ridiculously against them.
Hulk 1 wasn't a Marvel studios film. And Hulk 2, while having their input, was a hell of a lot better a film than BvS, Justice League, and Suicide Squad had you taken all the best parts of all 3 films and secretly put heroin in all the soda fountains before offering every moviegoer free drinks if they watch the resulting DCU film.
Yeah sure, but a unique mechanic does not the best game make. Not to mention, building structures on the fly during PvP has already been done. I'm not saying the game is bad, but it certainly wasn't a "game of the year" experience. But then again, this is all subjective so I guess I shouldn't be surprised if peope believe that their favorite flavor of ice cream is the best.
Claiming that supporting a tax plan means they endorse the entirety if his economic policies is the real joke here. It's the kind if thinking that his supporters probably use to make themselves feel better for having voted for a moron.
I believe Rust, which started as a mod, has been doing that since before 2014 (which was when I first tried it). It certainly wasn't (to to be truthfully honest, still isn't) as polished as Fortnite, even after it became a full game. And I would even admit that Fortnite is the superior product in almost every way, but it certainly wasn't the first game to employ this mechanic. They just added it to the battle royal mode that was pioneered by PUBG (which I also felt was overhyped). I am not sure why you bring up RDR2 as I'm pretty sure I didn't. Unless that was your odd way of segueing into making the claim that it's the only other contender for GOTY. In which case, I would also have to disagree. Not because RDR2 was bad, but because there are at least a couple other contenders, and not all of them rated M.
So, apparently they define the act of cyberbullying as: &gt;posting a message or statement in a public media forum about any other person... &gt;...the message or statement is intended to place a person in fear of bodily harm or death and expresses an intent to commit violence against the person... But then there is a bit about &gt;... pattern of harassing or intimidating behavior... They mention it several times in the article in quotations, so I think that might also be part of the definition. At first I was relieved that it seemed like the law focused on people making death threats, which seemed entirely logical. But then I noticed that they also used the word "harass", which can make things vague as fuck. The article makes mention of a case where a 13 year old girl committed suicide after being bullied and taunted on FB, so I'm not sure if they are trying to say if this was the impetus for the passing of this law? The police said the social media posts did not indicate any criminal wrongdoing, so I'm not sure how this law would have changed anything. Especially since, as I stated previously, her going to school with these people would mean the bullying continuing even if the internet stopped functioning that day until the day she would have graduated from high school. Edit: spelling. My b, didn't realize how disrespectful that could have sounded.
Is that a tattoo of a mouth taking a tab of acid on her shoulder?
Yes, I believe that's what I said. Edit: in regards to the 2nd part, no, it would not be clear that this law would do anything. We don't know what was said aside from the fact it was wasn't criminal, which we can assume would include threats on her person. This law defines cyberbullying as making threats. So no, this law, as it's currently written, wouldn't do much. Especially considering that the kids bullying her were probably the same age.
Are... you.. are you being serious?
If its random online bullies, yes you can disconnect. Snapchat, Instagram, and Facebook are not necessary for one to live a normal life. And if they become a source of anxiety, you simply cancel your account and delete the app. It's that simple when your dealing with people that you dont know in real life and we should be teaching this to kids. Rather than try to shelter them from every single thing in this world. And if the bullies are people you actually know, then preventing the bullying from taking place online isn't going to stop anything. Like I said, the problem is deeper than that and needs to be addressed as such. Preventing it from happening online and leaving it at that is worse than ignoring the problem, because you've tricked yourself into thinking that you've done anything about it.
Yeah, I'm aware of the comic and film. But my question is why does it apply to this picture? I get the Dredd part, the person has (ridiculous) dreads. But where did Judge come from? There is nothing in the picture even remotely referencing judges, law enforcement, dystopian futures/societies, nothing. It just seems like OP went with the title because they couldn't think of anything else to go with the dreads part. But don't get me wrong. I probably couldn't come up with anything more clever, so I'm not knocking it. I just wanted to make sure I didn't miss out on something.
Yeah, but that tattoo says LSD.
&gt; My dude, *we're talking about teenagers here. Those are their lives. Yes, and this is where adults come in and correct them. &gt; This is absolutely not how the brain of a teenager works or even most normal people. Most people lack the awareness to quickly address these things before they spiral out of control. WTF, no. How do you imagine an adult goes on about a situation like this? Random people online are insulting them day in and day out, and this adult keeps coming online for more and takes it all to heart, over and over again until they commit suicide? Are you fucking kidding me? 1. an adult doesn't let what random online strangers get to them. And, 2. an adult shouldn't be spending enough time online, in a site where random online strangers continually insult them, till the point where they are driven to suicide. In fact, any adult who has an issue dealing with online bullying has far more psychological and developmental issues. Teenagers, I understand why they would submit themselves to this kind of torture. But that's where an adult steps in and shows them how healthy adults deal with issues like this. Not encourage them to continue to deal with problems like children. &gt; I never said anything about what are appropriate courses of action. I simply said ignoring it isn't the answer and will only make it worse. And I never said you should ignore it. I said you need to deal with a deeper problem, usually in person. &gt; Further, for teens, they "have" to come back some time. No, they don't have to do shit. They don't have to have social media to have social life. In fact, there are several parents that don't let their kids have social media and those kids do just fine. Sure, they may get looks the first time, but it's not like not having social media leads to one being entirely ostracized. By acting like social media is a necessity for happiness, you're not only encouraging unhealthy behavior, you're fostering the environment where this kind of bullying can take place. Also, you trying to pass off your ignorance and inability to picture an alternative way of living as some sort of virtue is just sickening. Get out into the world a little before taking that "holier than thou" attitude.
I went to high school just as social media was starting, with a younger brother 3 grades under me. Any bullying that was happening online was happening in school as well. I imagine you can get away with saying nastier stuff online, but then again, you can't get physically hurt.
Precisely. It's just bored people with too much time on their hands looking for something to complain about. Or worse, politicians taking a serious topic and twisting it for their nefarious means. The case of the 13 y.o. girl who committed suicide that the article mentions wouldn't even have been saved by this law. The things her classmates were telling her on FB, as far as what the cops are saying, wouldn't have been covered under this law.
Just because our technology allows something doesn't mean we have to take advantage of it. That's gotta be the most obtuse approach to progress I've ever come across.
Gotcha. Thanks for clearing that up. So, calling someone an 'assclown', 'cockgobbler', and/or 'pickleweasel' wouldn't count as cyberbullying?
I mean, so what if they get made fun of? I may not be able to share your concern as a father, but I can relate as an uncle and godfather. And if the kids in my family having to suffer being made fun of is the worst thing they have to go through, then I would be very thankful.
I mean, if you want a president who upholds the constitution, maybe going with the guy who not only had a tendency to flaunt the laws and then brag about getting away with it, but also spoke about breaking the law when he got into office, was a bad idea?
I'm confused by one part.... How can you be lacking apathy and empathy at the same time? One would think it's one or the other?
Booooooo.
Um, congrats, I guess? Do you want a sticker so that you can show it off to your friends and family or something?
Can you provide an example as to whatever you are talking about? Because, I'm going to be honest, it sounds like you're talking out your ass. But I figured I'd give you the benefit of the doubt and let you explain yourself.
Have you ever been?
Jesus christ, you Americans sure can come out pretty retarded. How fucked up is your public education that some of your people come out sounding as ignorant as you do?
What did it cost?
Yeah, no I'm rooting for ya. Just saying, that took balls.
Ah, the clueless American chimes in.
Why not?
Just out of curiosity, do you know any reputable economist that are supporting these tariffs?
According to who?
&gt; Increasing share of foreign-born workers reflect steady flow of immigrants, slower growth of native born, experts say Its not as simple as you're making it out to be. There is no silver bullet that is going to fix this, or any of the challenges society faces for that matter. You would think people on /r/economics would be more aware of this but there seems to be a general dumbing down of this sub of late, it seems.
Obama pissed off some of the working/middle class, and he did that by simply being a black man for a lot of his critics. I know many working and middle class minorities that have no problem with Obama overall but can't stand Donald.
Lmao
Is it? People being idiots with a gun is much more dangerous than being idiots with, say a computer or car.
Your doing God's work, son.
Yes. If someone chases me with a car, I just have to make it over a decently built barrier that goes up to the waist and unless that bitch is a Hummer or some other military vehicle, the average car is not gonna be much of a problem. A gun, on the other hand, can still kill me.
Oh man... if we can pull off what L'pool did with that Coutinho. And not that I wish Christian any ill will or anything like that, but it would not be too terrible if he has a similar time in Spain as well. Would certainly signal to all our players that moving to the Big 2 in Spain won't necessarily work out in your favour.
Wait, so is the client suing because her ex is dating her bestfriend? Or did I miss something?
Am I the only one that sees this as a cry for help? How do you live like that....
Daaaaayuuum, Michel don't fuck around.
It is? If so, that's such a bad joke that people can't even tell its a joke.
Gotcha. Over 10 years in the US and I still find myself a FOB at times, lmao.
Now imagine a truck driver snapping and going postal with an AK-47 after having removed the simple little pin that prevents you from firing it fully automatic.
Lmao... I read this and saw a scene where Fulham management comes up to Sessegnon and while having talks of his future, they mention that Utd is interested in putting in bid, making him get very desperate to complete his move to us for fear they end up selling him to play for Solskjaer. Or at least, that's how my headcanon goes.
Is the thinking that all the of-age males need to be ready to defend the country at any given time? Would make sense if you're sharing a border with Kim Jong Un and China, not to mention what they experienced at the hand of the Japanese. I would also make sure my peoples are all able to defend themselves if I found my country in a similar situation.
Wait, what?!?
Ah, I too recently learned about Google. Do you need a little video explaining how it works?
Either this is peak cringe or the sarcasm flew over many of our heads.
I mean, I'm pretty sure he is disliked all around London, if I had to guess.
Cna confirm. Having been a foreigner in a different country myself. The thing is, I stopped doing dumb shit like that the moment I got into college and started learning about the nuances of reality. However, isn't Ozil about to be 30 or something?
Would be hilarious if it ends up not working.
Marijuana and warheads (remember those?)
Anyone got a link to the celebrations?
Tips beret.
The real lesson here is that we shouldn't take medical advice from celebrities that don't happen to also have a medical degree (like Ken Jeong). Her career shouldn't be ruined just because she's a dumbass when it comes to this particular topic, because people shouldn't be getting their medical information from celebrities and social media.
Assuming the Ndombele and Lo Celso moves come to fruition, that would mean we break out transfer record twice in one window. I want to believe we are taking the steps to make it to the next level, yet at the same time, the fact that we are Tottenham and Levy is our chairman is making my Post-Tottenham Stress Disorder act up.
Just out of curiosity, where do you see all these Spurs fans claiming that Ndombele will line up next to Sissoko? For all we know Poch plans on playing him on the wings and none of us would say a word.
Did you just start following Chelsea or something? You have got to be willfully ignorant in order to seriously make that claim.
This. Especially when you consider the fact that Real might be in for him as well. Add the fact that he speaks French and Zidane is basically trying to buy any French speaking player, and you know that this is going to be one drawn out transfer saga.
Why would people be mad? Is it going to be exclusively on Amazon?
That article is not worth reading. All those words and they managed to say absolutely nothing.
Yeah, I'm sure he won't put up with those things for his six figure per week salary. That's just asking too much of anyone...
Yeah, what kind of evil asshole expects his contract to be paid out? Doesn't he know that decent human beings sacrifice their money in order to help out one of the richest clubs in the world save some money? Jeeze, what an asshole. Expecting Real to honor his contract and shit.... who the fuck would want that?!?
What did Cobain do that made him fucked up?
Is he related to Beckham?
Yeah... the rest of the world is fully aware that the US is not a "cause for good in the world". Why do you think everyone on the Western hemisphere sees the US as the biggest obstacle for world peace? The whole "leader of the free world" is derided as deluded none-sense outside the US.
If Houston and Dallas are seeing poor attendance, why start a third football club in the same state? Legit question.
I get you're point, but the free market principle doesn't imply you'll get a new baby but that as a result of people shunning that company and any others that use similar ingredients in their products, their competitors took note and probably did a revisit of their formula to make sure they don't face a similar lawsuit or lose customers. If anything, the principal of the free market wasn't really disproven in that particular example. What the government has to do is make sure the consumer(s) is(are) on the same footing as a mega corporation in the court of law. Ideally, this should always be the case. But the reality is more complicated and the worrying trend, for me at least, is governments regressing back to a time when the interests of the wealthy few should overide the need to provide for the less fortunate many.
Logical fallacy there. That's like me trying to sell you anti-tiger stones, pointing out that since I've had these stones, you haven't had a tiger attack. Nevermind the fact that you live in North America...
What if the manager is Moyes?
I mean, the US doesn't give a fuck about human rights either when it doesn't involve its citizens. Shiiiit, depending on your skin color, even as a citizen, your human rights might not be all that important. I'm not saying to take a passive role, but I am saying that the US should take a less aggressive stance. Why does it have to be all one way or the other? Are you telling me that we are incapable of approaching international diplomacy with nuance?
Why don't you think this is real?
Why?
And we're allowed to call you stupid for being unable to understand that different people have different values. See?
Lmao @ all the Real Madrid fans on here that kept talking about how Perez would find a way to offload him this summer.
How do you know Bale can get his wages subsidized if he leaves on loan while not getting a paycut? Without that assumption, you have no argument for calling him a cunt.
This is getting re-goddamned-diculous.
What does "green and gold" mean?
Its actually saved my life once. A friend and I were making a trip from San Diego (Whale's Vagina) to DC by car and logically loaded up on as many drugs as we could get to make the trip more tolerable. Welp, as luck would have it, we eventually got to a Border Patrol checkpoint while crossing Texas and they just so happened to pick us for the drug search. Welp, they search our car and find the drugs. And while they are confronting us, my friend fakes a seizure. Couple of minutes later, they not only let us go but let us keep the drugs too. Talk about bullshit saving the day.
&gt; ~~Trump~~ American Republicans ~~has~~ have a hard-on for conflict FTFY
Kinda pertinent, given how everyone is telling Levy to go for broke and gamble on Pochettino by maybe relaxing of the purse strings and backing our manager in the transfer market. I'm sure Leeds is in the back of Levy's mind every time he hears this.
If Neymar's career is average, I wonder how one would categorize the career of any United player after SAF left...
Have you seen the comments on this post? Its all memes anyways.
Hey, we're in the same boat. Let's be friends!
Imagine if Iran flew unmanned drones that close to the US...
1. Have a source? 2. You do realize that the US has done nothing but fuck over Iran since they got their independence, correct?
Poor ol' US, not being allowed to tell people in other countries how to live. Don't they know that the rest of the world is supposed to serve American interests?
Hands down, one of the best features of that game.
You really don't understand how international trade works, do you?
RIP In Peace.
Pards in the US is a reality I want to live in. Americans will love him and his antics.
"How was your day today?" "What did you do today?" You know, the kind of questions normal people ask. People love to talk about themselves, so asking them to share about themselves is the easiest way to get people talking.
"Thanks for the compliment, it's really flattering. But I like boobies and vaginas."
So he was biting people so he could win?
I apologize, I'll try to keep my vocabulary at a level you can keep up with.
I just think he's a cunt when it comes to football. There many competitive players out there, yet he is the only one that pulls off shit like this. It's almost like he just wants to win, even if its in the most embarrassing way possible.
"Wait, these fuckers don't have any proof" - 8 y.o. me
Yeah, i have no clue what you're on about... but whatever you say!
Oh, sorry. I guess I completely forgot about the rest of that episode.
Yeah, maybe its just me, but it just doesn't feel like a win if you have to embarrass yourself in the process.
Oh, apologies. I wasn't taking you seriously, was I supposed to?
If anything, I'm disappointed there wasn't someone who thought of it before I did.
Not American, try again.
Especially in this political climate. I have a friend who was labeled a creep just because he would hold the door open for ladies.
Except that's not how it works. Which top club needs a box-to-box midfielder? Or are you just unwilling to admit that you're talking out your ass?
Okay, so what other top clubs need a player like him? Because I hate to break it to you, but no one really cares about which clubs you think are "Top". Certainly no one who works in the industry.
You seem to have trouble understanding the realities here, even when I spoon feed it to you. So I'm just going to have to assume you're an American that just started watching the sport. Welcome and enjoy!
I'm glad. What made you want to watch the sport? Aren't you guys usually into basketball and your version of football? Do you have a favorite league or team yet?
Do you guys really think we can make the changes necessary to win the league in one transfer window? It seems like we will be plugging in some holes in our squad rather than upgrading our squad. I just see what squads Liverpool and City have at their disposal and I just can't see us overtaking either of them over 38 league games. I could see us challenging in the CL again before we take a league challenge all the way to the end.
You seem to be avoiding the question about which team you support. Why is that? Don't tell me you're an Arsenal fan....
Would be interesting to see how the Glazers respond if Ole doesn't hit the ground running this season. I know United are trying a long-term approach this season, but what is the minimum requirement? Surely, an EL finish is the bare minimum?
Nope. I just haven't fallen for the "US fights for freedom" propaganda you seem to have eaten up.
Yeah, you can take that bullshit somewhere else. Because plenty of players have had horrible lifes yet Suarez is the only cunt biting people (among other cuntish behavior). Now I realize you are having a hard time admitting you're wrong, what with the loving way your sniffing your own farts. But seriously, all you have to do is take a couple of minutes to think this through to realize that you're continuing to talk out your ass and sounding like a retard while doing it. I hate to break it to you, but you're not being witty or insightful. You're just in denial. Good luck climbing down from your high horse.
What are you talking about? Levy has been nothing but a god send to this club... Or would you prefer to go back to being a mid-table club?
I don't see much of Serie A these days... is he a bigger prospect than Alisson?
I didn't realize Captain America was big on football.
But he isn't doing it in this instance. If everyone who ever acted like an asshole was automatically and permanently labeled a douchebag , then you would probably be part of the group as well.
Gotcha. Welp, here's hoping they take Qatar F.C. to the cleaners.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.... what's wrong with Dean Cain?
Even if they didn't, the number of countries where the cost of labor is cheaper than the US is too many to impose tariffs in hopes of bringing manufacturing jobs back to the US. Donald is going to end up waging trade wars with the rest of the world before that happens.
You do realize there are many more countries where manifacturing will move to before it goes to the US. You can have a high quality of life or you can have manufacturing jobs. One or the other, not both.
No, that would not be the case. Trump is a moron, that's true. But excluding the US from the global economy would be just as, if not more so, moronic.
So you're a Vietnamese communist posting on /r/econonics?!?
Precisely. He isn't interested in extracting value from the club like the Glazers, Ashley, or Kroenke. He isn't pulling a Leeds just because we made it to the CL final. He had the best interest of this club in mind and has lead us to our most successful period in the PL era. I bet you that if given the choice, United and Arsenal fans would take him and Lewis in a heartbeat over the crooks they have running their clubs.
Do you not realize that people don't go over every person's reddit post history or are you lacking this much self-awareness?
Bloodborne. I've got that bitch memorized like the back of my hand.
I'm actually still worried this will all playout like the Willian transfer saga. The more articles I see claiming "its almost done", the more I get the feeling someone like Real or Bayern is going to swoop in at the last minute. I just hope Pogba starts kicking up a fuss about wanting to leave United soon, or something.
Like, philosophically speaking "wrong"? Or more like poor quality journalism "wrong"?
Pardon my slowness, but could you elaborate what you mean by that last part?
I mean, yes, by throwing the US into a none-stop recession by no longer participating in the world econony, you would eventually make Americans so poor that manifacturing jobs go back to the US. But that's the equivalent of going around shooting people just because you want to give doctors more business. You get what you want, but its downright moronic to do that.
Lmao, you know... aside the ones you guys have installed. Jesus, not only delusional, but poorly educated as well. No wonder you guys elected a reality T.V. star for president.
I get that part. But why did this last CL lose teach PSG that, as opposed to any other of their knockouts after making expensive acquisitions?
So much for bidding for Eriksen.
Is he really comparing Daniel James to CR7 and Rooney?
I thought I read that Moyes tore it all down when he arrived at Utd?
And yet you guys still installed dictators afterwards. Fucking go read a book for once in your life.
Not really. I just research before I open my mouth. Or are you implying we should all talk out of our asses??
I mean, anyone can make a point by being purposely obtuse. Way to suck the nuance out of the conversation...
.... my point remains because you had to rely on being obtuse to disprove it. Or are you not understanding what I was saying?
"Security risk"
Would it? Transfer fees not only make up a tiny percent of the actual cost of a player, they are often paid over a period of time. Yes, getting a transfer fee is better than getting none, but its not because clubs operate on the "net spend" model. It wouldn't really devastate us if he leaves for free next season. What would devastate us would be if we were in a situation like United or Arsenal with Sanchez or Ozil respectively. Except United can kinda afford to waste that kind money. Arsenal are going to be hamstrung in the transfer market, regardless of how much they make from transfer fees.
Sure buddy.
Not really. Considering that the same borders created by the Europeans powers carved out of the Ottoman empire still exist and continue to be a source of the conflict, then the blame is still valid.
But ISIS isn't the sole problem the region is facing. Even if you remove ISIS, tribal affairs will continue to spiral into armed conflicts because many of the countries in the Middle East weren't supposed to exist. What do you think, the Kurdish state situation is going to be resolved once ISIS is defeated? What about the hostility between Israel and the Muslim countries of the region? You're oversimplifying the problems of a region that go back to the collapse of the Ottoman Empire and making the situation out to be as if the region was experiencing stability prior to the US being involved. Mind you, for regions like Iran and Iraq, yeah the US deserves the majority of the blame. But the Middle East is made up for more than just Iran and Iraq.
This might actually explain it.... I was wonder how we become Chelsea FC every time Copa America comes around.
To be faaaaaiiirr
Are you religious?
Why do you think its cringey?
How are they larping? And if most rational people already understand, why is it still an issue?
Do all the members dress like vampires? They erect statues of demons in public spaces because they are protesting religious iconography of any kind. Seriously, how are you unable to make the connection? Lastly, if everyone took your point of view, black people would still be considered 3/5ths a person in the US... I can understand you complaining because you have a better solution to propose. Not just whine because people want to take action. Its just so childish....
So, is it a toss up of whose got the worse primarch between the World Eaters and Night Lords? Of all the traitor astartes, it was at least good for a while for the members of Sons of Horus, Emperor's Children, Death Guard, Thousand Sons, Word Bearers, and Alpha Legion. The primarchs of those legions saw their astartes as their sons and went to some lengths to treat them as such. For the Iron Warriors, there might not have been any love from their gene-father (and too harsh type of discipline), but at least there was some semblance of order and peace once the legionaries started to meet Perturabo's satisfaction. For the members of the Nightlords and World Eaters, they were a lot better off before they met they were introduced to their progenitors, and the Emperor would have been better applying the same outcome he incurred on the II and XI primarchs, to K~~C~~onrad and Angron. I guess the Nightlords could at least take pride in the fact that their genefather had at least conquered their planet, if tentatively. Angron was basically useless from the get go.
What does the cost of healthcare skyrocketing have to do with economics? Is that really your question?
Because a good portion of the US electorate has been brainwashed by all the Hollywood media (ironic, given how often its actually these people complaining about Hollywood's influence) to believe that wars are just like the movie, with the Americans saving the day, all the brown foreigners being thankful, and the "bad guys" going down like Saturday morning cartoon villains thanks to American willpower and Christian ethics. Honestly, this was the basic gyst of explanations I got from Americans when I asked why they thought they would succeed in Iraq, and I wouldn't be shocked if we get the same thing this time around. Except, maybe this time, we'll get more people admitting that they just want to go kill foreigners.
I didn't realize the US military operated like teenage girls, having a hissy fit every time they hear someone has been talking shit about them.
Just out of curiosity, how bad are the schools at your trailer park? You would think the last 18+ years of wars in the middle east would have taught you people to butt the fuck out of others business.
Who the fuck is this so called "prison expert"?
I'd say make it so that the US can only go to war if Donald's childrens have to be in the front lines.
You don't even know where I'm from, making you seem even more idiotic than I originally though. Because all the times the US has gotten involved on my home continent, shit has gotten worse. If the US were to cease existing, I wouldn't be that bothered.
Is this even English?!?! Because I have no idea what you are saying.
&gt; Ah coming from the one running a country believing in an invisible Man in the sky who says women are worth less Wait, are you talking about Iran or the Southern US?
I don't see anyone saying that. I see a whole lot of "well, he is"-type of sentiment. But the only way you could confuse that for "Iran president is a saint" is if you have trouble dealing with your candidate being criticized.
How fragile must your collective ego as a nation be if you need to bomb a country whenever they insult your politicians?
I didn't realize telling other people to fight for you meant you had balls. I was under the impression his draft dodging ass was rather cowardly.
Not really. Its just prudent to remove none essential personnel from a potential conflict escalation. Not saying things between the US and Iran aren't tense, but this isn't the sign of looming war you're looking for.
Remember that time Obama was laughed at in the UN? Oh yeah, me neither.
Wait, so someone linking this story proves that reddit is hijacked by Iranian influencers?
I've yet to see anyone say they want Americans to die (asdie from stories coming out of Iran). Do you have any links to comments such as these or do you normally talk this much shit?
Why can't you provide any links if they are all over the place? Is it maybe that you're just talking shit you can't prove?
Sorry, who's Big Easy?
Which attack? And who is saying this?
Okay then, show me a comment where anyone says "Iran is the good guy".
What kind are you looking for? Even though we all call them the same thing, each latin country has its take on empanadas.
O okay. I thought since the thread was about Primarchs, you had used a nickname for one of them and I had spent the past half an hour, racking my brain trying to remember which Primarch's name started with E.
Ah, TIL. You know, it may be just me, but when it comes to the US and the use of the term "terrorist", I just don't pay attention. They throw that word around so much, it has lost all meaning. Not to mention, their little screw up when they said that Saddam had weapons of mass destruction, or how he had been involved in 9/11, or how Iran was also, at the same time, involved in 9/11. All while ignoring the Saudis.... Yeah, I just don't trust the US when it comes to terrorism.
IMHO, not if it sparks a war.
i'm not american, so clam your titties. I just don't trust Americans when it comes to them invading foreign countries. I guess you just don't know shit about what they've done on my continent. Either way, so when did you immigrate to the West? Or were you born in a Western country?
so, where you born there or were you born in the west?
What... is Sex Explained about? Like, is it what it sounds like?
oh hey, that's cute. my counsin's spanish is just as bad. so when did you go back to Iran? based on your tone of writing, i'm assuming in your late teens?
Eh, I wouldn't be too hard on the lad. He's only 19 and in his first season with a new, very disjointed, team. I know he's got talent, but its not realistic to expect every young player to come in and have the impact that, say, Dele had when he first joined us. Or how Liverpool got lucky with their fullbacks. Those finds are rare treasures.
First time I was actually thankful to have missed a game thanks to waking up with a skull-splitting migraine.
holy shit, i was just re-reading this and I realized I was completely wrong. I thought you were an American-born Iranian who was born to Iranian parents who fled after the fall of the Shah, and as an adult spending so much time in the US, you had become so Americanized you were saying such stupid none-sense. But, now I realize, you're actually an an American-born Iranian who was born to Iranian Americans, **whose** parents who fled after the fall of the Shah, and as ~~an adult~~ a teenager ~~spending so much time in the US, you had become so Americanized~~ you were saying such stupid none-sense.
Nice try, pornhub.
This deserves an award, and I wanted to give you something, but I spent my reddit coins awarding some dumb cat video.
Why is it that you can't point me to one on this thread if it's all over reddit? Just gotta find a comment, click "permalink" on the bottom, and paste it in a response. Really not that hard.
I'd say there are other ways of finding a look that works for her without giving her Joe Dirt's hair style, but that's just me.
Huh, I don't see that saying "Iran are the good guys". I see his criticizing the US, whether that is an accurate assessment or not is another question. Similar sentiments have been said by Muhammad Ali during the Vietnam War, and I really don't think he meant to say "Iran are the good guys" back then either. Again, if it's in literally every thread, why can't you link just one comment? Here's another tip, use ctrl+F on your keyboard to open the search function on your internet browser. You can find any comment that even vaguely supports your narrative. Go on, I'm sure it should be really easy for you to prove you're not talking bullshit. It will take no time since it's in every thread, right?
And yet I never will.
hmmmm... nah. you want to give your money to reddit so you can give people imaginary internet rewards, you go right ahead. i prefer not to spend my money on useless crap.
Nope. Statistically speaking, we're living in some of the best times in human history. Specifically speaking, was there ever a time when this sentiment wasn't share?
Have you tried this in the South or rural areas? There are some crazy people out there.
&gt; Needless to say, this may be the most retarded story to come out of this whole Iran mess. I don't know.... the US president tweeting his list of potential targets to the world is pretty moronic. And not just in the sense that it tells the world that the US is okay with committing war crimes, but in the sense that its the commander-in-chief telling his war target his attack plans, even if just to intimidate. I'm fairly certain that's got to be some moronic strategic thinking right there, bad enough to make George W look like a genius in comparison.
&gt; The idea that a foreign power would put a bounty on a US President...ANY US President...is a precedent that we, as Americans CANNOT tolerate. Didn't you guys just execute a foreign official on foreign soil?!?! It's almost as if you guys were a nation of pearl clutching house wives. And that's not even mentioning the fact that this was done by "Iran TV", which would prove this point even more.
Hmm, i still see no examples. I guess you are just that deluded.
Finally, a pre-Rome 2 Total War meme I understand.
&gt; The good thing today is that renewable energy production is now at the point that countries like Iran can't hide the nuclear weapons program behind the guise of clean nuclear energy production Whoa, are you saying Solar and Wind energy is at the point where countries can go without nuclear energy? Because that is patently false.
"Let me get something straight. When you say G5, are you talking about the plane?"
Lmao, you guys are going to go broke long before you bomb my country. Genuine question though. Back when I had a consulting gig for a poverty foundation in the Southern US, I had to occasionally meet my client at one of their clients sites. I noticed that the trailer parks tended to have bad internet connections. Tell me, hillbilly, has the internet accessibility improved in the trailer park you lived? Last time I was in a trailer park about 8 years ago, I saw that they were mostly confined to dial up. Has that improved at all where you live? I could understand how one could be so stupid being isolated from the rest of the world and whatnot. If all I knew was the four walls of my trailer, I guess I would probably be ignorant like you.
So what you're saying is, Ash is the Emperor's father? Or the other way around?
And your house is a trailer. Your argument is invalid. Also, what's it like to be laughed at in the UN? I thought seeing Trump being laughed at was hilarious.
Really? I'm assuming you're American, but feel free to coreect me if I'm wrong. Statistically speaking, you've never been safer. Unless you're writing this from Iraq or Iran, you really have no reason to be concerned. At worst, you guys get an Iraq Invasion 2: Electric Boogaloo. Its the people the Americans will be bombing that actually have a reason to be concerned.
&gt; that people don't have to be black or white I'm fairly certain you don't get to pick your skin color or somehow change it.
&gt; Astartes then read as more human like with an end goal and optimism about the future of humanity. Well, except for Sigismund.
When was this? Specifically, got a date?
So they didn't kill any soldiers as you were claiming. They killed one contractor. Also, this wasn't any Iranians. It was an Iraqi militia. Not sure if you've realized this, but it seems like even you don't know why they killed him.
What I'm reading here is that American soldiers died while in a proxy war with Iran. If you're saying he was a casualty of war that's fine. But it doesn't seem like the US has any right to complain about soliders dying in a foreign war they are participating in. If you don't want your soldiers getting hurt, get the fuck out of the Middle East.
&gt; Even ignoring the political aspect, its about getting jobs back into the united states by using tariffs to balance trade. And how is that going?
Attacking Trump Hotels would be a war crime?
Depends on when your friend told you this, but yeah, even six figure incomes can be considered on the lower end of that spectrum. And on top of all of this, the housing situation in SF is so shitty that you also have to deal with quite a lot of scammers. I was making a $106,000 salary and even that wasn't enough for me to live somewhat comfortably. Before long, I ran out of funds and had to go back to the East Coast as the cost of living was going force me to have to rely on welfare.
Yeah, but you have to draw the line somewhere. Otherwise you end up falling for dumb shit like pizzagate.
I can't believe how quickly Americans have forgotten all about their clusterfuck in Iraq.
And just like that, Americans forgot all about their clusterfuck in Iraq.
What would you say is the source of most of your frustration? Like, what kind of inaccuracies would you like to clear up?
Ah, America's masters come to tell them what to do.
I like to imagine that Benioff wakes up in a cold sweat some nights, thinking about how an off-the-cuff remark he made would become the rallying cry of angry fans who rejected his work.
Just like how you guys were going to only be in Iraq for a couple of months, right? Or, how about when you guys went to war with rice farmers in Vietnam?
Vietnam is pretty nice, I guess you've never been. Afghanistan and Iraq still have American military presence, after only having been invaded, oh, say, a little under 20 years ago, so of course they are going to be a wasteland.
&gt;The US got what they wanted by shitstorming the country and deposing whoever they disliked. Well, it seems that the arms sector of the US of the economy. Not sure if the average soldier heading to the VA because of the shrapnel in their body from an IED got what they wanted. And it seems that by invading Iraq, the US has been pissing away the political capital they had among their traditional allies. Notice how its only Saudi Arabia and Israel who have come out on the side of the US. Even Boris Johnson, who is desperate to sign a free deal with the US, is warning of how Donald's actions are just going to lead to more conflict. At any other point in history, the UK would have supported any action in foreign land by a US president. &gt; What happened after didn't seem to bother any of the presidents,from Obama to Trump. Well, of course the invasion of Iraq didn't seem to bother Obama or Trump, they weren't the one pushing for it while they were in office. But last I checked, Bush Jr's foreign policy is not exactly being touted around as a personal success by the man himself, now is it? Not to mention, wasn't Trump complaining about how poorly the War in Iraq had gone? I know he was all about it at first, but he criticized the invasion several times on the campaign trail in 2016. The thing many Americans don't seem to realize is that since WW2, war has changed, especially since its usually you guys invading someone else these days. The people you will be invading **know** they can't win in a straight shooting war with you guys. They **know** you have quantity and quality on your side. But they also **know** that as you guys are invading someone else' home, under an unpopular president, and in an election year, all they have to do is make the idea of war seem not worth it for you guys in order for your civilians to get around to the idea of calling your forces home. It happened in Vietnam, Iraq 1, Afghanistan, Iraq 2, and so on. In fact, wasn't one of Donald's running platforms the fact that Hillary would get the US into wars, while Donald wanted to stop this (what he called) waste? So unlike in those other conflicts, where the US had liberal voters calling for an end to the war while the conservatives supported the cause, this time the US has liberals on one side trying to stop the US from entering a war on one side, and conservatives on the other side making shit up as they go. So, if anything, the support going into this war would be the weakest of them all just at a domestic level. Add in the fact that unlike in Vietnam, Afghanistan, and Iraq, where the US was essentially going up against fractured nations, Iran (despite the protests) is one cohesive unit and it has been preparing for the event of a US invasion ever since they overthrew the (US installed) Shah. This isn't going to be a war where two forces meet and shoot it out. It's going to be very unorthodox, very violent, and very painful for both sides. And eventually, you guys will leave, having fucked up another Middle Eastern nation, probably creating more terrorists, and pissing off your allies (whom you've been waging trade wars on) even more. Seriously, do you not see how bad a strategy this is in the long run? Yes, you guys will look cool the first couple of months of the war. But just like with Iraq, you guys will come out looking bad by the end... if there's an end. Iraq voted to kick your forces out of their country and Donald wants to actually stay there.^^^^^(LMAO)
I mean, where do you live? For example, I'm not sure what anyone in Seattle would have to be worried about. It's not like Iran has access to ICBMs.
Isn't the US **STILL** in Iraq and Afghanistan? If anything, I'd argue that it's the same war that's been happening for the past 20 years, its just going to be getting bigger.
Who is he!??!?
how old are you? EDIT: Considering you're typing out shit like [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/elmyk5/iraqi_security_officials_say_no_casualties/fdizmr7/), I'm going to go ahead and assume you're not even a teenager. Kid, do your parents know what you're doing on the internet?
Ah, gotcha. My bad... you know how hard it is to detect sarcasm and genuine stupidity these days. But yeah, you know how they say that history is written by the victors and whatnot. I'm just hoping that the genuine skepticism I'm seeing from most redditors on /r/news and /r/worldnews is a **somewhat** good indicator for what most Americans are feeling right now. I lived in the US during 9/11 and the subsequent wars in the Middle East and can vividly remember how easily Bush got people to go along with the invasion of Iraq. Even though several sources reported that several unbiased parties were contradicting the Bush's administration's claims that Saddam had WMDs and/or had something to do with 9/11, most Americans went along and invaded a country they had no business being in. Not only will this war be much more violent, costly, and last longer, but it will probably be sending the rest of the world into economic depression.
Ah, another American who is unaware of the atrocities the US has visited upon its neighbors. What a surprise....
&gt; Hope is the first step on the road to disappointment. Wrong Warhammer, dude.
Thanks for that!
I'm liking what I hear about Tal from the other POV chracters in HH. I think that will be the next book to read after the one I'm currently on.
Oh, sorry, I didn't mean I was on the fourth in the series, but my fourth book overall. I accidentally started on Master of Mankind. Well, not accidently, more like I saw one of you guys quoting the book on here and it piqued my curiosity to the point where I just had to start reading that one. I will be reading in release order now, though.
Thank you! I take it Daemon World is a post-HH book?
I wonder who shot it down.
And you don't see how I am using the same poor logic you are? You are using the decisions of those in power in Iran to paint an entire country with the same broad brushstrokes you are criticizing me for using. Remember, Iran was going through major protests against the religious fundamentalists and every day women in Iran are protesting the laws enforcing the use of hijabs. Also, only a child (and Americans, it seems) sees the world in terms of good guys and bad guys. The reality is much more complex and nuanced.
Yes, and you really think the US wouldn't do it again? Need I point you to what's been going on in the Middle East over the past 20 years? Also, do you think this entire time the US has not been participating in a proxy war with Iran? I get that you're American and have to support your country, but to the rest of the world, the US isn't innocent in any of this.
It's just a shame that this work had already been started until Donal decided to stop it.
As a follow up, how effective will the new Iran Nuclear Deal be once Donald slaps his name on it?
I've met Americans who not only still think invading Iraq was a good idea, but that they won the Vietnam war. I got out of a traffic ticket because I got a cop so riled up, he started acting unprofessionally that the judge had to throw out the case, by casually mentioning that Bush had lied about Sadam having WMDs. I didn't mention it randomly, it just came up as a consequence of what we were talking about while he was talking to me about why he thought I was hiding something from him. Turns out I wasn't hiding something, I just looked off because I had just vomited copious amounts at work and was going home to sleep it off.
Iunno... the UK is just as likely to enforce their own version of censorship. Its just that what they want to censor is a tad different than what Americans want to censor. Having been born outside the US, spent a lot of time there, while visiting relatives at and traveling to other countries as well, what I came to realize is that you have morality police everywhere you go. For example, though Japan seems to be less worried about sexuality being in the media (especially the way they sexualize underage girls...), their censorship laws are much more stringent overall. Wherever you go, you have pearl clutchers complaining about what a bad job the TV is doing of raising their kids for them.
Are you worried WW3 might still happen and you guys won't get your league win or something? At this point, it seems like every team has kinda accepted that you guys are winning the league this season.
Except that's not how the war will go. Honestly, have you people not learned after the past 20 years in Iraq and Afghanistan? Unless your plan is to nuke the entire country to glass, any war with Iraq would have you guys bogged down the the foreseeable future, all while creating new terrorist groups for you to deal with. There's a reason even a moron like Trump is pulling back. He and his advisors know that Iran will not wage a war to win. They will just wage a war to not lose until you guys eventually get tired of waging yet another war on foreign soil and pull your troops out. It's the same thing that happened in Vietnam, Iraq, Afghanistan, and so on. I would think that by this point even the least educated person in the US would realize that war has changed since WW2, but it seems people like you are still not getting it.
Well, I guess you could say its progress. I lived in the US in the lead up to the Iraq invasion and back then it was disturbing how quickly some Americans got angry when someone called into question the justification put forth by Bush Jr and his administration.
Like Obamacare, right?
According to who? I hate to break it to you, but you've got to be delusional if you think the US are the good guys in any of this.
Where are terrorist enriching uranium?!?!
Where does she say that?
Well, for starters, how are they at fault? Didn't you guys lure an Iranian general under the pretense of diplomacy only to assassinate him in a foreign land?
I don't think anyone is glorifying Iran. They are just skeptical of the US' need to start yet another war in the Middle East. Do you seriously not see parallels between the lead up to invading Iraq with what's happening right now? I guess its hard to see it, what with the current Republican administration having run on an anti-war platform for the first time since WW2.
You're movin with your legion to the Eye of Terror
She's got a huge... personality.
&gt; And ridding the world of another evil terrorist is a great win. How was Soleimani a terrorist?!? It's not like the US was in Iraq to open up hospitals and orphanages. Stop throwing that word around so casually or the world will stop taking you guys seriously. Honestly, have you not learned after the invasion of Iraq how easily your government is willing to make stuff up just to justify a pointless war? Hell, you even have Vietnam offering you another example to take these claims with a large grain of salt.
In my experience, anyone who uses the term cuck none-ironically is typically a man-child whose been friend-zoned one too many times, or they are teenagers who are in the process of being friendzoned.
[Seems](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Popular_Mobilization_Forces) like its just you guys and your proxy states that call them terrorist. I guess its much easier to call any group that doesn't agree with the US terrorists. Makes fooling your population into supporting any war that much more simple.
That sucks, but not sure what the point of this was. You want entry into the US, go through the proper channels. And if you want to enter illegally, you have to accept all yhe risks that entails.
Would you like a sticker or something? This isn't Facebook, my friend. No one here cares about what you do or think.
If you want. Not sure why you feel the need to protest the actions of someone who is clearly mentally unstable.
Clearly, not much. &gt; the unlawful use of violence and intimidation, especially against civilians, in the pursuit of political aims. Or, how about: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_and_state-sponsored_terrorism Uh oh, do we have a case of the pot calling the kettle black?
If it wasn't for Brexit, I always thought that the UK should have a combined league.
Well then how about we apply some ~~su~~objectivity. Such as, say, who is responsible for the most deaths due to conflict in the Middle East?
&gt; It's amazing to me to see the reality we live in, that for the first time in my recollection that you absolutely cannot believe a single thing the US president says. I mean, depending on which country you are from, this statement could apply to other US presidents. Need I remind you of Bush Jr's many blunders?
&gt; Which is pretty common sense at this point. According to who? It seems like its only Americans, Saudi Arabians, and Israelis who are saying this.
Read the article, you'll be pleasantly surprised.
I asked you for evidence that (and I'm quoting you here) "Iran funds pretty much every terror group in existence". The fact that your own article says otherwise, as well as the US having funded terrorist organizations, shows that you are wrong. You provided evidence that your sensationalist comment is wrong. Congrats!
Yeah, but those are the morons who comment on articles without reading the actual article. Don't be like them.
Should we attribute some of the deaths in the Iraq-Iran war to the US, considering they were the ones who armed Iraq? Also, we should make a complete list of all the nations who are responsible for deaths in the region. This number by itself doesn't answer much aside from the fact that people die in conflicts.
So much for not wanting to be the world police. I guess we can expect the Iraqi people to attack the US embassy and bases in the future.
Why the fuck is the US president trolling his own constituents? I didn't realize acting like a teenager was acceptable for the commander-in-chief.
Got any links to back these claims?
Flamespyre Phoenixes can make walls into a liability for positioning your troops. I friggin love it.
Here's what I've noticed. The applying of the term "terrorist" in modern day, international, circles will almost always be a controversial exercise. One man's terrorist is another's freedom fighter, so you're free to disgaree with me on this one. My use of the term is very much influenced by the wave of terrorism that hit my country back in the 80s - early 90s (Peru), what I've witnessed once on ocassion in Mexico, and what has been relayed to me by Mexicans and Mexican-Americans. They may exploit the (at this point, I would argue) intrinsic corruption in our countries' governments as a means of achieving their goals, but they also rely on using fear against the average person (as opposed to just on those "in the game"). I think it is this, combined with the fact that they are big enough to challenge the Mexican government in certain areas of the country, means that by the very nature of their conflict, some times when they are using fear, it is for political purpose. Feel free to disagree with me, though. Like I said above, the term is very controversial and rightfully so in my opinion (I hate it when it is casually thrown).
I don't think your goal determines whether you should be labelled a terrorist, but your actions. But I guess we can agree to disagree.
You don't understand what this bill does, do you?
The fullbacks should be alot further up. Its telling that our team has been playing some of the worst football in the last 6 years at the same time that our fullback are playing bad.
Harvey Birdman, attorney at law.
God damn, the people watching in the back look bored as fuck.
Which I find to be hilarious, because whenever the topic of baseball comes up while I'm in the US and how boring it is to watch, inevitably someone will say its much more fun to watch in person. The one time I took up one of these people on their offer to watch a game in person, they got drunk and spent the rest of the game on their phone either talk or texting with people. Which, you know, I have no problem with. But it seemed to me like we could've done that without forking out the money to sit in a half empty stadium while I kept nodding off.
Way to ruin the outdoors for the rest of the world.
Shit. What Tier is this?
Rabona TV is quality. I don't care what people say about his American accent, the dude and the rest of his team (I get the impression its not just him who does the videos, but feel free to correct me) clearly know football and the content they put out is well produced and well researched.
Performing in front of a crowd and them actually enjoying your performance. I used to DJ at raves and whatnot. Seeing people enjoy the tracks I'm putting down and how I mix them into one continuous mix, while asking for an encore, has got to be one of the highest highs I've ever experienced. And I've almost died from an opiate overdose, so I know a thing or two about the highs life has to offer.
Sounds like the only reason they caught him was because his sister recognized the writing as her brothers' and contacted the authorities. Which makes me wonder if he could've gotten away with it had his sister not noticed the similarities. Or, if he never published his manifesto.
Find a purpose.
I've always wondered why the Emperor never took the time to seriously address this. There was clearly an issue with transhuman arrogance, and I would argue it was one of the biggest contributors to the HH. The Astartes were never intended to replace or rule over humans, they were supposed to be the unswerving guardians of the species. Yet, it is clear that even Horus, the primarch who was closest to the Emperor (some would say, after Sanguinius) did not see the Astartes playing the role of guardians after the Great Crusade and saw the transhumans as the eventual rulers of the species. How could the Emperor let such a misunderstanding stand?
&gt; In the case of Alicia Dominica, her hair was bleached white by speaking with Empy - which is why some modern Sisters of Battle dye their hair white, and where they got that tradition from. Holy shit, I did not know this.
I honeslty believe that it depends on whose writing the book. In some instances, authors make Custodes out to be the few sane/reasonable individuals aside from the Emperor and a few Primarchs. Other times, authors make Custodes out to be ruthless bastards who see humanity as just another obstacle for the Emperor's work.
Orgy at Betty Whites place?!?!
Kid?
No, see, you missed the little detail that laws don't apply to you if you're rich.
Fun fact: this is basically what Jehovah's witnesses believe. Only difference is they haven't gotten the "sign" yet that its time to start killing the unbelievers.
I think it could. Marvel has been able to successfully make years worth of Marvel mythos into bite sized, focused films on a specific character and slowly building the world. If the movie sets out to explain all of the 40k lore in an hour in a half movie through a couple shoe-horned exposition dumps, yeah, its going to fail. That's how DC and that monster Dark Universe shit failed; they put world building over making a decent movie first. That's why I believe that if a movie approached the 40k universe the same way 1917 approached WW1, there could be some success. Just focus the story on one or two soldiers that are trying to accomplish their mission would solve so many of the problems studios face when trying to launch a movie franchise. If the entire movie is just one mission, you limit how much of the universe the audience has to learn about in one sitting. If the entire movie is just following the one or two characters, you have less chances of having to explain more about the universe to the world. For example, we could follow a Space Marine who has been assigned to escort an Imperial Guard through an active warzone to some location to deliver some intel. Since its just this one warzone, the only thing the audience will have to know is when this takes place, who they are fighting, and the things they see along the way on **one** mission. For simplicity's sake, I'd argue going with Orks for the first movie as they are, relatively speaking, the simplest and easily understood faction you could show fighting the Imperium. Either way. Just like most successful war movies, you can set up the film with sparsely worded intro cards. Keep it simple, the year, who they are fighting, maybe something about the Space Marine being genetically enhanced, and their mission. As the saying goes good writing is about "show, not tell". Maybe a sentence about the Imperium and its armies that fight on a galactic scale. The POV characters moving through a war zone would give you the opportunity to demonstrate the scale of 40k. Obviously, it would be a green screenfest, but by sticking to the trenches, you could put practical effects front and center. Think the same way 1917 was filmed combined with Mad Max: Fury Road. I'm telling you, it could be possible.
I was worried that David Strathairn wouldn't be coming back, but I'm not sure I was emotionally prepared for how he would be coming back this season. Though, I gotta say, they way he portrayed Ashford and had him go out... genius. Whenever he was on screen, I felt every emotion he wanted me to feel. When he was reminiscing about his dead daughter, my heart melted. His rapport with his fellow shipmates was inspiring. And when Drummer went against him to spare Inaros, I felt his surprise and disappointment. I only wish they hadn't killed him off just so we could get more performances from Mr. Strathairn, but it is what it is.
"I'll show that little shit a thing or two".
Pretty much. Sadly, the topic of climate change has become politicized. So not only does she have to somehow convince people to overcome the Tragedy of the Commons, something our species seems incapable of doing. But before she can even do that, she has to convince people that one of their beliefs is wrong. When her protests elicit threatening responses from adult men to a child, you can't help but wonder if she's fighting a lost war. At this point, we may as well ignore those who don't believe and focus on finding a solution that works with peoples incentives so that people are naturally inclined to lower their carbon footprint. We've already gone past the point of no return and are in damage control mode. We can't waste anymore time hoping people will come to terms with being wrong about the climate.
You have to convince people in developing countries to give up using the same polluting path the developing world took to getting rich while at the same time getting the developed world to give up some quality of life to lower their carbon footprint. Don't kid yourself, combatting climate change is going to be hard. But the part that's even more disappointing is that before we can even do this, you have to convince people that one of their political beliefs is wrong, which is that climate change has become. Unfortunately, we live in a world where people are debating whether vaccines cause autism and our planet is flat.
You're saying the US is going to bomb Iran's parliamentary building? Because I'm fairly certain that would be a war crime. Yeah, I really doubt the US will be going to war over this. I know they like to go to war for just about any excuse, but as we just saw with Iran launching missiles at a US base in Iraq, even someone as dumb as Donald is aware that the US will bleed if they start a solo war with Iran. The US' strength, despite what so many Americans theae days are saying, is built off of a foundation of global alliances and by having a military presence around the globe, they can quickly and efficiently bring their entire military might to bare. But if no one supports their war efforts then they are limiting themselves to a couples months worth of engagement at best. So, it doesn't matter what his base will support (especially considering these are the same morons who think the earth is flat and that vaccines cause autism), but what the US' international allies will support. And in this particular instance, considering so many governments are questioning the legality of assassinating Soleimani, I'm confident when I say that even after this latest development, the US is all alone on this one. Well, aside from the US' owners (i.e. Israel and Saudi Arabia).
&gt; That adds up after a while. I'm not agreeing with the moron you're arguing with, but given the fact that absolutely nothing has been done since her political protests started, I would argue that no, it doesn't. Seriously, do you really think that the morons, who think they know more about climate sciences than those who study the climate for a living, are going to comes to terms with being wrong just because some people hold a political rally over it? We live in a world where among those living in the richest countries with the best access to quality education, you have enough people believing that vaccines cause autism that they have brought back diseases that were wiped out long ago. Do you really think that in such environment, a political demonstration is going to change their minds? I think the fact that we have grown ass men sending death threats to an underage girl for her political beliefs shows that Thunberg is accomplishing nothing. If anything, her demonstrations are causing these morons to further entrench themselves in their delusions. We've run out of time. We've gone past the point of no return. All we can do now is damage control. Let's stop wasting time hoping people will realize they are wrong, as that's only the first and, in reality, the easiest step. Even if she manages to convince enough people to make a difference, she then has to convince people to cooperate and overcome the Tragedy of the Commons of climate change. Something, which I might add, is almost impossible for our species to do. Instead, let's try to find a solution that doesn't require 100% compliance, because its just not realistic anymore. If not, our species is fucked.
Why is she ignorant for such a belief? Pretty much nothing has changed since her movement began.
Ah, well, she's wasting her time then. No, I don't believe that climate change isn't real. I just believe that people are too stupid and greedy to do anything about it.
You don't think climate change is happening? Why is that?
Not to mention, with Sangiunius coming back, the Imperium becomes noblebright. It would ruin the setting and make 40k yet another generic sci-fi brand.
If he's willing to take a pay cut, let's do it!
I have to wonder... what wil happen when its just cheaper to not pay your medical bills and file for bankruptcy? It's going to get to the point where people go to the hospital and don't pay their bills in masses.
Fake fan, go back to supporting Chelsea or some other shit club with shit fans.
Holy shit, how small a world do you live in? It's not intrinsic to the people themselves, but a result of the society they live. If you put anyone else in the same environment, they would in all likelihood, come out exactly the same.
Your parents should've committed seppukku before you were born.
The phrase was co-opted by the Tea Party. Apparently, paying your taxes while a black man was president was the same thing as suffering under repression.
Oh, I believe you. I was being faceitious. Most of those people were just upset that there was a black men as president.
Begs the question: who is a "good guy"? Who gets to determine who belongs in that category? What are the criteria for being a "good guy"? Can you be a "good guy" at one point and not another? Or is it a kind of a "you're out, you're out"-deal?
A combination of 1917 style of cinematography and Fury Road special effects to portray the Horus Heresy.
How do you know they are talking about you if you don't understand?
You live in a place that's been handicapped by drought?
&gt; If it's their own, how does the UN let them get away with basically being terrorists Because Mars is as powerful as the UN. Ever heard of "might makes right"?
Thank you for seeing it both way. Honestly, the number of Americans who truly believe they are the world's good guys is depressing at times.
You're welcome for the reality check, scrub.
Yup. But regardless, if some climate scientists are to be believed, its already too late to do anything. Except damage control. Once the coasts start disappearing under water, I imagine more will be getting the picture. But, even then, the world won't end.
When the allies found out about the concentration camps, instead of letting the world know, they hid the information. Why? Well, for starters, they were worried people wouldn't believe it and take it for cheap anti-German propaganda. But the biggest reason? Well, in the US and, what was at the time, Britain had prevalent anti-Semitism sentiments among their populace. Can't exactly use what many of their own citizens would approve of as effective military propaganda.
In my experience, these ladies are building up to ask you to either join another dating site ($$) while never actually meeting you or are cam girls looking for clients. Move on with your life, you're better than that.
Yeah, you were being creepy. She doesn't even know you and you are tracking her movements. Shit, I'm getting creeped out just by reading this.
Ooo, fellow Letterkenny fan?!?
Makes me really sad to hear that you have to ask this question and I hope you find peace and acceptance on here. Bumble, in my experience as a guy interested in women, has been surprisingly pleasant. I think you could use this app with a peace of mind. Just be up front about who you are. Good luck out there!
Whoa there, supershoots.
Iunno, I kind of approached this whole online dating without expectations or hopes. I've been having fun with it. I think that if you use these apps expecting to meet your soul mate, you're going to be disappointed. Majority will be "pen pals", some you will meet and have 0 chemistry with, you ocassionally meet someone you get along with and can have some short term fun, and most rarely do you meet someone you can actually spend extended periods of time with. Having this perspective has made it so I'm never disappointed. Just remember that on average, females swipe right on only 17% of the profiles they see, males 46%. Its a numbers game and you will be disappointed if you can't tease out the rules.
I've always wondered if those are just cops looking for chumps?
Depends on where you're from. In my experience, this is especially true in rural areas.
Do you believe "nature" is cognizant or something? Like there's an intelligence at work behind all of this?
You are aware that you can believe in something and still die for nothing, right?
I am actually more terrified by the idea that you might actually be an engineer that worked on something I use.
Oh no, I upset the anti-vaxxer, what will I do?
**Humanity's Scientists to God:** *YOU'LL* *HAVE* *TO* *DO* *BETTER* *THAN* *THAT,* *ASSHOLE.*
This reminds me of a joke. A man is drowning and prays to God to save him. A life guard swims up to help him, but the man say, "no thank you, God will save me". Later on a rowboat passes by, but again the man says, "no thank you, God will save me". Later yet, a steamboat passes by, but the man rejects them all. The man drowns and goes to Heaven. When he gets there, he sees God and asks "I prayed to you, why couldn't you save me?". And God says, "I sent you all those people, what more do you want from me?!?".
What do you think a scientist does? Just out of curiosity.
I didn't realize nature browsed reddit.
Oh wow, so Bumble has created an app that let's straight men experience what the average woman has to go through when attempting to make male friends. As a guy, I've always been curious what its like to have that kind of unwanted attention.
You... didn't make it past high school, did you?
And then they're surprised when the Astartes rebel and start worshipping Chaos.
Its alright, but can be dangerous if you go down the wrong alley or into the wrong neighborhood. If you're a rich foreigner, you either stick to crowded areas or you make friends with a local.
I'm confused, isn't VA mostly run by Dems now? Seems like they in fact, did not lose.
Holy shit, this was from a month ago.
Many of my female friends have complained about trying to make guy friends but almost all of them only being interested in getting "something" out of it. The way Bumble BFF has been described for males, it reminded me of what they told me.
Sigh, some times I wish females had the sex drive of men. Or that I was attracted men so as to join the gay community. Alas, the challenges of being a male whose attracted only to women. ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯
Oh god, you're a few romantic rejections away from becoming an Incel, aren't you?
Do... do you really not realize that anyone can read your post history? You're account is a text book case in a women's course on red flags to look out for when dating in the 21st century. Are you really trying to play the misunderstood victim-card here? Get real, dude.
&gt; Plus, there was a PM that was notorious for having emergencies at 4:30 pm. Hallmark of a bad PM.
Ah, so another day in the grind?
God, police suck in the US, eh?
Y'know, when I got stuck in the US when the quarantines when up, I thought, "this won't be so bad... I'll be near my parents incase they need help, I can help my brother taking care of his son, and I'll have access to 1st world medical services... even if they are American". After all, nothing the US goes through could compare to the disturbances we had in Peru just last year. But, nope.
&gt; I'm not a conservative, but the death of the conservative right when the Tea Party went nuts was a real bad day for the US. I've said it before and I'll say it again, but Obama being elected destroyed the minds of many a Republicans. The idea that a black man could become president was too much to bear for many closeted racist conservatives and they decided to forget their morales and values if it meant another minority would never make it to the White House again. Mind you, I'm not saying all Republicans are like this. But there were many.
They should make a law that REQUIRES police to wear and activate body cameras while enforcing the law. And any crimes that are unable to be caught on camera while serving the law are unable to be prosecuted.
The word 'defenestration' is one I never thought to see on here. But thanks to Putin, I was proved wrong.
I got banned from /r/BestofReddit (back when Obama was president) because I said that as a foreigner traveling all over the US in over two decades, I had seen political behavior in the Midwest that was demonstrative of what was to come with Donald Trump. Apparently, that didn't go down well with the redditors from the Midwest, and there must have been a mod from that region as well. Because next thing I know, I'm banned for "starting a flame war". Which is just hilarious, because going back to my comment would make it seem as if I was a time traveler from the future on a mission to stop Donald.
I just hope young people show up to vote this November. Because all these protests won't amount to shit if a large portion Americans continue to ignore their civic duty.
Anyone know what they actually said?
I would like to think that. But the average voter turn out for Americans, especially the last election, has me worried that this is just a heat of the moment and soon everything will go back to statua quo.
Daaaaamn, they stomped the shit out him (MOP, what what).
Correct me if I'm wrong, but would that really cut out the possibility of a future pandemic? I mean, for all we know, a disease that affects our pet dogs in the future manages to jump from them to us. Then all of a sudden, everyone around the world has to get rid of their beloved pets. I completely agree that corporate farming practices are modern day horrors. But let's not pretend that getting rid thof those practices is the silver bullet to humanity's fight against pathogens.
China is going to be experiencing a hell of a brain drain. Granted, with their population numbers, its a drop in the ocean. But still, I'm going to be pretty confident betting that a lot of the human capital in Hong Kong will take up the UK on this offer.
But stopping the heavy use of antibiotic laden food wouldn't prevent a virus from jumping species, would it? Y'know, since viruses aren't biotic and hence antibiotics don't do shit to them? Also, a virus jumping species is essentially a crap shoot. Sure, there are underlying factor that influence the odds, but there are soooooo, so many variables in play that it would be impossible for us to predict where the next pandemic comes from. I mean, after all, if we could predict these things with any sense of certainty, would we really have been caught off guard by the COVID19?
This is flawed though, because despite the number of animals Americans eat, the vast majority of people only see them once they've left the process and packaging plant
Wait, really? CA, what are you guys doing?!?! As man in his 30s, I was barely interested in checking out TW: Troy, what with all the other games in my queue. Now I'm just not even interested in finding out more about the game.
Honestly, with all the rain you guys get, I'd be surprised if people were even able to get a smoldering flame going on that island.
Damn, its a really good thing more Americans don't travel abroad. If they ever experienced what its like with cops in some EU countries, they would be protesting 24-7.
[Martian Law](https://youtu.be/ZQAmic9m50Y), you say?
Ah. But why the towel?
Letterkenny.
If happens with any army. I've started up Mortal Empire and Vortex campaigns. In the Mortal Empires, every army has bypassed my walls, regardless if the Lord has any blue skills. In the Vortex campaign, all Chaos invasion armies are able to bypass my wall, forcing me to rely on numbers rather than walls. Its kinda taken the fun out of the game since I can't defend my border without overwhelming numbers.
Its a scam. Unmatch and move on.
I seem to recall seeing them as we got closer to the 4th of July.
Can I get a PM with that development? I'm not interested in ruining the guys life, I'm just curious about how the National Guard will treat this sort of behavior.
Honestly, you using something other than a one word message sets you miles above the majority of women on Bumble. Chances are, Mark just hasn't seen this. Keep it up, you're a testament to your gender.
Don't feel bad! For all you know, this guy has had a nightmare of experience on dating apps and has thrown in the towel. But you are doing it right because you're standing out among women. Trust me when I tell you that as long as you aren't using one word responses, you're ahead of the game.
Anyone know the context?
Dafuq is wrong with people these days? 3 years away and all of a sudden everyone in the US is going nuts.
Why did he do that?
Take up the arts to remind yourself about the beauty in life and now you're a Blood Angel.
Up for Celestial Emissaries and Ebrietas?
Such as what?
Spend time watching TV in the UK and you will immediately notice the difference.
I came here just to say that. But yeah, makes sense. The US is the biggest foreign influence for us in S. America.
I don't get it.
Same here. Lemme recheck the pw.
I'm a latin person and I constantly am making a fool of myself trying to speak Spanish with Northern Native Americans. Because, here's the thing; depending on which latin country you're from, chances are very high you have Native South American DNA. Unlike in the US and Canads, where the Europeans basically kept apart from the indigenous, there was a lot more mixing in the Spanish colonies.
Maybe some salty dude is pissed off you rejected them?
Maybe this is a question better posed in a DM, but are you able to elaborate on what goes into these kinds of plans? I'm surprised no one else is curious about how the proverbial "masters of the universe" are prepping for the possible outcomes from this pandemic. I'm especially interested in hearing what their takes are in case we've only seen the tip of this viral iceberg.
How old was he?
Ah, that explains it. Here I am in my 30s and I can't think of the last time I saw a guy acting like this. Guess that's just my age showing
I am. But my internet connection just went out. Let me see if its a fixable situation, lol.
Sure!
No, its just been a reaaaaally long time since I played any Soulsbourne.
complete
Go find an internship ASAP. The truth is, anyone can get a degree.
People give me weird looks when I, a Latin none-American, tell them that the last good president the US had was Eisenhower.
Fine work!
I guess its true what they say, you get the government you deserve.
Welcome to the Poe's Law-world!
I will always know him first and foremost as Ryan O'Reilly.
I know, right? Not enough people have seen Oz.
Fun fact: I learned about Xenophon and his travels after watching The Warriors.
Complete
Okay, but how does Ja Rule feel about all of this?
Us light skinned Hispanics have it pretty good as well. We're foreign enough that American white girls find us interesting, yet not too foreign that we scare them. And meanwhile, the cops won't give you shit if you don't have an accent or realize you have a Hispanic name. Its a pretty nice place to be.
What chalice did you use for the Ritual, the Root Chalice or the one without the word Root? The Root Chalice makes the default dungeon. The other one rearranges the layout of the dungeon each time you start the ritual.
Well, I guess that worked out either way. Cheers!
Wait, what?
If I didn't know any better, I'd say those were Doom Divers at the end there.
At first lamp. Bells ringing.
Complete.
I was just about to mark it complete. Thank you, tho.
Complete
well, it seems that they neglected to teach you how to understand nuance. i guess you didn't get past high school?
