As has been mentioned many times before, the level of proof required for schools to take disciplinary action is nowhere near that of a court of law. OP could always try to sue the school, but good luck with that.
Both parties are the same in some ways, and diametrically opposed in others. For example, the realities of lobbying and campaign finance mean corporate sponsorship is unavoidable unless you want to be outspent by your opponent, regardless if your tie is red or blue.
That's what the Republican leadership seems to be doing, but I don't think you'd find that sentiment from the average civilian outside of the religious fringe.
I was worried about the card becoming too strong once the digging was done, since treasure tokens are almost always strictly better than one mana of any color. Do you think it be closer to balanced if the first tap ability were free?
Also as advertisement for toys.
I've been a fan of LessPass. Not quite as convenient and a little more susceptible to keyloggers, but otherwise incredibly secure.
You act as if the 5 tenets are absolute immutable laws, rather than the fluid philosophy that they are.
PARENTS HAVE SEX OH THE HORROR ;)
Buddhism is most certainly not a rejection of scientific inquiry. Specifically addressing the first 4 points, so far they hold to be true. Everybody dies, everything changes. Until it can be shown to be otherwise, they're still factual statements. But that doesn't mean we stop chasing immortality, or try to preserve that which we love. It's simply a way of thinking about the world to save yourself the stress of inevitable death and change. You're right that it would be most intellectually correct to phrase each of the tenets with all the caveats that come with making a statement you believe to be factual, but the point isn't to be thorough, it's to be understandable and relatable.
I'd love to get a decklist to get 10 quick wins, because this event is fucking C A N C E R O U S
There's nothing wrong with spending money on gambling for entertainment. Hell, it's one of the few things you can do for fun that sometimes pays for itself. The idea that you can actually make money, especially when interacting with a gambling business, like a casino, is just stupidity on multiple levels.
I would be happy with a sort of two-tier system: 1. The main game with all its animations, special nonsense, and all the other excuses for not including all existing Pokemon. 2. The post-game competitive stuff. You get the full National Dex without the fancy trim for online battling, challenge modes (battle tower), etc.
"Demons run when a good man goes to war."
Quick, get the Orson Welles clone out of cold storage!
And don't forget we got sexy Jace!
Optimist.
Meh. Tarot cards never got us to the Moon, and without science I'd have died at the ripe old age of childbirth. Hail Science!
Also optimist. Words can have many different synonyms and antonyms.
That's pretty much one of my life philosophies. "Expect nothing. Anything better is a pleasant surprise."
BaconReader, no issues here.
Pretty much yeah. I think the vast majority of stress in our modern lives comes from violations of our expectations. Can't be mad about it if you have none. That doesn't mean to stop trying to achieve better for ourselves. Just don't expect a one to one correlation between effort and results.
HTPCs are the way to go. You hardly need any power, and they work with literally all web based content. I got myself a nice wireless keyboard with a track pad (Logitech K400) and I'll never look at another smart TV or set top box again. Managed to snag a nice Dell 2nd gen i3 system with Win7 for $25 at a thrift store around 2015.
*NASA would like to know your location*
No words are banned in our house, but I will give my daughters (7 and 8) shit for using words to hurt someone else. Saying "Holy shit!" when you see something surprising: OK Calling someone else stupid to hurt their feelings: not OK
I like to believe I do. Anyone who says they have parenting figured out is a damn dirty liar. :P
I've never even touched Windows Media Center. All my downloaded media is on a 2TB networked NAS, and most of the content I consume is through Crunchyroll, Netflix, and Prime Video. I can also play lighter Steam and Epic Store games natively and stream the ones that need a little more beef from my proper gaming tower. While Roku might have a nicer interface, nothing beats the flexibility of Windows for media consumption.
I thought he was a self made successful businessman starting out with nothing but a small loan^1 ^1 of a million dollars.
Used Curious Obsession and Kaya's Ghostform to help template this card. Obviously there is no precedent for putting planeswalker abilities on enchantments, so just pretend the (0) is a loyalty cost. :)
Yes! I saw the art and it inspired me to make this. I've credited the artist in the card. :)
Yeah, planeswalker abilities would look more correct in curly brackets, but cardsmith uses curlies for formatting.
A hiring manager will also take into account the reputation of the company in question. Getting a "no rehire" from a random audio equipment distributor in Tennessee is a lot less damaging than, say, Costco.
First, the right to free speech is for protection from **government** interference in speech. It prevents you from being thrown in jail, fined, or otherwise silenced by agents of officials. This right does not extend to others taking steps to interfere with your speech, so long as those steps don't violate any of your other rights or laws. Second, engagement legitimizes your opponent's ideas. Sitting down with someone and discussing a viewpoint is predicated on the idea that both viewpoints are legitimate and that something can be gained from a cross-pollination of ideas. Socially regressive pieces of shit that put a fig leaf over their phobic ideas don't deserve to be legitimized in any way, shape, or form. The UCP deserve every single last iota of criticism lobbed their way for courting the evangelical fringe of the right.
When there has been a history of violence and oppression against a group of vulnerable minors, creating a space where they can form a support group is essential to curbing major problems, such as the extraordinarily high proportions of homeless, suicidal, and depressed LGBT youth. Of the four possible situations, it becomes clear why outing kids is a bad thing. Either: 1. Closeted Kid + Supportive Parents: Yeah it sucks they don't know and can't support them, but gay kids should be willing to come out to who they want, when they want. 2. Closeted Kid + Non-supportive Parents: Kid potentially has their life saved and gains a support group. 1. Outed Kid + Supportive Parent: The parent probably always knows, but they'll be able to support the kid when they learn. 2. Outed Kid + Non-Supportive Parent: Higher likelihood of suicide and homelessness. Poor performance in school. Potential loss of support network.
&lt;And then he died, sliced to ribbons because of how edgy he was&gt;
RIP male gaze
Is he trying to take credit for Iran's declining power? (I'm not even sure that Iran is declining)
A lot of gun control legislation is just left wing reactionary fear mongering. Just like how immigration is right wing reactionary fear mongering. Except, you know, immigrants are real human beings.
Sorry this edition is mandatory. Your homework questions will come from the book, and we changed a few numbers around this year.
You're doing a great job of boiling down complex interpersonal relationships into black-and-white scenarios that have clean resolutions. You can be bullied by a co-parent, superior at work, family member, neighbor... there are plenty of adults that you can't just kick to the curb and ignore.
Bullying isn't always physical. I'd wager that the vast majority of bullying isn't physical.
&gt; &gt; You can be bullied by a co-parent &gt; Tell them to knock that shit off. They don't, and their bullying doesn't amount to anything criminal or worthy of a custody hearing. What now? &gt; &gt; superior at work &gt; HR, ombudsman, or new job. Done it all. For you to casually drop "new job", as if it's just that easy every time you deal with a bully at work, betrays your overly simplified world view, at best. &gt; &gt; family member &gt; Cut them off. Done it several times. For some family members, easy peasy. What if you're being bullied by your abusive grandmother who is the sole caregiver for the infirm grandfather that you love dearly, as was the case with my wife. There are many cases where family, people who you're attached to in an often vast and complex social network, simply can't be cut off without losing much more than just a bully. &gt; &gt; neighbor &gt; Don't interact with them, and if they come with problems, tell them to knock that shit off. Once again, they choose not to knock it off just because you told them to, and their behavior doesn't amount to anything legally actionable.
Literally nothing of those things are personal examples from my life, simply either second hand accounts or realistic, but theoretical scenarios where your naive worldview doesn't apply. Here's one thing I don't tolerate: Passive-aggressive insults that skirt the lines of violating this subreddit's decency policies. To call you a bully would imply that your words have any meaning to me whatsoever, or that I care about your childish viewpoints, however I will take your advice and choose to ignore you from now on.
According to studies I've read recently, people's real life friend networks are shrinking, but the number of close, high-quality friends is increasing.
This one irks me in particular because it invokes RAW to overcome the laws of physics, and then ignores RAW and tries to use physics as soon as it becomes immediately convenient.
Put yourself in situations where you're forced to interact with other people. What sort of hobbies do you have?
Question: What is it about 120 heat that makes it a benchmark? Is there a reason people don't go higher or is it just a nice round number?
As the only guy on a site that even bothers to wear a hard hat, this is my life. Boots, gloves, and hat at all times. Glasses and plugs for pipe work.
In hindsight it should probably exile so we don't run into memory issues, but otherwise I believe this card works.
That was the original name for the card, but it felt like I was trying to talk past a face full of stale garlic bread every time I said it, so I tried to simplify it. I couldn't find a word for "people at a masquerade".
Hell yes. My current job: Boss: Hey Skandranonsg, can you pull these 4/0s to the disconnect and hook it up. You can get the framers to help you. (We had some framers subbed under us) Me: Yeah no problem. *A few hours later.* Me: Alright boss, got the wires in. Where's the LOTO? Him: LOTO? Me: Lock out tag out. I don't want some dipshit flipping on that 400A disconnect while I'm elbow deep in this panel. Him: Oh, I get it. Zip ties are in the job box. Me: ... And that's why I logged 30 minutes of travel time to go to Home Depot two Fridays ago.
This brings an immense amount of joy to my day. :D
Yikes. My first run-in with LOTO was on top of a ladder as a first year. Guy comes stomping around the corner with a [6-hole](https://ae01.alicdn.com/kf/UTB89sQ6kpfFXKJk43Otq6xIPFXa9/Double-end-Steel-Hasp-Lock-Safety-hasp-Lockout-Industrial-safety-locks-loto-6-Hole-clasp-lock.jpg_q50.jpg) in his hand, clearly cut in half. "Are you an electrician?!" "Yeah, but I'm controls." "Did you do this?!" Nope. Didn't stop him from getting the super and grilling me until my boss showed up and chewed him back.
I don't think artifact fits, since it isn't a physical object. Also, while uncommon, it's not as if there's no precedent for taps on enchants
Yeah, they'll handle it just like the leadership investigation! Oh wait they fucked up the investigation so bad a federal agent had to be sent to lead it and make sure it was impartial. :/
You're the one making bold claims about public sector leeches. The burden is on you to provide numbers.
Can we please stop referring to bills by the fucking Orwellian names the government gives them? The US already makes me want to puke every time I hear about the "Stop Kicking Puppies" bill that just lega lizes insider trading.
&gt; {t}: Exile another non-creature Artifact you control until ~ leaves the battlefield and draw a card. If a card named Bag of Holding is exiled, the game is a draw. Yeah?
Yes, also the rotations are usually very basic. My main is a Prot Warrior, and I press 6 buttons regularly. The other 18 buttons on my bars are for all the random situations that come up during a fight. Beyond a few fundamentals (LoS pull, face away, etc) most of the skill in tanking comes from knowing the fight in excruciating detail and knowing when to use what, all the way down to each of the moves in the boss' rotation and which mitigation is most appropriate. God help you if things start going sideways and you have to improvise.
This might sound odd, but is anyone else having tons of success as ProtWar in PvP? Usually it's a suicide charge, but the truly insane amount of CC and mobility let's me velcro to the enemy healer and take them out of the fight while drawing enemy fire so my DPS can shred.
"""forces"""
&gt; your **LFR** tank badge. ;) If you want to tank anything above normal and you aren't overgeared, there's quite a bit more to it. Otherwise I think you nailed it.
http://www.dandwiki.com/wiki/SRD:Portable_Hole
Unfortunately there's no way to make sure those writing and administering the test are impartial. :/
I've often toyed with the idea of some sort of test leading to some sort of meritocracy, but there always has to be a human involved in writing, administering, and scoring the tests. What happens if the person writing the test is a holocaust denier, and one of the questions involves the historical treatment of Jews in the early 20th century? This example is obvious and easily struck down, but what happens when you disqualify someone for office on something more subtle, but equally insidious? As much as pretty much every well educated, good intentioned, and politically active person would like to restrict political participation to others with similar levels of morality and education, there simply is no way to exclude large swathes of the population from participating in democracy that aren't ripe for exploitation.
&gt; they’re written by committed that include people from all political backgrounds and psychologists, educators etc. Who chooses these people? How do you prevent them from being corrupted?
No, because there is virtually no incentive to corrupt them. On the other hand, you can imagine the enormous incentive to corrupt a system of selection for policy makers.
Ah, I'm mostly thinking of BGs. It doesn't does well in 2s/3s.
That's the point. ;)
You're welcome! There's a ton of great D&amp;D stories and in-jokes worth checking out. If you throw these into Google you should find them pretty easily: - Eric and the Dread Gazebo - The Peasant Railgun - Old Man Henderson - The Ballad of Edgardo - Sir Bearington - Locate City Bomb
I think an effective way to shine a light on the bullshit warmongering with Iran is to take out ads quoting Cheney (?) about WMDs in Iraq.
Banning people who ridicule them. Banning people who make open threats of violence to police officers. Apples. Oranges.
His point is overly simplistic, but when extrapolated has merit. I think about it this way: 1. Power and wealth tend to accumulate until the system collapses due to those with less wealth not being able to survive and revolting. 2. Redistribution takes wealth from the top and spreads it among the bottom to prevent a revolt. 3. The ideal system is achieved when there is a balance of incentive to succeed and redistribution to prevent those at the bottom from living in poverty. 4. How that system is balanced is where conservatives and liberals disagree, with liberals favoring more distribution and conservatives favoring less. 5. Therefore, conservatives, by opposing redistribution, are indirectly favoring accumulation.
Even if Hydra follows the easy patterns and the telegraphs its attacks, there's still a certain amount of skill and reflex required to defeat it. Not everybody has those.
You can't be expected to be taken seriously if you respond to people asking for evidence by saying "dO yOuR oWn ReSeArCh!1!"
Yeah, there was a conservative person there making some legitimately good conversation, and I got downvoted pretty heavily for calling out people that jumped down his throat unprovoked.
I think that's because the progressive right has been lumped in with the regressive right. They tried to split off in Alberta and that got the NDP elected. Even though I'm very left socially and economically, I'd love to see a viable socially progressive fiscally conservative party
"/r/Canada skews to the right" is a claim, and one that I agree with. However, your condescending tone betrays your complete lack of good faith in this discussion. I'm fairly far left politically and socially, as well as a subscriber to /r/OnGuardForThee. I would be fucking embarrassed if a moderate conservative with genuine curiosity about the left read this thread and saw how rude you treat people that don't immediate accept whatever spews out of your mouth.
I consider myself a socialist, but I do see a lot of merit in certain conservative ideals. For example, I recognize the power of the free market when it comes to efficiency and innovation. However, there are certain ideals that can't be guaranteed by the invisible hand, such as comprehensive Health Care and stewardship of the environment. That's where my left leaning top-down sensibilities kick in. Regulation has the power to incentivize certain behaviors of the free market that it wouldn't achieve on its own. I also love the idea of personal responsibility. I don't think anybody wants to be forced to prop up someone who seems to be willingly slamming their fists down on the self-destruct button. However, if we decide that providing support for those fail through no fault of their own is important to us as a society, it's inevitable that there will be those who abuse the system. I also think that a strong foundation is required before we can think of asking for personal responsibility. Effective, comprehensive early education is critical for setting a society up for success. I'm reminded of one of the criticisms of libertarianism. "It's a system that demands its citizens to be rational and educated, while making it no effort to achieve that."
I think the best metaphor I've seen is that regulation should be a gentle slope to get the ball rolling in the direction we want, not a club to force it uphill.
This was a scene from Comet Pizza.
Let's not get caught up in whataboutism. Being better than metacanada is a low bar to clear, and I should hope we aspire to be orders of magnitude better than that.
Do you believe the mod team does a good enough job of deleting comments and topics that violate the subreddit's civility rules?
I honestly don't think metacanada could do much more to tarnish their reputation
Downvotes are how we decide who gets a voice. Top comments get seen, and downvoted comments get buried. They're tools for removing people that don't contribute to the discussion, not as a means of suppression. Downvoting someone simply because you disagree with them is cowardly, and doesn't do a good god damn thing for fostering healthy discussion. Like I said, I'm very worried about this sub becoming an echo chamber where dissenting voices are suppressed, even when those voices are being perfectly respectful and reasonable.
&gt; There are biggest fish to fry. This is the same argument as someone who gets pulled over for speeding and yells at the cops "because you could be catching murderers instead of giving me a ticket!"
Can you please summarize? I can't read that on mobile
I'm glad you introduced that metaphor, because it perfectly helps me illustrate my point. In your example, people who drink responsibly aren't living peacefully along with the residents of OnGuardForThee, they're being targeted for being associated with the drunk drivers. Now, they aren't being thrown in jail like the drunk drivers, but they certainly aren't being allowed to participate in city life because non-drinkers discriminate against them based on the actions of those who are their peers only in name. I'm not saying we should tolerate dunk driving. I specifically clarified that the alt-right, Nazis, and such can pack their bags and fuck off forever in the OP. What I don't want to see is all the casual, responsible drinkers driven out of town because the non-drinkers can't be assed to distinguish the two. Getting back to the point, the only thing we shouldn't tolerate is intolerance. Doubly so when it's our peers being the intolerant ones.
Then why does your fellow moderator, /u/UsedToDonateBlood **agree** with what I've said in this post?
As someone who does construction, that test would have worked had they been able to set it up properly. The reason the door didn't break down is because all the energy of his kicks were going into flexing the frame. If that were a properly installed the door, the jam would have no flex and the wood would have shattered.
You should look up knob and tube wiring. Basically, in the early days of electricity there was no way to properly insulate wires that didn't make bringing electricity into the home cost prohibitive. Their solution was to run exposed wire inside the walls and have it wrapped around glass knobs (or some other non conductive post). Unfortunately, this resulted in a lot of homes burned down. If anything conductive, such as a rodent, wet insulation, or really anything else that got between the walls, it would cause a short.
When you kick a door, the only thing contacting the wood is the deadbolt. All the force of your kick is transferred through the deadbolt to the frame. With the wedge they're selling, the force of your kick is spread out over the area of the bolt plus the wedge, which means many many times less force on the wood.
You're going to have to be more pacific.
That little cat is almost entirely the art and animation team, who typically have long breaks during the development process. Commander would be an "all hands on deck" type change that requires orders of magnitude more work to get done.
"I've jumped more sharks than any other president in history!"
The anthropocene extinction yay!
No, but the public impression of a group is usually based on the most extreme version of that group, since they're usually the most vocal and attention grabbing. Muslims? Oh, you mean those terrorists. Feminists? Oh, you mean those bra burners. Conservatives? Oh, you mean those Nazis. Black Lives Matter? Oh, you mean those cop killers. It takes a lot of work for the moderates of a group to keep a leash on the extreme fringe, or at the very least to make sure that the reasonable voices are the loudest.
I'm not sure if your comment is supposed to be hyperbole, but any protest where people are harmed worse than the injustices it's supposed to correct is a failure.
&gt;Most American conservatives support trump. Most American conservatives see him as the incompetent leader of a party who they'd rather support. Don't let the extreme examples inform your opinion of the majority.
No one's saying they're the same, but saying that just because you're not in the top 10 cities doesn't mean that there's nothing to do.
LGBTQ people make up a far larger proportion of homeless, addicts, and suicidal population. In many places and in many familiar, ever the rumor that you're gay can completely ruin your social life and reputation. The simple fact of the matter is that young LGBTQ people deep far more help from social infrastructure due to ignorant, hateful parents.
PRAISE!
Are you justified in using deadly force on an intruder that is unconscious in your living room?
Anyone who values their property over another person's life is a piece of shit in my mind. Full stop.
I'm just establishing that there's a situation where deadly force is unnecessary in a home invasion scenario. A broken deadbolt isn't a blank cheque to go Yosemite Sam on the first guy that looks at you funny.
There is a very wide range of people and intents that may be entering your home without permission. Is it a murderer come to kill every living thing on the other side of the threshold? Is it a drunk who forced open the wrong door? Is it a cop? A person fleeing an assailant? A guy who just wants to grab the first expensive thing he sees? I have no issue with using deadly force if necessary to protect your own life and physical safety, or that of your loved ones. What I take umbridge with is the idea that a person in your home uninvited is automatic permission to use deadly force.
How I wish I could go back to having such a simplistic world view.
The classic Logical Ouroboros.
I don't think anybody could reasonably argue that oil and gas haven't benefited humanity to an overwhelming degree. Even if you disregard all the materials and scientific advancements, fossil fuels have given us access to an unprecedented amount of energy. Unfortunately, it's also killing us. The only viable alternatives have either been unduly demonized (nuclear) or criminally underdeveloped (renewables).
Rule of thumb: When a politician tells you to be afraid of something, and they give unsubstantiated reasons for it, you can guarantee they're a fucking slimeball not worth your time or vote.
And then when our [birth rate continues to plummet](https://www.indexmundi.com/g/g.aspx?c=ca&amp;v=25) as it does in all developed nations, we end up with a top heavy society of non-taxpaying seniors and a looming labor crisis like in [Japan](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aging_of_Japan). The fact of the matter is that we *need* immigrants to maintain a stable population. This is in addition to a need for programs that encourage parents to have children, like child tax credits, subsidized daycare, and well funded schools. Even if you personally never have children, you still want other people to have lots of children to pay for the government teat we all suck on when we get old.
https://youtu.be/A2JCoIGyGxc This should clear things up. :)
If you were king of healthcare and could deliver proclamations that had to be followed, what is a law or policy you would add, change, or abolish?
My guess is /r/lossofalovedone
&gt; this is where life sacrifice is paid for the later **potential** dividends It should be said that this sort of thing, being paid in dividends and a low salary with a startup, is the kind of uber high risk career that only an unattached early-20s person can take. This is not the sort of job for someone with a spouse, children, or major financial commitments like a mortgage.
No, he's being sarcastic by pointing out that cutting the fire response budget isn't going to actually change the amount of fires or the money needed to fight them.
There is a VERY minor improvement in some areas of health, specifically STIs that primarily affect the foreskin. However, if we use the potential prevention of rare diseases as a justification for mutilating babies, then I don't want to live where that happens.
If you are into podcasts, here is one that lays out a lot of information you might need for making the decision: https://gimletmedia.com/shows/science-vs/dvhe5l
Just trying to be factual here. There's a lot of people in this thread saying there are literally zero benefits, which isn't correct. The truth is on the side of not circumcising, so there's no need to spread falsehoods and give the pro-circumcision crowd ammunition.
ELI5 version of what /u/moal09 just said: Sometimes online games will run at different speeds on different players' computers due to many factors, but mostly because of latency in one or more players' connection, and this causes the games to go out of sync. There are many different ways of handling this desync, each with different advantages. This one portion of what's called the "netcode" The developers of SF5 choose a method of handling desync that works really well for internet with low latency, like in Japan, but doesn't perform well in higher latency areas with frequent spikes like the US. The developers have little incentive to improve their netcode, because many Japanese developers only cater to Japanese audiences, and Western players are considered an afterthought at best.
His explanation contained many technical terms and references to examples that don't make any sense unless you are able to tangentially intuit meaning. In what way do you find my explanation inadequate?
The cost of being a good person is occasionally being taken advantage of. I've come to terms with this, and I do take steps to prevent that from happening, but it's a price many of us are willing to pay for the satisfaction of being that person.
Fuck it. Rent a boat and chuck my body into the ocean. I wouldn't want to impose such predatory, ridiculous bullshit on my family.
How is that any different from donating to charity? How do we know our donation dollars aren't being spent on frivolous luxuries for the people running them? Oh yeah, we'd have to hire Government auditors to prove it.
As someone who spent grades 7-12 learning Mandarin and French, French is very similar to English as far as languages go. Not as similar as something like Spanish and Portuguese, but if I had to choose a language that was as close as possible to English, French would be very high on that list.
https://climate.nasa.gov/news/2943/study-confirms-climate-models-are-getting-future-warming-projections-right/
Out of all those languages you just listed, which is the one a french person who travels the world is most likely to pick up as a second language?
I do, yes. Who do you go to for authoritative opinions on incredibly complex systems, such as climate?
In English, the word for the language spoken in the Netherlands is "Dutch". Have you ever looked into the origin of English, it's actually incredibly fascinating.
Oh yes, whenever a large industry is threatened by science, there is almost always an enormous disinformation campaign. You could go through a kilometer of red yarn drawing all the connections between the climate change disinformation campaign and the leaded gasoline disinformation campaign.
I think where we got our wires crossed is that I was considering learning French as a native English speaker, rather than learning English as a native French speaker. You are definitely correct that there are many more languages that share a closer common root with French. As for the history of English, here's a good video that summarizes it: https://youtu.be/YEaSxhcns7Y
This is fucking hilarious at 2x speed.
\&gt; Calls Trudeau a celebrity \&gt; Expects to be taken seriously Adorable. :)
Nah, if you're going to bait me into an argument, you're going to have to do a lot better than "2015-era mud sling ad".
Because you (the gunman) aren't Dirty Harry you can't shoot the hair off a fly's ass at 50 paces, and ordinary citizens have no place dispensing justice as they see fit.
I feel like #2 would work, but it's far too clunky to see print.
This comment hit me in a very deep way. Currently going through a separation, and I think I've said all that stuff out loud verbatim.
Safely, yeah. Except fucktouple the complexity of all the logistics and emotions involved since we are polyamorous, she has another live-in partner, and two kids between the two families who's legal status isn't necessarily reflective of their relationships with each parent. We're also still madly in love, but can't be with each other for a multitude of reasons related to trauma within our relationship and our mental health. From one internet stranger to another, thank you.
Netflix has produced some of the most culturally relevant TV shows in the past 5 years.
1. Present bad guy, sometimes is former good guy. 2. Horde and Alliance must join forces. 3. Oh no it turns out there was actually another bad guy controlling/corrupting/etc the first bad guy. 4. Beat the other bad guy. 5. A handful of pissbabies start a war again. 6. GOTO 1
Because he watches gay porn?
And [[Return to Nature]]
Vote progressively. This is a societal problem that would require an unprecedented level of grassroots effort to overcome. We need the dedication, drive, and resources that can only come from the collective effort of everyone (ie. tax income and legal structures).
B U T W H A T A B O U T
I think that's just a product of being spawned from graphic novels/manga. The over-explanation is often necessary to convey a lot of action or exposition in a small amount of page real-estate.
This is incorrect, as my wife is a healthcare worker at one of the major Edmonton hospitals. She's casual and works a 0.7 with benefits. I can't say for sure if she has a pension.
She's a casual float, so she works on whatever unit is needed at the time. She's scheduled to work a 0.7, but she's free to cancel shifts without consequence (other than making herself look unreliable) and she can pick up as many as she likes.
&gt; but you don't make everything in the town super boring except the tavern so they just head over there and you can get on with the story The trick is to have key plot elements be malleable. They'd rather go to the library than the tavern? Okay, mysterious stranger in the library. They decide to fuck off in the woods for a bit, guess who they meet in the woods?!
Don't be shy comrade! Now tell me, do you prefer your rich with mayonnaise, mustard, or ketchup?
I have literally, never once in my life, seen a Deus Vult meme used as a dog whistle. I think there's a hell of a lot of people jumping at shadows with this one.
Let's ignore the fact that a person holding up a sign in a protest is absolutely not a dog whistle, as they're meant to be silent to anyone the message isn't intended for. All I see one person in a crowd of people who has coopted a meme. Conceding cultural objects and references to hate groups empowers them. Just because alt-right shitbirds like to use Nordic mythological and Christian imagery doesn't mean those are suddenly always a dog whistle all the time. Context is important.
Edit: I apologize for the aggressive tone of this post. Please know that it comes from a place of frustration and hope. Listen, I'm not here to play Woke Olympics with you. If you've somehow warped my meaning and intention to say that I "really like [Nazis]", then we have nothing to say to each other. I suggest you spend some time thinking about how you project your fears and anxieties onto people who disagree with you regarding social justice, because that's exactly what you've done here. You don't know me, and you have no reason to trust what I'm saying, but in the off chance you do I need to ensure you know that the idea of liking or sympathizing with Nazis is positively repugnant to me. I spend a significant amount of time thinking about privilege (I'm a straight-presenting white cisgendered male in Canada) and about what can be done to make the world a better place for *everyone*. I can tell you now that admonishing people for using a word/symbol/meme is not worth your time or emotional bandwidth. For every Nazi you convert with shame and aggression, you galvanize 10 more. The way you truly change hearts is through love and by being an example of tolerance and inclusivity. Stop looking for wars to fight. Start working towards love.
Believe what you want to believe. Just please stop jumping at shadows and making enemies out of allies. It's largely irrelevant to our conversation, but the only reason I enjoy my position of privilege is because I'm straight presenting. There are a lot of people who would be willing and able to do a lot of harm to me if they knew sides of myself that aren't as visible.
Dear fellow dads, and really all men: Don't be afraid to show all the love to everyone in the world, especially other men. We hardly get told we're pretty as is, so imagine how happy you'd make a new dad by telling him he has nice shoes or a sick-ass jacket.
Y-yes.
If you choose not to read it in its entirety, at the very least check out [Chapter 18](https://us14.campaign-archive.com/?u=671981442a09c23d267bd602b&amp;id=0d75c9223b). [[SPOILER WARNING]] Pretty much the whole chapter is a fight between Niv-Mizzet and Nicol Bolas. It's a supremely badass duel between two of the most powerful beings in the multiverse.
It does its best.
Hell yeah! The lightning lance opening volley was badass as hell. I would give my left nut for an alternate art [[Electrodominance]] featuring that scene.
This is why I laugh at all the morons who think OSHA and other safety organizations are a waste of space. Sure, let's abolish all safety regulations and you can enjoy your race-to-the-bottom shithole of a country.
I always hearken to those videos you see of Bangladeshi bricklayers with 4 tons of bricks stacked on the back of their moped. The only reason they have that many is because they've out-competed the ones who only stacked 3 tons of bricks on their moped. Safety regulations mean that those who are willing to **literally** kill themselves to make a bigger profit don't destroy the livelihoods of those who want to see their kids at the end of the day.
If you lack the imagination to understand how extracting gold from the playerbase causes more of them to want to buy packs, you don't really have a place at this discussion.
Scythe in the Styx*
\&gt; Uses anecdote to justify position \&gt; Lambastes someone for using anecdotes \&gt; Except I didn't actually use any anecdotes Debate club prodigy right here.
The problem is that the vast majority of (lower case c) conservatives have been run out of politics by corrupt neoliberal twatwaffles. They see small government, privatization, and deregulation as the only possible solutions to the problems presented by society.
This has been going on since long before I've been following politics.
https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/738/025/db0.jpg
UGG is wholesome as fuck, and totally fits into LEGO's branding of cheeky fun.
It has collapsing tabs that you can screw in from the inside/front that grasp the drywall. Many, many, many times easier than using F-clips. [Like this](https://www.homedepot.ca/product/iberville-rework-device-box/1000408040)
DC vs AC
In case you haven't looked into it, I really enjoying watching the When Cheese Fails series on YouTube. You don't need much in-depth knowledge, and it's really fun listening to the two hosts lose their sanity.
Honestly, I consider Pathfinder 2e to be the true evolution of the D&amp;D line. 5e is great for its simplicity and how easy it is for new players to pick up and play, but the lack of customization in character creation and dearth of content turned me off very quickly. PF2 took the best parts of 4e, threw in a bunch of 3.X, and mixed it all within the 3-action mechanic to make a truly great system that still feels like D&amp;D. If anyone has any questions about it, feel free to ask. I love the system, and I think you all owe it to yourselves to give it a try for a few sessions.
It's important to note that Secret Lair is all alternate art reprints. It's not like anyone is getting a competitive advantage by being able to buy it.
And those hundreds of dollars are just pieces of paper with ink or ones and zeros in some bank's computer. Nothing is inherently valuable. It's also worth mentioning that pretty much all the secret lair original cards are fairly easy to acquire on the secondary market.
Keep in mind this is my very subjective opinion. I'm not saying PF2 is a superior game, just that I prefer it to 5e for the following reasons: - Much more in-depth character creation and advancement. There's not a single level where you aren't choosing 2+ different options available to your character. This gives me a great deal of flexibility to either put together a mechanically interesting or powerful build or flesh out a character concept. - The 3-action system provides a lot of flexibility in combat. Previous editions had the usual attack-move-bonus turn structure, but PF2 allows you to do *anything* with those 3 actions. You could move-attack-move, spell-move-attack, or even attack-attack-attack (although you take a penalty on multiple attacks, this penalty is reduced or negated by certain abilities like the Flurry ranger or by wielding a weapon with the Aglie trait). Some abilities require two actions, such as most spells, and some spells get stronger the more actions you spend on them. For example, Magic Missile can be cast as a single action spell for a single 1d4+1 missile or as a two to three action spell that fires two to three missiles respectively. - Degrees-of-success makes for some really interesting gameplay. Basically, critical successes or fails aren't determined solely by the dice anymore. Whenever you roll that d20, you have a chance to get a success or failure as per normal, but if you beat/fail the DC by 10 or more, it becomes a critical success/failure. Also, because it's not the same without the rush of a natural 20 or the dismay of a natural 1, rolling a 1 or 20 either increases or decreases the level of success by 1. Some spells and abilities get extra effects on a critical success. A great example of this is [Color Spray](https://2e.aonprd.com/Spells.aspx?ID=44). - There's also a lot more emphasis put on non-combat encounters. Every character gets a skill feat at every even numbered level (rogues get one at EVERY level!). PF2 feats aren't always as flashy as 5e feats, but rather give your character a slight nudge in broadening or focusing their skills. Very few feats are simple static bonuses. - Multiclassing. By the gods do I love multiclassing in PF2. I won't go too in-depth, because it would require a decent knowledge of the system. Basically, instead of gaining feats tied to your class that give you new powers and modify your existing ones, you can take a dedication feat and start picking up new feats from a second (or third or fourth) class. In previous editions, you could easily make a horrifically bad character by multiclassing wrong. A Fighter 3 / Wizard 3 in 5e is almost always going to be hot garbage barring an OP combination like the Paladin/Warlock. In PF2, literally any class can go with any other class without making either one useless. You can also take dedications into things that aren't full classes, but rather archetypes. Wanna be a Barbarian that used to be a [circus performer](https://2e.aonprd.com/Archetypes.aspx?ID=36)? Easy. The flexibility of the dedication system means it's incredibly easy for homebrewers and 3rd party publishers to plug in cool archetypes without having to recreate an entire character class. - Okay. I need to stop now. The final thing I'll leave you with is the web site I've linked a few times throughout this writeup. Paizo has always put **all** of their material online for free, and you can find it now on the fan-made SRD that Paizo brought on board as their official SRD, [Archives of Nethys](https://2e.aonprd.com/Default.aspx).
Like I said, I consider it the true evolution of D&amp;D. There's a bit of a curve, as you unlearn many of the tropes and mechanics of previous systems. For example, attack of opportunity isn't something just anyone can do anymore, but those classes that can do it get a much more powerful version. Also, shields don't do anything unless you use the Raise Shield action. However, if you have the Shield Block feat, you can actually reduce the amount of damage your character takes on a hit, effectively giving you damage reduction in exchange for an action on your turn. It's also a *very* tactical game. The first mini-adventure that was published, [The Fall of Plaguestone](https://paizo.com/products/btq01zoh?Pathfinder-Adventure-The-Fall-of-Plaguestone), has earned a reputation as a meat grinder because most players weren't ready for the level of difficulty the game has if you build encounters as they suggest.
Speaking of death mechanics, I really love PF2's handling of that compared to 5e. There was one point in a 5e game where my Paladin stood behind the Rogue in a 5' wide hallway and managed to stall out a fight by Lay-on-Hands-ing him for 1 HP each turn, having him get hit and go to 0, just to repeat the process again. In PF2 you have the same 3 levels of dying, but every time you go down again without resting you start your next round of death saves having already failed one.
Not at all. The difference between a highly optimized character and one that's not isn't as great as it used to be, and there really aren't any trap options.
Or maybe you're indescribably stupid in that you don't understand that it's not meant to be a literal description of 1000 cops. The entire point of that phrase is to illustrate that a "good cop" who allows a "bad cop" to do bad things is not a good cop.
I would argue that there's merit in a white lie that spares someone emotional trauma. You never know if the person you're rejecting is able to handle perceived criticism or if a comment about their weight, habits, etc might cause undue harm.
Nazi: Are you hiding jews? You: Yes, they're in the closet. You, internally: I did the right thing. 🤔
Or you could have a bit of tact. "I'm sorry, I'm just not interested in a relationship." Done and done.
I'm not one of the ACAB people you seem so intent on spewing vitriol at. Try again, kid.
I'm just trying to establish that lying is morally justifiable when the truth would cause harm. Once that's done, it's just a matter of debating how much harm is too much.
I literally tell you what I believe and you seem to think that you get to impose what you believe I believe? K E K
I think this is a more reasonable stance. A lot of the "I'm just telling the truth!" crowd use the truth as an excuse to be an asshole.
Yeah, 600k is a fucking mansion out here. My buddy bought his starter home condo up in Clareview for $175k in 2016.
As someone who has played a lot of both, that's exactly how I'd put it. PF2 is the best parts of 4e, but executed in a way that still feels like D&amp;D.
Rogue One I really enjoyed, but every other Star Wars movie I watched after Return of the Jedi got the same reaction from me: "Well, it wasn't *good*, but at least I had fun!"
As a legitimately diagnosed and medicated ADHD sufferer, I love seeing people like him living normally. :)
When someone quotes a statistic to support their argument, and the best rebuttal you can come up with is some vague platitude, it's time to sit down and shut the fuck up.
Do you understand what proportions are?
Do you not understand how proportions work? Fucking retard.
Aggressively relevant: https://youtu.be/PbBzhqJK3bg
I'm not going to argue with you about the role of police or how to solve police violence. The issue I take is with your statement that "more white people are killed by police". While it might be true, it's a gross misrepresentation of the facts that can (sometimes deliberately) lead to incorrect conclusions. So yes, while the raw number of white people killed by police is greater than the raw number of black people killed by police, the **proportion** of white victims to population is much smaller than black. This trend even holds out when controlling for socioeconomic status, criminality, and violence/aggression. I can provide sources if you're interested.
Lolwut &gt; Fetishists As if a single word descriptor of someone's sexual tastes define their entire political worldview. Kek
Because black people are disproportionately targeted and discriminated against, which is the entire reason the whole situation we're in is happening. It's like sitting in a hospital waiting room with a broken nose and complaining that the ICU patients are getting more attention. Yes, a broken nose is a problem and needs to be addressed, no one is denying that. When you try to equivocate your problem to someone else's *much worse* problem, you'll get called out.
Both of the problems you listed aren't things that can't be solved on an individual level. Like many problems plaguing society, they require the power and organization of a large administrative body, such as a government. A lot more good would be done if people took half the effort they put into personal change and instead put it towards campaigning for politicians that support progressive initiatives.
As a 31 year old man, purses are fucking awesome. I used to stuff my pockets full of a bunch of shit, but now I keep it in an easy to carry over-the-shoulder bag. Now the only thing that lives in my pockets are my keys and phone.
**Drifloon** ducktales.wav
But where will I keep my butt plug?
But on a more serious note, I think it's important for everyone to divorce their ego and self worth from their physical appearance. We all fade with time. If you spend all your early life leaning on your looks for confidence, you'll have a rude awakening as you age and have to unlearn all that. Not to mention what might happen if a tragic accident or disease robs you of your body as you knew it. Instead, I suggest looking to your accomplishments, skills, and relationships for self-worth. I draw self worth from my skills as an electrician, electronics repair tech, dungeon master, etc. I take pride in being a good father, a good husband, and a good friend. That's not to say I'm perfect or that I don't struggle with body issues, but at the very least it doesn't bother me that people give me crap for using an accessory traditionally deemed 'feminine'.
Honestly, I think it's smart. If we're thinking about energy and calories, it's probably a lot easier on his body to catch watermelons this way than to walk the distance they're being tossed or catch them normally where you have to support their entire weight as they come to a stop.
Also props to the mom. No yelling, no freakout, didn't yank the kid's arm. Just a gentle correction.
Your multi-paragraph writing style gives me the impression of somebody who speaks slowly and thoughtfully. Is that intentional?
Sorry, it was meant as a compliment.
Stack gas. Ezpz
My favorite insult that actually got the whole team laughing and cooperating after one guy made a really boneheaded play: "@player, I didn't know they added controller support."
/r/pcmasterrace almost went down that path, but the mods did a decent job of cracking down.
Good thing we got rid of all those dirty old scumbags! Oh wait, I forgot the UCP are just the PCs with the serial numbers filed off.
That money is YOUR money you paid in taxes. If you need to hire a contractor, do you check out reviews and get quotes, or do you just YOLO it and throw your money at the first company you find? That's what the process is for. All that cut red tape doesn't mean shit if the contractor the government hires to do a job ends up costing us more money because they wouldn't allow anyone to bid on it. There's an old saying among tradesmen. "It's cheaper to do it right the first time than fuck it up and have do it twice."
This build is for those who have a lot of items to smelt, but want to extract the XP from all that smelting. When a furnace is emptied by a hopper, the next time an item is manually removed, ALL of the smelting XP of the items automatically removed is granted. Explanation: 1. Items to be smelted are drawn from the top chest (or distribution hoppers) and fuel from the middle chest. 2. The comparator sees there's items in the chest and a. powers the diorite block b. turns the torch off c. retracts the sticky piston d. turns off the repeater e. cuts power to the bottom hopper 3. The bottom hopper will continue drawing items from the furnace as they finish smelting, allowing you to put all your your smelting tasks into one chest without refilling it. 4. When the last item to be smelted is put into the furnace from the top hopper, the comparator turns off and step 2 repeats, but in reverse. 5. Now that the bottom hopper is powered, it will no longer draw items from the furnace, allowing you to remove the final stack of items and get that sweet, sweet xp. In order to tile this build, simply alternate redstone dust and repeaters on the bottom in a checkerboard pattern. NOTE: The piston pictured is a **sticky piston**, and the repeater must be set to at least a **1-tick delay**, otherwise the second-to-last item will get stuck in the bottom hopper.
I built this in Java, but I'm not sure if it works in bedrock. If someone could confirm this for me, that would be lovely. :)
What part of it doesn't work?
Try setting the delay on the repeater to two ticks?
Imagine gatekeeping encounter design.
The vehicle can accelerate on the ground far faster than the guy can throw it.
He's already been a part of an IA investigation that saw one of his coworkers fired. You're delusional if you think he can just start slapping cuffs on cops.
First off, we're Canadian. Second, as I mentioned in another reply, he's already been a part of an IA investigation and got one of his coworkers fired. In our talk last night I asked him what he'd do if the crowd turned violent or if he was given an order to disperse a peaceful one, and he told me that he'd straight up disregard an order to harm the people he swore an oath to protect.
It could also easily be Izzet, similar to [[Saheeli, Sublime Artificer]].
Or the players don't particularly care about roleplaying and are more interested in combat.
Good.
Oh my sweet summer child. Maybe when you're finished Jr High you'll have a better grasp on the difference between civil and criminal court.
It's a good thing people don't get judgments against them because of "tears".
That card makes me so sad. :(
You mean the guy who saw little to no legal consequence for being accused?
Ah yes, you're one of those all-taxes-are-theft types. Tell me, did you watch RoboCop and think "Yeah, that's the version of Detroit I want to live in"?
Let's not forget his aggressive involvement in the Central Park 5 case.
tl;dr, A woman was raped and nearly killed in Central Park. A bunch of black and latino kids were linked to the crime by incredibly thin circumstance, and Donnie boy went on a media blitz calling for their execution. They were sent to prison and later exonerated because they were brutally coerced by cops into conflicting confessions.
Kind of like any Star Wars movie after Return of the Jedi, Pacific Rim, or the Conan novels. "That wasn't *good*, but I had fun!"
Are you implying that any major Albertan political parties are Communist?
"I support your right to protest as long as it doesn't inconvenience me in *any* way and allows me to ignore you."
Oh, it's hot fucking garbage. The characters are boring, the dialogue is mediocre, there's basically no plot. Bit none of that matters because A GIANT ROBOT JUST HIT A KAIJU WITH A FREAKIN' BOAT!
It's a shame nothing good ever comes from inconveniencing people during a protest. The protests after the Triangle Factory fire were crazy inconvenient and didn't change *anything* for the better. The protests in the wake of Dr. King Jr were all but useless, but inconvenient as heck!
Consider this from the perspective of the protesters. No one *wants* to protest, and no one *wants* to inconvenience people. At the end of the day, they're just people like you and me that want to live happy, safe, and peaceful lives. If there's an injustice being done to them so bad that they feel the need to disruptively protest, maybe it's worth paying attention to them.
I envy you. Your life must be so peaceful, unburdened by such things as empathy, subtlety, and intelligence.
Or Command/Swarms/Sacrifice on Drizzle. I get it you want an easy game, but that's literally the mode my 8 year old daughter plays on. Not to be disparaging to those physically unable to do higher difficulties, but I have a hard time not being bored on games like that.
And if you don't have any money? You exchange your data for free games. If a person wants to make that conscious choice, why not?
Mmhm. Again, it's totally fair to not want to play on the most difficult mode possible, but I get a hell of a lot more joy out of becoming an unstoppable killing machine once I feel like I've earned it.
&gt; blue troops I doubt we'd be in this situation if cops had even half the training of the military or followed any sort of rules of engagement.
U N I O N I Z E U N I O N I Z E U N I O N I Z E
&gt; D&amp;D books should not cost *Laughs in Paizo*
Just Google "redneck and proud" and you'll see plenty of people who have claimed that title in what they perceive as a positive way. If you want to argue that it's a *classist* term, I'll agree with you completely.
THE MEDIA! THE MEDIA! THE MEDIA! Very substantive post you have there.
Please point out where I said or implied that. Your own imagination doesn't count.
And all the information you need, including all rules and character options, are available for free online through an official SRD. https://aonprd.com/ The only thing you're missing is artwork and physical paper.
That's the best you got? You can't play society? Kek
&gt; Asserting I'm in any way aligned with right wing politics because the best you've got is petty insults. T O P K E K
Let me be clear, the "kek" was meant as dismissive laughter.
It has more to do with people who have an anti-establishment streak that like to demonize "the media" as some vague monolithic entity while putting the entirety of their faith into "small" media like The Rebel.
Yeah! Fight for all those white people being disproportionately targeted by police! Oh wait, it's only non-whites being disproportionately targeted.
Both of those statements are correct, but only show a very small part of the whole picture. 1. As a **proportion of the population** black people are killed far more often by police. 2. When controlling for socioeconomic status, inter- and intraracial violence is the **same across all races**".
Because that person is **definitely** referring to a small town in Michigan. Don't be dense.
&gt; jOkEs GiVe Me FrEe LiCeNsE tO bE a FuCkStIcK
I've never understood smurfing to get into better ranked brackets. If you're good enough to get there, you'll get there. If you're not, you'll just lose more games.
&gt; Unions are not good for anyone that performs above average So above average workers got 40 hour work weeks before Union lobbyists pushed for them? Above average workers got safer working conditions before unions? &gt; I've had nothing but bad experiences with them. They just take a big slice out of your paycheck, and then use it to defend your bad coworkers that refuse to do their job. Then your compensation is hindered because you can only be paid according to seniority, rather than performance. Cool anecdote, bro. Doesn't change the fact that unions are an overall net positive, and that conditions would be far fucking worse without them. Why do you think shitty businesses that abuse their workers are terrified of unions?
That's why all the racist groups gravitate towards the center, yeah?
This is going to be controversial (/s) but I'll say it anyways: Niantec is either horrifically inept or entirely disinterested in fostering a healthy meta, and will likely continue to bleed users.
&gt; How about fighting the roots of racism like **white supremacy and the belief that some people are worth more than other people**. Arresting people does not solve racism. This guy was just doing his job. That's not heroism. How precisely do you fight intangible ideas? One particularly effective way is to find the people who use those idea to hurt other people and put them in prison where they can be flagged for psychiatric intervention.
Cliffnotes?
Have the same issue here. I was having huge latency issues, logged off for a few minutes about two hours ago and haven't been able to log in since.
They protect teachers from politicians looking to save a buck by cutting their already in-the-red budgets and jamming classes full of 30+ students, if they're doing their job right.
&gt; Politicians want better student outcomes, it makes them look good. Sure as hell doesn't look that way, at least from right-leaning politicians. Mostly all they care about is funneling money away from public school systems and into private where the rich get to send their kids for top tier education while the poor get to jam pack their kids into gigantic classrooms in crumbling schools. I can't speak to your specific area, but in mine, the local teachers union threatening to sue the conservative government for breach of contract is one of the few things keeping them from raping and pillaging our public schools.
The alternative is giving suspects carte blanche to resist, which is a whole other rabbit hole. At the end of the day, if a cop wants to arrest you, you're going to be arrested one way or another. "You can beat the rap, but you can't beat the ride."
&gt; While once in a blue moon these interests may align with those of students, they’re usually directly in opposition. This is simply, blatantly incorrect, and only makes sense in a world where you have antagonistic teachers, which is not the case the vast majority of the time. I spent 5 years of my life pursuing a bachelor's degree in science and education, including two practicums and I've personally met dozens of teachers in a professional capacity. Every one I met with no exception was passionate about teaching and wanted nothing but the best for their students.
You're assuming teaching is a competitive career with competitive compensation. Spoiler alert: it's not unless the government has two brain cells to rub together and funds it properly. Again, right now most schools are run on razor thin budgets. It's very clear to me you have very little experience in academia and education other than some bad experiences in high school. It's best you drop this topic.
You can download your realm and copy those files into the server folder. https://help.minecraft.net/hc/en-us/articles/360035130891-Java-Edition-How-do-I-download-my-Realms-world-
&gt; You’re only furthering my point. Only in your own mind.
YOU'RE HAVING FUN WRONG!!1
You used to get splatbooks catered towards one particular subset of characters, but now it's a random mish-mash of crap that a single character might use one or two options from. Paizo is pretty good at thematically grouping splat books, but still runs into this issue from time to time.
That's only if removing monitoring *wasn't* a transparent attempt to eliminate O&amp;G oversight. 🤔🤔🤔
There's a local ISP called TekSavvy. Pretty much the second I get a tech on the line, I'm walking through the symptoms, troubleshooting steps I've taken, and equipment. They're awesome at providing service once they get the idea that I'm somewhat technically inclined.
Royally screws over arena players. Normally you get duplicate protection with rares same mythics, but not in a different set. It was necessary since you can't trade/sell/dust (a-la Hearthstone) your cards. All the temples have the same problem.
The earliest set in the full launch was Ixalan. AKH and HOU were the ones that got wiped out.
Lazotep Plating is in standard lmao
I've been playing around with this for a while, and I've found two things that really give this deck some gas: - [[Pollywog Symbiote]] - Obvious mutate synergy, draws cards, bins spells for Vadrok to cast or to just bounce back to hand with Drakkis - [[Improbable Alliance]] - This puts mutate-able bodies on the board to chump for our walkers and is surprisingly easy to trigger. Give it a whirl and let me know if it performs as well for you as it does for me. Also, since I only had two Clarion, I put some [[Ashiok, Dream Render]] in the sideboard for recurrable graveyard hate. Not sure if it'll stay there.
The 80s, man. Just dropping those N-bombs.
It's making fun of the people who use the attack helicopter meme as if it were some sort of valid criticism of transgendered people.
Question: If you mutate onto a card that stops being a creature, does it keep the mutation pile? I imagine slapping a ton of [[Lore Drakkis]] and [[Vadrok]] onto something like this to help it dodge removal and keep recurring prowess triggers.
"Killing the Eldrazi broke the universe so we're going to rewind time back to the Battle for Seagate and- Hey! Why are the elf and pyromancer canoodling?! Time go exert my decidedly male time magic and fix that!"
I haven't known the touch of a woman for several weeks, and I think I can go a few more after watching this.
If it's for a repair where you might have to drive less than 20 spikes, it's probably worth it.
*But I'm tiiiiiired!* Yeah, I used to be a framer before I was a sparky, and I've worked with guys that would literally climb down off a roof to get an air nailer rather than drive a half dozen nails by hand. Then again, I still have my stiletto hammer from back then, so I'm speaking from a position of extreme privilege. ;)
You ever used one of those nice hammers? Freaking game changer.
Unions exist to create a *balance* of power between employer and employee. Without strong unions, it's far too easy for the one in power to abuse those who are not. It's like that old slogan "United we bargain; divided we beg." The problem is in this case is that many police unions are legally compelled to defend their members, even the cockbags like in the video.
Or a Hitachi personal massage wand? 😏
I've owned both, and the wireless one just has less *oomph* to it. Plus sometimes I'll put a tiny lock over the plug end to torture my wife when I'm not home.
A few comments up, someone brought up Trump.
Also, it's inevitable that our largest trading partner with 10 times the population and similar demographics would naturally afflict us with a significant amount of cultural cross-contamination.
1. Soulmates don't exist in a metaphysical sense, just people you're very compatible with. The evidence for soulmates sits on a shelf somewhere between the volumes labelled "Santa Clause" and "Tooth Fairy". 2. There's 7 billion other people in the world, and compatibility is a matter of rounding up. 3. Even if you find someone you're highly compatible with, you're still a scumbag homewrecker for romantically pursuing someone in a monogamous commitment.
I think that's because limited is far more based around card advantage than construced.
Check out Pathfinder 2e! The lead designer for 4e worked on it, and you can see a lot of the concepts that worked in 4e at play, such as the different schools of magic (Arcane, Divine, Primal, and Occult) and making your class distinctive by selecting options at certain levels. Personally, I consider it the true evolution of the D&amp;D line rather than 5e.
Anything in particular stand out that you didn't enjoy? Also, depending on when, you might have played the playtest version that has been significantly changed and improved on the full release. Your issues may also be resolved by the new Gamemastery Guide that introduces tons of alternative rules and tweaks.
I see it as more of a lose-less card in RDW. Either you're spending 5 mana to refuel or 3 mana to do 2 damage, both things that RDW doesn't really care to do. If you've made it to turn 5 without winning, then refueling might help if you can get around sweepers and chonky blockers, but there's still the issue of having to overextend to get to the point where you get significant draw from her. Maaaaaaybe dropping her on 3 and activating her ability on 4 with two hasty 1-drops could be okay, but again, RDW wants to be doing a lot more than that on turn 4.
I thought your art was good enough to deserve its own card. I hope I did it justice! https://reddit.com/r/custommagic/comments/h78thc/dangerous_indulgence/
I agree with you on almost everything except your comments about Paizo's efforts to be more inclusive. One only needs to take a stroll through /r/rpghorrorstories to see how many people have been scared off gaming for years to decades because of GMs that haven't evolved passed Conan, up to and including problematic sexual and racial storytelling.
Ah, in that case I think we agree. I don't recall the playtest's diversity section and think the full release is nearly a slam dunk.
Black cards having haste isn't unprecedented, and the flavour I'm going for is vampiric bloodlust. Menace or flying might be appropriate and more in tune with black. You're right that haste would be largely useless unless you manage to kill/sac a human in main 1, and that's somewhat intentional.
Just adding, I've been playing this deck since you've posted it with a few tweaks. Lazotep Plating is god tier for me. Protects mutate stacks and gives you a body to mutate onto at instant speed. I've also swapped Anticipate for Thrill of Possibility, as it seems to get me out of flood/screw a bit better.
This here is a beautiful, textbook example of [pigeon chess](https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=Pigeon%20chess).
&gt; You’re using outcomes as proof. Assuming that prison populations, university populations, employment numbers, and everything else should mirror the exact ratios of demographics in the general population is a huge metaphysical assumption about the nature of reality. Excellent, the racist has outed himself! If you believe that certain races are predisposed to criminality or intelligence, that's the literal definition of racist. Congratulations!
Narset hasn't been much of an issue, especially in game 2. Between Dragonfire, Dovin's No, and just being able to put early bodies on the board, she is usually gone before she gives me issue. I'm currently running 4x Lazotep, and I've yet to run into a situation where I didn't love having them. Even plopping down 1/1 to chump and save T3f has been great. I also noticed it saves walkers from targeted removal, including Questing Beast and it's been really nice against hand disruption, which this deck really struggles to deal with. One other really nice thing is that the +1/+1 counters persist through mutation, and a 4/6 Snapdax is *much* more difficult to deal with than a 3/5. A very common early game sequence for me has been T3 Lazotep, T4 Drakkis that grabs the Lazotep back while I sit behind a 3/4. I tested Sharknado a bit, but find it to be lacklustre even against control. Maybe it's just because I'm in mid-high plat, but have you noticed people making awful blocks against Snapdax and Vadrok? It's as if they forget about first/double strike. I only had two copies of Deafening Clarion, so I put two [[Archon of Absolution]] in the sideboard. Pretty much completely hoses UW unless they draw more Shatter the Sky than I do counters. Edit: Oh! And I almost forgot how good Lazotep is against cycling.
Here's my list so far: Deck 4 Sea-Dasher Octopus (IKO) 66 *3 Vadrok, Apex of Thunder (IKO) 214* 4 Lore Drakkis (IKO) 194 4 Dovin's Veto (WAR) 193 *2 Cubwarden (IKO) 7* 4 Scorching Dragonfire (ELD) 139 **4 Lazotep Plating (WAR) 59** **4 Thrill of Possibility (THB) 159** 4 Teferi, Time Raveler (WAR) 221 1 Island (IKO) 265 1 Plains (IKO) 262 3 Raugrin Triome (IKO) 251 4 Hallowed Fountain (RNA) 251 4 Sacred Foundry (GRN) 254 4 Steam Vents (GRN) 257 2 Castle Vantress (ELD) 242 3 Fabled Passage (ELD) 244 1 Castle Ardenvale (ELD) 238 1 Mountain (IKO) 271 2 Snapdax, Apex of the Hunt (IKO) 209 1 Swamp (ANA) 58 Sideboard *2 Cubwarden (IKO) 7* 3 Eternal Isolation (M20) 15 **2 Archon of Absolution (ELD) 3** 4 Mystical Dispute (ELD) 58 2 Deafening Clarion (GRN) 165
Might be able to easily go mono-W enchantments. Alseid with buffs, Lurrus in the main, Heliod, Daxos, etc..
I would buy this and call it the "red rocket".
&gt; happy Maybe. &gt; healthy Hell no. They might be more physically active, but modern food, medicine and agriculture give us a far greater quality of life.
Given that pretty much every human society everywhere has a terrible problem with colonialism, I would advocate for not intervening.
Probably Alberta too in a few years. Our mentally deficient piece of shit Premier (roughly equivalent to a US Governor) is trying to sell off a bunch of provincial parks and lifted bans on open pit mining near the Rockies.
The way I describe RoR2 is "The best transition from 2d to 3d since Super Mario 64".
/tg/ is not as bad as other boards, but it's still a shithole.
Just clarifying your point a bit: For the same dollar, you tend to get an inverse relationship between size and speed. An old-school spindle disk hard drive can hold terabytes, but is one of the slowest ways to get data. Compare that to L1 chache of a CPU, usually measured in megabytes (about one million times smaller than a terabyte), but many orders of magnitude faster.
Yep. You can have concealment from allies. You might be thinking of saving throws.
I mean, you're free to abstract, houserule, and explain it away, but RAW says targets of spells with concealment need a flat check to be hit, and the rule doesn't specify allies or enemies. https://2e.aonprd.com/Rules.aspx?ID=425
#[Detecting Creatures](https://2e.aonprd.com/Rules.aspx?ID=419) &gt; Typically, the GM tracks how well creatures detect each other, since neither party has perfect information. For example, you might think a creature is in the last place you sensed it, but it was able to Sneak away. Or you might think a creature can’t see you in the dark, but it has darkvision. RAW, the GM has the ability to override vision rules. If they rule that you do not have concealment from yourself, then you do not.
Yeah, I bet if /u/Aperture_TestSubject just worked harder, then they too could have been born the son of a billionaire with the moral compass of a mosquito.
LOL, you're linking an image from the Daily Stormer, a literal Nazi web site. Do you get that? Literal. Fucking. Nazis. You've Godwin'd yourself. Funny how most actual literal unironic Nazis tend to support donnie boy. It turns out when you blow the dog whistle all day, the dogs come running.
To elaborate on why the egg comes before the chicken: First off, you can't really draw a distinct line for when one species becomes a different species, as this is a far too gradual of a process. For the purposes of answering this question, let's assume that you can select a specific point in the ancestry of chickens where a species that is not a chicken gives birth to a chicken. From this assumption, we can easily conclude that a creature that is not-a-chicken lays an egg that will eventually mature into a chicken. Therefore, the egg came before the chicken. I think a more interesting question would be to debate at what specific point a creature that is not a chicken lays an egg that becomes a chicken. First, I would identify all species currently living today that we would consider a chicken. Then, trace their lineage back to the common ancestor of all chickens. After that is determined, we go back just a tad further to the point where the common ancestor of all chickens is unable to produce viable offspring with its ancestors.
Good try at deflection. Too bad it didn't work. The simple fact is that the **#1 predictor of lifetime income is the wealth of your parents**, not hard work, not intelligence, and certainly not business acumen. If you're born rich , you're more likely to be rich later in life. Trump was born to rich parents who handed him the foundation of all his accomplishments.
The days you pawn then off on babysitters. 😏
&gt; As a GM I would rule this on a case-per-case basis I completely agree, and GMs are certainly well within their lane when it comes to overriding vision and detection. For example, a melee touch spell should never miss due to concealment, even if it means a bit of flailing about a-la [Simpsons](https://youtu.be/nBCE7B_ydP4).
tl;dr, it's okay if old and sick people die, because MONEY.
Welcome to entrepreneurship. Your livelihood doesn't trump people's lives.
&gt; Employers also need to compete to get workers through wages and benefits. For high skill positions, yes. Unskilled laborers, [which make up the majority of the population](https://www150.statcan.gc.ca/t1/tbl1/en/tv.action?pid=1410002301), get fucked.
Being a part of a small business is sharing in their wealth if they succeed and vise versa. I'm not trying to be cold or callous here, but I just can't justify putting people's lives at risk without the support of major epidemiological organizations like AHS and Health Canada.
https://imgur.com/a/hm4mlEN
&gt; bring ender pearls Yes of course, very smart plan. &gt; make copies of our world Unless you're playing on a server or aren't a save-scumming coward!
6*
You'll have to demonstrate that they're burning *because* they're Democratic. C O R R E L A T I O N I S N O T C A U S A T I O N
You haven't demonstrated shit, just repeated the same correlation fallacy. Take your smoothbrain gibberish back to t_d
1) Patterns can lead you in the right direction when establishing causality, but they don't establish causality on their own. You need to identify and prove the mechanism by which the link is established. For example, let's say you saw a farmer walking down the same road every day spitting into the ditch. You notice that the ditch the farmer spits into has far more saplings growing than any other road (correlation). You might then erroneously conclude that the farmer's spit causes trees to grow, but you need to demonstrate *why* the farmer's spit causes trees to grow. After some investigation, you might find out that the farmer eats an apple each morning before he leaves and gets the seeds stuck in his teeth, so he spits them out on his daily walk. The seeds are the mechanism by which the trees grow, not the spit (causation). 2) I don't agree with everyone that says all cops are bad. The problem I have is with cops that refuse to take a stand for the citizens they've sworn to protect. The ones that see one of their brethren abuse someone, regardless if they're a criminal or not, and turn away or otherwise protect the abuser. When it is your sworn duty to protect people and the "good" cops are the ones that do nothing? No. To stand by while evil is done is to do evil. That's why people say ACAB.
I think it's the duty of a gift giver to accept that your gift might not be well received. I think getting upset at receiving a gift is the sign of a jerk, but so is being upset that your gift wasn't received with exuberant applause.
Well, I hope you take some solace in the fact that it's not your fault for not reacting.
I think it's more that we are willing to hold ourselves accountable, and some take it too far. After all, it's progressive thought that leads to self-reflection and ultimately change.
I think it's fucked up that employers offer wages so fucking low that people would rather try to live off what the government deems the absolute bare minimum.
This is just a blatant lie lmfao
Since we're in /r/technology I shouldn't have to point it out, but there really isn't such thing as an "unhackable" system.
DOOT BRAH
Maybe stop trying to "figure it out" and realize that people way fucking smarter than you or I know better.
Are you an epidemiologist, virologist, or otherwise work closely with infection diseases? No? Then sit down, shut the fuck up, and listen to the experts.
No shit, sherlock. As the data changes, advice changes. This isn't like politics where you take a stance and refuse to ever change because it makes you look weak in the eyes of the uneducated masses. This is science, where scientists *can* and *should* change their conclusions based on changing data. They gave us advice based on the best data available at the time. We have better data now and they're giving better advice now.
I'd love to, but **I'm not an epidemiologist and neither are you**, so the point is moot. I'm walking away from this conversation. If you have any further questions regarding COVID-19, read [this](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dunning%E2%80%93Kruger_effect) and then call 811.
Any inspiration from Re:Zero? It's an anime with a similar premise. [SPOILER WARNING, ALSO MAYBE DON'T READ IF YOU WANT TO AVOID CROSS-CONTAMINATION] It starts off like a typical isekai where the protagonist is transported from the real world to a fantasy world and he is cursed by a witch to reincarnate every time he dies. It's very video game-like in that time rewinds back to a "checkpoint", but he has no control over when the checkpoints happen, so he can't just do whatever he wants in case a checkpoint happens after a mistake. If he tries to tell anyone, he is killed immediately and time rewinds.
From the exact paper you just linked: &gt; Even when officers report civilians have been compliant and no arrest was made, blacks are 21.2 percent more likely to endure some form of force in an interaction. (p41)
I'll second this. The system gets incredibly complex and customizable once you start into multiclassing archetypes, but to a new players it's as easy as picking from a handful of options each level that suit your tastes.
Perhaps not a staple-staple, but certainly a budget-staple.
Reddit is fine as long as you avoid default subs, and stick to ones that aren't political or regional. Hobby subreddits, memes, animal, that sort of thing.
Counterpoint: I *want* to play an Orc Wizard. Fuck you.
http://2e.aonprd.com/ is the official SRD for Pathfinder 2e. They post literally **all** the rules, character options, expansion books, etc online so you can use them in your game free of charge without pirating. The only thing you don't get is the physical book format and artwork.
So for example, here's a base dwarf: http://2e.aonprd.com/Ancestries.aspx?ID=1 - Darkvision - Clan Dagger - All other vital statistics: Languages, Ability Boosts/Flaws, HP, Speed, and Size Now you differentiate your dwarf further by selecting a Heritage. This will be your hill/mountain/whatever variant of dwarves: http://2e.aonprd.com/Heritages.aspx?Ancestry=1 There's also universal Heritages. For example, you could make a Dwarven Tiefling or Dhampir. Finally, you get to pick Ancestry feats at levels 1, 5, 9, 13, and 17. Just at first level you get a whopping 10 different options to choose from: http://2e.aonprd.com/Feats.aspx?Traits=54
So many people evangelizing for PF2 lately and it makes my heart glow. ♥
Then what do we have distinguishing the races in D&amp;D? If there's no mechanical difference between them, why bother even having them? We're talking about literal different species. No one is going to call you a racist for saying apes are more intelligent than dogs.
You're replying to a thread where yet another conservative mouthpiece has to defend the blatant lies he spews forth by saying he has no obligation to be truthful. bUt BoTh SiDeS!
Gonna post sources? Nothing? No?
Knowing someone's comment history can be very revealing about their viewpoints and whether or not they're worth the effort. My reply to a casual Redditor that only comments on /r/popular would be very different than my reply to a frequent poster to t_d.
Cool anecdotes. They don't compare to the actual statistics that show black people are disproportionately targeted by police. There's also the fact that these are random protesters/rioters. Citizens. Not a government organization whose members swore an oath to protect the people. Conflating the two is just you trying to distract from the issue at hand by equivocating two entirely separate situations. Edit: The thread was locked while I was sleeping, but here's my reply: https://cpb-us-w2.wpmucdn.com/sites.wustl.edu/dist/7/497/files/2018/07/Police-Use-of-Force-by-Ethnicity-Sex-and-Socioeconomic-Class-1h3fybv.pdf When you control for socioeconomic status and criminality, black people are still disproportionately targeted. Also, the level of criminality among races is almost precisely equal once you control for socioeconomic status.
Lol, maybe read the actual study you link instead of just the abstract. https://www.pnas.org/content/117/3/1263 Tl;dr, the study looks at an incredibly narrow set of data and extrapolates it out to apply to the population at large, which is compete bullshit. This is cherry picking to the highest degree.
Do you know what proportions are? They teach that in grade 4 or so. Maybe when you turn 16 you'll finally be able to graduate to grade 5!
Answer me this question, just an easy yes or no: Do you believe the people peacefully protesting and the people rioting are all part of the same organization with the same leadership, same goals, and same motivations?
I like how you pivoted from presenting data to name-calling when your bullshit was called out. ;) Scurry back to whatever shithole you crawled out from.
&gt; Orc female, not just a green human woman. *Glances angrily at Blizzard.*
I think it comes down to UG just naturally being fantastic allies. G ramps, U gives you advantage to do something with the ramp. G puts down big fatties, U excels at keeping the fatties on the board. U has difficulty getting rid of troublesome permanents, but G is really good at outclassing creatures and straight up removing non-walker non-creatures (at least until Questing Text came along). U excels at reactive play, G excels at proactive play.
*Laughs in Pathfinder 2e.* In pf2, you get to choose an Ancestry (race) and Heritage, which is the major influence on development, such as culture or monstrous bloodline (ie tiefling) at character creation. You also get Ancestry feats at level 1, 5, 9, 13, and 17 that further specialize what your character does unique to their kind.
One small suggestion to improve formatting and readability: In the Combat section, it might be worthwhile to indent the damage rolls. At a glance, it looks like there's at least 6 different types of attacks rather than just the 3, and indenting them would serve as a visual shorthand for one coming after the other in sequence.
That's why doctors won't ever tell their patients to stop bullshit woo-woo practices as long as they're not harmful and aren't being used as a substitute for real medicine.
I'm gonna need a citation on that one, my google isn't coming up with anything.
Having all the rules online is easily the number 1 reason to play Pathfinder 2e. The trait system makes corner case interactions very intuitive, and 3 action combat is SO much more fun and tactical than 5e, or even 3.5/PF1. It's certainly an order of magnitude more complex than 5e, but they've done a very good job at streamlining it so as to not be overwhelming for new players.
You don't *have* to pick them in that order, that's just how they're presented in the book. Plus, doing it in ABC order has some cool narrative synergy. You're born as the race you are, your background is your life before adventuring, and your class is when you begin your heroic journey.
I'm not talking about the translation. I'm doubting the idea that feng shui was used for airflow through rooms.
If we're being as accurate as possible, we'd say "Science is the one method most likely to be truth", but that's not very catchy. The laymen sees a phrase like "most likely" and gets spooked, because that pundit over there is saying how he "definitely knows the truth". The uncertainly of our universe is terrifying so they flock to the people who are certain of their beliefs, but also furthest from the truth.
Jesus tapdancing Christ. Talk about cherry picking. For every corrupt scientist being paid by &lt;vague entity&gt;, there are a thousand that aren't. Traditional teachings would *never* put a person on the moon. Word-of-mouth allegories and stories would *never* invent the MRI, which has saved and improved millions of lives. Just because some scientists have been corrupted by outside interests or poor assumptions doesn't mean all of science is worthless. It's still the best way of investigating the universe and figuring out how things work. To say otherwise is fucking ignorance.
This is classic God of the Gaps. We used to not know where lightning came from and blamed it all on gods, because unga bunga scary sky magic. God's realm has shrunk further and further as we become more competent at investigating the universe, and the only place he has left to hide is "the immeasurable". At least, what's currently immeasurable. I'm sure that in time we'll have the tools and theories to investigate the dark corners god is hiding in, and religion will be forced to retreat yet further into the vanishing shadows of our knowledge.
I think "belief in science" more closely translates to a "belief in scientists". Now, I would never go ahead and call for any sort of dogmatic faith in scientists, but we as a people need someone we can look towards for guidance on complex topics. In the middle of a pandemic, the only people we should be taking advice from regarding the virus are the epidemiologists. We do have to let the economists weight in when it comes to the impact of long-term shutdown and when the risks involved in that begin to outweigh the risks of the virus itself, but they have absolutely no business weighing in on best hygiene practices, spread projections, etc.
I believe religion does have a purpose, or at least pseudo-scientific beliefs. As part of us evolving to search for patters, we'll obviously identify incorrect patterns that may be beneficial (Pavlovian response). For example, the Placebo Effect could be explained by the people who could provoke a physiological response "manually" might have an evolutionary advantage. For example, if the population with a local witch-doctor that could provoke a false healing response in those with disease or injury would be more successful than one who couldn't. That could explain why belief in the power of imaginary things could be an evolutionary advantage. There's also the social aspect. Those tribes that were predisposed to supernatural reverence towards a leadership figure were more likely to remain cohesive.
Sometimes science does bad things. The overwhelming majority of the time, science is used to benefit humanity. Nearly every comfort you enjoy and feature of our modern world meant to keep you safe (if you live in a modernized nation) is the product of a scientist. They lay the groundwork for an engineer or inventor of some sort to turn their theories into a tangible item.
We still allow people to die for capitalist exploits! We have the capability to feed literally every single person in the world, but we don't because money.
"I don't even know what a Gazebo is!" All I know is that they are impervious to arrows and live on small hills in gardens.
Good ol' generational wealth. That's why a lot of conservative types are off their rocker when they assert that because racism has been more or less removed in the law that it's a fair race now. Well, only if you think having one runner carry a boat anchor for the first half and saying that it's fair now because you let him drop it in the last half.
\&gt; Wage growth stagnating \&gt; Wealth inequality growing \&gt; Cost of living growing 🤔🤔🤔 Now, I'm not saying eat the rich, but there are going to be a lot of hungry poor people if this trend continues.
Reading the article explains the article.
I think we need to jack up taxes on *secondary* properties. Once the market for rentals is satisfied (people who move a lot or are simply looking for short term accommodations), any landlords over and above that amount making money off where people live are just economic vampires.
&gt; AOC and Bernie are as anti science as it gets. I'm curious to see where this goes. &gt; [the rest of your post, an unmitigated verbal diarrhea] Ah.
There's a difference between "I am right because I am an X" and "Becoming an X requires decades of experience and training that you lack. My opinion on this topic as an X is far more likely to be correct than you, a non-X."
Yes, my list wasn't meant to be comprehensive. The entire point of increasing taxes on secondary properties is to reduce competition from real estate speculators and bring prices down to a reasonable level for those purchasing their first home. Many of those people in your previous point who couldn't afford a house suddenly can. Seeing as home ownership is one of the greatest ways to raise yourself out of poverty, this one seems like a no-brainer to me.
Us poor leftists, the ones that show compassion towards those willing to uproot their entire family and risk living in a completely foreign country to escape their brutal existence. Try to imagine for a moment how bad it would need to get before you would consider moving somewhere with a completely different culture and language where you'll start on the bottom rung of society.
A fresh perspective from whom, precisely?
Let me know when you're willing to engage in respectful discourse.
I didn't realize the Overton window had shifted so dramatically on what it means to be *respectful*, but if that's your baseline, I have absolutely no desire or compelling reason to speak with you. Have a *lovely* day.
R E S P E C T F U L D I S C O U R S E I N T E N S I F I E S
[[SPOILER WARNING FOR LAST OF US 2]] They did pretty much exactly this. They force you, as the player, to kill a dog in a quicktime sequence and then berate you for being so cruel as to kill a dog. Well no fucking shit I killed the dog, otherwise I don't get to experience the rest of this game I just dropped $80 on.
That's why wizards are the best healers. Well, they don't technically *heal* anyone. They engage in what I call proactive healing, because dead enemies can't deal damage.
You're right that given an extremely narrow time frame, extremely limited information, and conflicting interests will all start to skew the reliability of experts. For example, someone might be a trivia master, but still be barely better than random guessing if they have to answer a question with a bunch of red herrings within 3 seconds while someone blows a vuvuzela in his face. That's effectively the situation the experts had to work with, and why many of their estimates were above what the reality turned out to be. While working with extremely limited information and trying to deal with China's early obfuscation, politicians needed an answer **now**, so they gave the best one they could. Now, when you're given a large range of possible results with COVID-19 infection projections, how do you proceed? If you take a position based on the lower end of the projections and it turns out you *under*estimated the disease? People die. If you take a position based on the upper limit and it turns out you *over*estimated, then some economic damage is done, but more people live. The scientists chose the upper limit, because their entire field of study is devoted to have as few people die as possible. Joe Blow's random guesswork is not a substitute for decades of training and experience. Scientists get it wrong sometimes, but the overwhelming majority of the time, they do far better than the laymen.
Was there anything in particular that tripped you guys up? I found it took us about session 4-5 before we really started getting into the groove of the system coming from Pathfinder 1e. I imagine transitioning from a significantly less complex game like 5e would take a bit more of an adjustment period. I should say before this accidentally degenerates into edition wars that I don't believe there is anything inherently wrong with preferring a simpler system. I just want to be sure that it was given a fair shake, because I certainly prefer it over 5e for a myriad of reasons.
That's not at all been my experience with either edition of Pathfinder, especially 2e. Perhaps if you're looking to min-max your character towards a specific strategy, then I can see how it would feel that way.
This is terrible advice on any difficulty except drizzle. On rainstorm and monsoon, you want to hit large chests and multishops ONLY while keeping each level to under 5 minutes for the first 3 levels. You can get other chests if you have the money and they aren't too out of the way on your way to the teleporter. Level 4 and 5 you want to get all the multishops and large chests, because multishops are guaranteed to be greens. If you have the DPS to kill Alloy Worship Unit quickly, do it, but this is generally inadvisable. You should almost always pick up the legendary chest on Abyssal Depths AFTER clearing the teleporter event unless the teleporter spawns in the tunnels. If you don't have enough money by the time the teleporter event is nearly finished, you can hop outside the zone. After that you repeat level 1-3 again and should be spawning enough enemies to get nearly all chests on your way to the teleporter. At this point it'll either be easy mode until you obliterate or you'll struggle and fail.
I mean, if you were on a soccer forum and suggesting people kick with their toe, I wouldn't be surprised when people chime in with corrections. The vast majority of the time, it's not worth it to camp chests, so I wanted to clarify when you should/shouldn't.
On the other hand, if it bore out that being able to do whatever you like to a virtual version of your crewmates as a way of letting off steam, this sort of behavior might be encouraged. Crewmate you got the hots for? Quick holo-romp and you can get them off your mind. CO giving you crap? A few rounds in the holo-ring and you don't risk going off on the real one.
How exactly would rental prices increase? The number of homes needed to house everyone doesn't change, just who owns them.
The goal is to reduce the number of people who see real estate as a viable investment vehicle. Once legitimate rental demand is satisfied, any landlords over and above that produce absolutely zero economic value. My proposal to increase taxes on secondary properties would only apply to new landlords, perhaps in addition to a tax incentive for grandfathered landlords to sell off secondary properties.
It seems as if you're misunderstanding my arguments. I'll lay it out point-by-point. 1. There is legitimate rental demand, and then there are those who would otherwise be homeowners, but who have been priced out of the market by wealthy real estate speculators. 2. Affordable home ownership is the number one way for an individual to raise themselves out of poverty (I can provide a citation if you disagree on this point), and the fewer people we have living in poverty, the better off society is. 3. The ideal solution would be to find a way to reach an equilibrium where *legitimate* rental demand is satisfied, but would-be homeowners are able to purchase a house at the most reasonable price. The idea that all land ownership and all landlords should be treated precisely the same is, quite frankly, asinine. The only way I can imagine this makes sense from is from a dogmatic "freedom at any cost" perspective, while ignoring many of the problems in society that would cause.
I'm not going to slag anyone for their playstyle. There is no wrong way to have fun. However, I still don't want to allow bad advice and misconceptions to proliferate, as it may ruin someone else's fun who wants to play more optimally and for whom achievement is part of their fun.
What specific questions would you have liked them to ask? The only topic I notice people on the left tend to get wrong is the classification of firearms. But even in that arena [the right is working to suppress research on the topic](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dickey_Amendment).
No items Fox only Final destination
I'll echo this sentiment with a caveat. If he's looking through it because he's genuinely curious about her interests, that's legit. If he's doing it to look for something to weaponize against her, that's obviously no beuno.
Logitech G600 is a fantastic mouse. I've had to re-bend the contact spring (I think that's what is called?) inside the switch off both left and right click in three mice so far, but that was after 5-7 years of heavy use.
Unlike flat earthers and moon landing deniers, who are a quaint distraction, antivaxxers are actively killing people.
Corsair has earned my business basically in perpetuity if their support stays as good as it was for me a few years ago. Bought a system in June 2012 that included an i7-3930k, Intel mobo, 16GB RAM (which was a hell of a lot back then), and Corsair H100. Feb 2017 the pump gave out and leaked, destroying the mobo and CPU. They originally offered me ~$430 CAD as "current market value" for the damaged equipment. I emailed them back saying that the current closest replacement would cost me about $580 (Ryzen 5 1600) and they wrote a cheque Street my first email for the full amount it would take to buy the new RAM, mobo, and CPU. Seriously impressed with the generous warranty and the willingness to earn a customer for life by agreeing to reasonable terms that they had no obligation to.
Nah, the game was still trending positively when whoever the fuck decided to pull the plug. They were still in the black in both the game and the pro scene, cracking the twitch top 10 every night, and reaching #1 in some of its biggest events. Except this is acti-blizz. If it's not making Overwatch money and WoW money, it's not worth their time. I can promise you that if HotS were being made by an independent developer, it would still be going strong. Such a shame too. Some of my favorite cinematics come from that game. It feels like I'm playing with action figures with the characters from some of my favorite games as a kid. [Heroes of the Storm Trailer](https://youtu.be/0ecv0bT9DEo). Tyrael in a midair duel with Kerrigan set to heavy metal? Who the fuck would want something like that? 😏 [Forged by Fire](https://youtu.be/4900jOY8cCM). (Also playing as Ragnaros and feeling like a raid boss when you take over a fort is just *mwah*) [Heroes of Mechastorm](https://youtu.be/J2LiUsEOqcU). makes my pp hard. [Call of Kel'Thuzad](https://youtu.be/-jInzG9Ukrk)! Oh my God what a crowd pleaser this was. Possibly the greatest and most hype hero launch. [Heroes Brawl](https://youtu.be/CIordfmxqQM). Murky is slapping Diablo with a fish. That is all. The trailer is okay too.
Yes, "they" is an acceptable singular third person gender neutral pronoun these days.
*Laughs in [[Crystalline Giant]]*.
Yes, I agree. I was being facetious. :)
/r/lostredditors Also, I can't guarantee that this is the case here, but referring to women as "females" is nearly always an indicator that the person runs in incel circles.
I think it'd be an understatement to say that Shakespeare was a bit on the *avant-garde* side of language.
Hell yeah! My ElvUI setup for wow is kind of a hot mess, but I love that I can have two full hotbars worth of skills on a single button. Three for alt+number.
There are more than a few "Seb McKinnon" tribal EDH decks floating around.
Perhaps. It's also one of those things that isn't going to stick around and be messed around with, so a simple die may suffice if playtesting found out it did have memory issues. However, your wording is significantly more elegant, so I think that might be the best way to do it. Are there any cards that can manipulate the number of counters on exiled cards like with certain suspend synergies?
Thanks to /u/DarthExtium for the templating making this version a bit easier to understand. Also, being able to use a named counter like "doom counter" helped to sell the flavor of the card even more.
It already goes infinite with Workhorse, because Workhorse would enter with five +1/+1 counters thanks to the other ability.
Ah, my bad.
You seem like a fantastic guy to do work for, and going out of your way to make someone else's day a bit better isn't appreciated enough. Thank you.
That would make the already long text far too convoluted. Unless we get a card that can manipulate the number of counters on exiled permanents, I don't think there's any imperative to change it.
Since I haven't seen it yet, I'm having a blast with Raft.
keepInventory robs the game of nearly all tension, and mobGriefing false can break a lot of expected behavior, such as villagers breeding.
&gt; fired for literally anything *Laughs in at-will employment*.
Given that Jeskai monks are always shown flipping and flying all over the place (sometimes literally), I'd say Northern Shaolin is definitely a good fit.
I think this still reads very Jeskai, as the green background is muted in comparison to the bold colors on Narset.
&gt; Nonbasic lands enter the battlefield with a legendary counter. *(Permanents with legendary counters are Legendary.)* Since counters that give mechanics are hot right now.
[Hell March](https://youtu.be/2WgLG1otP-0) is one of the dozen or so video game soundtrack titles I can recall by name.
Fuck you and your ACAB bullshit. One of my long time friends is a good cop. He's reported coworkers for excessive force and has participated in an IA investigation. He agonized about being called to a protest because he supports BLM, and he spends a good amount of his off work time volunteering. But the world is much easier to deal with when all X are Y, right? No need to rub your two tiny fucking brain cells together when you can paint with as wide a brush as possible. Makes it a lot easier to fight when your opponent is a monolithic incarnation of evil rather than mostly regular folk caught up in a corrupt, broken system.
They can, but not for the usual traffic violations.
Encryption with a backdoor is like Fort Knox... with a back door.
So your only defense is to imply I'm a liar? Whatever helps you direct your hate and vitriolic bullshit, I suppose.
Vote these fuckers out, and write your representatives. Even if you're in an NDP area, knowing they have your support will embolden them to do more.
You're talking about the rational application of the law, and not the full extent it can be abused. We don't give anyone easily exploited undue power and just trust them not to use it, especially the government.
What a brilliant idea! All the good people who are cops should retire, because their conscience shouldn't allow them to be cops. That way the only people who are cops are bad people! Oof wait, maybe that's not such a good idea.
I'm blatantly unaware of the complexities of Aus civil procedure, but if this makes it passed discovery, the legal system has failed.
I still occasionally flashback to my time at Future Shop around 2011. Customer: Here's my phone, talk to my brother and he'll tell me if it's good. Brother: So how many jiggas does it have? Me: Pardon? Brother: You know, jiggas. Me: Oh, gigabytes? Gigabytes of ram? It has four. Brother: Ok, pass the phone. Customer: He says it's good. 🤨
Fun fact: Afterimages aren't a real thing. If someone or something is moving faster than the framerate¹ of your eye, you'll just see a messy blur or nothing at all. ¹ Your brain doesn't process information in frames like a computer does, but rather smooshes together a bunch of information to try to get an accurate enough picture for our Neolithic ancestors to survive. This generally doesn't include things that go so fast we can't see them.
Ah, yes! I forgot about that definition. The afterimages I was thinking of were the typical anime thing where a character moves so quickly that they leave an "afterimage" where they were standing to confuse an enemy.
I'm not sure what age we're considering "old", but I'm 31 and my position still hasn't moved from "just chuck me in the nearest bin". No goddamn way I'm going to want my family to sink 5 figures into a fancy funeral and a plot, when I could either be spending their inheritance or sending my grandkids/great grandkids to post-secondary.
Persistence of vision is a completely different thing from afterimages as portrayed in anime. We're able to make convincing true-to-life motion in visual media basically through optical illusion. The idea that you could have something that moves so fast it produces a sort of holographic image of itself is impossible.
Again, that's a completely different concept. You're overstimulating the photoreceptors in your cornea, which is not at all what's happening in anime where the only credential for being able to produce afterimages is some variation of moving really fast.
Just like the SovCits, they're a legal cargo cult.
There have been a few studies out showing that those who watch Fox News are actually less informed than those who don't consume news media whatsoever as well as other indicators that they're delivering false information. Not that a potential ocean under Pluto is a target for political manipulation, but it's best to avoid them altogether.
Yes, but in that one study, Fox was the *only* one where people were worst off than no news. Everyone else was at least reporting enough facts that people were more informed than before.
If the UCP leadership election wasn't enough corruption to get the party to speak out, they can pretty much get away with whatever the fuck they want.
~~I'm not saying all UCP supporters are racists, but the racists sure do love to support the UCP. To no one's surprise, the dogs come running when you keep blowing on the whistle.~~ I'm retracting what I said. Please see comments below for details.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paradox_of_tolerance We have absolutely no moral imperative to tolerate the intolerant. In fact, quite the opposite.
1. The arrest was completely justified. 2. The excessive force was not justified. Both of these statements are true and would result in charges being dropped against anyone if the justice system is working correctly.
&gt; Most people who are poor are poor because they are either lazy or didn't take their education seriously. [Wrong](https://scholar.google.com/scholar?start=10&amp;q=generational+wealth&amp;hl=en&amp;as_sdt=0,5#d=gs_qabs&amp;u=%23p%3DpGtOjMNo8dUJ)! Most poor people are poor because their parents were poor. Most rich people are rich because their parents were rich. Generational wealth is a thing.
So your anecdote with a sample size of 1 negates the scientific, peer-reviewed study I linked you?
It's not just *a* factor, it's the biggest factor. Yes of course you have lots of extremely motivated poor people that do better than lazy wealthy people, but that doesn't change the fact that for *most* people, the wealth of their parents is what determines their station in life, not their motivation.
This is yet another example of why success is almost entirely based on luck.
"A very small fraction of people who were born into poverty manage to escape it, so there's no problem here!" - Conservatives
If you're born into a rich family, you'll likely be rich regardless if you're motivated or not. If you're born into a poor family, you're likely going to stay poor unless you're extremely motivated. Do you not see how that's an issue?
Yes. One of my old Scout leaders always used to say "Success is the child of preparedness and opportunity". Basically, you won't be successful without effort, but effort alone isn't enough. When you grow up living with people whose attitudes lead to failure, your attitude will reflect theirs and also lead to failure. A high school dropout likely won't be able to teach their children the skills necessary to succeed academically, thus perpetuating the cycle of generational poverty. In the US, programs that provide lunches and breakfasts for kids whose parents can't afford to pack healthy meals or don't understand the importance of nutrition have been wildly successful per dollar spent at improving academic performance.
Just because the opportunity is there doesn't mean the problem of generational poverty is solved. How likely is it that a high school dropout would be able to teach their children the skills necessary to succeed academically, or even recognize the value of education? The next Einstein might be born to poor parents and be lost to the pages of history because we as a society don't value the academic success of poor people enough to solve that problem. Why is it that a child of rich parents can be lazy and still succeed while a child of poor parents has to be motivated to succeed? If this were a true meritocracy, the lazy person born to rich parents should end up in poverty while the motivated poor person should end up wealthy, but it's not. We have the ability to solve generational poverty, but no political will, because many people are convinced that the poor somehow deserve their poverty for the crime of being born poor.
The willingness to be wrong is the foundation of truth. Although I'm not a researcher, I do consider myself a scientist, and I'd be a pretty poor one if I wasn't able to accept when I'm wrong. I see unwavering dogmatism as a weakness, and every falsehood I believe in is a bullet in the chamber of my adversary.
I've always been a fan of defining a character's location on the lawful/chaotic spectrum by how they respond to the "gilded cage" idea. How much of your personal freedom would you sacrifice in the name of safety?
Given that the Core Rulebook shows Seelah single-handedly stopping a balor from coming through a portal, I'd say they're pretty close to 20.
Piggybacking on another comment, ALL of the rules for Pathfinder 1e and 2e are available on Archives of Nethys legally and for free. It started as a fan-made site that Paizo made the official SRD. http://2e.aonprd.com/ Fun fact, [Nethys](https://2e.aonprd.com/Deities.aspx?ID=12) is the Pathfinder God of knowledge.
Considering there's art of Seelah single-handedly stopping a balor from coming through a portal in the 2e CRB, I'd say they're pretty high up there.
[citation needed]
Could you elaborate?
My dad, who otherwise is an incredibly intelligent person, has fallen victim to conspiracy theories. I suspect it's due to his time in the military having jaded him towards any sort of authority figure.
You just love providing citations that disprove your own point, don't you?
Are you able to provide any other citations to support your argument, or will you concede the point that safe consumption sites have not negatively impacted businesses?
*Points to Platinum Angel*
For mechanical and programming shenanigans, can't forget [Michael Reeves](https://www.youtube.com/c/MichaelReeves).
I've always loved [[Lazotep Plating]].
How do you feel about [[Swallow Whole]] in this deck?
&gt; Excessive force doesn't negate the original crimes. Actually, yes it does, legally speaking. 😂
So you believe any scenario where consent *can* be violated is automatically rape, even though consent is given throughout the entire scenario?
It's edgy and cool the joke about wanting to die.
You've given me a bit of research to do, and upended some assumptions I had about the legal system. Thank you.
Yeah, he's obviously an incredibly intelligent, ambitious person, but he needs to stay in his lane. At the very least, he should publicly acknowledge and apologize when his opinions turn out to be wrong.
&gt; This tells me that the majority still wants the UCP in power, and therefore still wants these outcomes. I'd be very curious to see if most UCP voters understand their policies and impacts.
I would disagree, depending on how the play space is used. If it's a standard left to right scroll where having an enemy appear in the air on the left is a rare occurrence, I don't see any issue with it.
For PC, perhaps. Mobile and consoles require a larger UI, and it may not be worthwhile for OP to implement a scaling HUD if they have those sorts of ambitions. Given limited dev resources, they might simply be better off with a slightly too large HUD on PC than a too small HUD on other platforms.
As soon as you close the chest, it'll allow the hopper to grab items.
I agree that it's reprehensible, but I think scolding only emboldens the trolls. I'm not sure the right way to get it to stop from happening.
I legitimately thought this was posted in /r/nonmonogamy or /r/polyamory
Fun fact! Polygamy is specifically multiple marriages, whereas polyamory is simply multiple relationships.
They might also be referring to the issue of colonial theft. When Egypt was controlled by the British, they plundered and destroyed many historical sites and artifacts to be shipped back to British museums. Most archaeologists and historians today would be aghast at the idea of removing those artifacts from their native homeland and peoples unless they were in imminent danger, such as Al-Queida destroying ancient temples.
ELI5 petrification: When a living thing dies, its body is usually destroyed very quickly due to scavenging animals, decomposition (being eaten by bacteria and fungi), and erosion. Sometimes, it dies in just the right way that its body doesn't get destroyed, usually by being buried. When this happens, the body parts still fall apart, but they fall apart so slowly that its tissues are replaced by rocks. One way the rocks form is through dissolved minerals. You know how if you leave a glass of juice on the counter for too long and all that's leftover is this hard, sticky goo? That very close to what happens with fossils! Parts of rocks that get dissolved in water fill up the spaces left by the buried animal, and when the water dries up, it leaves behind rocks in the shape of the animal.
Well, if we're talking about historical polygamy with daughter-wives, then that's absolutely disgusting and is very rightfully outlawed. Polyamory isn't illegal, but it has been used to attack people. Being poly isn't a protected status and people have lost jobs because of it with no recourse. Similarly, being poly has been used to show some kind of moral failure in divorce proceedings, despite several studies showing that poly families are no better or worse than monogamous families. In my opinion, polygamy as a legal concept should be reviewed. As it stands, polyamorous relationships struggle with problems regarding things like custody, inheritance, and medical decisions. For example, in a three-person polyamorous household, if the biological parents of a child pass away, the third person has no legal guardianship over the child without a pre-arranged custody agreement. There have even been cases where an agreement is present, but overruled by a judge.
I disagree. To someone who has never seen a trust fall before, they might assume you're meant to be caught from behind. We all have the benefit of having seen them done before.
The argument that polyamorous marriages shouldn't be allowed because people might take advantage of the system by only pretending to be poly is the same argument made against allowing gay marriage, because of this imaginary idea that straight people will get married to fraudulently reap the benefits. Plus, there's nothing stopping a monogamous couple from marrying strictly for the benefits, so from a fairness perspective, allowing polyamorous marriages would level the playing field.
I'm not aware of Hobby Lobby destroying artifacts. Do you have a link?
I'm not sure what you mean by this.
No? Care to explain to me how my polyamorous relationship works?
I'm doing okay. Definitely better than before, but still could use the guidance of a therapist.
The strength of public health is that costs are spread out among ALL those paying into it. Allowing people to opt out would mean turning them away from emergency departments or running an American style system where they end up in debt the rest of their lives. Private insurance is bullshit. The goal of private insurance is to make money. If they manage to help some people cover their medical expenses along the way accidentally, that's great, but that doesn't change the fact that they don't give a single flying fuck about you. A public health system's ONLY goal is delivering healthcare.
Everyone uses it eventually. Unless you plan on dying suddenly and young, you will require healthcare. Private systems like in the US are fantastic for rich people only, and the more rich people jump ship from the public to private, the greater burden is placed on those using the public system. Private healthcare only exists to make money, and the market forces meant to keep private companies in check don't exist in healthcare. They can fuck right the hell off.
It's like the conservatives saw Robocop and thought "Yeah, that looks good."
*Cries in Narset, Transcendant.*
Back before what we'd consider contemporary social networking, old school forums and IRC were king. No upvoting, no lengthy discussions being buried behind comment chains.
There is a moderator on /r/Canada that is literally a white supremacist. And not the "all right wingers are white supremacist" type, but a legitimate white supremacist who thinks white people are superior to non-whites. Edit: Apparently, *two* of the moderators are: https://imgur.com/l0PV1Mo
Well, that depends on the forum. Sure some of the more laissez-faire mods would let you post whatever, but there was certainly a problem with powertripping. The majority of the forums I frequented back in the day had pretty strict moderation, which I appreciated since many of the less moderated ones were trash fires.
I'll echo this sentiment. Love computers, especially building them. Got into selling computers at Future Shop then a local distributor. I loved the people, but hated the work as it was mostly inside sales with a very small fraction of it getting to research computer parts. That being said, I was damn good at my job. So good that when I left, many of my old clients called me on my personal cell phone asking where I was working now because they had more loyalty to me than to the company. They were pretty sad when I told them I was becoming an electrician.
Prove what wrong, precisely?
[This one](https://youtu.be/ejmSyHJ77tg)?
Remember Tracer's butt? That was a hell of a controversy. 😂
