Funny you would put it that way when one of the things with autism is difficulty picking up on sarcasm.
&gt; the only way to afford to have kids is to be poor so the middle class people with no kids can pay for your kids. &gt; the foundation of socialism is supposed to be supporting children, not old people. ... That is one of the dumbest things I have ever read today.
YOU’VE GOT A HOLE IN YOUR LEFT WING!
Downvoted because the original argument is still stupid.
Oh, CA is being even more blatantly white supremacist than usual, lovely.
I wish that was a problem I had to worry about.
By that standard flyover country must be a post-apocalyptic wasteland.
I turned off their CSS ages ago so I keep forgetting how obnoxious it is.
Well, he was an illustrator for Sesame Street Magazine. Which is a thing I didn't know exists. (Existed?)
What the fuck kinda bank is this guy going to where they have armed guards?
I particularly like that he felt the need to explain what a police lineup is. Great deal of respect for his audience.
&gt; You can disagree all you want but there is a reason why feminism is linked to man hating more than equality And that reason is antifeminists creating strawmen, flanderizing those strawmen and then confusing them for the real thing.
Convenient that he doesn't mention the Colts were tied for third-worst team in the league.
Okay, but &gt; Fox will maintain control of its national television networks, including FS1, FS2 and Big Ten Network
I *know*, that's another reason the idea that tax cuts are universally beneficial is fucking stupid.
Reagan was still plenty shit, though.
Even if he is "trolling," the head of state of one of the most powerful countries in the world thinking that's a valuable use of time would mean he is exactly as stupid as I think he is *and* even more petty and immature than I give him credit for.
&gt; Libertarian is not middle ground, Exactly, they're conservatives who don't give a shit about social issues, it's a firmly right-wing ide- &gt; it’s Anarchy in sheep’s clothing. ... -ology. Goddammit, that comment was so close to being reasonable.
I really need to get the rest of those endings because I have seen none of this.
David Dees. To quote RationalWiki's page on him &gt; David Dees believes in all the conspiracies. No, seriously. All of them. His cartoons have featured every possible conspiracy theory, and in every possible combination.
He's also a professional smuggler, but somehow I doubt Twits &amp; Pricks USA is too fond of the Mexican drug cartels.
You may want to look into /r/lewronggeneration
The only things Donald Trump worships are money and himself.
FFS, [Wikipedia is addressing this myth now.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Irish_slaves_myth)
But it's two words...
&gt; [MGTOW] wasn't that different [from incels] Nice to hear *them* say it. Also this guy clearly has no idea what satire is.
Have you ever actually used a live chat feature that has hundreds of thousands of other people using it? It's unreadable. I don't know why these people care so much.
And call T_D a related subreddit on the sidebar.
&gt; created by the editor of naturalnews.com That explains a lot.
And all of those are perversions of communist ideology, to say nothing of the accuracy of the numbers. Also I don’t think the numbers for capitalism are very flattering.
I guess it was about consistency? Panthers' O was pretty inconsistent this year. And last year. Very consistent in 2015, though.
Or with bad insurance.
Truth like bats are birds, rabbits chew cud and there was a 40-year period where Egypt was an uninhabitable wasteland which it never fully recovered from.
Pretty sure the artist meant to draw Reagan.
I hate the original, but the cover is so cringey it’s awesome, I can’t argue with that.
Which I find slightly less infuriating than “Republicans freed the slaves. Also the confederacy did nothing wrong.”
Let's call it one step forward and an ultramarathon back.
&gt; Ah, they "you can't prove what I meant if I pretend to be stupid" defense, beloved by racists, assholes, and six-year-olds worldwide. &gt; Funny how everyone but you understood exactly what he meant, isn't it ElementOfJuice? Almost as if you had some sort of vested interest in not understanding him.
Right, the only thing people are objecting to was his use of the word "shithole." Christ, it's grab-em-by-the-pussy all over again.
Unironically using "SJW" and "cucks" in consecutive words, guess I can safely disregard everything you ever say. And exactly why do you think we're all Americans?
I fucking hate this website.
Eh, the three on the right are pretty minor characters.
I have seen this suit before. It is cute.
This joke would work better if he didn't have three of them.
That one plus a couple matches from Mexico, a 2/3 falls match vs Psicosis in 1995 [\(think it's this one\)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ICWTo_0fpC0) and a trios match with Winners and Super Calo vs Psicosis, Heavy Metal and El Picudo in 1993 [\(think it's this one\)](https://www.dailymotion.com/video/x3gc4kl).
Man, ESPN's win probability had the Saints at 96% with 14 seconds left.
It'd only be worth 2.
And if there's anything I associate with Donald Trump, it's level-headedness.
&gt; This is literally the price you pay for all the sexual freedom in the modern times. [sic] LI TER AL LY
Oh, lovely, the Galileo fallacy. Look, Trump cultists, the fact that you and your saviour are widely regarded as a delusional assholes is not in any way proof that you're right.
Reminder that the Iraq War has killed at least 3 times more civilians than insurgents. (Granted about 1/3 of them were summary executions, likely by insurgents)
I think I’m missing some context here...
This is us losing our minds, is it? Guess we must be one of the most level-headed places on this website.
Every fucking year...
Also the South: &gt; Democrats = the confederacy = slavery = bad Also the South: &gt; The confederacy did nothing wrong
Oh, well, nice to see the military hasn't been hurt by recent distrust in the government despite the continuing policy of barely pretending to give a shit about civilian casualties.
I'm still disappointed they took out Lei Wulong. And, like, they couldn't have even made Armour King an outfit for King. And why does tournament mode not have character endings?
I mean how can you deny right-wing economists' long line of successes like the great depression, the savings &amp; loan crisis, the great recession and the gilded age?
1. Oh, my ass the US economy added $8 trillion, could you at least try to make your lies sound *plausible?* 2. A, TIL recorded history began in the late 1970s, B, unemployment has been on a downward trend for nearly the last decade, C, it helps that prisoners aren't counted as unemployed. 3. The vast majority of the cuts were for the ultra-rich, and on top of that, I have heard of literally zero economists who think this tax plan is sustainable. Either taxes are going to go back up or the government is going to have to nearly cut its budget in half, and there is no way they're doing the latter. 4. That's not a good thing! 5. Once again, almost exclusively to the benefit of the ultra-rich, to say nothing of how that'll go the next time oil prices go down. 6. The downfall of ISIS has very little to do with the US. 7. Thus jeopardizing the latest round of peace talks between Israel and Palestine, great going. 8. That's still not how NATO works! 9. Hell will freeze over before Donald Trump deliberately does anything to help protect whistleblowers. 10. Filling a vacancy on the Supreme Court is an expectation, not an accomplishment. And once again, McConnell stole that appointment.
It is. But it's backwards.
&gt; That and an uncommon reluctance to genuflect before the hastily assembled dogmas of our time. Well that’s probably the most pretentious sentence I’ll read for a while.
Ah yes, Gandhi, well known for his social conservatism and disdain for left-wingers.
Donald Trump photoshopped over Gene Wilder's face is A) disgusting and B) sacrilege.
How to create radical, anti-american humanity 101
*East* all-star starters.
The last thing I would accuse Republicans of being is "afraid to speak up."
&gt; Calling black gangs worse than the Klan Liberals only call conservatives racist because they can't think of a good argument.
Even before the new idiostuperiffic tax bill, the top tax rate was 39.6%! (Also, I really need to stop confusing the free thought project with freethought blogs)
Somehow this is the first I’ve heard of it.
That would never hold up in court. You can’t sign away your right to withdraw consent.
Oh, yeah, that place is a landfill fire. Fortunately it’s not representative of the country at large.
There's a decent number of doms around where I live, the problem is they're all old enough to be my dad. Which, I mean, I don't have moral objections to that, it's just not my thing.
Charlie, how the fuck do you think insurance works?
&gt; Fastest cars The fast 0-60 time of any production car in the 1970s was the 1979 Porsche 911 Turbo at 4.9 seconds, which cost $122k in today's money. Today, I can get a Dodge Challenger SRT ~~Hellcat~~ Demon, which does it in 2.3 seconds and costs ~~$65k~~ $86k. You objectively didn't!
Iniquitous? Someone swallowed a thesaurus for breakfast. Also I like how it's all verbs until "ungrateful, unholy and altogether unruly."
Not thinking Adolf Hitler was a socialist = tankie? TIL almost all political scholars are tankies.
Well, 2.3's the number I got from [here](https://www.zeroto60times.com) Edit: On further review, I misread that and it is in fact the SRT *Demon* that does it in 2.3
How do I continued to be surprised by how stupid T_D is?
&gt; Denver Airport Wat
That you consider this a point of pride is not a good commentary on the state of T_D.
This comment section makes me sad. Again.
The same sort of sexism that causes women to earn less in the first place?
Yeah, fuck the Bahamas! (Also I like how the "shithole" sticker isn't covering Haiti, *the main country he said it about*)
Republican conspiracy theorists are absolutely *obsessed* with him for some reason. I guess rich + Jewish + centre-left is enough for them.
North Africa? You mean where they speak mostly Arabic with some Berber and French? That's like if I applied Japan stereotypes to India!
Okay, well, [Canadian Medical Association still says it's about a 60:40 split in favour of men here](https://www.cma.ca/Assets/assets-library/document/en/advocacy/04-age-sex-prv.pdf), and [the UK's General Medical Council has it at about 54:46 there](https://www.gmc-uk.org/doctors/register/search_stats.asp), so whichever country he's talking about, he's wrong.
... TIL, but mostly I just don't get the disrespect for Trevor Hoffman. (Also I might need an explanation of how the Edgar Martinez award is different from the DH silver slugger)
I don't think this is as lopsided as a lot of people are making it out to be, Steph, Harden and Giannis are the league's top 3 scorers. Sure, Davis, Cousins and LeBron are probably better two-way players, but it's the all-star game, nobody's gonna be playing defence.
no u
&gt; Likewise if you were to include some of the crappier European countries like Bosnia or Serbia then the European stats as a whole wouldn't look as good. Europe's collective homicide rate is still significantly lower than the US (3.0 vs 4.9 per 100k). Also, Bosnia/Herzegovina and Serbia are both significantly below the *European* average (1.5 and 1.1 respectively), Serbia in particular being on par with the safest state in America (New Hampshire). The only countries in Europe higher than the US are Lithuania and Russia (6.0 and 11.3 respectively). [All stats from here, it *is* wikipedia so... grain of salt.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_intentional_homicide_rate)
\#niceformatting
Empty rhetoric, a gun fetish, empty rhetoric, empty rhetoric and empty rhetoric. Alright. Cool. Can't say that isn't what I expected from Thickheaded Pundits USA. Also, nice to know the born-rich college dropout who pays himself a 6-figure salary to fail at pandering to millennial. college students appreciates the value of work.
Yeah, the difference is one's receiving a Presidential Medal of Freedom, which is a civilian honour and explicitly NOT for fucking military service. This is like complaining about Spike Lee's lifetime achievement Oscar because he never had a record go platinum.
Last song I listened to in general or last song I specifically chose to listen to? (RHCP's Can't Stop and Epica's Unchain Utopia, respectively) (Since writing that I made Judas Priest's Pain and Pleasure the answer to both questions. And only partially because I felt like I need to up my gay cred.)
Basic economics: now such a right-wing cliché they’re proclaiming it on things that have absolutely nothing to do with economics.
&gt; Man, talk about PR gold for Hannity. He'll get a solid week's worth of shows out of this, ***and it might even lead to a disgruntled government employee (not named Clinton)*** getting the axe. Are they under the impression Hillary Clinton is still involved in the US government?
Personally I probably would've picked Nikola Jokic (because he's another centre) or Chris Paul (because the team could use another guard), but I can't argue with Paul George. Also Lou Williams and Kemba Walker are pretty big snubs.
I know there are Muslims (and plenty of feminists) who oppose hijabs, but that’s the first time I’ve heard this reasoning...
BUT VALENCIA!!!!!
That is the least fading fadeaway I have ever seen.
Churchill also wanted to start a war with Russia while they were still finishing off Germany.
That sort of shit is exactly why I've unsubscribed from all the news subreddits and just go straight to actual outlets.
I think mainly the Clippers wanted to get rid of Blake Griffin's contract, he's gonna be above league max for the next five years. Really cripples your rebuilding ability to have that weighing you down.
Harris can play PF.
For...
Yeah, I know defensive stats aren't very reliable, but he is posting horrible defensive stats for a defence specialist. I shouldn't be able to draw comparisons to Ryan Freakin' Anderson, but that is about where his DBPM and defensive rating are.
And I’m sure he held criticism of Obama to the same standard.
Damn, how long has Mike Milbury been their GM?
And then there’s that “we have to treat trans people like shit, haven’t you seen how high their suicide rates are?!” horseshit.
What about Catwoman?
&gt; CringeAnarchy user Greeeeeaaaaaaat.
Good response: &gt; 20 years ago is when Howard came in and Indigenous Affairs policy switched from being guided by self-determination to 'mainstreaming'. The government cut funding and shifted responsibility from Aboriginal community organisations to mainstream government agencies and for-profit private providers who could hit government-defined targets (or not) for cheaper. Pretty much anyone involved in in Indigenous politics, including academics, said it would make things worse and so it did. Money is not 'the solution', but addressing the particular things that need to be addressed costs money.
Fuck off, mate, you're at mosquito levels of mildly irritating.
Also: much better voice acting.
&gt; Children1 knocked out CNN1 1^st round 1
[Except there are totally maple trees in the Islamic world.](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/ad/Map_genus_Acer.png)
And 0) did you just assume my
I also like that Switzerland, Austria and Liechtenstein seem to have merged, and Spain ate Navarra.
And is extremely transphobic. That’s kinda their main thing.
"Spray tan" is not a race.
Yep, Americans love liberty so much that they have the most prisoners in the world. Total *and* per capita.
At least the responses are mostly on point. &gt; Are you alleging that anyone who voted for or supports Trump is racist? Are you alleging that half the country is racist? A fifth of the country and yes.
&gt; Looks like CNN has teamed up with Google to scrub this one from the internet. Brace yourself Pedes. Their tactics and nastiness are only going to gear up as we get closer to 2020. Or, y'know, *it's a fake.* Nah, must be the evidence that's wrong. And then they're listing [this](http://archive.is/CrIxM) as the source article, but you may notice it's not even *close* to being the same headline. Exactly what insane logic are they using to paint that as anything other than an obvious attempt to discredit the investigation into his own campaign, anyway?
... I was not expecting that to be a direct quote. How is that subreddit still capable of disappointing me?
Why did so many people pick northern Canada and Greenland?!
He's a greatawakening user, so probably some bullshit about how the entire Trump administration is a long sting operation to arrest everyone he doesn't like for taking part in a global pizza-based satanic child sex trafficking ring.
Right, and President Tropicana was never anything but respectful of his predecessor.
*Worse*
&gt; Being a proud white American does not make me a racist Deliberately ignoring the connotations of "white pride" does.
Not a very accurately-named university, is it?
Tobacco industry *alone* probably dwarfs that number.
No it isn’t.
Thus officially taking Ovechkin out of the "greatest player never to win a cup" discussion. Anyway, Vegas fans should look on the bright side, the last team that made the Stanley Cup in their expansion year made it another two years in a row!
&gt; Literally every celebrity death is a conspiracy
For a while I was saying I couldn't see Okada's reign ending anywhere other than Wrestle Kingdom. Then I found out Vader was the first person to hold that title for over a year and he both won *and* lost it at house shows. Anyway, I guess NJPW's second-biggest show is as good a time to change it as any.
Fun fact: Bob Sapp vacated the championship because he lost an MMA fight while he had it. This was before he turned into a walking punchline. Though it may have been the start of that descent.
Nazi scumbag in the UK got arrested for illegally filming outside a courthouse and harassing defendants while he was on a suspended sentence for illegally filming outside a courthouse and harassing defendants.
Steve, you were teammates with Jordan and run up against LeBron in the final every year, you’re bias.
Also, same finals matchup four years in a row. This has never happened in the NFL, MLB or NHL. Hell, three in a row is unprecedented in the NFL. And it's only happened once each for the other two, which is impressive considering the NHL was a 6-team league for a long time and the MLB once had a streak where the Yankees made the final 15 out of 18 years.
To the surprise of absolutely nobody.
Or if you're in the mood for something a little more sardonic: https://rationalwiki.org/wiki/Dennis_Prager
So *not* bending over for Donald Trump makes him weak. Got it.
Jonesey is on the record saying that a confession from Donald Trump wouldn’t be enough to convince him, so...
You can't rely on publicity stunts to fully maintain the country's entire road network for an indefinite period of time. Also, since you can't very well tear up a road as a publicity stunt, I guess you're just fucked if a pipe bursts or something.
Because being a Muslim means you don’t speak German? And aren’t these the same people always complaining when companies offer service in Spanish?
Yes, Fortunate Son, my favourite pro-war song by notoriously pro-military band CCR.
And now for another lesson in why I hate my neighbours: &gt; Donald Trump: *announces surprise tariffs on Canada over twitter* &gt; Justin Trudeau: *publicly responds* &gt; Dotard: I CANT BELIEVE YOU WOULD STAB ME IN THE BACK LIKE THAT! &gt; Republicans: yeah, how dare!
I swear you could make a bot that just says "that's not what postmodernism is" in response to every mention of it online and it would be right 90% of the time. (Also; /r/thathappened)
*Oh.*
&gt; The funny thing is, all of the [communist regimes] that weren't removed by the US military still failed. *Cough* Cuba *cough* China *cough* Vietnam *cough* Laos
&gt; They cherry pick the worst posts and pretend it's a representation of all the users on the sub. We don't exactly have to look hard!
"You know, I've wrestled a lot of countries"
It's Bryan Fischer. I'm not sure he knows what trolling is. For more on Bryan Fischer, [here's his RationalWiki article.](https://rationalwiki.org/wiki/Bryan_Fischer)
&gt; I hope that Tommy dies a hero and a martyr in a Muslim prison. Not because I wish death on him, but because that will spark the revolution that the people he cares about DESPERATELY need. - &gt; I'm worried if Tommy is murdered he will become a martyr and spark a revolution in the UK. - &gt; If he dies in there blood will fill the streets. - &gt; If that ends up happening, they'll be sewing the seeds for an eventual insurrection. Yeah, somehow I doubt the British are gonna revolt because a Nazi fuckhead got himself killed in prison.
And a third.
[So did factcheck.org.](https://www.factcheck.org/2018/03/meme-falsely-claims-exposed-snopes-com/)
Yes.
I’m Canadian you idiot
Except nukes, but we don’t need ‘em.
I'm guessing one of those online "[insert famous person] has x IQ, ***CAN YOU DO BETTER?!***" ones.
*Southern* Democrats, which have since become the Republican base.
And what does it make Yao Ming?
&gt; it’s on par with the n-word for a lot of us ... Maybe in the 1950s, but its usage as a slur is pretty antiquated these days. And I don’t mean that like when morons say “fag” isn’t a slur any more, it’s genuinely fallen out of use that way.
The system is still in place, but it hasn’t been used since Vietnam
The Lakers are not getting LeBron James, Kahwi Leonard *and* Paul George! Not least of which because all three of them are small forwards!
I’m guessing one of those morons who think neoliberalism is the left-wing version of neoconservatism.
And then he goes on to post and brag about his fully-cited post on why Nazi Germany was socialist, featuring several sources that completely contradict him!
Which is why I’ve taken to saying a very small minority of us *only* like the porn.
I don’t think I really have much in the way of physical preferences. Besides, y’know, *male.* Kink compatibility and shared interests seem to be a lot more important to me. As for myself, I’m 6’0, 25, kinda hairy and... larger than I’d like.
If that sentence were two words shorter it would’ve been accurate.
Why are her legs white? ... Why is *that* my big problem with this?!
You’re misrepresenting what he said, that is clearly C *zero* 2. And someone as precise with his language as Jordan Peterson would *never* just make a simple mistake like that.
Maybe Steve Corino’ll piss off Vince and he can do it again. It’s been a year and a half and Young Bucks matches still just don’t feel right to me without Steve calling every superkick like it’s the hypest thing he’s ever seen.
That said if he moved to the WEC full-time, there wouldn’t be any conflicts on Indy 500 weekend.
Congratulations on being better off than a third-world country, but that’s not much to brag about.
Also, Donald Trump agreed to pull the military out of South Korea in exchange for nothing.
Satire or not, there's definitely people sharing it in earnest.
Which they'd already said they were going to anyway. And really, that could well just mean they're satisfied with their nuclear capability. Stopped after the same number of tests India and Pakistan took to get there.
It's hardly the most egregious example of Evangelicals doing something that goes against Christianity.
Fuck this website.
Okay, now reverse the labels, that's how LGBT people feel all the time.
In fairness, that's paraphrased. What he did say was still pretty fuckin' stupid, though.
Damn. One of the guys that originally got me into Japanese wrestling.
The difference is pretty much nominal. In the US, anyway.
Canadians (still) overwhelmingly disapprove of Donald Trump
Anything with the potential for Marufuji or Nakajima vs. Styles is fine by me. Also if WWE could start using Kenta’s real name, I’d be all for that. Glad they ditched that whole “debut with a renaming ceremony” thing after doing it with him and Prince Finn Devitt Balor.
Maybe not so much L either.
I C wut U did ther
Is this really a reddit thing?
Still 12.5 up on Baltimore!
I actually like a couple porn games, but the fact that the DOA Xtreme series is so... *acceptably mainstream* kinda depresses me.
Right-wingers love to make bad faith arguments and pretend they've won when people refuse to address them.
A white supremacist is complaining that liberals are racist to black conservatives. Cool.
Yeah, fuck you for trying to stop my kid from getting potentially deadly diseases!
"Activist Mommy" is about as feminist as I am the king of Portugal. Is Portugal even a monarchy? I have no idea! Edit: it isn't. Comment still stands.
First president to get a divorce while in office?
I don't really see any reason to keep separate accounts, it's not like you follow individual users on this website and I don't know anyone who knows my Reddit username anyway.
&gt; Federal Bureau of Investigation Agency
Oh no, a self-awareness singularity!
If it keeps them voting for people with no chance in hell of getting elected, I am okay with this.
&gt; Trump’s Doral golf club outside Miami has fared even worse: In its main kitchen, banquet hall, café, patio grill, and bungalows, inspectors have found 524 health-code violations since 2013, including a number that resulted in fines. ... And that hasn't been enough to forcibly close it? Christ, that's basically two a week. That goes past sloppy and well into just plain not giving a shit.
Meanwhile, where's the US on the press freedom index? 45th? K
Guess Germany had to come up with something after their regular footsoccerball team got their asses handed to them by Korea.
Yeah, offence mighta cooled off a bit from last year, but they compensated with possibly the best pitching of all time. Even *with* Giles, Keuchel and McCullers having off years. Gerrit Cole's got a 146 ERA+, and that's *third* in the starting rotation.
I can think of a few: * Fursuits. Contrary to popular belief, only like 10% of furries are into that. * Someone else mentioned pony play. Like that too. Seems particularly uncommon with gay men for whatever reason. * Machines. Not sure how common or uncommon that is, though. * Similar note, guys with sybians. That one I *know* is uncommon. * Probably the most specific one I can think of, forced orgasms with chastity. * I've kinda got a science kink the way a lot of people have a medical one. * Also have kind of a thing for competitions, for whatever reason.
North Korea going back on vague, non-binding promises of denuclearization? How could anyone have seen that coming?
You may notice NONE OF THAT MEANS YOU HAVE TO PUT THEIR CHILDREN IN CONCENTRATION CAMPS YOU STUPID MOTHERFUCKER. &gt; T_D user D'accord.
Nope!
And then his idiot followers insist Democrats are solely responsible for political division in the country.
Worth noting, Hillary Clinton won New York 14th with 78% of the vote, and according to the Cook Report, it's tied for being the 26th bluest seat in the country.
I see you've stopped *pretending* the facts back you up on this. Or that you care about the general well-being of the country. Cool.
My problem is more with these folks' *obsession* with wanting more Nazi imagery.
I also want to has sex with like five different Egyptian gods.
Yeah, seems about right.
Wow, they actually deleted a comment that deserved to be deleted for once.
&gt; Is Lauren Southern a Racist? Yes. Extremely. &gt; Is saying "We want to keep Europe, European" racist? Yes. Extremely. It's also an incorrect usage of a comma, unless European is the person to whom you're saying you want to keep Europe.
Although apparently socialism is also religious extremism, when private entities enslave people and... advocating for Mexican-American rights?
Yeah, I'd be shocked if it only costed $16 billion. We recently added six stations to one of our subway lines, it cost us about a fifth of that and took ten and a half years to finish. And I can't imagine building a fucking 2000-mile rebar wall across large stretches of deserts and mountains while dealing with 4 different sets of state laws is going to be easier than a subway extension. All of which of course ignores that a wall won't do shit.
He basically *is* a Dickensian villain. Just less Victorian.
The only real problem with California is the tech industry is gentrifying the entire fucking state. Oh, and the issues with fresh water.
&gt; It's not a kink parade! I don't see any reason it can't be.
&gt; even though 99.999% of the population doesn't care. Because that doesn't completely contradict everything else he said.
Slang for Latinos, typically Mexicans and Mexican-Americans. Literally translates to "The Race." Can also refer to Latino advocacy group UnidosUS (known as the National Council of La Raza until a year ago), or less frequently, Chicago-based gang La Raza Nation. I have no idea how any of these things are socialist.
Slang for Latinos, typically Mexicans and Mexican-Americans. Literally translates to "The Race." Can also refer to Latino advocacy group UnidosUS (known as the National Council of La Raza until a year ago), or less frequently, Chicago-based gang La Raza Nation. I have no idea how any of these things are socialist.
&gt; Slavery = socialist Yeah, I don't think that's what socialists mean when they talk about "worker ownership"
Yes.
Well that's just a straight-up lie.
Jesus Christ, man, do you do anything besides moan when we start talking about gun violence in this subreddit?
I don't even like Black Mirror. That is all.
Wow reading the comments in here was a mistake. Did I accidentally click on a thread in r|Drama instead of r|SubredditDrama?
Straight women?
It's still weird to me that the Bushwhackers have a Meltzer 5-star under their belt.
That's unfair, Twitter actually allows porn.
Why stop there? There's also: * Horn Drill * Leech Seed * Bonemerang * Giga Drain * Present * Eruption * Water Sport * Hydro Cannon * Mud Shot * Natural Gift * Metal Burst * Wring Out * Force Palm * Rock Polish * Seed Bomb * Focus Blast * Wood Hammer * Quiver Dance * Horn Leech * Drill Run * Sticky Web * Play Rough * All-Out Pummelling * Toxic Thread * Purify * Let's Snuggle Forever
Counter-point, they're still making their bosses more money than they're being paid.
And now I'm just imagining him bringing a match to a halt for several minutes so he can apply the paint.
And that's a big part of my problem with it, it's a waste of time.
Between that and Shingo heading for NJPW, sounds like it’s been a rough year for Dragon Gate.
Guess there is that angle. I certainly wouldn’t complain about more Flamita and Bandido.
CIMA in DDT? Gonna have to find that.
And by a decently wide margin, from the looks of it.
You know what this makes me want to do is do a 2k19 universe and put all the belts on like Yano Toru or Grado or someone. Maybe even Scotty 2 Hotty. They did put The Worm in.
Plenty of overlap between the furry community and the kink community, though.
I'm a little more concerned by the fact that neither of them appear to have eyes.
Well there's a quote that nicely summarizes exactly what kind of person Rush Limbaugh is.
I'm guessing that's the one from Heroes of Wrestling.
Isn't it a pound and a half?
&gt; r\Drama user Surprise = false
* Stateless: No * Classless: No * Moneyless: No Eh, zero for three is close enough.
Oh, sweet, they’re blending their ablism with their hatred of people into BDSM now. See flair.
If anything it’s seriously undercriminalized, the last thing US politics needs is to give 0.1%ers *more* influence. &gt; I personally think if someone makes an error in filing paperwork or in not categorizing a campaign contribution correctly, it shouldn't be jail time, it ought to be a fine, Sure can’t imagine that would lead to a lot more “errors”
I can only interpret this as meaning their goal for the 2019 season will be the #1 draft pick.
Christ, the amount of ablism in that subreddit is disgusting. Not as disgusting as the transphobia, mind, but still disgusting. And speaking as someone with Asperger's, I think it's made worse by the fact that they think they're on our side.
*Bobby* Bonds, Barry played left.
Ben Garrison officially understands French politics even worse than he does American politics. I can’t say I’m surprised.
Or the comment section just got 900% more shit due to making the front page. Either way.
[Called it.](https://old.reddit.com/r/SquaredCircle/comments/a3586e/raw_draws_lowest_viewership_of_all_time/eb3u5pi/?context=0)
Just like when they boycotted The Force Awakens, The Last Jedi, Fury Road and Wonder Woman!
Nah, silicone's pretty robust that way. Not very thermally conductive and the melting point is 300º celsius/572º Fahrenheit anyway.
&gt; His evidence is always irrefutable That’s... not how film criticism works.
&gt; *Also thinks all Democrats are socialists*
The "alt-left" exists only as a deflection tactic for right-wingers. US barely even has a regular left.
I always feel like I try to shoehorn a Zoroark into my team if I get the option. Cool design, fun ability, high attack stats, good speed tier, absolutely killer with shadow ball and a stack of nasty plot, can hit nearly everything for neutral damage with aura sphere and flamethrower. Don’t really have a specific Zoroark I have a connection with, but I probably had one on my team the longest in Omicron. Certainly the one I got to the highest level, anyway, cap in Zeta/Omicron is 120. Can’t remember the name I gave it.
&gt; The post seems to say that anyone who isn’t left or left leaning is a far right facist. Even tho groups like antifa and blm (who they mention) are literally facist by threatening to silence others with violence for their political views. "The left call everyone they don't like fascists. Also the left are fascists."
Kinda plateaued in the 80s.
People are still pretending Carl of Swindon is left-of-centre? Cool.
7/10 army composition, needs more mammoths.
Which makes me wonder if this is the first time those advertisers actually bothered to watch Tucker Carlson's show.
Hang on, lemme just look at some South African incarceration stats... Oh, would you look at that, [white people make up 1.6% of the prison population](https://africacheck.org/factsheets/factsheet-the-state-of-south-africas-prisons/) compared to [8.9% of the general population.](http://www.statssa.gov.za/census/census_2011/census_products/Census_2011_Census_in_brief.pdf)
Jesus fuck, this comment section is cancerous. Did this make /r/all or are we just getting hardcore brigaded?
Well, let's see, during those 8 years the president was a black man, and now the president is a man who the justice department has successfully sued for discriminating against black people *twice,* so...
The Party of Personal Responsibility™
Nathan Peterman, whose career passer rating would improve if everything he ever threw went out of bounds. Not even exaggerating. How is Jon Gruden an NFL coach?
Also, lost the popular vote by seven figures.
I particularly like how this isn't a screencap.
CityNews and/or DART Insight: a local newspaper, apparently.
I only seem to be getting Nespresso ads lately. And those piss me off because the music only comes out of the right audio channel while the talking only comes out of the left.
Was Kennedy a noted opponent of abortion and LGBT rights and this is the first I'm hearing of it, or is the person who made this just stupid? (Also, I'm pretty sure the ghost of Eisenhower is even more horrified of what the Republican Party's turned into)
Good thing Christians never murder foreigners.
Well this comment section is a shitshow.
We need new blood running our country. Let's rally around a second-generation-rich 72-year-old.
Finland fighting off the Soviet Union without any help.
The Winter War was still a huge spiritual defeat for the Soviet Union. Had 5 or 6 casualties for every Finnish casualty. Walked away with some territorial concessions, sure, but not nearly as many as they would've had if they'd steamrolled Finland like I'm sure they expected to.
Counter-point, they just traded three former all-stars for one of the league's worst pitchers and two mediocre prospects to make room for him.
&gt; Most gay people also think this is disgusting. No.
And to counter your anecdotal evidence, I am a gay person who doesn't think anti-discrimination laws are disgusting.
Eh, sending dick pics to a minor is also pretty fucked.
***NONE OF THOSE WALLS WORKED VERY WELL.***
&gt; Eating--can we at least acknowledge that American men are just as fat as American women, on average?? 2/3 of this country is overweight or obese. Men aren't exempt from that. And again, Donald Trump.
YEP, NEVER HEARD A DEMOCRAT CRITICIZE THE OBAMA ADMINISTRATION'S MILITARY POLICY!
&gt; No Flamita, Bandido, Yamato or BXB Hulk :( Dragon Kid's the only one on this card I'd say I'm really familiar with, who else is worth looking into?
I'm assuming either A) it's not an airtight material or B) there's noseholes.
I'm sorry, "heightmogged"? Uh... Urbandictionary got anything? &gt; A term used in the incelosphere to describe undermining another person by being taller. Ah. Anyway, Jesus Christ, this guy's a bigoted shitstain even by incel standards.
&gt; Remember Her? No.
I’m not sure what I like most: the fact that his... turban-shirt-scarf-whatever came off while he was in the air, the complete whiff, the fact that they’re performing for what can’t be more than a dozen people, or the fact that someone at some point had to have gone “hey you know what would be cool? If I did a diving headbutt ***WITH MY HEAD ON FIRE!***”
And also we take mental health more seriously than we did in the 1950s.
Seriously, we’re talking about a crime that’s almost impossible to definitively prove. The number of convicted rapists is *miniscule* compared to the number that never even get charged. The fact that this is even going to trial is already pretty damning.
Part of what drives me up the wall with that line is pretty much every non-monarchy on the planet can claim to be a constitutional republic. North Korea is a republic. North Korea has a constitution.
Well, any state that produced Ted Nugent has to be at least a bit of a shithole.
Welp, your comment history is every bit as stupid as I expected.
Heavily armed Trump cultists are much more of a threat to my life than poor, scared and unarmed Mexicans.
Yeah, Jefferson was a pretty well-known critic of the church.
Well, it’s white and it has Ford logos on it. Do you really need more than that?
I’m pretty sure all three of these presidents can say all three of those things.
Right, that’s why Democrats aren’t offering up wall money. Totally not because it would be about as good a use of that money as flushing it down a toilet.
Ooh, an excuse to break out a language I stopped learning in grade 11! Il est un homme très stupide.
I like girly boys, yeah.
And it’s upvoted!
He’s yet another long-winded right-wing pseudointellectual whose followers are considerably more cult-y than usual.
He knows people can rate movies on IMDB without writing a review, right? And that reviews are easy for salty nerds to dogpile?
No, but if things go according to plan I’ll get right on that first or second week of January.
First off, M16s are still in use by 80 militaries around the world *including the US,* secondly an M4 carbine is a smaller version of an M16, thirdly being obsolete wouldn't change the fact that an AR-15 is one selective fire mode away from being an actual military assault rifle.
Fourth thread on the subject I've gone through and I still have no idea what Jim Cornette *actually said.* Or why so many people *including Jim* have turned this into an excuse to talk shit about Joey Ryan. My opinion of Luchasaurus has immediately gone up at least 25%, though.
Frigid take
[Relevant Betty Bowers](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LsMzQA1p0lA)
I'll take a tie for 61st. Especially with how hard I underestimated El Phantasmo.
... Yeah, I’m still calling him Trevor Lee for now. (See also: Raymond Rowe, Hanson, Punishment Martinez, Donovan Dijak) (Also they had better leave ACH alone)
They're booth flags so there's literally no difference. Now please excuse me while I simultaneously fly the American and Confederate flags.
Goddammit, you guys got Fleetwood Mac stuck in my head.
&gt; Stefan Molyneux is Bad at ~~Philosophy~~ Everything
&gt; and we do our best to hold them to the same standards and policies as we do all communities. If that were remotely true they would've been banned several times over by now. &gt; we have not found them to be in consistent violation of our content policies. Then the admins are either wilfully ignorant or embarrassingly dense. Or both. &gt; Political speech is the most protected form of speech in the United States, and we are sensitive to that **and take cues from the government when we think about our policies.** So Reddit goes way harder on the centre-left than the far-right, got it.
Dear ROH: Bandido vs. Dragon Lee plz
Shit, have I been getting that wrong?
Simple Plan? Alexandre Daigle? The 89-90 Nordiques?
Again.
Anyone who believes the EU is a continuation of Nazi Germany clearly understands neither of those things.
Ah, so it *can* change hands without a roll-up.
Fun fact, that doesn't mean he isn't a reactionary scumbag. If anything that *reinforces* it.
I also like the implication that unfiltered Nazi propaganda is the only way we can teach people about Nazi Germany.
Which makes sense because the US was so involved in the Soviet Union's nuclear program.
Plus it's on the border with Indiana, which has really loose gun laws.
You call most anarchists right-wing and they'd take it as an insult.
This is what happens when your entire understanding of politics is "amount of government"
He was appointed because he was the leader of the largest party in the Reichstag.
&gt; School is bad because a fictional alcoholic sociopath said so.
*Reads comments* Oh, right, this is a default subreddit.
Somehow I doubt many girls are buying their stepdads shirts that say they're stubborn, clumsy brats.
There's nothing empowering about being a rich conservative white guy's third trophy wife.
&gt; I didn't vote for Trump, but Nothing good can follow that.
Real talk, I'd totally let Justin Trudeau fuck me.
My Fibe TV stopped working for the last minute and a half. I blame Bell for this loss.
Advantages of going with lesser-used species: No stereotypes Disadvantages: Cannot joke about own stereotypes
Real talk, though, I'm surprised SI still does the swimsuit issue.
Yeah, I wasn't cheering the injury, but I can definitely say I thought he'd just aggravated the sprain at first. Which would obviously be much less serious than tearing his achilles.
Not like Raw gives much of a shit about that either. They've got three hours to play with every week and somehow typically spend 40 minutes or less on actual wrestling. Some of which is inevitably during commercial breaks.
I'd be more than happy with WWE including some Chikara/DDT-style shenanigans, but if they only pulled it out one time it'd just be confusing.
WWE has a lot of great wrestlers that they're giving a whole lot of nothing. Signed ACH and Trevor Lee in February and so far the only thing they've done with either of 'em is change their names.
Okay, *most* Muslims are Asian, you happy? ^(Also albinism isn't a race either)
Hi, yes, what are the Nile, Niger and Congo rivers?
For the second game in a row, I can't watch the end because Bell fucked up. Edit: started working again, but I still missed the last 3 minutes.
Aww, couldn't have let one of the TSN guys do the trophy presentation? Anyway, great series, and while I wish the Raptors could've won with the Warriors at 100%, this is only the second big 4 championship a Canadian team has won in my lifetime so I'll take it.
[Also a reminder that Brian Kendrick dropped a Burning Hammer on Kota duding the CWC.](https://youtu.be/45l1yw8t6aA)
They solved carbon dioxide, guess that means Kenney can stop fighting the carbon tax now.
I'm having a bit of trouble with "those convicted should be registered as sex offenders," I do think it should be treated like other sex-related crimes (and that sex-related crimes should be treated more seriously in general), but I'm also kinda against the idea of a sex offender registry to begin with. Fuck it, slightly agree.
Well, if those are the options, I’m glad he stole the pool toys.
Explains why so many of us are bi, I guess.
Which, just like signing Kemba Walker, would put them over the cap with no starting SG and three bench players. Awesome.
I swear 2/3 of the comments in here are for u/userleansbot.
Even if they didn't, that's what we've got prostates for.
Roger. Will wait a day, though, feel like my odds are better if it's there for the full week.
Also it was created by one of the Bojack Horseman people.
I feel like this subreddit's overlooking the fact that Buemi and Nakajima are also ex-F1 drivers a little.
In my experience the sort of people who make these arguments tend to be tyrants' biggest supporters.
Anyone have advice on starting out with latex? Realized recently that I've been underestimating how much of a *thing* I have for it, haven't been able to do nearly as much reading on it as I have with most of my other major kinks. In particular I'm wondering about good places to buy, seems like most general-purpose kink stories don't have many options.
Funny, considering nearly all of their jokes about Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez are just repurposed "dumb blonde" jokes.
She's on the record as saying Hitler would've been fine if he'd just stayed in Germany, so...
At least he didn't accidentally shoot someone else?
Some of it was prior knowledge (e.g. practically every country in Europe has a considerably lower homicide rate than the US, US has highest incarceration rate in the world), most of it I got from checking relevant indexes under suspicion that Austria was doing better than the US.
Might be a little small, but I wouldn’t say it’s weak. Probably on par with Impact’s roster, anyway.
Unless the Lakers can somehow talk him into $10m a year, I doubt that's a serious possibility. Especially with the rumours they're after a max-contract PG (which is itself kinda insane).
I know they *can* sign someone on a max contract, I just think it's a terrible idea because it would basically require their entire bench and one of their starters to be league minimum players. Certainly don't see them using that max contract on the frontcourt considering they currently only have one guard and it's Isaac fucking Bonga
They blocked embedding it, the link still works fine.
I don't think this guy understands animé much better than he understands women.
As best as I can tell, because the team told him to. Maybe it was a mechanical fault, maybe they just wanted to preserve the engine, I dunno.
&gt; The moron should have stopped on the safe part of the track, It’s the Nordschleife, there is no safe part of the track! (Also drivers getting out to do their own repairs is really only a thing in rallying)
I mean, declining the option was pretty much a given, there's almost always more money in declining and re-signing. Who even was the last guy to exercise a player option? Edit: I guess this is more of a *thing* for max contract guys.
Maybe he just wants something multi-year?
Involved with PETA, somewhat unfortunately.
I got banned from rConservative without ever even intending to post there.
I don't even know what they expect it to accomplish.
ITT: people assuming this is EA even though the first word of the title is 2k19, indicating it was made by 2k.
*Checks to make sure I haven't accidentally travelled back in time to 2003*
&gt; TD reminding everyone that they are "the most friendly and accepting subreddit for LGBT people" Maybe if you only count far-right subs, and even then, probably not.
Well, feels like *everyone* in Dragon Gate is mostly a tag wrestler.
That was a Sasuke Special you fucking philistine! ^(Note: not actually angry about this)
And they're always a bit crazy, and there's always a casual death threat.
That probably replaces "convinced them to make homosexuality a capital offence" as the most fucked-up thing an American pastor has done to Uganada this century.
I was not expecting that to be a direct quote. Although I suppose the awful sentence structure should've given that away.
&gt; the main reason these men joined waffen ss is cause they did not like communism they probly did not have a clue about what was happening to the jews High-ranking SS officers probably had no idea what was happening to Jews? Does he think Hitler was running the camps personally?
Besides which, it's not like Fred Trump donated his estate to charity.
This is a dumb comment.
&gt; And libertarianism holds the value that if you can't force them to compensate you, then you don't deserve the compensation. Sounds like a pretty shit ideology.
&gt; Nobody fucking cares –Person who clearly has a problem with it
Meanwhile the US still manages to spend more tax money on its completely private healthcare system than any other country on the planet. In part *because* they don't have universal healthcare.
I'm pretty sure they lost control of it when the creator of the subreddit tried to delete it only for the admins to go "nope, can't let ya get rid of all this Valuable Discussion™"
I wouldn't say this aged badly. It was stupid when he made it too.
Sure can't tell this got brigaded and/or made /r/all.
Well, I think part of it is because of how much of a gap there can be between a game that's just kinda meh and a game that's an unmitigated disaster. I mean Ghost Recon: Wildlands is pretty mediocre, but how bad a score can you really give it when there's stuff like Ride to Hell: Retribution out there? And I mean, we all know RTH:R-level trainwrecks are out there, plenty of them get released every year, but they also don't usually get much media attention.
Somebody clearly learned everything they know about feminism from right-wing YouTubers.
[16](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_English-speaking_population) (Plus a few overseas British territories)
I'm convinced the universe hates the Saints for keeping Sean Payton around after the whole bounty thing. Also, NFL overtime is bullshit.
Except for I'm not.
I was just joking a bit. Hit wasn't pretty, do not blame him for not returning.
Seriously, we're talking about a world where dragons, vampires, werewolves, werebears, succubi, sirens, trolls, giant bipedal leeches and zombie fish people exist, but these people have trouble suspending their disbelief over the existence of non-straight/non-cis/non-white people, it's fucking ridiculous.
&gt; but its simply that straight people dont give a shit about "queer" –People who definitely give a shit
Also you: &gt; Thats retarded. You think all people deserve the same but i live in a poor country and i know these lazy fucks i live with dont deserve same shit as you and me. Everyone Is diferent and poor countries are full of diferent kinds of parasytes. Keep being leftist, travel to a poor place you Will learn soon enough that most of them got what they deserve. Please, tell me more about how not-right-wing you are.
If nothing else, yesterday was a good reminder that he is my absolute least favourite type of "centrist."
&gt; Guys like Rob from Comics Explained said in 2017 that individuals who openly reject “forced diversity” sound “racist” Because they are. &gt; (e.g., turning Iceman gay after decades of continuity that says otherwise OH YEAH BECAUSE COMICS ARE JUST SO FAMOUS FOR THEIR RESPECT OF PREVIOUSLY ESTABLISHED CONTINUITY! I mean [just look at how long TV Tropes' page for comic book retcons is!](https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Retcon/ComicBooks)
Even ignoring the fact that it makes no sense for Iran to target what they would've known was a Ukrainian airplane with zero American passengers, an engine catching fire shortly after takeoff sounds a lot more like a birdstrike or mechanical failure than an explosive or anti-air gun.
And I still insist the only reason he even had a chance to do that is Pittsburgh played like ass that whole game. It was also one of my first memories of being genuinely pissed off about the NFL's overtime rules. (No particular attachment to the Steelers, I was just beyond sick of people talking about Tim fecking Tebow)
&gt; The left truly cannot take the fact people like Trump Just ignore the fact that his disapproval rating has been above 50% his entire presidency.
Well then I sure hope whatever procedure it is you went into debt for doesn't interfere with your ability to work at your barely-pays-enough-to-cover-living-expenses job.
Good thing internal combustion engines don't need batteries.
I like how the guy deleted his account shortly after calling someone else a "pussy" for not paying much attention to right-wingers posting in bad faith.
Want to make them change their minds about the land ownership thing? Just let ‘em know there’s more $1,000,000+ houses in New York and California than the rest of the country combined.
[Unfortunately a fair number seem to.](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2020/jan/04/donald-trump-jr-ivanka-trump-2024-presidential-election-poll)
&gt; I wouldn't just call random people faggots for no reason as that is just bad decorum. &gt; [immediately calls random people n*****s for no reason]
... You can't patent nuclear physics. Besides which, having IP rights to something in one country doesn't automatically grant those rights in all other countries, and even if you did file a patent in every single country that's party to the World Trade Organization, they're only obligated to honour it for 20 years.
&gt; Whenever I encounter those sad shit-sacks in real life or online, they are either: &gt; [...] Bragging about being literal sociopaths Ow, my sense of irony.
Considering you're talking to someone named "Drumpfeatsmyass," my money is on both.
Uh-huh, and I'm the king of Denmark. Christ, man, even if you're telling the truth it only hurts my opinion of you, not least of which because it eliminates the reasons for supporting Donald Trump I'm... *least unsympathetic* towards.
If the goal of the Vietnam War was "kill people from the wrong part of Vietnam" then it was a massive success. It would also unambiguously be genocide.
Making it more obvious if someone actually hit something or not would be nice. I'm not sure why multiple of those 10s didn't count. Otherwise, NFL skills competitions have a similar thing for QBs, but you can only hit each target once. Seems like a smart thing to do. And the 10-point target really needs to be either smaller or further away.
You're either arguing in bad faith or too stupid to reason with; in either event a great argument would be a waste of time and effort.
Probably because they're morons and have no idea what autism actually is.
Todd Helton plz &gt; Too early to tell, but looking good so far: &gt; 2\. Brett Lawrie Which... was probably a silly suggestion even then, considering the sample size was 150 ABs. Christ, man, that's too early to be talking about Silver Sluggers, never mind the HOF.
TSN mutes Dynamite every time the crowd does a swear and it's starting to really annoy me. Just wanted to say that.
0-for-3 on finding a chastity device that fits properly now. At least this latest one was cheap. I'm beginning to lose confidence that a well-fitting device actually exists. I can't seem to find a sweet spot between "cutting off circulation" and "prone to accidental removal," and on top of that it's almost impossible to prevent slipping out when your flaccid measurement is occasionally "no." So... that sucks. Anyone have advice?
&gt; You think people would willingly just be taken from their homes by the police to their deaths? No, I think police would've killed them on the spot. It's not much of an improvement.
That's not an answer.
I mean, I have no love for tankies, but I think the rest of us can still agree there's no chance in hell Stalin killed well over a third of the Soviet Union.
Which is appropriate considering Dennis Prager is a conservative talk radio host.
I've come across people who thing Angela Merkel is a communist, so...
... Yeah? I know they haven't had quite the explosive growth in income inequality the US has had since Reagan, but they've done pretty well for themselves.
Insofar as having your parents defect when you're three months old counts as willing.
This is exactly the sort of take I expect from someone who once said Hitler would've been fine if he'd just stuck to Germany.
Wait, who's from Cape Verde? Edit: it's Yorgan de Castro.
M8, you are in no position to criticize someone for using a loose definition of fascism after that first comment.
If that's your big fucking takeaway, I clearly made a mistake engaging with you.
Haha, yeah, that would be ridiculous. *(Has several relevant kinks)*
Likewise, "ashkenazi" is a term I really only ever hear from far-right-types trying to pretend they don't hate Jews.
All 807 Pokemon *characters,* eh?
&gt; ANTIFA has declared war on our country. Which I'm sure is a surprise to their nonexistent leadership.
Yeah, I'm sure there's plenty of breadtubers that've been there and done that. Although unfortunately I just plugged "Mein Kampf analysis" into YouTube and it spat a bunch of Jordan Peterson at me.
Neither of which in anyway justifies him being fucking murdered.
Exactly what universe are they living in where internet *Facts &amp; Logic!!!!1!*™ types don't hate trans people?
&gt; Yes I too remember when the cops involved were immediately arrested after murdering George Floyd. Oh wait, that only happened after a week of protests. The cop who knelt on his neck wasn't even arrested immediately. On top of which, I find it hard to care considering it's almost a foregone conclusion that they'll be acquitted.
Not sure we needed a study to confirm that, but it's always nice to have one.
And once again I'm left confused about what they think autism is.
Meanwhile, two weeks ago Republicans were furious about the tyranny of being asked to stay inside.
I find it interesting when I get that seeing as I’m literally an American citizen.
While it's theoretically possible, as far as anyone is aware nobody has ever contracted HIV orally.
Yeah, I've seen a few studies saying the BDSM community at large has a higher-than-average prevalence of that sort of thing. Of course, that could just be a sign we take mental health more seriously than the general public.
Yeah, it's easy to overhype guys early in their careers. I remember being one of many people who thought Rustam Khabilov was going places before he met Ben Henderson.
Generally that happens because the fighter on his/her feet doesn't want to go to the ground and the fighter on the ground is hesitant to get back up, either because they'd prefer it go to the ground, or because it's hard to get back up and defend yourself at the same time.
I'm guessing that's supposed to be the percentage of each group that agrees.
I think it was because they stopped advertising on Bill O'Reilly's show.
&gt; He solved the hyperinflation, turned the economy around and stood up to the Allies who had crippled Germany in the treaty of Versailles. Okay, slight problem with the logic there: even if that were true, **THAT WAS AFTER HE MADE HIMSELF A DICTATOR!** Like, is this guy under the impression that he'd be able to see three years into the future but no further?!
Eh, close enough.
Seriously, I'd be willing to put money on *one* squadron of Eurofighters being able to take out the entire WWII Air Force.
* I really hate how wehrby-types keep bringing up Ally bombing campaigns to downplay the straightforwardly evil things the Axis were up to. It also kinda indirectly leads to a lesser point of frustration I have with our side of things, namely that it's become controversial to describe said campaigns as war crimes. Like, I get the relevant treaties didn't exist yet, but by today's standards, Geneva Protocol I is pretty unambiguous about it. * Lots of wehrby-types seem to be under the impression that the most important thing in warfare is who has the biggest guns, and whether or not said guns actually *work* is a secondary concern. Granted that also seems to be what a lot of the actual Nazis thought. Anyway, that's part of what inspired my current flair, doesn't matter how good your tanks are if you can't get fuel to them. * *Really* fucking sick of people talking about Hitler improving the German economy. What he did was create an obviously-unsustainable bubble that basically depended on *always being at war.* * Hitler was not a goddamn socialist, I don't care if it's in the party's name. * A lot of people seem to have this unspoken belief that Nazi leadership was full of geniuses and they were only brought down by a combination of bad luck and Stalin throwing the entire population of Russia at them, which, I probably don't have to tell anyone here that this isn't true. * Really hate how a lot of Americans seem to believe they saved the whole of Western Europe by themselves. I mean for fuck's sake, the Battle of Britain was over by the time they got involved. * Hate how France's efforts basically had people throw out their entire military history and stereotype the French as quick-to-surrender, y'know, like they haven't been one of Europe's premier military powerhouses for basically the entire rest of their existence. And I mean, I know they only lasted a month and a half, but it's still not like they rolled over for Germany, they were just fighting an unwinnable battle.
Oh, yeah, songs about killing are all the rage these days, top 40 is just dripping with Slayer and Children of Bodom.
I feel like things would've gone the same way in the late 90s if Hulky McHulkster wasn't working for the competition.
Yeah, it's hard to figure out how well guys are doing in positions like Heyman's, sense I get from years of paying attention to backstage reports and interviews with ex-employees is that there's very little cohesion in WWE's creative process. Got a lot of people coming up with a lot of conflicting ideas, and then you also gotta run everything past Vince, who is notoriously both very hands-on and very quick to change his mind about things.
&gt;&gt; 13/50 &gt; Happens because black neighbourhoods are patrolled by police more often. Also, since those places are poor, don't receive care from anyone with power, and are filled with people who just want to become richer, you can see why they will turn to crime. Also it's a *lie.* He's saying it's all violent crime. That is in fact based on the arrest statistics for homicide, which is the least common form of violent crime. Furthermore, arrest statistics include people who were acquitted or had charges dropped, but do not include unsolved cases or cases where the offender otherwise couldn't be arrested (e.g. murder-suicides)
And neither is an entire quarter of said list.
&gt; We have so exhausted the political value of the word racism that no one knows what it means any more. Nearly every person I've seen make that complaint has been massively racist.
I really hope this is making fun of that image that says the same sort of shit about the Confederate flag.
Trying way too hard to be a cheesy bad-but-in-a-fun-way B-movie and failing at it because it's so artificial? What did I miss that lead to that comparison?
Why is right dog crying?
I find I get squirmy more than anything else.
Right, people protesting against police brutality, particularly as it affects black people, are the same as a white supremacist terrorist organization.
Gonna guess that was in one of the ones his proto-Nazi sister edited and published. Edit: ooh, even better, I can't find any evidence that Nietzsche ever actually said that. Just a handful of far-right shites attributing it to him without a source.
&gt; Public education did not do well, by you. Says a white genocide conspiracy theorist. Also, like the unnecessary comma, spelling and grammar errors in intelligence-based insults are my favourite.
Ah, yes, drafting people into the military is a surefire way to make them protest the government *less.*
Because constitutional originalism applies to non-constitution legislation enacted in the 1960s, apparently.
Right, using metric is the reason the IS hasn’t had a manned moon landing in so long, not the fact that it’s fucking expensive and there just hasn’t been any reason to do one. I mean, adjusting for inflation, the cost of launching a Saturn V *once* was over a billion dollars, and that’s just for fuel and the rocket itself.
Yes, because submitting a ticket request online (not even a purchase, a request) is exactly as hard as registering for a mail-in ballot
At least three people I follow on Twitter are socialists who review movies on YouTube for a living, so... news to me.
Ideally nobody would've gone, I just think it's hilarious that they expected a crowd so large it wouldn't fit in the arena and then they didn't even hit 1/3 capacity.
Marty Scurll's on the list now? Argh, I'm having a hard time keeping up.
&gt; Woody Allen literally did nothing Except, y'know, having an affair with his girlfriend's 21-year-old adoptive daughter in his 60s, possibly molesting another of said girlfriend's adoptive daughters when she was *seven,* and having an affair with a 17-year-old when he was in his 40s.
Coincidentally, I am also Anti-FIFA. (I mean I like footsoccerball and all, but that organization is so corrupt it makes the IOC Selection Committee look like Amnesty International)
&gt; There needs to be some kind of legal recourse victims of cancel culture can take if the accusations turn out to be bullshit. It's called a slander lawsuit. You may notice very few people accused of sexual harassment/assault opt to pursue these, which I attribute to the fact that very few accusers are lying.
You seem pretty whiny about people not thinking your favourite Nazi is as funny as you do.
I wish I could say that was a new one on me.
Much like every other Republican president since Nixon. (And yes, I am going to include Gerald Ford in that entirely because he pardoned Nixon)
Does he know a lot of twelve-year-old businessmen?
Yeah, I'm not gonna be told I'm denying science on an issue by someone who doesn't even try to understand what my stance on the issue actually is. Hint: #NOBODY IS DENYING SEXUAL DIMORPHISM IS A THING!
I've said before, not only is that sort of thing *not* countercultural, it *cannot be* countercultural.
The people who post this sort of thing tend not to be overly concerned with things like science. And a preemptive fuck-you to any reactionary tools who see this and are about to bring up trans people as an attempted gotcha.
So I'm gonna have to ask for a bit of clarification on #3 there, are you asking if it's alright to engage in more than one *type* of pet play? If so: yeah, I don't see any reason why not, I know plenty of people that are into both the puppy and pony sides of things. Myself included.
It would've been late 19th century, so there's a variety of motivations I can imagine. In any event, considering the far-right of the time *hated* the Irish and weren't much friendlier to the Scottish, again, I doubt they'd be thrilled.
I can tell you with 100% certainty that nobody ever accomplished anything by fantasizing about revolution while antagonizing everyone who isn't already on board with the thought.
Admins forcibly replaced a bunch of their mods and then most of the people who were actually posting ran away to another website.
Wild stab in the dark, I'm guessing your idea of far-left is Barack Obama.
Then please, tell me, which far-left people have any influence at all over the US government?
No, as a matter of fact, I haven't seen anyone who the far-left put into congress lately. NAMES.
Or we're interpreting it in a way that doesn't line up with what ammosexuals like yourself want it to mean.
Fuck all three of 'em.
