You can get every item in the game before the white palace.
Yes, since it kind of is by definition. But FPS also applies to games like Prey, Bioshock, Resident Evil 7, and so on. It's not exactly a strict term, it's literally any game in first person with shooting mechanics. Because it's not a real genre, just a game mechanic label.
It's literally the final day of the year, I don't know how this isn't obvious that it's a placeholder...
You're probably barking up the wrong tree. The Prime series, produced by Tanabe, is mostly about immersion and exploration, even if it was in third person it wouldn't be as action-y as you're probably picturing it. The main series, produced by Sakamoto, is more about action and a faster pace.
For the record, outside of Ram, the Switch is only sitting at somewhere around twice as powerful as the 360 at most, *while docked.* But that should still mean we can get a game *at least* as good looking as Halo 4. And yeah, between the fact that the hardware is more powerful and the way rooms are done in the Prime series... It means they should be able to hit 60 FPS pretty easily. Also because the Prime games generally goes for a less generic sci-fi aesthetic, even on the off chance they sacrifice raw graphical fidelity to hit 60FPS, the game should still probably look better than Halo 4.
[No, the Switch's docked gFlops are only 400 or so.](https://www.gamespot.com/forums/system-wars-314159282/nintendo-switch-specs-33401548/) A Tegra X1 *can* run at a terraFlop. In F16, Which doubles the number, but not the power. Consoles are measured in FP32, because not all of them can use F16. Only some hardware can. In reality a full speed Tegra X1 runs at about 500 gFlops, and the Switch underclocks it to run at 157 in handheld and 393 docked. It would be outright impossible right now to get a *handheld* console at nearly the same power as the Xbox 1 for $300, and if it *was* that strong then games like Doom and Wolfenstein would be running at 60 FPS.
I mean I love the game but the guy kind of specifically says he doesn't like proc gen stuff.
Well as far as the left hand goes, my completely unrealistic wish is the ability to flip off that shitty boss that has killed you 10+ times and you've been stuck on for half a month.
It's always awkward and uncomfortable making a traditionally silent protagonist suddenly have a voice, for one thing. It's equally awkward having the main character in a *first person* game talk, to me at least. Kind of not a good mix.
Written dialogue, yeah. Stuff like the "Samus's Notes" thing in Prime 1 just works out better than voice acting. *Especially* in a first person game.
I mean I've never really played the Halo games, since I've never owned an Xbox. But I still feel like it's awkward to have the character *you're playing* in an FPS game talk. It's jarring, to me.
I can understand enjoying the game, but I don't get the need to defend a story even the producer doesn't really feel proud of. He outright didn't play half the series when he wrote it and only realized how much he fucked up by doing this later on.
I'd have to disagree. It was an okay *concept.* But it wasn't pulled off well. Adam acts like an asshole the entire game, Samus is a wooden board except for when it's convenient story-wise for her to suddenly have emotions, the story was a rehash of fusion with a few generic anime tropes thrown on top in an attempt to make it feel a little more unique... And really, it just wasn't the type of thing that should have been done for a *Metroid* game. It doesn't fit when you compare it to the entire rest of the series.
I'd say not making the main character, who's literally blown up planets, weak to the sci-fi equivalent of a *taser* would make a good Metroid story.
That's what dialogue options are for. Having the character you're playing as speak *while you're in first person* is jarring because you're supposed to *be* that person. Look at the difference between the older Fallout games and Fallout 4, for example. It wasn't a good change. That's probably a closer comparison to Metroid than Halo is too, given story isn't the main focus of either series.
The part where Adam sacrifices himself.
Wolfenstein did it alright, but then look at Doom which did it better and in a way that actually feels pretty similar to Metroid.
Definitely not the specific model they use in Smash, it's not exactly the most insanely detailed ship. But there's a good chance they go with the design because it's just the iconic ship design that they've used in a majority of the games.
He doesn't need to say it outright when he backtracks on basically everything he did in the next game. Samus Returns kept the couple of elements he was proud of from Other M, mostly the action-y stuff really, and scrapped everything else. He also intentionally made the whole Ridley PTSD scene *even more* ridiculous, by adding yet another Ridley fight into the Canon before Other M.
Ice beam in Metroid is basically a space taser. It only kills people here because they needed it to for the plot. It also doesn't make it any less of a ridiculously bad scene, especially when you actually give it context. For example, the fact that power armor *disappears when you lose focus or get hurt.* You know, the point where you'd need armor to protect you the most? Or the fact that this secret dangerous project involving *invincible Metroids* can only be self destructed by having someone commit suicide.
It's not irrelevant to look at how many times Samus had fought Ridley. It outright explains why he thought it was a good idea to include it back then. The scene *sort of* makes sense if you think about when Other M was written. Only the 2D games where considered in the story, and you'd only fought him twice with one being his "real death" with the games out at that point. From that perspective, breaking down It wasn't amazingly well written, and it was still literally just a Fusion rehash from some generic anime tropes sprinkled on top, but it kind of made sense in that context. But then he *actually played* the Prime trilogy, and confirmed it as canon. You fight Ridley three more times, and he has a death scene that seems like more of a sure thing than the one in Super. Because literally every single other Phazon mutated creature died when Phaaze exploded. Except he still manages to survive it. That's *five* Ridley fights before Other M, half of which seeming like a sure thing. Finally, he gave the go-ahead for Ridley in Samus Returns instead of trying to salvage the mess he caused with Other M. It doesn't matter if it was Mercury Steam's idea, because it was still his choice in the long run to go through with it. They wouldn't have even *started* developing the boss if he didn't say they could. And that brought the total up to six. Seven, if you count the Mecha Ridley fight from Zero Mission. He obviously wasn't trying too hard to salvage that scene from Other M. He realized he fucked up pretty badly by not playing the Prime series first before writing the story, and he's backtracking to bring the main series more online with the games he *outright stated are canon.* He even admitted in one of the newer interviews that he's trying to bring the games together into one more consistent series. Probably so there's not another major disconnect like Other M.
&gt;How is it a space taser? Samus' ice beam has killing capablities, it's even stronger than her power beam in some games. It's stronger than the Power Beam in *Prime.* The game we know Sakamoto outright didn't play when he wrote Other M. In Super, you *can't* kill enemies in one shot. They get frozen and don't take damage until the second shot. Stunning is the entire point of the beam. &gt;It's not when she loses focus or gets hurt, it's when her force of will is broken. The freeze gun alone didn't knock her power suit off, it was due to the fact that she was just shot by Adam That doesn't make the armor any less of a terrible design. It's a bad plot point. It was just a lazy way of weakening Samus, so they could do scenes like the Ridley PTSD and Adam's sacrifice. And finally, you didn't even address the *problem* with Sector Zero. To detach it from the ship, you need to *trap someone inside of it.* They don't have a simple control panel where they can detach and destroy any potentially problematic sections of the ship, they just have a button *inside* of the soon to be destroyed area that someone is required to push. What happens if there's, I don't know, an *actual containment breach?* How would someone even get inside without being killed by an invincible Metroid to go and press the suicide button?
Just saying, emulating WiiMotes would outright suck for the Switch. There's a reason we've gotten tons of Wii U ports and not one Wii port. The JoyCons don't have IR sensors on them like the WiiMote, so there's no way to detect when you're actually facing it forwards. A couple games have tried to recreate it with gyro, like World of Goo, but it's almost unplayably bad because of the drift. It needs a dedicated recenter button just to make it somewhat playable. I think if they port it to the Switch, we'll end up getting something along the lines of the control scheme they use in Prime 4.
I'd say not really. Other M's gameplay feels like a Metroid game without the meat, plus it has an outright awful control scheme. It's very linear with next to no exploration, more so than Fusion. You don't find powerups yourself, you're kind of just told at random when you can use them after progressing in the awful story. There's no point in really getting missile expansions because of the focus thing. And finally, despite being an action-y Devil May Cry style third person shooter and beat 'em up combo, you play with nothing but a *Sideways WiiMote.* This means a D-pad and six buttons are all you get for the *whole game.* It's not good, they were basically forced to make the combat shallow because of it. Move and dodge are the *same button,* for example. Federation Force is a co-op game. The multiplayer stuff *is* the campaign. It can be played solo too, but it's obvious that it's not really designed for that. Federation Force is Prime without the exploration. Instead, it's a mission based game. It's a lot more shallow because of this, you don't really do anything but shoot enemies.
Might just be because I'm tired, but for some reason the "speculation" flair is making me laugh my ass off.
Well they didn't really have anything big to show off at the time. We have what, like five major games announced with no gameplay now?
I feel like they probably wouldn't announce a Prime Trilogy port *unless* they showed off Prime 4. It's not exactly huge news on it's own, the context is what would build hype.
I actually forgot about that, that's a good point that backs this up pretty well. We had confirmation a Metroid game was in development after the Switch reveal show, way before E3. At the time it just sounded like an empty promise but they announced the game at E3 just a few months later. So, in hindsight, development might have actually started before January.
I love Samus Returns the music isn't one of the things I'd heavily praise it for. I felt like it was a little mediocre, outside of the remixes. It didn't have the same atmospheric vibe as the original Metroid 2 stuff and it wasn't really as catchy or memorable as the rest of the series.
The remixes were alright, and definitely felt pretty Prime inspired. All of the item/upgrade jingles were straight up lifted from Prime too. The entire game felt like Prime in 2D, really. But outside of the remixes, a lot of the amusic just wasn't that memorable or. [The ambient cavern songs, for example.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7UuynalGJ2c) [Or the Queen Metroid's theme.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kUS1ueuEmpo) [Or Diggernaut's sort of rehash of the Ridley theme.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RJrrHVnyAtw) I actually didn't really enjoy any of the boss themes. Just didn't click with me, I guess... The game has some really good music, like the Torvus Depths remix or the *completely original* Chozo Laboratory theme that samples Phendrana because it's an ice area but goes for an entirely different feel. But I feel like it was outnumbered by stuff like the boss themes and the ambient cave themes, which I just don't find that memorable or interesting. I outright dislike a couple, like the themes for Arachnus and the Queen Metroid.
It's a fan remake of Metroid 2, that was worked on for about a decade or so and came out towards the end of 2016. It stands for Another Metroid 2 Remake, because when development started there were a couple other similar projects.
Honestly, and I know some people might disagree but, Dead Cells isn't a Metroidvania and I wouldn't really recommend the game to people looking for a Metroidvania experience. There's no backtracking, you can only get back to older areas by dying and resetting the map. There are permanent upgrades you can use on later runs to access new areas, but you can't get back to those areas in the same run. And the other upgrades you get, the non-permanent ones, don't really matter for exploration. Only for combat. What most people imagine when they hear about Roguelite Metroidvanias is a randomly generated world where you explore to find new upgrades, backtrack, and use your new upgrades to explore areas you couldn't get to before. Like an actual Metroidvania, except one that randomly generates when you die. And that's just not what Dead Cells is. The game most people are actually looking for is A Robot Named Fight. Which is basically a Super Metroid randomizer on Steroids with the Binding of Isaac item system. There are no permanent upgrades, but every single upgrade in the game works both for combat *and* for letting you access the next area. Plus you can backtrack, you're not just going in a straight line. You have optional side paths for power-ups and extra items, and you usually need to find an item first before you can get to the boss. Every time you start a new run, the obstacles are different and the item you get to move past those obstacles is different too. For example, a door that can only be opened by fire could either have you getting a flamethrower or flaming bullets. Dead Cells is a great Roguelite with some *very* light Metroidvania elements. A Robot Named Fight is an actual combination of the two genres, to the best of its abilities.
It... tried...? I guess. Which is why it gets mislabeled as a Metroidvania. The developers were trying to go for a sort of Roguelite Metroidvania mashup, and they were sort of the first to come up with the concept, but they just didn't do it. They killed any potential that had when they made it so you *can't backtrack.* So it's just a Roguelite. If you're still interested in the concept, you might want to consider checking out A Robot Named Fight. It's an actual fusion of the genres. It leans more towards Metroidvania than Roguelite with the only real Roguelite elements are the randomly generating map on death and a Binding of Isaac style unlocking items system though.
It's kind of been like that for a couple years. My PC isn't super beefy or anything, but it shouldn't be running the game as bad as it does.
I think anyone would make an exception for *4 FPS.*
First off, she couldn't have thought it was his "true" death. With the Prime games, Super wasn't even the only time he actually died. Prime 1 confirms that he was basically dead after Zero Mission, and the space pirates had to turn him into a cyborg to bring him back. His heart is literally a machine. There were only two Ridley fights before Other M from the perspective Sakamoto had while writing it, because with the main series alone there was only Zero Mission, the original Metroid 2, and Super. The second one was the big final fight in Super. The scene that only makes sense from *that* perspective. She didn't manage to kill him in Zero Mission and thought she finally got rid of him in Super, only for him to come back as a clone. It's still a very generic scene, but it *makes sense* that way. It doesn't make sense when you actually play the entire series. There's no reason for Samus to break down in a PTSD fit when she's not only fought him six times by that point, but *killed* him twice. If she was going to break down, it would have happened several games earlier. If Sakamoto had known what he knows now while writing the game, the scene would have at least been *tweaked.* &gt;If he doesn't come back from Phazon regeneration, then how'd he come back? It doesn't matter how he came back because Ridley *didn't* survive thanks to Phazon regeneration. Phazon was destroyed at the end of Prime 3, and every single Phazon infected creature died, even Dark Samus. We can probably assume it's because he regenerates *without* Phazon, given the ending of Samus Returns. &gt;Where is any of that stated? It's called *context.* He didn't consider the Prime series in the slightest with Other M, and left massive gaping plotholes in the story because of it. To avoid making the same kind of mess a second time, he actually *played* the games and got a good understanding of their story. [This is the interview where he talks about it.](https://nintendoeverything.com/sakamoto-on-metroid-samus-returns-development-final-boss-switch-more/) &gt;&gt;When the Prime series started, he agreed with its producers that they should try to preserve the timelines and a level of consistency, but also to be free to create the games that they considered appropriate and avoid doing anything that would severely impact the other He didn't do this with Other M and he knows it, so he made strides to keep things more consistent in Samus Returns. The game outright confirms the Prime series as canon by including a version of Meta Ridley, it has a more serious and collected Samus, and it doesn't do anything that would create more plotholes in the series. Sakamoto wants a consistent timeline, and he knows Other M is the odd one out that stops it from feeling consistent and coherent. He might not hate the story he wrote or anything but he does understand the problems he caused with the game and doesn't want to do that again.
I don't know whether to be disappointed that this exists or praise or for still managing to look less awkward than the Other M suit.
I mean the problem with the game *is* the genre. The genre is just plain lazy. You drop a hundred people into a map and tell them to shoot each other until there's one left, and that guy wins. That's it.
Can't use pointer controls, the JoyCons don't have an IR sensor. It would most likely be something along the lines of the originals, but with dualstick and gyro to make Prime 3 work.
&gt;Hey all, *cough* Scott here. *cough*
I would say wait a couple days until the Game Awards so we can see if the Metroid Prime trilogy is *really* coming to the Switch or not, because that will inevitably be the best version of the game. If not, then go for it. If you enjoyed the 2D games then it's basically a sure thing that you'll like the Prime series. It did an amazing job of capturing the same kind of experience.
This is the Wal-Mart leak all over again. Why do these companies keep creating placeholders for games they only *think* might be coming? It seems like a waste of time.
Except those games all have more depth. Shooters have varying enemy types, Mario gets harder as you progress, and Soccer is something you actually play _in real life._ Battle Royale games don't have that depth. The gameplay is as deep as that one sentence. It's only fun for the first round or two, until you realize there's not much more to it.
It doesn't matter if he regenerated using the Phazon because Phazon being destroyed still would have killed him even if he had *fully* regenerated. Which must mean he has some kind of natural regeneration as is, and we're outright shown that in Samus Returns. [Prime 1 doesn't take place three years after Zero Mission, it takes place almost *directly* afterwards.](https://www.metroid-database.com/old_site/features/timeline.jpg) The Frigate Orpheon is one of the ships that escaped from Zebes after Zero Mission. It's true they didn't kill him off because they knew about Super, but it also shows that Super isn't a good indication of him "finally dying" because with the context of the entire series his death scene is nothing special. It only stands out when Zero Mission is the only other time you fight him.
Twitch skill doesn't exactly make a great game, that's also considered pretty lazy a lot of the time. The building thing is an attempt to put their own twist on the genre but it's just a bandage on an inherently mediocre concept. Tetris was a great game, that was also made several decades ago. You can't call it lazy because at the time it wasn't. It was really innovative and and took a lot of effort to make. Battle Royale games don't take a significant amount of effort, if you already have some game development knowledge. It's just a *very* basic shooter, and the simplest multiplayer you can get. Just dropping people into a big map with guns. Look at PUBG, which was *literally an asset flip.* It might have been hard to make a game like this ten years ago, when it was a struggle for some games to get more than 30 people on a server together. But these are tools so basic they almost feel built into game engines these days, not anything groundbreaking.
It doesn't matter what it says in Other M because the point I'm trying to make is that it *wouldn't have said that* if he'd actually paid attention to the rest of the series while writing the game. &gt;taking place 3 years after that first fight with Ridley on Zebes This is outright wrong, one of the very first logs you read in Prime confirms the game takes place basically *right* after Metroid 1. Zero Mission doesn't change anything major with the story, outside of adding the ship section, so there's no reason to assume this changed. &gt;Again, no evidence that Sakamoto wasn't aware of the Prime fights with Ridley. Sakamoto *is not* the producer for the Prime series.* &gt;[For Metroid Prime, I'm not in charge of that series - another producer is handling it.](https://www.eurogamer.net/articles/2017-08-23-returning-to-metroid) He didn't write the story, he wasn't involved with characterization, he didn't work on the art design or the gameplay, and he didn't set up Other M's PTSD shit in Prime 1 with a *hand clench.* Everything in the game was Retro's work and Tanabe's oversight. Then he even admitted in an interview that he didn't take the Prime series into account because they're separate parts of the story. Everyone knows this quote because everyone was complaining about how the Prime series "wasn't canon" for about a month until a less shitty translation of the interview came out. But I can't find a link to the exact article.
Except it's not 2007. This isn't some super major issue anymore. *Even in* 2007 there was still Gmod which to this day can handle 100 players in one server. Even then, even if that actually *was* a problem, it doesn't change the fact that the rest of the genre is as simple as it comes either. You're dropped into a map and told to shoot each other. Yes, Arena FPS games are just as simple, and *just like* Battle Royale games they're only fun for a couple of rounds because of it. The difference is Arena FPS games were *actually* innovative. But not even because of the genre's actual mechanics that existed years before, Quake was just one of the first online multiplayer games. Battle Royale as a genre, again, does *nothing* special. It's just dropping a lot of players into a big map with generic shooting mechanics. If you want to keep using Fortnite in particular as the example, then the entire point is taking something along the lines of Rust, hundreds of players in massive map with weapons, and *removing* the depth. There's no more crafting, the inventory is simplified to the point where it's only purpose is limiting the amount of guns you have, building is rendered pointless because instead of making a base now you're just using it as quick cover and moving on. Etc. Like I said, Fortnite is just putting a bandage on a bad concept. Battle Royale is inherently a lazy concept, even the original mod it was based off of just *disabled respawning in an existing game.*
That's a fan timeline, but it uses up to date information. It's from 2011 or so, using information purely from the games themselves. The Prime Trilogy booklet isn't exactly canon either, seeing as it probably wasn't written by *anyone* who worked on the games. &gt;Besides, how would would the space pirates have time to build facilities on Tallon IV if it was directly after? How did they do it in a couple of weeks, in Prime 2? &gt;how would a metroid that the Space Pirates brought from Zebes have time to mutate into Metroid Prime? How did the Metroid Hatchers have time to mutate in *days* over the course of Prime 3? There were literally hundreds of Pirates on both Tallon and Aether. Aether's base wasn't as set up as the one on Tallon, but that was a couple weeks (or "cycles") between them landing on the planet and Samus showing up. The Tallon IV base could have been done in a few months, which is what the gap between the games actually is. Phazon Mutation takes literally days to happens, it's not some super slow process. &gt;The PLANET explodes how does Ridley survive that? The planet doesn't explode after you kill Ridley, and there's a significant amount of time between that and the Mother Brain fight. So it's not insanely unlikely that a ship left the planet. It didn't, and that was confirmed not to have happened, but it still *could* have happened and that makes the planet exploding less significant. &gt;Also, rewatch Ridley's death in Super vs how he dies in Zero Mission. You will see they make him fall apart in Super, why not include that in his "death" on Zero Mission? I mean ignoring story reasons, this would outright not be possible on the GBA for the same reason they couldn't do those tiny little bug enemies from Super. The system was technically 32-Bit and technically supposed to be more powerful, but it just couldn't do some things the SNES could. &gt;Super was meant to be his true death. It was. Before Prime 1 confirmed he had *actually died* during the events of Metroid 1. The only reason it *matters* that Super was meant to be his "true" death is Other M anyways, and it wouldn't matter at all if Sakamoto had just *played the Prime games* before writing Other M.
I don't even know where to go with this anymore when you're trying to use a quote that *confirms* my point to disprove it. Other M has nothing to do with the Prime series, but the fact that Samus fought Ridley as many times as she did still makes the PTSD scene ridiculously bad when it was *already* a generic mess of a scene without that. You're getting so hung up on defending this *one* example of bad writing in the game too and you're not even doing a good job of it. I'm just too tired to keep this up.
You're getting really touchy for someone who supposedly hasn't played the game. My problem with Battle Royale is that it *doesn't* revolutionize the genre, but people pretend it did anyways. It gets fucking ridiculously high praise like it did something special for ***disabling respawning in Arma 2.*** That's it. That is the genre, and that's all the mod PUBG was originally based off of did. There's nothing more to it than that. It's ***lazy.***
My criteria for a *genre* is to do something more than *remove the respawn mechanics from an existing genre.* I don't even care that it exists, the thing that gets under my skin is that people pretend it's doing something "revolutionary." It's not, it's just a lazy marketing tactic for a minor spin on an existing genre. It doesn't deserve to have whole games built around it, it should have just stayed as a gamemode for Arma 2.
Yeah, this isn't even really a competiton... Hollow Knight could go toe to toe with *Super* and people would still have a hard time deciding which is better.
I mean, Prime 4. I don't really care what they do with Prime 4 as long as it feels like an actual sequel to the trilogy. I want what the trilogy did, but bigger and better. I think the only thing in particular I wouldn't want is for it to be a Post-Fusion game, because it's only going to cause more weird timeline issues when Sakamoto inevitably makes Metroid 5.
I don't have a problem with the people, I really don't care what they like. I have a problem with the people still making games in the genre, and pretending their game is the most innovative amazing shit out there. Like PUBG Corp trying to fucking sue over their *generic asset flip battle royale game,* because another *equally generic and samey* game got more popular than them. Making a battle royale game is just a straight cash grab at this point because there really *isn't* a unique spin you can put on it, but you'll still make a decent profit off of it even if you only get modest sales because of how ridiculously easy it is to make one.
Probably, I forgot about that too. But he probably knew about Prime 4 as well, and it's still not very likely that development hadn't already started if it was announced at E3.
Or, here's a thought, look at the *ridiculous amount* Battle Royale games out there right now instead of blindly ignoring the blatantly obvious. Since Battle Royale is just a survival game without the ability to respawn, all you need to do is look up a tutorial for a rust clone on Unity. Rust clones were already a pretty popular thing, so the resources to make one have been floating around out there for several years now. Once you find a tutorial, it would only take a few *days* to complete and a little bit of extra effort beyond that to rework the respawning mechanic for a rounds system along with adding the shrinking death field. If you think I'm exaggerating about this, look at the games that have ***already done this.*** The big one being H1Z1, which just removed zombies, removed respawning, and added a giant gas death field. It *is* that simple, it's not some gamechanger genre.
My point has never been that people shouldn't enjoy the games. My point is that people shouldn't still be *making* so many games in the genre. It's lazy to make a Battle Royale game. It's an inherently easy to make genre, and you can't even really put your own spin on it because the game mechanics are so simple. So making one is just a cash grab. And again, I never said "it isn't a good game." I said it's not a good *genre.* It's a toxic concept, taking what other games have already done and making it slightly worse because it'll make more money that way for the next couple of years until the fad dies down.
Well first off, those weren't the first two major games. Battle Royale's been around for a hell of a long time, with games like The Culling for example. It's been a pretty big thing since The Hunger Games. Those games didn't get insane ridiculous levels of players, but then those games also weren't free. The problem with Fortnite is that it was still *lazy.* They saw the genre was popular, and modified their existing gamemode to turn it into a Battle Royale. But it's still a Battle Royale, a genre that's still inherently just what they already had but with less depth and content. PUBG is just a mess. Even if it wasn't a lazy genre, the game itself is still really shit. It's an asset flip with god awful optimization, the creator is an arrogant asshole who thinks he did something innovative by *disabling respawning in Arma 2,* and the monetization is downright shitty. That game never deserved the praise it got.
You're the one who's kept on, acting insulted while pretending you've never played the game, despite the fact that I was never even talking specifically about the one game. The game on it's own is fine, it's well coded and handled by a decent company. It's done free to play monetization in the *least* shitty way possible, too. But it's in a lazy god awful genre, one I consider on par with shitty monetization schemes in terms of the bad it does, and that defeats the good aspects of the game.
We have literal confirmation that every game in the series is canon. Well written or not.
I mean, just saying, this is why the game had a remake. The original does not hold up whatsoever.
A port wouldn't take several years to make, I'm pretty sure this wouldn't be their big project.
I don't think it's that they won't announce ports, but more that they wouldn't *only* announce a port. We wouldn't see the Prime Trilogy there *unless* we were getting something about Prime 4. A Trilogy port being announced after an amazing looking Prime 4 full reveal would make the hype skyrocket, but *only* announcing a Trilogy port would leave people more disappointed than just having nothing at all. Prime 4 is long overdue for more information, and just being told "We're porting the older games" with nothing else would be a massive disappointment..
So the exact same thing they've already said three or four times since the game was originally announced *a year and a half ago?*
I am slightly addicted to giveaways, but I've never won.
This is the comment I was looking for.
I'd say it's a safe assumption that most of the people excited for Prime 4 have already played the first three games. It's exciting to get a port and have them on the Switch, yeah... But it's still going to be disappointing getting that *instead* of more Prime 4 information, not alongside it. We've been waiting for over a year now just to get more than "development is going well." It's been said so often that the third post most relvent post when you search Metroid Prime 4 on this subreddit is a link to an article called [Reggie Reveals Metroid Prime 4 Development Is “Proceeding Well”](https://www.gameinformer.com/interview/2018/07/01/reggie-fils-aime-sheds-light-on-the-future-of-switch-and-his-progress-in)
I think they would be, it just wouldn't be a smart move to announce a Prime trilogy port *before* they can show off anything for Prime 4. At the very least, I feel like we should get more than the same "Development is progressing well" line again. They've used the past *two* interviews involving Prime 4, and another time before that. https://www.gameinformer.com/interview/2018/07/01/reggie-fils-aime-sheds-light-on-the-future-of-switch-and-his-progress-in http://www.nintendolife.com/news/2018/11/reggie_says_metroid_prime_4_is_well_into_development
That was the *first time* Bayonetta 3 was announced, not a year and a half after it was announced. And the downside is that a port of the Trilogy isn't what most people are waiting on. If it's announced *alongside* a big Prime 4 reveal, then it would build even more hype than a Prime 4 reveal on it's own would. It gives people who've never played the series before a chance to get into it, and it gives fans a chance to just play the older games on the go with a new control scheme. If it's just announced on it's own though, it would be worse than not announcing anything Metroid related. Fans would be disappointed because there's still no information on the *new* game they haven't played yet, and people trying to get into the series wouldn't be as excited for the port because they're still not even sure if Prime 4 will live up to the hype behind it. It's not going to hurt them in the long run, but look at what happened with their investors after E3 when people were disappointed in that. It does still affect them if they don't have a good show.
Nope.
Nah
I think the fact that Prime 3 was 11 years ago makes it *more* disappointing if we don't get any real Prime 4 gameplay. Everyone who's already a fan has played the games time and time again over the years. A trilogy port will help bring in new fans, but it won't really do anything if they can't show that Prime 4 is going to live up to the hype behind it for any potential newcomers to the series. Prime 4 is probably going to come out in 2019 too. [We already know they're aiming for a three year development cycle,](https://www.eurogamer.net/articles/2015-06-17-next-proper-metroid-prime-would-likely-now-be-on-nx) and it's not like development *starts* when a game is announced. So it's also probably not a case where they won't have gameplay to show off.
No, it's honestly too risky here. It's a new dev studio we have absolutely no information on, coming off of the back of Federation Force, with the only information we have being a producer, who the new main antagonist is, and some old 2015 concepts that may or may not still apply. I want to be sure it's going to live up the hype, and actually be on par with the original Trilogy.
Guy who made Metroid Fusion said it was canon, so there's no taking it back now.
It's not an arbitrary, because the Bayonetta collection was still announced *alongside* 3's announcement. The fact that nobody knew it was coming made an alright announcement into an amazing one when they dropped a port and then announced a sequel. That's not the case here. Everyone already knows Prime 4 is coming, and the only way to recreate that same hype is to actually show something off. The fact that we already know it's coming also lessens the impact of a Trilogy announcement. We already know there's something bigger and better down the line that we just don't have any information on yet, and a port of older games pales in comparison to the possibilities of the new one. Even if the new one doesn't turn out as amazing as people imagine it. It's already been the longest time between the announcement and the reveal of *any* first party Switch game so far as well. It actually overtook Fire Emblem by a month already, and that was *a year and five months* between it's announcement in January and it's full reveal at E3. It would feel like a bit of a slap in the face to drop a Trilogy port with *no* Prime 4 information whatsoever. If they can't show off Prime 4 yet, they could instead hold off on announcing the Trilogy so later on they can say "Metroid Prime 4 releasing in six months, and we're also releasing the Metroid Prime Trilogy HD *today!*" or something along those lines. That would save on disappointing people at the game awards,and also give them an even better more hyped up reveal for Prime 4 whenever they actually do show it off. I think the reason it wouldn't sell as well without actual Prime 4 info is obvious too when you look at the difference between it and the Bayonetta collection. The Bayonetta collection was a Wii U port. People bought it because the only other console it was available on was Nintendo's *worst selling* console with a vast majority of it's first party library already ported to the Switch. And it was just a good deal, $60 for two games that could easily still cost $30 or $40 individually on a newer console that you can also take portably? That's a steal. Plus the series is just more popular in general. The Prime Trilogy would most likely be a remaster, not just a straight port, which would justify a $60 price tag as opposed to the Wii U's $20 one. But it's still not from a super popular series, and it's still a $60 collection of games that are over a decade old now. If Prime 4 is revealed and it looks amazing, people who've never played the series before will be flocking to buy and get through the original Trilogy while they wait on Prime 4 to release. They won't be with a Trilogy release just on it's own though, aside from maybe a couple people getting now lessened Prime 4 hype as we wait another few months yet again for a potential gameplay reveal. Without the hype of Prime 4, the Trilogy is just a collection of *very* old games from a series that isn't amazingly popular under the promise that the new game from a decade later made by entirely different people will be amazing. *This* is what a general audience will see, and it doesn't really look great from an outside perspective. It doesn't matter how good the games are or how good Prime 4 will probably end up being, because newcomers to the series won't know anything about that. Finally, disappointment translates into a negative effect because their stock will lower if it's generally considered a disappointing show. These shows are just as much about the investors as they are about the fans. Investors gauge whether to sell their stock or not based on the general reaction to big shows like E3 and now TGA as it's getting bigger. A lot of people were disappointed in E3 2018 because Nintendo really only showed off Smash for a majority of it. It was great if you like Smash, but it was still only one game for thirty minutes of a 45 minute show. Their stock lowered a significant amount afterwards, and they had to go on damage control for a bit. It's the only reason we got the whole "Metroid Prime 4's development is going well" interview.
I would too, but it still wouldn't be a good announcement unless it was alongside real Prime 4 information. It's still just a port. On it's own, it's not really that special. Prime 4 won't be their big E3 2019 focus game, they have too many games releasing next year to do that. There's still Animal Crossing, Luigi's Mansion 3, Bayonetta 3, Fire Emblem, the Yoshi game, the No More Heroes game, and a full fledged PokeMon game that isn't a spin-off re-using 3DS assets. Even for the games releasing before E3, there could be stuff like DLC announcements at E3 too. It's a bigger year than 2017, even just going off of what's *confirmed* for 2019. But right now, all they need is one announcement. Something big with a lot of hype behind it that appeals not just to a Nintendo audience but to a general audience as well. Prime 4 fits that bill. It's a sci-fi shooter with some exploration elements, so it's not exactly a super niche game. Plus the timing fits too. Out of all the first party games, Prime 4 is the one with the longest wait from it's announcement for real information so far. It actually managed to surpass *Fire Emblem* already. Fire Emblem was a year and five months, from January 2017 to E3 this year. If Prime 4 gets announced at the Game Awards, it'll be a full year and a half. (Technically a year, five months, and 25 days. But it's close enough that it doesn't matter.) Fire Emblem was equally as little into development as Prime 4 was when it was announced, too. It makes more sense as a Game Awards announcement than as a big E3 focus when they have so many other games to focus on. It's not the most popular series among Nintendo fans, and a lot of people talk about how it might do better on other consoles. So announcing it here to a more general gaming audience that's not watching specifically for Nintendo makes sense. They can draw more of that crowd on to the Switch, and show it off without having to compete with their other games to catch people's attention.
I feel like we need a flair specifically for Tattoos. There was actually a point, a little after Prime 4 was announced, where there would be at least one new person showing off a tattoo daily for about a month straight. The art flair doesn't seem like it really fits, even though it is technically fan art.
That was a rumor, and one that turned out not to be as credible as Eurogamer was making it out to be. It could still be them, but it's more likely they're just *assisting* development. Which they've done for multiple first party Nintendo games in the past, including BotW, Smash U, and Xenoblade Chronicles 2.
Doom isn't a Metroidvania and I don't think anyone really considers it as one, but it is a good example of how you *could* do a Metroidvania FPS if you tweaked a few elements. It was very heavily inspired by Metroid Prime, and plays somewhat similarly. It has the map, the platforming, the exploration, the hidden powerups, etc. It even has some Metroidvania style permanent upgrades actually. It's just level based, and 100% linear... Which is disappointing because it could have so easily been a great Metroidvania.
Metroidvania in 3D is a concept that isn't explored very well in general. But Metroid Prime is one of those *legendary* games, so there are tons of games nowadays that take some light inspiration from it at the very least. Even if they're not really full fledged Metroidvanias. Prey and Doom are the big ones I can think of that somewhat capture the same kind of feel.
I'd be fine with it too, I'm more just annoyed at Eurogamer for passing off the rumor like fact and then at the other news outlets for following suit.
This is delaruining my day.
Imagine the guy who's top comment with 350 karma is just "*Shia LeBeouf.*"
The thing about Doom that makes me disappointed in it not being a Metroidvania is that you actually do backtrack to an older area later on... But it's considered a separate level. Also I think people have done some Metroidvania snapmaps too but I haven't checked any out.
The main game remembers the weapons you found too, it doesn't reset. It would kind of mess with the whole upgrading system if it did.
And I'm arguing that if they can't show off Prime 4 then it's better to hold off showing the Trilogy until they can. It's not the kind of announcement that works well on its own. And that's if it even exists in the first place, because that's not exactly a guarantee either. Prime 4 will sell well no matter what. But the Trilogy *isn't* guaranteed sell no matter what, at least not until we actually see something for Prime 4. The only reason they'd be making it is to drum up more Prime 4 hype and get people invested in the series. A show where they only thing they show off is the Trilogy while telling us "We have nothing to show for Prime 4 yet" again is still more disappointing than just showing nothing at all. Holding off a Trilogy announcement until they can show us both is better than just getting a Prime 4 gameplay reveal on it's own.
Nobody seriously thinks it does, it's just an example of the bad writing in Other M. The exact semantics of the wording doesn't even matter, because it's a translation. Stuff has to be reworded to not sound awkward in English. I'd almost be willing to *bet money* that the original didn't mean "joint" mission, and just meant it was the only time she'd worked alongside Federation soldiers since leaving it. Keep in mind Fusion come out the same day as Prime 1, too. Prime 3 wasn't even a far off dream at the time.
Phazon and Dark Samus are gone for good after Prime 3. We had confirmation of this. Ridley I'm honestly hoping doesn't show up, because he's basically in every game already and I'd rather get something new this time around. Kraid would be cool since he's never been in a 3D game.
It does, it was written without knowing the story of the Prime games. Sakamoto said it wasn't *intended to,* and that the Prime games were still canon. But yeah, that line does. You can't really blame it, since as you pointed out it was set up in Fusion before *the console Prime 3 was released on* was even in development, but it still doesn't make sense given the fact that you do take direct orders in Prime 3.
Sakamoto said that every game is canon, and that the plotholes were unintentional. But Prime 3 came out first, and was potentially even following up on that line from Fusion. Joint mission is from the English translation. Unlike the Prime series, Other M was written in Japanese first and translated later. They didn't use joint mission because they meant joint mission, they used it because it was a cool sounding way of saying working with the federation. And seeing as Sakamoto doesn't speak english, he probably didn't have very much say over the specific wording of the translation. And either way, Prime 3 came out before Other M even started development. If he'd paid more attention to that series, he would've realized that he had an easy out to fix that plothole. Just don't make Adam an asshole control freak hell bent on bossing around the superhuman soldier that essentially works for the Federation and could do the whole mission singlehandedly. The entire point is that Adam is meant to be an old friend, so he could have had him *actually be that.*
The way it was originally intended, the hunters literally work for the Federation. That's why Bounty Hunting was scrapped from Prime 3. So it's not really the same as just being hired or something.
It was lost in translation because joint mission is literally a synonym for group mission in this context. The only way the whole "joint mission" thing makes sense as something separate from Prime 3 is with actual military context, but a translation studio wouldn't use that and a Japanese guy who doesn't even speak English wouldn't even *know* about ***American military terms.*** And speaking of context, you still don't know how to use it either. [He admitted in an interview that he just didn't take Prime into account while writing the game, and in the *same* interview he clarified that Prime doesn't take place in a separate universe. It's just a different part of the story.](https://www.engadget.com/2010/03/12/interview-metroid-other-m-producer-yoshio-sakamoto/) That's him fixing his mistakes and making it clear the plothole was unintentional, not him actually trying to decanonize the Prime series or something.
Sylux becomes a foster Metroid Queen and destroys the Federation with his magic jellyfish vampire children. Honestly though, it could be a cool for boss fights. And we already know it was probably going to be him using Metroids to attack places anyways, otherwise what would be the point of stealing one?
This is still looking too deep into it, all Fusion says is "taking orders." Which she does, in Prime 3. Other M was written without paying attention to the whole series, and over-excessively defending or denying the flaws that came out of that doesn't really change that fact. If you really want it to make sense in the timeline without any plotholes, just do what that one guy does and have Other M be the timeline where you don't save the animals in Super instead of a prequel to Fusion.
You really don't know how to use context do you? The fact that it contradicted Prime 3 in the first place is more than enough proof. Also, taking notes apparently doesn't mean story-wise. Because he *admitted* to not playing the Prime games until around the time he was developing Samus Returns.
We are literally arguing about a contradiction that you're stretching as thin as possible to defend. There's no point in continuing if you're going to keep acting like that.
Aside from the one Sakamoto outright admitted there was, and had to go out of his way to say was unintentional. But okay.
This is really a better question for /r/metroidvania than for here. I didn't even know they were making a third game, much less that it came out *over a week ago.*
It could... if they have stuff to show off for Prime 4. Otherwise, it's just a collection of older games that don't really matter to anyone who isn't already a fan of the series. Prime 4 looking amazing at its reveal will make the Trilogy sell better, and the Trilogy selling better will make Prime 4 sell better. It's a cumulative effect that really only works if they're shown off together like that in one big announcement.
[Source.](https://www.engadget.com/2010/03/12/interview-metroid-other-m-producer-yoshio-sakamoto/)
He had to go out of his way to specify that the Prime series was still canon, and that Other M was as well despite it's contradictions. That *is* him clarifying a contradiction, regardless of specific wording. Which again is shoddy, because it's a translation. Just like the line in Other M means it's the first time Samus has worked with the Federation since leaving, even if the *exact wording* could be taken a different way. It's the context that matters here.
And all of this is under the assumption that it's a direct translation, despite the writer and producer *not speaking english.* Somehow this one unimportant throwaway line was using a *specific Japanese military term,* that they then somehow one for one translated from Japanese to English now using a *specific* ***American*** *military term* that means the same thing? Just let it go, stop trying to stretch this thing so far just to excuse a stupidly small oversight in a game that already had *worse* problems with its writing.
Fusion set it up, and then didn't follow up on the set-up for eight years. Prime 3 decided to follow up on it because it was a dropped plot point. Then Other M finally comes out and decides it wants to follow up on it now despite starting development *after Prime 3 came out.* And yes, the Prime series has a contradiction with Super. The difference is nobody spends *literal days* trying to defend it like it doesn't exist. The contradiction in Other M is just as clear cut and just as pointless because it was *unintentional.*
Fusion didn't mention anything about Adam, it just said it was the second time she'd had to follow order since leaving the Federation.
Not another interview, it was *this* interview with a slightly different translation. Or maybe this was the better translation... The translation here says "in parallel in this world." It's some legitimately god awful wording.
It's a cool looking map but I think being updated daily would basically kill anyone's interest in potentially using it on their server. You'd have to re-install it every single time it updates, and installing maps is honestly a bit of a bitch. It's not hard to do or anything, but it's annoying and tedious...
Has anyone ever noticed how pure fucking ridiculous the drama gets in DarkRP specifically? If it's not some staff member spreading your IP around because you shot a guy following you around micspamming, it's someone threatening to swat half your staff team because you didn't set them straight from user to superadmin. It honestly gets fucking stupid...
I don't know if I've ever read that interview. I probably have but I am fucking sleep deprived right now
Just going off the description, which still says daily updates.
He's not really beloved or anything. He's just singlehandedly the *only* bit of confirmed info we have on Prime 4, so there's not really anything else to talk about but him. If we're lucky, that won't be the case a few hours from now. I'm really hoping we get a Prime 4 trailer at the Game Awards, it's already been the longest wait for information of any first party Switch game so far.
The logo looks cool, but I think they'd probably keep Prime full sized and shrink Trilogy over to the side to add "HD" to it.
Wow, even the developers hated the Boost Guardian. No wonder it got such a hard nerf in the Trilogy.
Yeah, but that wasn't really a confirmation. It was just ideas from before development on the game even started, that could be dropped. The simpler ones like going back to a single planet again probably wouldn't be, but he might not end up doing something like a time travel mechanic if it feels like too much of a rehash of Prime 2 or something. Which is actually something specifically mentioned in the interview. (Although personally I really liked the concept from that interview and I'd want the game to turn out that way._ Sylux on the other hand was already teased in-game in Prime 3. Mentioning it in the interview was mostly just to confirm that it was Sylux, and unlike the other ideas he actually mentioned the sylux thing in *multiple* interviews. The Eurogamer one and a much shorter one with IGN. And then just to hammer the point home, it was teased *again* at the end of Federation Force. It's been a sure thing for a long time now.
Nope, not getting tricked this time. After the Reggie face thing from before E3 '17 swindled us all for karma, I don't trust any posts like these.
This is not speculation at all but more just blind hope. Two words. Ice. Planet.
*/r/hiddengem/ intensifies*
You still generally leave the first one up.
There's always next time... So much for starting Smash DLC development *after* the game is released though, I guess.
Metroid 4 came out 16 years ago. This title hurts my soul.
It would fit, and I don't even hate the name, but being associated with that really stupid leak that didn't even *try* and got basic already confirmed information wrong like who was producing the game... I don't think I'd be able to take it seriously. I also just don't think I could see them going with something like that, it doesn't feel like it fits with the previous names in the series to me. If we look at the other names... Echoes was referencing the fact that the dark world was an echo of Aether, and I think there's even a line somewhere in-game that calls it that. Corruption was more on the nose, it was just referencing Phazon corrupting things. But neither was about the main villain, really. They were a minor reference to the story, but more to the story's setting or main gameplay element than the antagonist. Aside from Prime 1, of course. So I don't think we could really guess the game without knowing what kind of setting it's going to have, but by the time we know that we'd probably already know the full name of the game. If they actually do go through with the whole time travel idea though, maybe they'd base the name around that. "Metroid Prime 4: Chronos" or something. Although it probably wouldn't be that on the nose. Maybe "Stasis."
https://www.eurogamer.net/articles/2015-06-17-next-proper-metroid-prime-would-likely-now-be-on-nx Basically required reading at this point for speculation, there's more information in this one article than there's been in the entirety of the past year and a half since it was announced.
Obviously the best choice is the Dewsader. He's the only one with a shield.
Why *look* for what you need when someone can give it to you without wasting your time?
It's stuff like this that makes me realize how desensitized I am to this game. But I guess wasting 5000 hours of your life on one game will do that to you.
No, they were pretty specific about the Game Awards reveal part.
I swear if this guy didn't name it "Hydra."
Lol, real PASTRIES he means.
[Supposedly there are only six undiscovered species left in the ocean](https://i.imgur.com/8brpvZE.png) so soon you'll know them all.
Honestly it's more surprising that Unicorns don't exist than anything. How was there never a situation where horses would've benefited from having a horn in all of history?
The Inet listing was never a rumor. The description said they made it *because* of the rumors. Anyone pushing it as real or making some big deal about it not being real didn't know what they were talking about. Nobody cared about Liam Robertson's tweet since he's a known bullshitter and he only talked about it *after* rumors had been going around for two weeks or so. But even then, he tweeted it was coming *a few hours before the Game Awards.* The implication was clear. The rumors were about it showing up at the Game Awards, and the rumors were just false.
It probably has to do with them emulating Wii games on the Shield in China. Or it could be literally nothing, considering Nintendo's been renewing Eternal Darkness's trademark for over a decade and hasn't done anything but the one game. EDIT: &gt;These are for purposes including ‘video game program’, ‘downloadable video game program’, and ‘program for smartphone’. Shield runs Android, so... yeah. Sounds like they're bringing Other M to China.
He was literally teased in *two games.*
Here's hoping for less pure toxicity in S&amp;Box, at least.
&gt;Look at metroid Dread. Teased but never actually came out. Metroid Dread was never teased *in-game,* it was mentioned in a magazine one time shortly before it was canceled. &gt;we have no idea where in the timeline this takes place, if it's a direct sequel, stand alone, prequel, etc. The game is Metroid Prime 4. It's part of the Prime series. Some people are convinced that Prime 4 is somehow a completely different game in a completely different part of the timeline with a completely different name that only has Prime as it's working title because it's first person. But that's just not going to be the case. It's an unrealistic expectation for *any* company to pull that much mindfuckery with a title, much less one as straight forward as Nintendo. Let's say this was the case, and they wanted to make it clear it was going to be a new *first person* Metroid title. If it wasn't a direct sequel, they wouldn't call it *Metroid Prime* ***4.*** It would be something along the lines of "Metroid Prime for Switch" until they had a proper title like Metroid Prime Hunters. Finally, [we do have an official source.](https://www.eurogamer.net/articles/2015-06-17-next-proper-metroid-prime-would-likely-now-be-on-nx) This is talking about the next proper Prime game. Which is Prime 4. It confirms that Prime 3 was teasing Sylux, and that he's planned to be the villain of the next game. Sure, plans change. But not when it's confirmed, then teased *again* in the spin-off that released *less than a year* before the game was announced. It is confirmed, there's no question about it.
&gt;There was a space pirate log entry in Metroid Prime 3 for it. Written as an Easter egg by people not even working on the game. Not a full fledged *animated teaser* by the same person who's ***writing the next game.*** Also, you're reaching by assuming he means any later game in an interview talking about what we could expect to see in *the next proper Prime game.* Don't forget this is an interview from E3 2015 after Federation Force's announcement. That game exists *purely* to set up for Prime 4. We already know is going to happen, and it's as confirmed as it gets. If you don't like the idea or something, denying its existence isn't going to make it go away. That's just setting yourself up for disappointment.
It's two different producers. No one who worked on Prime 3 was working on Metroid Dread before it was canceled, because it was a Sakamoto game. Not a Tanabe one. And that's if the Easter Egg was even included by the producer, and not by one of Retro's staff. Tanabe was talking about Prime 4 in that interview and harping on specific wording in a *translated* interview doesn't disprove that. It was an interview specifically about the next real Prime game, and that's what Prime 4 is. Don't forget that shitty translation is what started the whole "Prime isn't canon" shit, despite the point of that part of Sakamoto's interview being to confirm that it *was* canon to the people who were worried.
To be fair, things only ended up as bad as they are now after the game's been out for almost a decade and a half.
It's not a bad game when you compare it to the endless garbage you could find on the Wii... I'd even go as far as to say it was a good *concept* for the game. But it's never going to be a *great* game really, even if some people consider it *good.* At some point along the line, they dropped the ball with it and just made a few too many stupid decisions. And I think that seeing what it could have been, seeing all the groundwork put into it that was essentially wasted, makes it feel worse than it would otherwise. There's one major thing that happened during development that I feel sums up the core issue with the game pretty well. The developers were forced to scrap their original control scheme and use a sideways WiiMote in a *third person action shooter...* because the producer wanted it to feel more "nostalgic." The game has a ridiculous amount of nostalgia pandering in it. A working full fledged control scheme was sacrificed in favor of one that desparately tried to make six buttons, a D-pad, and some motion controls work. All because a Sideways WiiMote felt sort of like an NES or SNES controller. The story, despite the fact that it was a prequel to and added context for Fusion, basically ignored the game entirely outside of *rehashing everything it did.* Instead, it just focused on Super's almost non-existent story and the baby Metroid. And of course Ridley, because it's not like he's been in *half* the games in the series or anything. Even the art style is a weird half attempt at bringing the cartoony 2D style into 3D, goofy looking googly eyed enemies and all.
No, they trademark stuff all the time and it means nothing. But if it does mean anything, I think it's more likely they're bringing it to the Nvidia Shield in China. They have Wii emulation there. It also specifically has “program for smartphone”, and the Shield runs Android.
No idea what this is but I voted and it was literally 50.01% and 49.99%
The Metroids are a bio-weapon used by space pirates, and you need to destroy them. That basically sums up the overall story. It gets more in-depth in some individual games like the Prime series, but they usually don't carry over to other games. The story isn't really what's important to the Metroid series though, it is still Nintendo after all.
Man, I wish I could do stuff like this.
Just go with the Trilogy, honestly. The GameCube versions of the games can get pretty ridiculously expensive, and the original tank controls are pretty bad. Even if you aren't big on motion controls, being able to play with traditional FPS aiming generally ends up being a massive enough improvement to let it slide for most people. Plus you aren't missing out on much aside from some annoyingly hard to pull off sequence breaks that got patched out, and some very small graphical effects that got removed from Prime 1 for some reason. They're virtually identical otherwise. Worst case scenario, you're borrowing the Trilogy anyways. Not buying it. So if you can't deal with the motion controls, then just give it back and buy the GameCube versions.
I think it'll probably be pretty good. If it plays like a Prime game then it's hard to fuck that up, even Prime 3 despite its flaws was still really good. The only thing I could see being a problem would be the game being overly rushed and lacking in content, but it's hard to get away with Prime Hunters levels of rushed these days. With the massive jump in power from the Wii, it should be able to do some new stuff. Hopefully, at the very least, we get a larger world. 3 probably had the largest world so far, but each individual area was so small that it just didn't feel like it. If they can give us a world larger than corruption, that actually feels as big as it is, that would make the game pretty great. In the end though, it's all a toss up until we actually see some gameplay.
Probably both. If you're playing it on a phone emulator though then fuck yes it's hard. The first time I beat it was on a phone emulator too, and it was why I consider it the hardest Metroid game. If you're using the android one everyone ends up using though, you should be able to add an R+B button when you customize controls. That lets you fire missiles with one button, and being able to do that makes things a hell of a lot easier. Also if you know what volume you want the game to be at and set it before playing, you can set your volume buttons as a makeshift L and R so you don't have to awkwardly try and hold down L while moving and firing.
I see a lot of these, but this is probably the coolest one so far.
We know Sylux is going to be the main villain of the next game, and this would actually be a really cool and unique way of introducing him. Selling his services as both a mercenary and an easy source of Metroids to a now infighting group of space pirates. It would make him feel less generic, less like just a Dark Samus clone taking over the pirates again or something. The game probably won't take place after Metroid 2 though. It's a direct sequel to the other Prime games and there's not really a place in the timeline where it could fit besides between Metroid 1 and 2. I hope they do some unique stuff with beams, there's a lot of potential for what they could do. A beam that fires homing shots, and when you charge it up fires a short rapid-fire burst of those homing shots. A laser that instantly hits whatever you're firing at instead of firing a projectile, and when charged up fires a sustained shot that hits multiple enemies if you turn your camera while firing it. A Shotgun or Spazer type beam that fires a burst of shots, and fires one big wide wave instead when you charge it. There's genuinely a lot of different possibilities and things they've never done, so I hope we don't just get Ice, Wave, and Plasma again. Also it might be a bit divisive, but I'd want them to bring beam ammo back. But make it actually matter this time, instead of basically doing nothing. Do something like the new Doom in terms of balancing. Give the weakest beams more ammo and the strongest less, have the enemies drop ammo, and most importantly *don't make it so you have to waste another beam's ammo to get more ammo.* This would work out better than just always having the next beam you get automatically be the best one, which defeats the point of having separate beams in the first place. Also that Sonar Visor has already been done, it's basically what the Echo Visor is.
I gave three examples because Prime 1 and 2 both have three beams aside from the Power Beam. It was mostly because they were re-using the engine, and also partially a limitation of the controller since you swap beams with the C stick, but I wouldn't be surprised if they did it again. The game shouldn't be open world, since it goes counter to what the series is about. You just can't have the same kind of world structure in a full on open world game.
Prime 2's world design basically revolves around a hub, and I could see them going with that again. If they do beam ammo again then there's beam ammo expansions to add more variety and reward to exploration. Especially if the expansions are for individual beams, not for everything like in Prime 2.
This looks really cool, but the visor and beam switching stuff seems really awkward. I think I'm just going to keep waiting on URDE.
There's actually two main issues with an open world Metroid game. The first is that open world doesn't mesh well with Metroidvania as a genre. And the second is that it doesn't lend itself particularly well to the Metroid series either, even separated from the Metroidvania genre. ^^^^` The reason open world doesn't work with Metroidvania well is that they're fundamentally opposite concepts. Open world is about true freedom, the fun of it comes from being able to explore anywhere you want right off the bat. You're not limited by artificial barriers most of the time, but by your equipment or level. You could go to those areas, but you'll get completely destroyed by the enemies there. This is usually the case even in segmented open world games like the Borderlands series. In open world games, you don't need to find a *specific* item to progress and you're not getting a new ability either most of the time. Metroidvanias aren't that. They're about giving you the *illusion* of freedom while in reality secretly railroading you, because any other path you follow that isn't the main one will lead to a dead end. Sometimes the dead ends are also progression gates that require you to backtrack. Go back and find a specific upgrade to gain a new ability that lets you pass through them. So they're a giant convoluted maze, essentially, that pretends it's giving you full freedom to explore. This is the case even in the most non-linear Metroidvanias like Hollow Knight. Despite having various different paths that allow you to progress, they all funnel you to the same item and same progression gates. This is the big thing with Dark Souls as well. The world itself is laid out like a Metroidvania, but it *plays* like an open world game. There aren't any real progression gates, and progression is instead based on your level, your skill, and your equipment. ^^^^` The reason open world wouldn't work well with the Metroid series isn't just that it would break the world design though. You also have to consider what makes the exploration in an open world game fun. The main part is finding new stuff. Dungeons to go through, better equipment, stronger enemies, useful items, etc. Reasons to explore, and stuff that allows you to explore the areas you couldn't get to before as well. Almost every open world game has a leveling system as well, so part of the fun is in fully leveling your character to make an overpowered monster too. And of course, side quests. They basically boil down to challenges with a reward in the long run, but they're a big part of why open world games are fun. Zelda had a lot of these elements beforehand. An inventory system with expendable items, equippable armor, usable items, etc. It was also a series about exploring and going through dungeons from the very beginning, and its had sidequests for a long time. All they had to do was slightly adapt the gameplay elements of the series, because the basis was already there. A new weapons system that made you start off with weak almost useless weapons at the beginning and allowed you to get stronger ones by going after stronger enemies. A crafting system for health and potions instead of just finding it. Swapping out heart pieces for "spirit orbs" as a dungeon reward, that allow you to choose between health or stamina. Very minor changes in the long run, and all in all it made the transition to open world smoothly. Look at Metroid by comparison now. Every upgrade in Metroid is permanent and serves a specific purpose. There is no inventory system or usable items to along with it. The only items are the expansions. There are no NPCs and there isn't any kind of sidequest system outside of optional puzzles or challenges to get an expansion. Metroid doesn't have those base open world elements, and it would probably be worse off if they tried to shoehorn them in. Trying to make an open world Metroid game would only end up with either a very mediocre and empty open world game, or a Metroid game that feels nothing like Metroid when all people want is a normal Metroid game. Plus removing the rooms system and making the game full-on open world means they can no longer restrict your progression with progression gates outside of just having big "You can't go here or you'll die" fields until you get a specific suit. That's all without mentioning the fact that making the game open world means it's impossible for it to hit 60 FPS on the Switch. The rooms are part of the optimization, and it's what let them make the original games look as good as they did.
Me too, man. Me too.
Hard to sell something everyone hates.
One is normal and one is dark. I'm not even kidding, that's how you tell them apart when scanning them.
I didn't realize they were baked in the second picture and kept trying to work out how in the fuck a 24 count bag ended up with 12 cookies.
Gotta say, not the kind of mold I was expecting considering the subreddit.
I don't see the problem, that is a perfectly fine looking dried mushroom. ^^^^/s
Wow that needs more posts.
It's called asshole design.
&gt; 1,400 game Steam library That's a few too many humble bundles, holy shit.
Less asshole design and more asshole luck.
I mean, to be expected from what's essentially a compressed bar of dried apricot.
Asking for money in any form for a fan-game takes it straight from legal grey area to outright illegal. It's a shame Nintendo isn't more receptive to their fanbase though. Sega just released the best sonic game in years by hiring a group of fan-game developers.
Prime 2. I'm a sucker for horror stuff, and Metroid being inspired by a horror series in the first place has always felt like it needs more of it to me. Prime 2 is the most outright horror themed game in the series, maybe more so than Fusion. Plus, design-wise, it's always been the most unique in the series to me. The bleak dying world, with the little bit of life left being excessively hostile. The weird luminoth technology that's like nothing else in any of the other games, filled with lots of gears and being powered mostly by light. The dark world covered with weird organic growths, an oppressive tone, and being genuinely deadly by being very hard to traverse. All this and it's the hardest game in the series. It genuinely makes me love the game.
Having it work like the 2D games would be fine, but given that the Prime series mostly takes place in close quarters with small cramped rooms... It would really only work in rooms specifically laid out for it. Personally, I think that would be fine. That's how the screw attack works and I don't really have a problem with that. But in the 2D games, a lot of the focus with speedbooster is breaking through walls and killing enemies you ram into. I don't feel like this works as well in 3D. It'd probably be better if they shifted the focus to the jumps. Crossing impossibly large gaps that weren't possible to do in the older Prime games, gaps that you wouldn't be able to get across even with the screw attack. Using the shinespark to get to the top of a massive vertical shaft, something along the lines of the Frozen Pike, Root Cave, or the other giant cylinder rooms from Prime 1. Maybe even forcing the player to shinespark up an elevator shaft that has a broken elevator. Less useful in a general sense, you won't be using it unless the game tells you to most of the time, but it allows for some genuinely cool moments and stops it from ending up really boring as an ability.
Definitely check out Environmental Station Alpha, it's more Metroid inspired than Axiom Verge is. Also Hollow Knight, which is potentially one of the best Metroidvanias to date. It did some pretty crazy stuff with it's level design.
Isn't the final Dark Samus form from Echoes technically the weakest? Like the "shit, I'm basically almost dead. Let my pull out all the stops" form?
Metroid 1 literally already has that, that's what Zero Mission is.
Sort of a situation where it's a little shitty if it *isn't* a 2019 game, really. If it ends up being a 2020 game, they just outright announced it way too soon. Even *Fire Emblem* was only like two years off from it's announcement, and that's already a ridiculous wait.
I mean, it is on steam. Just not the original version. It got enhanced and ported to steam similar to Cave Story. I've only ever played the steam version, but from what I've read here the general consensus is that the original isn't worth playing if you have the steam version.
I feel like super speed abilities aren't really done well that often, and either end up feeling bad or being boring. Usually it's just a time slowdown. They did that in Samus Returns instead of a speedbooster, and it just wasn't as interesting. I think an ability that can't be used as often but actually gives you a sense of speed would be more fun.
You're just describing a Metroidvania. A Metroidvania with multiple paths is not an open world game. It's just a Metroidvania with multiple paths. It's still a linear maze that *pretends* to be non-linear with alternative paths, even though all of those paths either lead to a dead end or to the same area as the "main" path. That's what Hollow Knight shows off in practice pretty well. There's around ***five*** different paths through the game that you can take, and on top of that they're all interconnected. You could play the game over and over and still not end up going the exact same route you did last time. But you'll still always hit the same roadblocks. The Mantis claw, Desolate Dive, the Monarch wings. You either end up at these items, or you end up at a dead end. Dark Souls is *not* a Metroidvania with multiple paths, it's an open world game. Half the time, the only thing stopping you from going into a harder area is *the fact that it's hard.* If you have good enough gear, or if you're just good enough at the game, you can keep pressing on without really caring. There is no real set order. When you are blocked off, it's because you need to activate a switch or find a key to open a door. Which isn't the same thing as an upgrade. A switch will open one door, an upgrade opens that door and every single other one like it. All while also giving you an ability that fundamentally changes how you play the game. Like the Morph Ball. EDIT: The problem with this idea is that it's just a Metroid game, but without doors. There's no benefit to doing this. It's going to play exactly like the other games in the series, but with all the downsides of making an open world game because it needs to have a whole large segment of the world rendered in all at once. * Lower FPS. At best, the game would be 30 FPS. * Less creativity in level design, because it all needs to be loaded in at once. No crazy floating fortresses like Sanctuary, probably no underground areas at all, and no real separation between areas because you would be walking to them rather than * Less map detail because the system won't be able to handle it. No crazy giant statues that move to reveal a hidden door, no massive trees overtaking an entire cavern, less puzzles... * *Because* there's less map detail, there's also less variety with upgrades and puzzles. The main ones would be varia suit to protect from hot areas, morph ball to get into small crevices, and movement upgrades to jump higher or get across large gaps. BotW's limitations with the map, the reason there's a lot of just empty grass areas, isn't because of the size of the map. It's because of how much of the map is loaded in at once. It's an unavoidable issue with open world games.
The chronological order goes Zero Mission, the Prime series, Samus Returns, Super Metroid, Other M, Metroid Fusion. The Prime series order is Prime 1, Hunters, Prime 2, Prime 3, Federation Force. Since the Prime series is its own separate sub-story, you don't necessarily need to play it between Zero Mission and Samus Returns. You could play it before any of the 2D games, or after all of them, and get roughly the same story experience. But for reference, it does take place between the first two games chronologically. As for the best gameplay experience... For the Prime series, you'll want to play that in Chronological order. The stories are all somewhat interconnected. At least, for the main trilogy. The spin-offs can be ignored for the most part. For the 2D games, if you care about the story then play chronologically. If not, then you'd probably want to play them in the order they released. Super, Fusion, Zero mission, and Samus Returns. You get a good sense of how the gameplay evolved as the series progressed, and you don't have to worry about getting used to Super's somewhat outdated controls after playing the two *newest* games in the series first with their significantly better ones. Hunters, Federation Force, and Other M aren't really worth going after if you don't have easy access to them already. Those are the games in the series that are generally agreed upon to range from mediocre to outright bad. Hunters was a great multiplayer game... But the multiplayer is gone now. And the singleplayer is the most rushed thing in the entire series. They tried to make up for all the content they cut, by re-using multiplayer assets, but in the end you're still fighting the same two bosses eight times. Federation Force is just boring. It's a sort of generic co-op shooter, that doesn't really feel like a Metroid game and doesn't really stand on it's own either. Other M is a mess. A bad control scheme, oversimplified gameplay as a result of that control scheme, poor writing, and it's essentially a rehash of Fusion but without all of the horror elements. But as a result of these flaws, you can find all of them for only a few dollars usually. They're just not really worth the effort if you have to specifically hunt them down.
They don't need to ruin the performance of the game to give it a little bit more freedom. You seem to be forgetting that Skyrim, BotW, and Dark Souls all run mediocre at best on the Switch. They struggle to maintain *30 FPS.* The Prime series is known for looking good and having almost impossible detail while still managing to run at 60 FPS. It's a series meant to show off what the system can really do. None of what you've mentioned requires the game to be open world. Most of it would be better off if the game *wasn't* open world, and didn't need to load in massive chunks of the world at a time. Because they have more freedom and creativity in the ways they can connect rooms, that way. Dark Souls has good level design, but it's not *Metroid* level design. With an open world, they can't do anything like the Spider Ball room in Prime 3, or multi-room morphball tunnel you use get to the Seeker Missile in Prime 2, with an open world game. They can't have massive floating cities like Elysium or Sanctuary. They can't really have a lot of morphball tunnels or spiderball tracks in the first palce. The Prime series is all about making use of the small details for puzzles and level design, and the big trade-off with open world games is *not* having small details like that. It isn't a good mix.
That's it, yeah.
AM2R plays like an updated Zero Mission. So I'd play it before Samus Returns. But in terms of difficulty, AM2R is by far the hardest. And with the extra Fusion difficulty in the fan updates, even more so. So maybe play it last.
Tanabe said he's done with Phazon, and honestly after *eight years* of the same concept I can understand why.
Prime 4 was the most pre-ordered game on Amazon for a good while. Reputation alone will sell this game, and the Prime series has a pretty big reputation behind it. All it needs to back it up is actually being a good game in the long run, which will probably be the case.
This game awakened a crippling fear of sea monsters that I was only barely aware I had.
It's Epic doing the deal, not the creators of Subnautica. They're trying to promote their new store.
I'm playing on freedom mode because the hunger and thirst mechanics seemed really annoying off of the videos I've watched. I think it was a good choice, I feel like. There's a *lot* to do in this game, and the hunger mechanics would've slowed it down to a crawl.
Worst case scenario, there's always lowspecgamer. Although in this case I think the game needs to be able to run in the first place...
I was looking for the floating island to get the multi-purpose room, and I followed a guide off YouTube wrong. I keep going forward only for this fucking glowing snake worm thing to swim out of the abyss and destroy my seamoth. I almost shat my pants...
They haven't done any major re-imaginings besides BotW. People always bring up Mario Odyssey, but the point of that game was to expand upon what had *already been done* with the series. Not make some major core change to the series.
It's not just the controls, the controls actually forced them to simplify the game. You move and dodge with the same button. You have to choose between aiming in first person, or *moving.* You automatically lock on to enemies when you walk towards them... There's no depth to it because it's not really possible to give a game a lot of depth while using a glorified NES controller.
It introduced new ideas but it's still a 3D collectathon platformer. The whole point was to *not* try something new and crazy like they spent the entire Wii U's lifespan failing to do, but instead to just go back and build on what worked. It was specifically trying to play more like Mario 64 and Sunshine, and they made a whole point to highlight that when they first showed it off. And besides that, I don't think it's Nintendo's goal to completely re-invent every single series they have. I think they're just trying to put more effort into listening to their fanbase, at least game-wise. People felt like 3D Zelda was getting stale, and we got BotW. People wanted a Mario game the felt more like the older 3D games, and we got Odyssey. Metroid doesn't need to be completely re-invented. It wasn't getting stale, it was slowly becoming less and less of what people wanted from the series. What it really needs the exact opposite, and that's why we're getting Prime 4.
Samus Returns has a post credits scene of him shedding his metal prosthetics.
It's just having round shoulders with the power suit and having smooth shoulders with the varia suit that make it look terrible to me, really... The cannon is fine and aside from that it's just a standard powersuit design. But god, those shoulders are awful.
One time I want to make a fake map and say "stuck in this area," then see how long it takes people to realize.
Between AM2R, Zero Mission, Fusion, and Super, there's probably enough people who don't really know all four maps well enough to fool someone. Especially with a vague title that doesn't outright state which game it is.
Despite your intention, the original Metroid 2 just isn't that good. It's definitely not unplayably bad like NES Metroid, but there's a *reason* it had two remakes... Plus if you want to play it in color, I don't think there's any official way besides the SNES thing. You'd need to emulate it.
I'm not sure what genre you'd put in Rain world in, honestly. It's not a Metroidvania since there's no upgrades or progression gating. It's not really a survival game since you don't build bases or farm food. (Actually, one of the core game mechanics is forcing you to move on in the world and the story by not having food respawn at all.) It's not an open world game since that term doesn't really apply to 2D games... But it is fun. It's honestly a really cool game if you like exploring and stuff with more laid back narratives. Plus the enemies can just be freaky. EDIT: Also can't forget the amazing art style. It's part of what makes exploration fun in the game, I think.
AM2R is a PC game, so it's really just a matter of hooking your computer up to your TV. Since you'd probably be using a controller, you don't really need to worry about finding a place to put the mouse and keyboard either. For Samus Returns, there's ways to display the 3DS's screen on your TV but it requires you to either hack it or buy an expensive capture card. The 3DS is only 240P anyways, so it'd probably look better on the smaller screen.
I can't agree with that. It's not better than either of the remakes... In some aspects, it's worse than NES Metroid. Without color, everything looks excessively samey. At times it's more confusing to get around than NEStroid's *copy and pasted rooms.* The bosses just aren't fun, Metroids basically just fly at you while you spam missiles into them and Arachnus just sort of bounces around awkwardly while you spam bombs. The music was atmospheric and cool as a concept, but it didn't age well and it sounds god awful. And finally, you still don't have stacking beams either. You have to go back and find the other one you need. AM2R remakes the game faithfully enough to get mostly the same experience as the original without sacrificing basic stuff like stacking beams, decent looking graphics, and having music that isn't ear grating. SR isn't very faithful to the original, but unlike the original it's an actually fun game. And it does something new with the series. The fact that it's so different from the original is a good thing in the long run as well, coming right off the heels of AM2R. It's feels different enough to stand on it's own feet without being overly compared. The original just hasn't aged well. I don't feel like there's a reason to go back to it.
If by newer you mean like... 2010. I think being a sandbox game with base building has been a requirement of the survival genre for a long time. Just having a hunger mechanic doesn't really make it survival, on it's own. You could argue it's the same kind of survival as survival horror, rationing resources and staying on your toes, but then that's not really the same thing as the survival genre.
They sacrificed too much to go for a core theme that it missed the mark on. The bosses aren't scary, or anxiety inducing. They're not even particularly difficult either... They're just tedious. That doesn't really capture the feeling of "Oh god, I'm committing genocide." And it's also not a very fun game mechanic. The idea of the atmosphere was pretty unique, but in practice it's just annoying bleeps or silence instead of music. The entire game was cool as a concept, but going for something *years* ahead of its time. They didn't have the technology on the *original gameboy* to do something like that. And so the game just isn't very good. AM2R does its best to recreate Metroid 2 faithfully, and actually makes the Metroids scary. They're *very* difficult, especially on the higher difficulties, and on your first run you have no idea which room they're going to be in. It actually builds tension now, because like the original you never know when you're going to encounter one. But *unlike* the original, you know the fight is actually going to be challenging. Not just spamming missiles into a sprite flying directly towards you. It also adds some basic Metroid elements to make the game *actually fun,* like a map and real music, and I can't agree the atmosphere is worse off for it. SR doesn't really try to go for the same feel at all, but the game is actually fun to play. Which is the point of being a game. I'd rather the game sacrifice atmosphere for good gameplay than the other way around. It would have been disappointing on it's own, but we also still got AM2R for a more faithful take on the game. So I can accept it.
Dual stick with optional gyro aim would probably work best. It works in both docked and handheld, and it's probably the best way of adapting the trilogy controls. But hopefully they have options. There should be, at the very least, an option for classic style controls in the first two games. Same goes for Prime 4, really. It should have multiple control schemes. One control scheme a lot of people want that isn't really an option for the Switch though is pointer aiming like in the original release. It'd be nice to have it back as an optional control scheme if it were feasible, but gyro isn't the same thing as an IR pointer. Emulated pointer controls are pretty shit because of the drift, and not really being able to tell which part of the controller is the front. The Tomorrow Corporation games try to make a solid attempt at emulating it, but even they couldn't really make it feel good. And that's just for slow paced games like World of Goo and Little Inferno. So imagine what it'd be like an FPS...
The problem with sequence breaking in Prime 1 and 2, and the reason it got patched out, is that it actually broke the game a lot of the time. Getting permanently stuck outside the map, not being able to beat a boss with the weapons you have now, etc. For example, the missiles and charge beam don't work against the Hive Totem. They weren't really seen as sequence breaks, like the 2D games. Just as bugs. Plus, because 90% of the tricks are ridiculously hard anyways outside of the one space jump trick from Prime 1. A vast majority of it is just going out of bounds and then finding a way to get back inside the world. So it's only something speedrunners would do often anyways. That probably just doesn't seem worth the effort to them, including two versions of the games and having to modifiy the control scheme for both. What they should really do is have some *intentional* sequence breaking, in Prime 4. Make the game a little less linear with more replay value.
It can't, since the sensor is what needs to be on the TV for pointer controls. That's what the sensor bar is on the Wii. But even if it could, that would mean holding the joycon *upside down* to get it to work...
Splatoon 2's gyro is kind of awful. If disables an axis of the right stick for no reason. Gyro would work better if it were like BotW's.
Bigger, better, harder. Samus Returns laid the basis for some cool stuff in future 2D games, the game was absolutely massive as well. It was way too linear, but that's more on the fact that it was remake of Metroid 2 than on the game itself. Improve on that, maybe take some inspiration from indie Metroidvanias with all of the innovation they've made to the genre, and that would be an amazing game.
I thought Tim Allen was the president of Home Depot.
Pointer aiming also isn't possible on the Switch unless you want a floaty impossible to aim cursor, there's no IR sensor. Dual stick with gyro is probably better anyways. Stick for large imprecise camera movement, and gyro for fine tuning. It's almost as good as mouse and keyboard, more so than WiiMote pointer aiming.
The obvious change is the control scheme, but that's inevitable anyways most likely. Honestly the game probably needs to avoid making major changes though. People want more Metroid Prime because they like Metroid Prime. It should be that, but bigger and better. I'd personally like them to double down on the horror elements again like they did in Prime 2, but that's just a personal preference. Not really some pressing issue with the series.
I feel like the games would be a lot shorter. Personally, I want to see it come back but with a better design. Something along the lines of Prime 3, only requiring some of the artifact things, but instead of making the rest lead to more missiles expansions they should actually give some cool reward. Maybe a really powerful beam combo.
I thought that game was already confirmed for January. EDIT: Oh, the original comment said *by* march, not in march.
I mean it's supposed to come out in "spring." That could easily be March.
It had a full gameplay trailer, and that's also *exactly* what they would do. They had more important things to highlight this year, since they were releasing their two biggest franchises within a month of each other. So it wouldn't have made much sense for them to put out much more than the E3 trailer this year. On top of the fact that they announce and reveal games six to nine months off from their release date, it was also originally a 2018 title in the first place. It's not likely that it got delayed more than six months off from its original release date. It makes more sense for it to be an earlier spring game than a later one, and if Yoshi is coming out in April then it's probably a March game.
PokeMon didn't even get a reveal, they just said they're going to make future titles on the Switch instead of the 3DS. It doesn't even compare to what they've done with any other series, because PokeMon is the only one popular enough that they needed to do it. Fire Emblem got direct confirmation that a game was *already in development* for the Switch, and they even said it would come out in 2018. It ended up getting slightly delayed past 2018, but that's still a hell of a lot more than what PokeMon got.
They literally didn't even say a game was in development, just that they were "working on the series for Switch." They were intentionally as vague as possible because they didn't know what was going to happen yet.
Two months is more than enough time to release a big trailer showing off the game, if they have a Direct in January again, and Fire Emblem already had more marketing than almost every other 2019 game so far. It had a two minute long trailer, *more than half of which* was gameplay. It was also one of the only two 2019 games to have a full gameplay reveal. The other was the Yoshi game, which is *also* releasing early next year if this is true. They didn't show it off much past E3 for the same reason they didn't focus on 2019 games as a whole this year, to the point where even *the Game Awards* didn't have anything to show off for next year. The two biggest franchises Nintendo owns released within a month of each other. That was the main focus, beyond anything else, especially since they both release during the *holiday season.* They didn't want to take the spotlight off of that right before the biggest sales period of the year Finally, it's already unlikely in the first place that a game originally slated for 2018 got delayed *half a year* past its original release date to some time in may. And that's being generous, assuming the game was originally meant for December. But late may? *June?* That's ***seven months*** past when it was originally going to release. That's a ridiculously long delay, and outright unrealistic.
It depends on what you're paying. You can find copies for literally one dollar, and I think any game is worth that price. The game itself really isn't that great though. It's a third person shooter you play with only a sideways WiiMote. Two buttons and a D-pad... It's about as bad as it sounds. It tries to have in-depth action-y bayonetta style combat, but dodge and move are the *same button.* All in all, it's a mess.
Zelda's second delay was specifically to make a Switch launch title, not because it was required. The first was because it was the first time Nintendo had ever done an open world game. The new Fire Emblem isn't exactly something revolutionary for the company, even if it turns out being something big and new for the series. In the end it's still just a strategy RPG. It's unrealistic to expect a delay lasting seven months *or longer.* Also they've *already done something similar* back in 2017, with Metroid Samus Returns. That game got ***announced*** a month before it released with only a two minute trailer. They marketed it heavily during that time, with several different trailers including a launch trailer. It ended up selling pretty well, considering it was on the *3DS* after the Switch launch, and it even outsold the Fire Emblem game that released several months before it. They have almost three times the amount of time to market Fire Emblem if the game releases in March, and the possibility of *yet another* big Direct in January where they can show it off to a large number of people. You have no idea what you're talking about.
You're basically in the final stretch.
I always felt a bit cheated that the Dark Beam *didn't* overload dark creatures. Imagine if it made they took more damage while overloaded, but they also got stronger and faster. Could've been cool.
It's unrealistic to expect a delay because it's not a big game, *gameplay-wise.* Sales do not matter here. It doesn't matter how big of an "IP" it is, it doesn't magically make the game take longer to develop. Persona 5 and Kingdom Hearts 3 are by far the worst possible examples you could've given to support your point as well. They're both made by companies that are notorious for constantly delaying games. Look at Shin Megami Tensei 5, announced in *January 2017* without even so much as a second teaser since. Nintendo doesn't even show off games until they're a couple months away from release most of the time, and the one game that had a major delay remotely similar to those games was BotW. Potentially one of the *biggest* games they've ever made. Finally, Samus Returns wasn't even close to a remaster. It was a ground up remake that doesn't even play similarly to the original title that came out almost *thirty years ago.* Again, you have no idea what you're talking about.
Why? There's no point to disabling it, and it means gyro is forced to *always* be on. Which makes the drift worse.
I don't know if it's the case here, but a lot of indie games get timed exclusivity in exchange for help with funding. Axiom Verge, for example, was a timed PS4 exclusive for a few months
This, basically. The Dark Souls games aren't really Metroidvanias, even though they take some obvious cues from Castlevania. You don't really get any new abilities.
I mean, there's a whole subset of Metroidvanias focused on "flying" characters with no platforming whatsoever. Insanely Twisted Shadow Planet, Song of the Deep, Aquatic Adventures of the Last Human, Forma.8, Aquaria, etc. These games are all considered Metroidvanias, and they all play like one for the most part too. I don't think platforming elements are necessary, it's more about the world design.
Those two things are literally the point of the genre. They're arguably the most important aspects, aside from the world being designed like a maze. It makes complete sense to call a 3D game a Metroidvania if it's *still following that type of design.* The problem is the term being used on games that *don't* have upgrades of backtracking, like Dead Cells.
I learned the hard way that it's not a good idea to split an already small community in two. 2D purists can think whatever they want, but the majority opinion both off and on this subreddit is that Metroidvanias can be done in 3D. So it should just be left at that. Maybe, in another world where the Prime games never existed, it might be different. But it's already been shown how easy it is for the genre to work just as well in 3D as it does in 2D. I don't even understand why it's an argument anymore.
Accidently aiming up a bit isn't a problem if gyro isn't constantly on, and constant gyro is an issue in general is an issue in general. It's just uncomfortable for one thing, because you can't shift your hand position and you can't mess with the stick too much without being *forced* to shift hand position and course correct... Drift is also always going to be an issue because that's more on hardware than software. Perfect driftless gyro is significantly more expensive than the $80 the JoyCons cost. I'd guess it's probably one of the big reasons why even the cheapest VR headsets cost several hundred dollars. BotW solves the drift and uncomfortable positioning issue by only having it on while aiming with the bow or tools. While just walking around, gyro is off. Prime 4 can solve this by doing what Federation Force force did, and replacing the free aim button with a gyro aim button. When you need to more accurately position your camera with gyro, you just hold down ZR. Lock-on means you don't need to constantly be accurate like Doom, and having it on the right trigger would feel natural because it's what Prime has *always* done.
How would it be confusing when it's what the Prime series has done since Prime 3? Dual stick aiming and lock-on is pretty much what we should expect from the game. Constant gyro means being *completely* unable to shift hand position. That's really bad for handheld mode or split joycons especially, where you're not going to just sit in the same position constantly for a long time. I think only having gyro activated when you need it, by holding down a button, is more comfortable than always having it on and needing to recenter every time you move your hands a little bit or sit in a different position. Also no offense but I think you're just bad with sticks if you consistently accidentally press the wrong direction with it. Especially with the pro controller, not the smaller JoyCon sticks.
Ability based progress gates are a necessity for the genre, but that doesn't necessarily require movement based abilities to be done. A weapon that doubles as a key counts to me, like the beams and beam doors in the Prime games. Because it's still making you actually use your ability to open the door. An ability that can be used for more than just opening that door, and isn't just a glorified key. And you can also go back and use that ability to open any other doors like it that you've seen throughout the game. It's the embodiment of Metroidvania upgrades. Another example could be an ability that lets you take over other creatures. To get into smaller areas, or to open doors that are locked from the other side, or stuff along those lines. I don't think it would be even a remotely common thing, you'd probably have to go out of your way to make a Metroidvania without platforming for it to even exist, but I don't think platforming is necessarily a requirement for the genre. There's Scorn, for example, which is apparently going to involve some metroidvania-like elements according to it's steam page. But that game won't even have jumping.
Why would you ever need to use gyro and lock-on at the same time to begin with? It's also not even remotely confusing either, they're two separate buttons that do two *entirely* different actions. You don't shift hand position because you use the *Pro Controller,* an expensive controller that doesn't even come with the console, while docked. Nintendo's run multiple polls that've shown that the dock is used significantly less often than handheld mode. Also the same goes for what I'm arguing here. It would be more comfortable using only using gyro when I actually need it rather than having to sit in the exact same position constantly for what could be several hours just to not be aiming straight up in the air if I decide to lie on my back while using the Switch or something. And because the vertical axis on the right joystick would be disabled, I couldn't even fix it and look back down either.
They would call it one, that's what the Metroid Prime games are. Movement based abilities are not the only way to do Metroidvania upgrades and gates, they're just the most generic way of doing it. And it does take more than just the ability gates to be a Metroidvania, a majority of it is in the world design. A big maze-like world filled with dead ends, utilizing ability gates to prevent you from essentially just hugging the right wall until you get through it. Dark Souls isn't a Metroidvania because it doesn't really do this. You don't get new abilities and you there are no rel ability gates. But none of this is because you can't *jump.* We don't know if Scorn is a Metroidvania or not. We've seen less than ten minutes of gameplay. But between the description, and the little bit of gameplay we've seen, it at least seems *inspired* by the Metroid Prime series. If there are no real upgrades, and all you need to open doors is more freaky looking keys like in the gameplay teaser, then it's not a Metroidvania. If the game ends up being pretty linear, with not much exploration or reason to explore, then it's not a Metroidvania. But if it does have real upgrades and a less linear world, than it *is* a Metroidvania. The Metroid Prime games are Metroidvanias, if the Scorn plays *that* similarly to them then it is too.
&gt;It would be confusing if you have a button that you need to hold in order to gyro aim AND have also a button to lock on Which implies the're either similar enough for people to confuse them as the same thing, or they're going to be used simultaneously. That's not even close to the truth. Did people confusing the lock-on button and the aim button in the first Prime games? And why bring it up at all? Also, I'm trying to point out how the control scheme is less accessible in general. Splatoon arbitrarily disables the vertical axis on the right stick, despite this being a *negative* for most people. Even if accidentally looking upwards while turning is a problem for some people, it should still be optional for the same reason gyro as a whole. And constant gyro aim doesn't work very well either outside of *very* specific cases as well, like yours. It should also be optional as well, with the main option being something along the lines of what BotW and Resident Evil Revelations does. Only have it turned on when you *need* it turned on. Especially in a case like Prime 4, where they've already done similar control schemes in the past and it would be as simple as having a setting in the options menu to change it from that to something constant.
My argument is that this *doesn't* significantly broaden the genre. It just includes the rare few games that actually go for Metroid, Castlevania, or Metroid Prime inspired level design. The biggest part is the genre is and always has been the way the world is set up, and it's not a very common style of world design. Zelda, the 3D games at least, wouldn't be considered part of the genre because they're not mazes. The world design is, again, what excludes them. Just like Dark Souls. Not the lack of platforming elements, which are going to become part of the series in the future anyways if they continue with BotW's formula. 3D Zelda games are mostly linear, and the maze-like sections are mostly confined to the dungeons instead of the whole world being one massive labyrinth. I don't think you even need to backtrack to older dungeons in any of the 3D games either, although I haven't played all of them so I can't say for sure. I haven't played the new God of War yet, but from how it sounds and what I've read here... The only thing Metroidvania-ish about it is the ability to open some shortcuts back to older areas once you find a certain weapon. Backtracking is optional, never a requirement, and the shortcut thing is also the *only* ability you get. Which means the game is linear, not a Metroidvania maze. *That* should be the reason it's not considered part of the genre, not the lack of the ability to jump. --- Scorn's primary focus *is* on the exploration, we know that. The world being one massive maze is also something they intend to do. And what if it does turn out to have platforming in the final release, because the developers decide to add it in some time over the next year now that it's releasing in 2019? The game wouldn't even change significantly because of the addition. What should make or break Scorn being considered part of the genre is whether or not the game will actually have Metroidvania style upgrades instead of just keys. That's the important part of the gameplay, what actually makes it *feel* like a Metroidvania. There was a concept for the enemy possession ability I mentioned, for example. That could easily be a Metroidvania style ability if it's not something you start the game with, and it would let them lock off areas of the map until you get this ability. Platforming doesn't need to be part of it, if they have all the rest of the elements of the genre. Although, granted, not being able to jump in an FPS will feel weird regardless. --- Also, so what if they don't call it a Metroidvania themselves? I'd say half the games in the genre don't do that, either because the term wasn't big at the time they were made or because they're not an indie game and they don't want to chance using the word "Metroid" in their marketing. There's also plenty of games that do call themselves Metroidvanias, when they *aren't.* Dead Cells, for example, which doesn't have backtracking *or* Metroidvania style upgrades.
Downpour isn't a very scary game, sadly. It has an alright story, and it had the groundwork for a decent Silent Hill game, but the actual horror stuff was just... uninspired. And for a *Silent Hill* game? That was by far the most damning problem the game had. You fight enemies that are straight up just zombies, and the otherworld doesn't even have enemies. Just a glowy void thing. It actually had less enemy variety than the original game on the PS1. Silent Hill has always been about depressing stories, but Downpour's is by far the worst because you can see all of the missed potential with the game clear as day. All they needed was a good horror director.
I didn't think of this when I saw this post originally months ago, but there's always a chance that they still split the game into two chapters even if they're making it into one single game now. So we might still end up seeing the name they were going to use for the second part anyways.
Zero Mission is better for people new to the series. It's a remake of the first game and pretty much shows you what you can expect from the rest of the series. That being said, Fusion is nowhere near a bad game. It's hard, it's scary, and it's fun as hell. But it doesn't really play like the rest of the series, it's very linear with lots of cutscenes and dialogue. So it might not be the best choice for your first modern Metroid game.
Does this mean the real reason Ridley stole the baby Metroid was jealousy?
He actually did, there's sadly nothing behind the door. The enemy was intended to be in the game originally, but it got cut for time. Never even had a model made.
Prime 2's multiplayer was fun, it's just you ran out of stuff to do within ten minutes. There were two gamemodes and like, five maps. They could easily expand upon that and make it pretty fun. There were some good ideas in it. Lock-on was done in a pretty creative and fair way, where boosting away in morphball or dashing could break it. The powerups were cool, if a bit OP. The idea of having beams in the game actually working like they do in the singleplayer, freezing other players or lighting them on fire, was really cool. I think if they'd had more time to work on it, and especially if the GameCube had real online support, it could have been a really fun multiplayer. Hunters was better, with a lot more work put into it, but it was also more generic. It was just a standard FPS, aside from the morphball stuff (or whatever you'd call it for the other hunters), and that bled into the singleplayer as well with it also playing more like a generic FPS. Although that was mostly because the singleplayer was tacked on last second and re-used a lot of multiplayer assets. The game didn't really feel like Metroid, and I think it missed out on what a multiplayer *Metroid* PVP game could really be.
I don't know how I'd feel about this. Metroid's puzzles have always been *really* simple, they're not really the main focus of the games. Most of them pretty much boil down to "do this thing in a specific order to unlock a door." More complicated and unique puzzles could be fun, but at the same time I'd still want them to feel Metroid-y. Stuff like that one room in Phendrana where you scan a lore tablet to figure out which of the Chozo heads is breakable and how to break it. Portal and BotW both have pretty creative puzzles with open solutions, but they don't really feel like Metroid. They'd be out of place with the game's theme.
I'm sold. Of course it was a Christmas game. It was *always* a Christmas game.
You can clear basically any jump by just continuously bomb jumping.
You're missing the point if that's what you think I was trying to say. What you're describing is how the genre *already is.* There are games counted as part of the genre purely because of light inspiration or vaguely similar elements, and in general it's a mess. It's not a real genre, the way it is. What I said is that the *world design* should be the focus of the genre, because the world design is the only part of the genre that is 100% unique to it. Platforming, exploration, combat, collectibles, backtracking, upgrades, an inventory system, collectible weapons, leveling... These are all elements included in a variety of genres. A game can include *all* of these elements in a game and it still not be a Metroidvania. Look at Metroid Fusion and Cave Story, for example. The games people generally consider Metroidvania lite. Other games also use these elements from a variety of different sources and it doesn't mean they're Metroidvanias, even if they take some obvious inspiration. Like Dark Souls or God of War. Those are all elements that came before the genre, and they aren't remotely unique or defining. They're not part of what makes games in the genre feel the way they do. The world design, by contrast, is specific. It's clear cut. And most importantly, it's something particularly unlikely to show up with it being intentional. Even if it does, then it's an aspect representative enough of the genre that it wouldn't cause issues or start constant arguments over whether the game should still be considered a Metroidvania or not every single time the game is brought up. Doing this wouldn't broaden the genre at all, it would *narrow* it. And without discounting game developer's creative liberties --- On the topic of Dead Cells, [have you actually checked their steam page recently?](https://store.steampowered.com/app/588650/Dead_Cells/) &gt;Roguelite? Metroidvania? Roguevania! &gt;We'd now like to present for your consideration our RogueVania, the illegitimate child of a modern Roguelite (Rogue Legacy, Binding of Isaac, Enter the Gungeon, Spelunky, etc.) and an old-school MetroidVania (Castlevania: SotN and its ilk). And just a little below that... &gt;Interconnected levels and progressive unlocking of access to the island provides you with a real incentive to explore your surroundings. Add in a degree of evolution for your character and permanent weapon upgrades and you can see where Dead Cells borrows from the long line of MetroidVanias that precede it. It outright calls itself a Metroidvania, multiple times. The point of fusing genres is to keep the *defining* elements of both, while trying to make them work together and sacrificing anything unnecessary in the process. Dead cells made an attempt, but it did not do this. They sacrificed backtracking and a maze-like world. A game without that is not a Metroidvania, it's just a roguelike with castlevania inspired gameplay. Again, look at the "Metroidvania lite" examples. It would be different if it was a required sacrifice to make the fusion of genres work. But we have not one, but *two* games proving that it wasn't. That their game wouldn't fall under the term *they* coined. You don't need to sacrifice the maze or the real non-linearity for the sake of implementing permadeath and randomized worlds/items. Dead Cells is a great roguelike, but a mediocre experience for anyone looking for a Metroidvania. A lot of people led into it without prior knowledge end up disappointed in that respect even if they end up enjoying the game in the long run. Maybe I'm just jaded, because that's basically my situation. --- Also, that gives me an opportunity to bring up the terms Roguelike and Roguelite. These two are the prime examples of an absolute worst case scenario in poorly defined genres. It's also a really similar case to what's happening with Metroidvania, in a lot of ways. Nobody uses Roguelike in the way it's "intended" anymore, because if they did then it would be a meaningless term. It only applied specifically to clones of rogue. Ascii art, turn based, top down, etc. People were overly strict with what was needed for a game to be part of the genre, and they didn't even really capture the elements that made the game or the ones inspired by it feel the way it did. Which is why, for a time, it split off into two genres. Roguelike with an unchanged definition, and Roguelite which was basically the same thing but more lax. That's mostly resolved now though, with roguelike being the more commonly used term and the definition falling more in line with what roguelite was. The terms are basically interchangeable now. And overall, the genre's in good shape. We can avoid that mess happening again with Metroidvania by just giving it a definition that's more well defined but less overly strict.
Was multiplayer. The official servers are gone now though, and the only way to play it online is some weird workaround that I'm pretty sure you can only do on an actual DS. Not any of the 3DS line.
I wouldn't bother. The Singleplayer was *very* rushed, more so than any other game in the series. You can actually feel how it becomes less of a cohesive and completed product the further you get into the game... If you're already having trouble with the controls, you won't exactly get more used to them the further in you go.
If Samus Returns hadn't existed, this wait would be pure hell. It's already the longest wait between announcement and reveal of any Switch game so far, over a year and a half already. I swear, even when something good happens to us, the Metroid curse still sticks around.
To be fair, those scores are reviewers. Not users. The user reviews might suck ass but they do reflect the general public's reception better than the normal score.
Honestly I wouldn't hold off. The Trilogy isn't likely to get ported any time before Prime 4 releases, if at all. If anything, the sales of Prime 4 would *decide* whether they port it or not.
Environmental Station Alpha
Honestly the flamethrower thing with the War Wasps was cool.
I mean that sounds alright, it's a good way to experience the whole series and not get burnt out on one style. But Super isn't next, Samus Returns or AM2R is.
How tall is Bowser?
Maybe if we're really unlucky.
If the pattern holds up then there's no January direct in 2020.
A Robot Named Fight deserves way more love than it got. It's like someone threw The Binding of Isaac and a Super Metroid randomizer into a blender with a sprinkle of Doom.
It's not a Metroidvania, it's a kind of survival game. So direct comparisons are kind of hard. Combat is significantly different. You're not fighting to fight, you're fighting to survive. You don't *need* to kill enemies, you'll probably just end up dying if you go out of your way to mess with them. You can't really melee attack either, you will get destroyed instantly. So most of the combat is throwing stuff like rocks or spears at the enemies. It's not really supposed to be fun, because the game isn't about fighting enemies. It's about avoiding them, and getting food so you can survive the night.
For Roguelikes... Its original definition is too strict to be a genre. It's not a genre if the only thing that applies are direct clones of the original inspiration. Developers don't define genres, the community does. So most of the time, developers are just trying to stick to the terms the community creates. With how touchy people were about what Roguelike means, it's better to just say something along the lines of "Roguelike inspired." Roguelite is just a term that means Roguelike inspired in the long run, it's not really its own genre or even subgenre. Which is why the term is dying out, because it's a little pointless in the long run. Roguelite games capture the core feeling of the genre, with different mechanics than would usually be used in the core genre. It gives more room for developers to experiment without people complaining and giving the game bad publicity because they did so. I do get wanting the exploration to feel the same, to capture what makes the genre feel like it does. But again, with Scorn as an example, I don't feel like they need a jumping mechanic outright to give us the same kind of experience. They don't have platforming, but they do have varying map height. Bridges you need to raise and lower to get to your destination, doors you can get around by jumping off a higher area's ledge, etc. Throw in Metroidvania style abilities, and that's a very similar experience to the Prime games. There's also Yoku's Island Express, which banks on being a Metroidvania without the ability to jump. You move from platform to platform with a different mechanic, and you can't really call it a platforming game. The flying Metroidvanias don't really have anything in the way of movement upgrades either, they go a different route and usually focus more on the weapons and destructable terrain. Maybe in the long run this just means the term "Metroidvania-lite" should be more commonly used, for games with less outright inspiration or games that take more creative liberties with the concept. But the whole Roguelike/Roguelite thing is just a *mess,* and I don't know if I want to deal with that in this genre too, Also, as one final point on Dead Cells, they *don't* use the phrase "inspired by" anywhere on their page. The claim is that it *is* a Metroidvania, and it *is* a Roguelike (not Roguellite, either), and that it's both at the same time. I get that they were inspired by both genres, and heavily inspired by Castlevania, but I still hate their steam page and the way they market the game. It's a little dishonest.
I mean his entire character is hating the Federation and hating Samus... He's kind of a one note character right now.
Kind of surprising to see 2D win out of 3D in terms of prefered playstyle, when Prime 1 and 2 both make up the majority of votes for favorite Metroid game.
It is about design philosophy, but we've been shown multiple times how it works in 3D. At its core, the Metroidvania genre is about the world being one massive singular maze filled with obstacles, and needing to find abilities in that maze that let you get around those obstacles. Non-linearity exists to a point, but the non-linearity is fake. You'll always be funneled to the same roadblocks, need to get the same upgrades, etc. Eventually you need to get them, or you can't beat the game. Even in games like Hollow Knight where the exact upgrade order isn't rigid and set in stone. God of War isn't a Metroidvania because it's not that. But the world design is a simple enough concept that it can easily be done in 3D, and it's been proven three times over with the Prime games already.
That's just not true. If it was the case then the open world genre as a whole wouldn't exist. That would also imply that there's only one obvious direction to go in the first place, which is more on the designer than on the people playing the game. If it feels like the game is linear when there's more than one path, and you're intended to take more than one path, it's just bad game design...
The Trilogy plays like a normal FPS with pointer controls, while the GameCube version was one of the last remnants of tank controls in FPS games. So if you're having trouble, definitely just move to the Trilogy.
Doom 2 is *literally* a clone, because it's a sequel. The same gameplay, an identical engine, and just a few new mechanics. FPS games were *literally* called "Doom Clones" at one point, because for a while they were. If they didn't actually run on the open source doom engine, then they ran on a very similar one with very similar gameplay. Now FPS genre is *the most widespread* genre. It encompasses a majority of all video games. Because it doesn't just include games that are literal clones of doom. For Metroid, half the abilities you listed aren't even in Metroid Prime. High jump, 2D style space jump, and freezing enemies to use as platforms are all not things the Prime series did. The extent of platforming in the 3D games is a double jump and invisible platforms, that's about it. Traversal mechanics and platforming are *not* the same thing, and they can be done in more than one way. The game *not being point and click* would probably be the only real baseline. &gt;If there are baseline mechanics for traversal and they are never added onto with powerups, that could still qualify given other means of utility-based exploration. That's exactly the point I made with Scorn. They could add a jump mechanic and the game would still play identically to how it was before. It doesn't make a difference. But having real Metroidvania style upgrades would decide whether or not the game feels like a Metroidvania, not the ability to jump. --- It's dishonest to say Metroidvania inspired in the first place. It's not, it's Castlevania inspired. Metroidvania inspired means that it's inspired by the mechanics of the genre, and that's a lie if it *doesn't include any mechanics of the genre.* The tagline for the whole "illegitimate child" section of their description is headed with this: &gt;Roguelite? Metroidvania? Roguevania! That makes the intention and the meaning of it very clear, and it's dishonest. Even more dishonest is the phrase "you can see where Dead Cells borrows from the long line of MetroidVanias that precede it." Like it's been taking notes from the entire genre, and isn't just using the word Metroidvania because they're too afraid of Konami to say it's inspired by *Castlevania.* Their marketing, at least on the steam page, is dishonest. They took some light inspiration from Castlevania and from the genre, but it's not the "illegitimate offspring" of both. The game doesn't play like a randomized Metroidvania, it plays like a roguelite with a Castlevania themed map screen.
A majority of people who voted on the poll are younger though, is the thing. There was an *eight year* gap between Super and Prime, and the Prime series sold significantly better. Even Fusion, releasing at the same time as Prime 1, only sold so-so. So even people in their mid-20s probably got into the series with Prime.
It'd be cool if it's intentional since he's supposed to have stolen it from the Federation. And obviously the writer/producer for the games is the same, so it could be. But at the same time, the games were made ten years apart by two different development studios with *vastly* different art direction. So... I don't know if the producer would have that much input on such a small detail.
I'm too tired to fully respond to a long post like this, but I'll asdress the parts that stood out at least. I'll make a longer post later. I haven't moved the goal posts, you just want to think I have. I said from the beginning that the steam page is dishonest. It has nothing to do with "how inspired" they are, it has to do with lying about the game's mechanics through implication. Dancing around the subject and name dropping the genre constantly throughout the page when it doesn't even have the two simple mechanics that define that genre. Of course players are going to tag it as a Metroidvania on steam, and spread it around in places where people discuss those games, when they *use the word Metroidvania five times in the description.* It's the textbook example of leaning on a genre because it's popular. Also Doom 2 is a clone. Clone does not literally mean the exact same game in this context, and you know it. Don't play dumb and pretend it does. Yes, it *is* hyperbole, that's the point. Calling the genre "Doom Clones" in the first place was hyperbole.
It does outright call itself a Metroidvania. You're the one trying to twist it into something that it's not. It says it's a Metroidvania and a Roguelite. Roguevania isn't a genre, it's just being both genres at the same time. Even if it's not saying it outright, *which it is,* it's still dishonest because they use the term several times and make a big point about how inspired they are by the genre when it *doesn't play like the genre whatsoever.* It's a shitty false way to market the game, and it shouldn't have been done the way it was.
No. You don't get to pull that shit. You don't get to twist the truth and cherry pick the wording of statements to make the intention seem less clear. You can bullshit for days about how it "never outright states it," but that's only true if you keep harping on the specific wording while ignoring the meaning. Even then, though, *even* excusing that and taking the wording at face value, that still ignores the fact that they use the term *five times* in the description. Eight, if you count the three times they use "Roguevania" on top of that. Also notice how people don't consistently label SotN as a Zeldalike when it's not? And how it doesn't go out of its way to *bait people* into labeling it as that, wearing its inspiration on its shoulder? The game takes some light inspiration from a bunch of different games, in a variety of genres. They make that very clear. Soulslikes, Roguelites, etc. But in the end it would be considered just another roguelite if not for the steam page. If it didn't *specifically* use the term Metroidvania, it wouldn't even have been brought up as part of the genre. *We would not be talking about it right now* if they didn't do that. The entire time you've been arguing that inspiration does not make it part of a genre, but you'll flip on that for this one specific game despite it being one of the only ones I've seen that blatantly does it *on purpose* to cash in on the popularity. Even with light inspiration, they shouldn't have been playing it up as the main focus of the game when you *can't even backtrack.* You know, the big defining element across even the games people mistakenly list as Metroidvanias like rain world? The one *single* element of the genre the people actually agree on throughout all of the constant arguing, and calling out games, and complaining. And this game doesn't have it. It's ***dishonest.*** And it's downright depressing, because the game itself is perfectly fine. I like the gameplay I've seen of it and I probably would've bought it if it wasn't so expensive. It was just this shitty marketing tactic that they should have never pulled, that gets under my skin.
You're the one treating it as a lie, when it's not. They do call it a Metroidvania, and even without the specific phrase they make the meaning of their words as clear as possible. Harping on the specific wording, the fact that they only say "Metroidvania inspired," does not change the meaning of that statement when you look the *rest of the page* for context. They never "promised" a full Metroidvania, but that's just legal jargon. A way of not getting in trouble for false advertising. This is *why* so many games use the term "inspired" instead of outright calling themselves a part of the genre. But the way it's presented, the amount of times they use the term, coining the term "Roguevania" which doesn't *necessarily* have to mean a full Metroidvania? That doesn't make it look any less intentional on their part.
The game is basically a reskinned Super Metroid randomizer, controls and all. But the enemy design and bosses are really cool, as well as a lot of the powerups.
[I fix it](https://i.imgur.com/ShXGtlN.png)
As far as I remember, that one's only specifically for the first Metroid you encounter in that glass tube. And it got cut from later versions of the game, just replaced with the normal Metroid scan.
"Should" is an entirely different question from "will." &amp;nbsp; Personally, I just can't say I'm fully satisfied with Prime 3's ending. There's still plotholes that feel like they weren't entirely resolved, and it just felt weak to have all Phazon magically disappear because one planet was destroyed. What about the other leviathan seeds? Phaze has been sending them out for centuries supposedly, but somehow there were only five in total. And Red Phazon was a cool idea that just got dropped after the first game, even though 3 centered entirely around Phazon again. We also only got a single Dark Samus fight in that entire game and it ended up being one of the more underwhelming fights. So I wouldn't mind seeing something more on Phazon just to feel like we got a bit more of a real resolution to it. &amp;nbsp; But we know that we *won't* see Phazon or Dark Samus again. The producer feels like he's done with that whole story arc, and he wants to move on. And you can't blame him really. He worked on the same story across three games for about a decade. He must have gotten at least a little bit bored with it, and wanted to move on. Sylux has been set up as the next main antagonist for the last two games now, and talked about in a ton of different interviews. For better or worse, he's pretty much guaranteed to be the next big villain in the Prime series.
This is obviously fake, but what they're trying to say is what if they found the screw before they boiled the ramen? You kinda have to open the package to put the water in.
There's no N64 inside of it, they got ripped off.
Even if it wasn't visibly obvious from the video, when was the last time you saw a public bathroom's trashcan just standing free for anyone to move around?
See, that's where I'm going to call bullshit. Most public places take at least basic precautions with their trashcans. Bathrooms and sidewalks bolt down the trashcans, and restaurants lock them behind those weird boxes with the flaps, to avoid massive messes. From people accidentally knocking the trashcans over, from trash just spilling out if they get too full, and in the most extreme cases from people intentionally throwing trash because they're shitty. You're almost never going to see a public trashcan that isn't secured in some way to make sure trash can go in without coming back out.
Being attached to the *wall* is not a normal thing, but being bolted down is. It definitely looks like it is stuck to the wall in this video though. Maybe an inch or two off the ground. And the fact that they try to keep the trash can and the paper towel dispenser together like that is exactly why it's not ridiculously unlikely that this is real. It's easy to imagine how someone would think, by a certain logic, "Oh, people are going to instinctively look towards the trash can when they need to dry their hands anyways. So let's put the hand dryer there." And they just didn't consider how strong a hand dryer actually is. It's already in an awkward position to begin with, being right above that railing and not leaving much space for your actual hands, so it's not like it's entirely out of the question that whoever set up the room could make that kind of mistake.
Now this is just a lie.
The sad thing is people post stuff like that here where it's spam, and take traction away from the subreddits actually dedicated to it. /r/metroidvania is almost a ghost town sometimes.
&gt;Super Sonic Acrobatic Rocket-Powered Battle Cars. I completely forgot about this game. Their awful naming ability singlehandedly stopped car soccer from being a big things years earlier.
Honestly a tough choice, I liked both a lot. If I had to pick though, I'd say Steamworld Dig 2 is a little more bang for your buck. It's longer and I feel like it's a bit more fun as an actual game. Iconoclasts is more linear and story focused, and overall kinda short.
This. ESA is the first game that comes to mind when I think of a coordinates system, although I didn't realize it existed until I looked up a guide to 100% the game. I think it's actually kind of a smart way of letting people keep track of stuff without having to implement a full-on waypoint system. Which I assume is probably kind of tough to do. It definitely doesn't work for a lot of games though, for example I can't see a way of making it work in a game like Hollow Knight that doesn't have a grid based map.
Ordering ramen at a restaurant and getting that would be the funniest shit. Also I just noticed that the noodles and carrots on the left are already cooked. So yeah, there's nothing remotely plausible about it.
the name
You don't need to do either of those, though. To "pirate" the now inaccessible WiiWare games, you just need to know how to use the Dolphin emulator. And emulation isn't getting more complicated at all, unlike the other two. It's only getting simpler moving forward. Before it took specific hardware, knowing how to set up weird settings that don't give a proper explanation as to what they do, downloading systems bios, and more. Now it's basically plug and play. Download the emulator, download the game, play. With the only extra effort you need to put in being if you want it to look nicer than it did on the original system.
&gt;E3 2008 Ouch. Thanks for that reminder.
Well Resetera is as much made up of randoms as Reddit is. I assume you'd want to pay attention to who's posting, not the site it's from. But then I guess you'd jut end up with the Twitter situation, treating everything someone says as gospel because they coincidentally got one leak right when all of their others have been wrong.
The title is revealed to be Animal Crossing 2019. But they dropped "Project" from it.
Which would have been better than setting an expectation for a long direct and instantly dashing it by ending the direct fifteen minutes in and spending the entire rest of the time on a single game. People wouldn't have been mad about a shorter direct. They *were* mad about that.
We're back, after an extended hiatus due to some pretty harsh scheduling issues. This episode might be the one we ended up putting the most effort into, and it's a lot less improv than normal for us. EDIT: Also don't forget to check out our official subreddit, /r/DarkRadio. In the future, we'll have some exclusive content there. I feel proud of how this one came out.
This is a really cool theory, and definitely could have been made into an overarching series plot if any effort had been made into keeping the series' story consistent. But there are some pretty massive holes in it. First, X-parasites copy things by killing them and absorbing their DNA. They can't do that for Metroids because Metroids absorb X-parasites and kill them off by nature. Their DNA alone kills the X parasites, which is how the vaccine in Fusion was made, and that means the X can't ever copy Metroids. &amp;nbsp; Second, according to the in-game logs in the Prime series, Metroid Prime started as a normal Metroid. The pirates experimented on it as a normal Metroid, which turned it into a Phazon Metroid. Which has the ability to go through walls. That's how it escaped the pirate facility, and how it got through the Chozo forcefield and into the leviathan core. *Then* it became Metroid Prime, mutating after feeding on the nearly endless supply of Phazon. And it stayed stuck there until the events of the game. The old GameCube version of the logs are pretty different. They say that the Metroid Prime came crashing down inside the meteor, and implied that it was responsible for Phazon's existence. But that was written before Prime 3's story was even thought of. Maybe even before anyone knew that the Chozo were supposed to have created Metroids in story lore. That's why pretty much *all* of it was retconned in the Trilogy. &amp;nbsp; Finally, and this one's really the dealbreaker, the rogue chozo aren't going to show up in Prime 4. Not for any in-game lore reason, but just because of how disjointed and uncooperative the two sides of the series are. Sakamoto wrote the rogue chozo idea, with the intention of using it in the next *main series* game. He has no involvement with the Prime series, outside of some cursory stuff with the very first one. Tanabe writes and produces the Prime series. He had no involvement in the rogue chozo idea, and has spent the past eleven years setting up Sylux as the main villain of the next game. Because of this lack of communication, the Prime series is relegated to its own section of the timeline only taking ideas from the games that both *released before* and *take place before* the current game in production. And the main series almost universally ignores the Prime series outside of the occasional reference, like with Proteus Ridley. If there wasn't this huge gap between the Prime series and the main series, we could see all kinds of interconnections and building upon each other's ideas. If they did a better job of that, and actually communicated with each other to understand the limits and bounds of the story, crazy theories like this could run rampant and actually have a chance of being *correct.* But with things as is, anything that ever crosses them over in a significant way doesn't have much of a chance of happening.
I mean, that depends. The original project was about two years in when it got scrapped. And we don't know what was done in that time, or what part of it actually ended up forcing them to scrap it in the first place. If they managed to salvage anything from that, like art assets, then that speeds things up a bit. Tanabe is also still working on the game through both projects. If *anything* got done in those first two years, it was the story. So things might go faster on that front too. If anything at all was salvaged, then six months is a decent amount of time for something like CG trailer. It honestly wouldn't be the most unlikely thing in the world. &amp;nbsp; But even if those both fall flat, Retro still uses the Prime engine for their games. Both Donkey Kong games used it, and it will more than likely be used again for Prime 4. At the end of the day, it's still a sequel being done by the people who have access to the exact same engine and code that powered the original three games. The game is probably still a ways off, but I think treating it like they're starting this project from complete scratch is the wrong way to go about it. They have a lot to work with, compared to the scrapped project. Especially if *Bandai Namco* of all companies was working on that one, when have they ever made a first person game? &amp;nbsp; EDIT: grammar
I honestly like this a lot. It makes all of the beams more unique and gives them a specific role. It builds on what Prime 1 kinda tried to do, in a way that feels natural. And I just really like the idea of bring back the ice missile, but as the beam combo for Ice Beam. Assuming Prime 4 doesn't go with the classic "right stick to change beams" thing that the first two games did, though, there's actually a decent chance that we could see *more* than 4 beams this time. Or even just beams that stack and modify the effects of all the others, stuff like the Spazer Beam or the Nova Beam. Also the Wavebuster in Prime 1 *did* continuously use up your missiles. But it didn't have a timer or a cooldown, it would just keep going until you ran out.
I like how this is ordered from most to least reasonable to mention in this context. Splatoon is fair. High seller that's well advertised. Xenoblade is pretty fair too. They showed off a decent amount of trailers for both the newest game and its DLC. Animal Crossing is getting it's first game in seven years, and we haven't seen or heard a single thing about it in the nine months since it's announcement. No one's even sure if it's still releasing this year, or it's getting delayed Fire emblem Style. And speaking of Fire Emblem... The only thing we've seen from it since its announcement in *january of 2017* was a five minute long trailer... that also announced it was getting a six month delay. It releases next month. Pikmin 4 was supposedly "finished with development..." in 2015. And since then it has disappeared off the face of the planet.
I mean I feel like the Prime games are always going to be the meatier experience. I can beat the 2D games in a single day, but if I go back to replay the Prime games then I'll be on one for about a week.
I mean "everyone in the Fallout 76 community" isn't exactly a wide margin. And besides, those two "gamechangers" were aimed specifically at people who *weren't* part of that community and were unhappy with how the game turned out. Too bad they completely missed the point. Bragging about how "nice" their community is and how nobody ever messes with each other, when the only reason that's the case is because there is ***almost zero player interaction.***
They're still a studio that has shown consistent quality in their work even with the newer teams, has a significant amount of the old Prime developers left, and still has and uses the same engine they used in the original Prime trilogy. They were pretty much the best choice to begin with, and they only reason they didn't start off developing the game is that they *didn't want to* at the time. But then they came forward with a tech demo for it.
It wasn't going to take four years from scratch, they were actually [aiming for three.](https://www.eurogamer.net/articles/2015-06-17-next-proper-metroid-prime-would-likely-now-be-on-nx) And now that it's not being done from scratch, we'll probably end up seeing this game somewhere around the end of next year or the start of 2021.
I wish. If I was playing the game, it would've meant that the game had been good enough to be worth playing. No, I've just seen enough of the game to know that it's not what it should have been. This is *Fallout.* There should have been factions and settlements, travelling caravans, raiding parties, gangs, wars. And since it's a multiplayer game, all of that should have been run by and made up of ***players.*** If they were going to remove the NPCs to bolster player interaction, then they should have *had the ability to interact with other players.* Give people the tools to *replace* the NPCs. At *worst,* this game should have been Rust with a Fallout flair. That wouldn't have been amazing, but it would've been fun. People could roleplay out some of the other stuff, and because it's fallout some people might have played along. &amp;nbsp; That's not what we got. We got a mediocre generic MMO where you party up with friends to fight NPC enemies and go through boring dungeons. The PVP and raiding system was so gimped that it basically has no point to it unless you just really dislike someone and want to dick with them. They didn't even have a *player run shop system* at launch. That had to be added in an update. That's the *bare minimum* of player interaction, and they didn't even get that right. And they are so tone deaf and unable to understand where they went wrong with this game that instead of adding more ways for players to interact and actually make the world feel like a fallout game, they're just adding NPCs back. And *party based questlines* along with them. To even further distance this game from it's potential, and turn it into even more of a generic co-op based MMO. Then to try and make up for their lost playerbase, they hopped on the dying trend that is battle royale in a desparate attempt to win some people back.
I think some time in 2021 is a reasonable estimate. A three year development cycle is what they were aiming for in the first place, with the scrapped project. And that scrapped project still counts as development time for this game too. Plenty of games get scrapped and restarted like this behind the scenes. Resident Evil 4 being one of the big examples, with one of its original builds turning into Devil may Cry. So a 2023 release would put it up to *seven* years in development. That just doesn't feel remotely realistic to me.
Right back at you.
Yeah, you kinda have to learn to stop doubting the depths people will go to make a dumb joke on the internet. Just look at loss.
That is unless they meant "a wild new meaning." EDIT: My hand had a stroke.
I'm gonna give it the benefit of the doubt and say this guy was just making a pun.
From what I read by googling it a couple years ago, it was basically something like this: A really bad (Or mediocre?) web comic series drops a really pretentious tasteless comic. To make fun of how that comic, and how substanceless it was, people redrew the comic except just using lines for the positions of the characters and nothing else. And then it caught on as a "gotcha" thing like the finger circles eventually, where people would hide it in all kinds of images, and it lost the original context. No pun intended.
I don't remember the name of the webcomic, just that it kinda pissed people off and that's why they were making fun of it.
/r/twentyseventhsub
Do *not* go down the ladder.
/r/lastsub Doing it real justice, as there is no sub 127 or beyond.
That sub was created for such a specific reason, lol
Everyone knows the most fun place to go on a skyscraper is the top floor. /r/onehundred26thsub
/r/onehundred13thsub
Two years ago, not last year.
It's really not, at all. Like not even remotely unrealistic. Two different people make the Prime series and the main series, which is why Samus Returns and the original Prime 4 project were in development simultaneously. Ports don't take a full development team to make, especially not for older games like the GBA ones. The plot of the next main series Metroid game was already teased in Samus Returns, and Sakamoto said he already had the go ahead to start working on it after the success of Samus Returns. There was plenty of stuff that *could* have been shown, we just didn't get anything.
It's a really boring shallow game with a terrible control scheme, and the only reason people even still talk about it is *because* it's a Metroid game. I'd say pass on it.
Couch co-op in an open world game sounds like it would kinda suck. Players would have to be somewhat nearby each other at all times.
Unfortunately
Considering you don't know much about this series' popularity, apparently, I don't think you're one to talk about expectations. You're just wrapped up in this fanbase's unfounded pessimism. Metroid is still a series that rarely sells under a million, even for its worst received game. It's a B-tier series. Pretending it's on the same level as the *actually* low sellers that Nintendo has, like Pikmin, is ridiculous. &amp;nbsp; Samus Returns wasn't a top 50 seller because it released long after the system was *already dead.* It was up there as the sixth best selling 3DS games of it's year, higher than the fire emblem release that came out a couple months beforehand, and Nintendo even pointed it out as selling fairly well. It would have sold significantly better if it had been produced and released a couple years earlier. &amp;nbsp; Corruption was released on the *Wii.* 6 of the top ten best selling Wii games were "Wii Sports" related. Mario Galaxy barely made it into the top ten at number 9. Zelda isn't in the top ten at all. Of the top 50 games, almost ***half*** of them sold roughly the same amount as Corruption. Somewhere in the ballpark of 2 million copies. It sold as well as an FPS on the Wii *could* sell. And if you want to make that argument, you also have to point out how Prime 1 sold 3 million copies on Nintendo's *second worst* selling console. &amp;nbsp; The Prime Trilogy was just speculation, but it's an easy port and the fourth game in the series isn't even that far off. Now with the studio that *made the original Trilogy* working on it. So it wasn't some wild expectation. The fact that it's been rumored non-stop since Prime 4's announcement should at the very least be a head's up to Nintendo that there's some pretty serious interest in the game. The sales for it on the Wii U shop spiked in 2017 alongside the pre-orders for Prime 4 topping the amazon best sellers list for games that year. Even now, it's still more likely that we *do* see it than that we don't. Just not this early on, when Prime 4 could still be a few years off. &amp;nbsp; Pessimism is all fine and dandy, but you can't just distort reality for the sake of it. This series is not Nintendo's worst seller. It's not so ridiculously unpopular or obscure that it can't even get a simple port. At the end of the day, the series has always sold well enough to make a profit and has always been one of their highest rated series. It's B-tier. EDIT: Also, yeah. Bullshit on them working on two games at a time being "wishful thinking." They worked on Fusion and Prime simultaneously after an eight year hiatus with the last game in the series only selling around a million copies. The series was in a state ten times worse than it will ever be from this point on, and it managed to have two games *release* simultaneously. Not even just get developed at the same time. That alone would be proof enough, even if they weren't literally working on two games at once just two years ago.
Probably Prime Pinball. Because it's really just... okay. The good games are all talked about for how good they are, and the bads ones are talked about for how bad they are. Pinball is neither, and it's a bit of a forgettable game too, so it just isn't talked about at all. Aside from the occasional joke.
That honor goes to Prime 2, my dude.
Just do another Hunters game except don't make it unplayably rushed this time. Multiple singleplayer campaigns with different characters could be cool.
Super Metroid was kind of a one and done for me, unlike the other 2D games. It's a great game with an awful control scheme, and that kind of sours going back to replay it.
Nah, but it's the only game in the series that's really "under represented." I think all of the others are talked about fairly often for their various reasons.
You're saying that because we already have a game in development, it means we wouldn't even get so much as a *port of the original trilogy* that the new game is a sequel to. That's pessimism. In reality, we're *more* likely to get that port than we would be otherwise. Because it's an easy marketing tool for the new game that will essentially pay for itself if it brings in a profit. If Prime 4 didn't exist, we probably *wouldn't* see a port of the Trilogy. We also already know that Retro has their own team dedicated to porting. One that ported Tropical Freeze to the Switch. And we know that Tropical Freeze was running on the same engine that the Prime Trilogy uses. It's not like they're going to be stretching themselves thin and taking resources away from Prime 4's development for a port like that. The big hurdle for porting the Trilogy isn't different internal architecture. The Wii U still used the GameCube's old architecture, and so far almost every single game that released on it has been ported to the Switch. It's obviously not that big of a deal. It's the different *control scheme* that'll be the real problem. The Trilogy's control scheme is wildly different from the original GameCube one, and the Wii pointer controls just aren't feasible with the JoyCons. Whatever they do would have to be entirely new and unique to this version of the Trilogy. &amp;nbsp; You're also still missing the point that Metroid Prime is *not* the mainline series, it's basically a spin-off. The development of the Prime series and the main series is so disconnected that they might as well not even be part of the same franchise. They're lead by two different producers, developed by two different studios, and worked on almost completely independently. That's *why* we had two games in development simultaneously, and why we'll probably end up seeing that same situation again in the future. The producer of the main series got the go ahead to make another 2D game. He doesn't have to wait for Prime 4 to come out before he can start working on it.
You're still missing the point. It wouldn't matter if Metroid Prime was the main series and the 2D games were the spin-off. It doesn't change the fact that that development-wise, they're pretty much treated as two *separate* series. The fact that Prime 4 is in development doesn't mean we won't see another Metroid game in development. It means we're not going to see another *Prime* game in development. &amp;nbsp; We're two years off from the release of Samus Returns, which teased the next Metroid game. Sakamoto even talked about some plans he had for that game, namely that it wouldn't be another remake. It wasn't unrealistic to think there's a chance we could have seen something this year. And it's not unrealistic to think we might see something next year either. The Prime Trilogy was rumored pretty heavily around the Game Awards and that first Direct of the year. It was even in the same leak that also told us about Mario Maker 2, the Links Awakening Remake, and Boxboy, pretty far ahead of time. And again, it would just be a smart move with Prime 4 on the horizon. &amp;nbsp; Neither one was "folly" to expect we might see it at E3, they weren't that ridiculously unlikely. Trying to say that it was is just flat out wrong. We didn't see them, and that sucks. But it's not because there was never even a *chance* of seeing either of them. That's pure unrealistic pessimism.
Hell yeah I do. Having to spam a single button five times to cycle between sub-weapons and having to deal with janky low gravity physics can't be fixed by swapping around which button is shoot. Heavier gravity, snappier controls, and being able to swap between the beam and the sub-weapon just by holding down a shoulder button beats out Super's awkwardness by a mile.
I haven't misunderstood you, you're just wrong. You don't understand a thing about marketing, sales, or game development, but you're going to talk about my "ignorance" and try to back out because you're too bored or tired to show me how "wrong" I am. And you must not have had a lot of energy to begin with considering you didn't do very much "explaining" in the first place. Plus you don't get to bullshit about me "intentionally misunderstanding" you when you completely missed the point of why I mentioned that the Prime series is spin-off and that the two series are made by ***two different people.***
GTA RP is worse in every way. The rules are StarWarsRP levels of strict and overbearing. Sure, people actually *roleplay* there. But only because that's what people were looking to do going in. Their shit rules have nothing to do with it.
So... LawlessRP. I spent literally years trying to popularize that, running my own server, writing guides and giving tips on how to do it well, talking to server owners and trying to ask them to consider it. Hell, I even coined the name because I figured a catchy name would get more people's attention. I tried everything that I could. At the end of the day, when I finally got too tired and burnt out to keep it up, DarkRP was still the same as ever. People just like being able to complain and get their way, and they only ever realize how shitty and broken that system is when someone else complains to get *them* banned. And keep in mind that ***Falco himself*** was also pushing for something very similar, and that went nowhere. So it's not just a matter of not being heard, it's a matter of people hearing and not *caring.* I've given up on it. The only way I could possibly think to save it would be a proper standalone that doesn't involve any of Gmod's shit staff and rules system.
Oh, IceFuse by far. But only because most SuperiorServers staff are inactive, so you can really do whatever you want unless you're unlucky enough to cross their path.
Higher durability on the weapons would have almost universally stopped people from complaining about it. Honestly it's still better in the long run than things turning into a skyrim shitshow, especially with no way to *sell* items. I don't need ten shitty elven daggers, thanks. There probably needed to be something supplementary there to back it up though.
I think a repair system could get real awkward real fast. If you get a "broken greatsword" or something when a weapon breaks, then eventually your inventory will fill up with broken weapons. And you'll run into the Skyrim problem of having ten of the same weapon when you really only need one. Or two, if you want a backup for when the first breaks. Especially since you can't sell weapons in BotW. If the weapons break like normal but you get a chance to repair them if you stop using them before they break, then that borders on being completely pointless. You're still essentially just waiting until you get another one of those weapons anyways, if you need another one to repair the one you already have, and if you need something like a "repair kit" then you're just waiting until you get another one of those. Personally I think a crafting system would work better. When weapons break, you get weapon pieces that can be crafted back into another weapon. And it doesn't necessarily have to be the *same* weapon either. You could also use this crafting system to upgrade weapons to a different kind, like adding an elemental effect to it. It'd still have some of the same variety, but it would give you a better chance of being able to get the weapon you actually need at any given time.
I mean I don't replay games that often in general, only once every couple months at most. But I had fun with the Zero Suit stuff, and I usually just spam A through the navigation rooms. That stuff is tolerable for me. Awkward controls aren't, they honestly really irritate me. It's the same reason I've never beaten Cave Story despite it being the first indie Metroidvania, and if the Trilogy didn't exist I probably wouldn't replay the first two Prime games as often either.
This whole thread is reminding me of [a certain article from last year.](https://mashable.com/2018/03/15/luigi-bulge-penis/)
Holy fuck. And it's 3.5 million *post* karma, not comment karma. How and why?
I'm disappointed that this left out the one game I *actually* want them to put on the Switch. We need portable New Vegas.
Honestly, this doesn't scream "scam" to me. I just spent the past half an hour or so looking into it, and I'm pretty sure I get what this is now. Although people have probably already figured this out anyways, because I'm really late to the party. This is a marketing ploy, for a pretty out there idea that won't pan out at all because it only works on paper. &amp;nbsp; Realistically, you make about a dollar a week with this. It isn't some big "free money, get rich quick" type scam, if that was their intention then they'd have at least made the bait a little more appetizing than "use our app for a year and a half straight, and we might give you $100" And they'd have included some kind of buy-in. And it's definitely not meant to be an actual cryptocurrency. They wouldn't have tied their "cryptocurrency" to cashing out for normal money and buying stuff in a *rewards section in their app.* There's always the "selling off your data" angle, but [they publicly stated that's not what they're doing.](https://nimses.com/en/posts/global-launch/) Which granted, doesn't mean much coming out of the mouth of someone you suspect is scamming you. But the legal ramifications are significantly worse if you get caught *blatantly lying* than if you get caught not telling people the whole truth. So that statement has *some* weight to it. &amp;nbsp; And yes, you can technically make more money by being popular. But they wouldn't really care about that on their end. They're not paying more money all around, they're paying more to a specific person and less to all of the rest. So it's pretty up front that only the people who already have a large following and are advertising the platform in the first place going to be able to cash out. Which means that the only people getting paid are the popular online "influencer" type people they were *already paying* to use and advertise their app in the first place. And the occasional account that skyrockets in popularity for whatever reason, but those also already get paid on platforms like Instagram. That's nothing new, for either scenario. Even they won't get more than the average amount of pay you'd get on any other social media. A couple thousand dollars over a *year's* worth of being active in the platform, at best. &amp;nbsp; So in all likelyhood, they're probably just using it as a hook to get people to use their app. It's just a really roundabout marketing scheme. The whole fake cryptocurrency thing is just meant to be intriguing. Get the idea of "you can make real money off of it" out there and people will flock to their platform. The amount of money they have to pay out is directly tied to the amount of people using their app too. So they can guarantee that they're only ever paying out more money when they're *making* more money by having more users. It's a *game.* The way that they're "revolutionizing" social media is by taking all of the money that a social media would normally put in, and giving it out to people at a rate of one fiftieth of a cent per minute. Then they're letting the *users* decide who gets to get paid for using their platform, instead of deciding that themselves. Even *moderating their platform,* if that's what the temples are, is put on the users instead of the company. That's how they're making a "horizontally run social media." They're paying people because we literally do all of their work for them. &amp;nbsp; On paper, it sounds amazing from a business perspective. It's a perfect hook to bring people into their app, and it's potentially a lot cheaper on their end than doing all of this themselves. Their app apparently launched in 2017. In that time, according to their website, there's been about 15000 dominims gained. That's $2,000,000 in total. Big companies like facebook can spend *tens* of millions, ***per year,*** on marketing alone. Except it won't pan out, because people are going to game the system. Because systems like this always get gamed, and there's very little that can be done about it short of making major changes. Just a small group of people with a legion of bot accounts could farm a ridiculous amount of their currency. The company definitely wouldn't pay out, at least not for long, but it would *force* them to make those major changes. &amp;nbsp; Once they start actually letting people cash out, I give it less than a year before the app is either gone or unrecognizable from the original concept.
[Relevant](reddit.com/r/IsItButter/comments/6mfw4c/haha_you_were_laboring_under_the_misaprehension/) EDIT: link broke
I don't know what I am but I know that 80% of this comment was painful to read.
/r/EightySecondSub
/r/eightysecond sub also exists.
vintage memes from the early 00's. That one's almost as old as I am.
And that, ladies and gentlemen, is how you go from "shitty person" to "legitimately needs to seek mental help" in a single paragraph. It's honestly kind of ironic that you'd try to be the one trying to tell people to go see a therapist when you're a conspiracy theorist.
I have a friend who's just up and dropped multiple paypal accounts the second they get a false chargeback, because it's just not worth the effort of dealing with that shit. He didn't really use them for anything serious though, just running some game servers.
Acting like that's even close to a majority of trans people is the same thing as pretending all christians are like *you.* Honestly, I really want to be pissed at you for some of what you've said. But I can't be. It is *very* clear that you have some unchecked mental issues here. Normal people don't think Hollywood is trying to brainwash them.
/r/twenty1characterlimit?
&gt;**S U B M I S S I O N S R E S T R I C T E D** Now that's just no fun.
Just get the help that you need instead of fucking with people on reddit. Honestly.
See, this is a sign of delusion. You believe in this because it's the opposite of what everyone else is telling you, of what the majority accepts as fact. Your paranoia is biting at you, telling you that the majority is wrong. Probably because you have a constant nagging feeling that *something* is wrong and that bad things are happening, and you don't know why you have this feeling. And you've probably written off why you feel this way at some point with some excuse like "people are sheep, they blindly believe what they're told." Which is only the most common one because it's one of the oldest and most well known excuses. But you don't care if it's an excuse because you *know* that you're right, even without a shred of evidence. Then when people ask for that evidence, you go to excessive lengths to find sources that back your claims. Even if they're total untrustworthy bullshit. Because you *need* some sign that you're right, that you're heading in the right direction and not a downward spiral. And even if people can swamp you with proof that you're wrong, you'll ignore it because it would break you to realize that you're wrong. There is a big difference between being easily fooled by a conspiracy theory, and being so much in denial that the only proof you'll accept is what tells you you're right. That's what makes it a mental illness.
Have you considered that no one replies because you can't really reason with people suffering from delusions? The *definition* of a delusion is an unshakeable belief that can't waver even in the face of reality and overwhelming proof against it. If it was as simple as talking it out, then it wouldn't be problem in the first place. The fact that you'd post evidence that clearly doesn't have a real source backing it up, combined with the way you talk and some of the things you talk about, definitely give off that impression. Honestly the only reason I replied is that I feel like words *can* get through to people eventually, and help in some minor way. Denial only goes so far. Besides, if I bite and try to discuss one of the conspiracy theories you mentioned, it'll only cause you to spiral out. Which is unhealthy and makes the situation worse.
That's referring to either the leviathan core or Phazon itself. The logs specifically mention how one of the Metroids escaped its holding cell somehow, referencing Phazon Metroids, and then merged with a huge chunk of pirate tech. Which is supposed to be talking about Metroid Prime's "shell."
See, this is what I'm talking about. In your head, everyone is some big evil entity out to get you, and hide some dark truth from you or deny you the things you enjoy. Which leads you to doubt everything as long as it's talked about in the news or something. That's a sign of delusions. And for what it's worth, I'm not pretending to be a therapist. I'm not diagnosing you with some really specific illness. I'm pointing out a very obvious symptom of *several* mental illnesses. Delusions are one of the most common symptoms. It could be something as tame as stress or as extreme as schizophrenia, that's how wide the range is.
I've said all I wanted to say. You're not responding to me at all, you're ignoring me and still trying to go on about the conspiracies you've brought up because that's where you feel like you have a foothold. And I'll admit that I started to get roped into talking about that when I was sleep deprived, but I edited my comment to remove that pretty quickly. Because I was derailing myself and being hypocritical. But take a step back and realize that out of the three pieces of evidence you sent, one leans towards your argument, one leans against it, and one is straight in the middle with a pretty clear "We don't know." Which suggests that we *don't know.* But you've taken it as all leaning towards your argument being right, except for the one you briefly acknowledged as contradicting you. Would you honestly, genuinely, believe all of this was leaning towards a specific direction if it was something you *didn't* care about? Like, say, whether snails asexually reproduce? I can't really do much more than tell you to try and consider that, and hope that those words get through. So I don't have much else to say beyond this.
As a rule of thumb, I downvote server posts with no information on them. It's against rule 4. You shouldn't expect people to join your server if you don't even so much as explain what it's like or give us the name of it.
I don't really want the rule removed, since you can't have any of the roleplay stuff without it. But as much as I like the roleplay stuff, being able to have questions and answers in character... you get basically zero feedback on Nosleep. It would be nice to at least have something like an /r/nosleepfeedback, that automatically crossposts all stories posted to Nosleep specifically for OOC comments. As it is on Nosleep, you really don't get a sense of whether you're improving or not as you write more, and if you're doing a series then you don't really know if you're heading in a direction people are enjoying with it. You kind of just stumble around blindly. NosleepOOC really is more for talking about nosleep in general, like specific trends in stories or narrations. And nosleepworkshops is more for writing advice and first drafts, and a lot of tips for newer writers who are still practicing. Neither are really for getting feedback on a finished story or an ongoing series, so even when it's allowed it's kind of awkward to ask. And because you're asking, it's asking people to read it first and get back to you. Those people aren't necessarily the same people who are going to continue reading your stories, and it's not really the same as someone leaving feedback because they noticed something wrong without being specifically asked to look. I don't know. Writing on nosleep just feels a lot harder because of this. My old stories on the creepypasta websites were pretty garbage, but I feel like some of the comments I got there are the reason my newer stuff isn't so bad.
I think it's kind of a common trope. Off the top of my head, I heard a narration for a story *years* back, like maybe 2014, about monsters that would only hunt down people who know they existed. So the guy wrote the story to tell as many people as possible about the monsters to expand the potential victim pool so he could live longer.
That has some scary undertones that people are definitely going to write about.
I personally just think it's more fun. My writing is long winded and I'm a whirlwind of ideas. So I have like eight parts planned out from multiple different character perspectives. I haven't written everything out or anything, I just keep some basic plot outlines and ideas written down in a timeline to follow, and then write everything out as I get there. I think that works well enough without having to put several months of effort in before you start uploading. If you write the entire series out before publishing, you might as well write a full book. Because you *have* a full book's worth of text already written out in one go. As far as popularity goes, I think it depends. Uploading daily will probably catch some more eyes than you would otherwise, but at the same time long stories aren't usually the ones with the most attention on nosleep. I think, generally, people either like short and sweet or a long *completed* series that they can binge all at once. So ongoing series seem like they wouldn't be the most attention grabbing unless the first part is both super popular and ends on a big cliffhanger.
I do not like how that picture implies the elephant seal is the unholy hybrid of a man and an elephant.
From what I understand, I think as long as it's still mostly horror themed it's fine within the rules. If you feel like it really needs something, you can always shift around the order of events a bit to end a less outright scary part with a cliffhanger. Also keep in mind that you can easily get desensitized to your own writing. You should always check with a proofreader or someone first before worrying too much about it not being scary enough.
It depends on exactly how you plan to use it. I just wanted a simple table of contents for a series, and a place for OOC comments. So I think a subreddit by far worked out best in my case. Someone else mentioned twitter, and that might work out well if you want something that's less of a collection of all your stories and more just want to update people on when you have a *new* story out.
Is there a subreddit for bot generated nosleep titles yet?
Definitely sounds cool. I can't say from personal experience whether Nosleep would have a problem with it since I've never posted anything like that, but I think it should be fine. Honestly I'm kind of hooked just by the idea of something inspired by Over the Garden Wall.
Honestly, by far, the John Dies at the End series. Horror comedy surpasses outright horror for me, and they did the best job of having *genuinely scary* horror alongside their comedy.
Just make a personal subreddit and dual post the story to nosleep and to your story's subreddit. If it's not horror enough for nosleep to accept it, just link to the version on your personal subreddit in the "previous post here" link. Should work out fine, all in all.
A series gets the most attention once it's finished, and people can read the whole thing. It's better to take your time and make a story you feel the most proud of than to rush it and write when you don't feel like you're in a state to, for an audience that might not be there yet.
Although I'm sure you've already written this story long ago, since this post is over a week old, I would like to point out that Latin letters are just English letters. The reason languages like Italian, Spanish, French, and English are have roughly the same alphabet is that they have roots in Latin. Which also used the same alphabet. But don't take my word for it, I am severely sleep deprived.
30 upvotes isn't exactly chump change, that's an average story. Don't feel too bad about that. If I had to make a guess though, I'd say it was the title and the NSFW tag. It seems like the people who read it generally liked your story. The title is kind of iffy. Well not even the title itself, that's not really that bad. But the wording of it is a little cluttered with stuff like the slash and the extra sub-name after (part 1). It might have been better to just call it "The lucid dream that lasted a thousand years. (part 1)" The bigger problem was probably the NSFW tag. NSFW tags in nosleep are really only used to mark out some pretty serious trigger warnings. Like... stuff that some people actually have panic attacks about, if you read through the list in the rules. Generally they imply more detailed descriptions too. Which is why most people filter them out completely. You have some stuff that was kind of on the fringe, but it was such a brief mention that it didn't really feel NSFW-level. Most people aren't going to freak out at the mere mention of World War 2, for example. So you probably lost out on some potential readers with an unnecessary tag.
Nosleep is for stories that fall under both of these categories: * Horror themed * Told from the perspective of someone who would "realistically" be writing a reddit post. If your ghost monster man has an interest in the internet and writing stories online, and he has some creepy stories to tell, it'll probably be good to go on nosleep. But if it's meant to be something told from a different perspective, say a story with an omniscient narrator harry potter style, then it won't be allowed. Reddit unfortunately doesn't have much of a writing community outside of Nosleep as far as I know. There are a few subreddits like /r/shortstories, but they're not on the same scale as Nosleep.
Definitely. It's a good idea to post a first draft even if you know a story would be allowed, it helps you get a sense of what you're doing right and what you're potentially doing wrong. Even just having some awkward sentences pointed out can help you in the long run.
I'd say different post for better visibility, people might skim through these comments and move on assuming your problem is solved.
I guess so, that's probably the smartest way to go about it. I just don't like posting across multiple subreddits, at a certain point it feels like spam. And I guess part of the point of Nosleep's rule is to prevent discouraging newer writers because one person decides to be a dick and pick out every single little flaw about a story.
This game looks right up my alley, it's almost something along the lines of Hylics. Weird art style and fun gameplay will never not be a great combination. Also, [relevant song from one of my favorite bands.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QNi8PyKXWuM)
As someone who is perpetually broke, pretty much all the games I buy are ones that keep me coming back. The big ones for me on Switch are Breath of the Wild, A Robot Named Fight, to an extent Resident Evil Revelations 1, Sonic Mania, and Hollow Knight. EDIT: Oh, and Minecraft of course. But I didn't think of that because I don't play the console version really.
Personally, I think the most important issue is the waves of random downvotes from people looking to boost their story up a bit. That *genuinely* hurts the success of newer posts, it's been shown a few times that that's how it works on reddit. Every once in a while I just upvote every story on the "new" tab to try and combat that. It's honestly downright unfair, and it shouldn't be allowed on *Reddit.* Much less just nosleep. But somehow, I don't get the feeling it's people getting front page attention very often pulling that shit. Or they probably wouldn't be pulling it to begin with. As for the people who *do* get front page attention... I think some people do write specifically for mass appeal and upvotes, stories around a thousand words with a clickbait title. But that's not necessarily a problem. At the end of the day, nosleep is a place to write for fun. People aren't putting out those stories just to farm useless internet points, they're doing it because they have fun writing it. And they write stories that specifically fall under what's currently popular because that's part of the fun for them. We can't exactly control what people are looking for in a nosleep story. They're not the ones *making* a genre popular, they're just capitalizing on a trend that would be popular anyways regardless of who wrote it. And it's not like they're making money off of it, or it's taking views away from other stories or anything, either. I don't feel like there's any real malicious intent to it. But I feel like the most important thing to keep in mind is that if your story is on nosleep, you're pretty much guaranteed that at least a few people will read it. 5-30 upvotes is nothing to scoff at, it still shows interest in the story even if it's not on the same level as some of the other stories.
I'll bite. I'll send you a PM with the details, so I can avoid advertising anything here.
I play video games of various types. Currently, I play a lot of spider solitaire because that's what my bored mind has drifted to. Before that, I played through the entire original Ratchet and Clank trilogy while listening to a longer series. Before that, I used to play a lot of roguelites. Slay the Spire, Enter the Gungeon, A Robot Named Fight, etc. Before that, I would play modded Minecraft and build *massive* buildings in survival. Recently, I'm actually starting to get back into playing Minecraft. All in all though, they're all games I don't have to pay an excessive amount of attention to. The story is more what I'm actively focusing on while the game is just in the background for me to occupy myself instead of just sitting at my computer doing nothing.
Waluigi was too busy being a living statue.
Maybe it's just the fact that it's 3 in the morning but I honestly cannot think of a single word that it could be a typo of, lol Unless someone really slammed their keyboard trying to type out the word "at"
This comment needs to see a therapist. Or an exorcist. I don't know what unholy creature you've just birthed.
2D Metroid and Zelda are basically the exact same thing, except one's a sidescroller and the other's top down. So if it wouldn't work for one, it almost definitely wouldn't work for the other.
Thanks. And maybe I should crosspost. I didn't do it originally because I didn't want to feel like I was shoving my stories down people's throats. But at this point, with a lot of it being over half a year old, I guess that's kind of a moot point.
We don't talk about the dark age. But Samus Returns was a thing, so we can't say 12 years since the last good Metroid game. Technically Prime is a spin-off series too though, because it's sort of a prequel/midquel/whatever and it's headed up by a different person than the main series. So all in all it doesn't really matter what you call it I guess.
That wasn't a rumor, it was a fake leak made up right before E3 2018. It was a pretty obvious fake. They even got the producer of the game wrong, despite the fact that it is the *single* thing we have ever been told about the game since its original announcement.
[Welp.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EmiwbTJPlTQ)
&gt;Maybe even in the same vain as, Bloodstained Ritual of the Night. Isn't that basically what Samus Returns was? 2.5D and making a lot of use of that extra dimension.
No, it objectively falls under the definition of a spin-off. * It's disconnected from the main story of the series and sits in its own section of the timeline while rarely interacting with the rest of the series. * It's focused on its own completely unique story arc that is never going to be touched upon outside of the Prime series, aside from maybe the occasional reference. * It's written and produced by a separate person who writes the main series games, which are the 2D ones. * It plays completely differently from the traditional 2D games. We don't consider it a spin-off normally because it rivals the main series in size and ended up getting more popular than it, but it does still technically fall under the definition of a spin-off.
You're acting like I'm personally defining this word, lol. I was just making a joke about the fact that it *literally falls under the definition of a spin-off in media.* I don't understand why you're so up in arms about this.
These statements are not mutually exclusive.
That plot's not from that leak either. I actually tried my best to find an article that was still up, talking about the leak. The image quality is absolute ass, but the text is still somewhat readable. [Here it is.](https://powerup-gaming.com/2018/05/17/nintendo-e3-fallout-fortnite-leak/) It's simply "Explore the surface of a planet, hunt down a renegade Chozo." No mention of Sylux at all, and it listed the producer of the *2D* games as the producer for Prime 4. What you're talking about was speculation based on the name, from people who hadn't read the short synopsis included with the "leak." It's why you have to take leaks with a good few grains of salt. Even a leak where every single other game listed in it turns out to be legit can have a misfire. And this one was wrong on every single account. For the record, I doubt whatever the plot of Prime 4 *does* end up being will change too much from what was in the original scrapped project. In fact, that's probably the one thing they actually salvaged from it. They still have the same writer/producer, after all.
That's not my personal definition, you're the one trying to claim it is. So you are up in arms. Hell, that's not even one *specific* definition of a spin-off. It's multiple *different* definitions of the word that it *all* happens to fall under. * [Something that is imitative or derivative of an earlier work, product, or establishment.](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/spin-off) * [A program or other show involving characters from a previous program.](https://dictionary.cambridge.org/us/dictionary/english/spin-off) * [In media, a spin-off \(or spinoff\) is a radio program, television program, video game, film, or any narrative work, derived from already existing works that focus on more details and different aspects from the original work](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spin-off_\(media\)) * [A product marketed by its association with a popular television program, movie, personality, etc. "spin-off merchandising"](https://www.google.com/search?q=spin-off+definition&amp;oq=spin-off) * [A byproduct or incidental result of a larger or earlier project. "the commercial spin-off from defense research" ](https://www.google.com/search?q=spin-off+definition&amp;oq=spin-off) * [A story or series based off of another story/series.](https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=spin-off) Literally just google the word before claiming I'm "considering them spin-offs according to my personal definition." They are *objectively* spin-offs, there's no argument against that. They are *subjectively* not generally considered that, because they're more popular than the original series. Metroid Prime isn't even the only series where this is the case. Persona is a spin-off of Shin Megami Tensei, and it is *ridiculously* more popular, so it's not generally thought of as a spin-off. But *it's still a spin-off.*
No, Metroid Prime is objectively derivative. It's a side-story meant to fill in the gap between two games. The plotlines of the Prime series and the main series never intersect outside of small nods to keep the timeline consistent. Like mentioning the events of NES Metroid in Prime 1, or giving ridley some cybernetic enhancements at the end of Samus Returns. And there are no plans to make them intersect any further either, [with one of the producers specifically stating that Metroid Prime is "in its own section of the timeline."](http://www.nintendoworldreport.com/translation/23982/yoshio-sakamoto-interview) So it's a derivative work of another ongoing series as opposed to a direct sequel. It was even released alongside the game that *was* a direct sequel to Super Metroid, Metroid Fusion. So that really says it all, it's pretty objective. &amp;nbsp; In the case GTA 3, it *was* a direct sequel to the previous games. Not a spin-off. The series didn't really have much of a story before that point, and the stories of each game are traditionally completely disconnected from each other beyond it. So that wasn't really a major factor there. But more importantly, it was made by the same development team as the older GTA games with the *intention* of being a direct sequel. Metroid Prime *wasn't* made with that intention. &amp;nbsp; Speaking of which, Metroid Prime also falls under the "byproduct" definition of a spin-off. It wasn't made by the same producer or development team as the original series. It exists due to someone who wasn't part of the original development team taking interest in the series and petitioning Nintendo to make his own game for it. So it's objectively a spin-off in that respect too. &amp;nbsp; Even from a gameplay standpoint, the fact that it's a 3D FPS with more of a story focus is proof that it's ["focus is on more details and different aspects from the original work."](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spin-off_\(media\)) &amp;nbsp; It's a derivative work meant to be a side-story to another series, with a focus on a completely different gameplay style, made by a different producer and development team to the original series. The company even went so far as to mark it with a *specific moniker* that shows it's a side-series. Again, you're pretending that this is some super subjective thing when it's about as clear cut and objective as it can *possibly* get. It's not my "personal opinion," it is literally just the definition of the word and nothing more. But you're still acting like you're not getting bent out of shape over this for no reason.
Clothes are technically a sheddable exoskeleton.
I click on the twitter link. The first picture I see is a retweet of [the Dark Samus amiibo covered in Tamarind and/or dates.](https://twitter.com/teke54132) What fresh hell have you made us discover?
Prime 2 is set up in a bit more of an intuitive way, so you shouldn't get lost as often there. You pretty much know where you're supposed to be at all times. The hints system also does a better job because you usually only end up triggering it when you need to go *back* to an area you've already been before. It's not just telling you "figure out how to get to this room." Prime 3 is pretty linear, so it's kind of hard to get lost. In general, it's the smallest Prime game in terms of individual area size.
Well there's not much that they can do to actually bring the storyline together at the time being. The Prime Trilogy wrapped up neatly by destroying Dark Samus and all Phazon. So there's not really anything they could bring back from that, that isn't just another reference for the sake of timeline continuity like Proteus Ridley was. Unless Prime 4 has some loose ends that aren't wrapped up in another Prime game after it, like say Sylux escapes and lives to fight another day, then I don't think there's too much they can do. I'd also be willing to bet money that the reason we haven't seen Tanabe make a game post-Fusion after all these years is that Fusion ended up a cliffhanger of sorts. He didn't write Fusion, and he doesn't work on the main series, so it's not really his place to follow up on it. And that's compounded upon with Samus Returns teasing another Metroid game from Sakamoto. Granted, that's not confirmed to be a direct sequel to Fusion. The only thing Sakamoto has said is that he doesn't want to make another remake the next time around, so it could be another midquel. We don't know. But given how little the two producers actually communicate, from what we've seen, it wouldn't be surprising if *Tanabe* didn't know either. Sakamoto didn't have any idea of what was going on with Prime 4 either, when he was asked about it, because he wasn't working on the game. It's better to not risk it, than to completely break the timeline because they were both working on games meant to take place at the same time. They are like the *one* Nintendo series with a somewhat consistent timeline throughout the entire series, after all. &amp;nbsp; The Prime series isn't as story focused than Fusion, but Fusion was one game. The entire Prime series is filled with lore scans, cutscenes, occasionally some dialogue, and just more of a general idea of what you're doing beyond "explore the caves, find the bosses." It's got a bit more focus on the narrative as a whole than the main series does. Also becoming a series doesn't necessarily mean it's no longer a spin-off either. If that's what you meant. Look at Megaman X. The first game branched out into a massive series. But the series as a whole is still considered a spin-off of Megaman. &amp;nbsp; It's a fair point that things could change in the future, but right now they haven't. So it'd still be considered a spin-off *now* even if things come full circle later on. The Zelda thing is also a fair point, but I feel like their different because the Prime series is specifically worked on by a different producer and is also specifically marked as *the Prime series.* Zelda just kind of calls its games whatever, and the producer just alternates between 2D and 3D for the sake of variety.
I know it's meant to be synthwave, but an upright red triangle in the background will only ever make me think of [one song.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0J2QdDbelmY) It even has the reflection.
Can't say this was unexpected, all things considered.
I mean not images, obviously. But past that, I doubt there would be much issue as long as you gave a reason for it being told through text. For example, "My friend has been missing for two weeks, I just found a bunch of weird texts on his phone" or something like that.
Nah, it's just genres really. Or sub-genres, in the case of nosleep. You subconsciously pick up a style from other stuff you enjoy, and you'll inevitably end up writing a similar story to people who also enjoy similar things as you.
Yeah. It feels like it only triggers when you're *intentionally* not heading where you need to go, because you're trying to pick up an extra couple of power-ups before progressing. And when you are actually lost, your first instinct isn't really to wander around through a ton of rooms anyways because you don't want to get even more lost. So you end up never getting a hint.
I mean you can, there's definitely nothing stopping you as long as you follow the Nosleep guidelines. Keep the plot moving in every part, keep it believable that your character could actually be posting online, keep it mostly horror themed, etc. But at least a hundred parts at at least a thousand words each? That's, *at a minimum,* a hundred thousand words. The length of an average book. You'll definitely scare some people off of reading it unless you really get people hooked early. It can be done, though. The Gas Station series is sitting somewhere around 40 parts, and I'm pretty sure all of those parts sit well above the thousand word minimum. But I'd take some queues from how they went about things. Separate your story into arcs, so people don't feel like they need to read the entire thing all at once.
You know, reading through this thread has made me realize just how desensitized I've become thanks to Nosleep. It's like nothing gets under my skin anymore.
Definitely read some of the longer series on nosleep though, if you haven't already. If you want some stuff similar to what you're describing, [the Lonely Broadcast Station series](https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/8fp44u/accounts_from_a_lonely_broadcast_station_part_1/) and the [Tales from the Gas Station series](https://www.reddit.com/user/GasStationJack/comments/a7qrcx/the_gas_station_index/) are both somewhat along those lines. Good advice for a long series is to set specific rules to your world before you start writing, and to figure out who/what your main antagonist is pretty early on if not before you start writing. That way, you stay sort of on track. And you know exactly what to reveal a very long time before you actually start to reveal it.
This is the comment I was looking for.
/r/lastsub
Ha ha, I sure do love [**E R R O R L O A D I N G S U B R E D D I T I N F O**]
It's a pretty bad name for a subreddit specifically about weird nasty fashion. An ants nest inside a TV is extremely weird and uncomfortable and way more fitting of the name "awfuleverything." than another clone of /r/TIHI or /r/Trashy.
You can read about what Falco was pushing for in [the official DarkRP MOTD.](https://github.com/FPtje/DarkRPMotd/blob/master/motd.txt) (Follow the google docs link for a full on guide written by him.) My guide is similar, but different in some minor ways. [You can read the revised version here.](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=739536389) They were written independently of each other, but both were based on a really old DarkRP MOTD post from 2016. Falco wanted to elaborate on the first post he'd written, and I wanted to try and make a feasible set of rules based on Falco's first post. I have it copied and pasted word for word in my guide under the "Falco's LawlessRP" section. &amp;nbsp; Personally, I don't think it's the fault of *any* players. Not really. They haven't done all that much to put the gamemode in the state that it's in now. It's been shown time and time again that the players didn't decide these rules, and a pretty massive chunk of people have quit completely because of them. People don't complain about servers *not* having specific rules, they complain when they feel like someone's cheated by breaking the rules a server *does* have. If the server wasn't specifically telling them that you're not supposed to do this, nobody would feel cheated that they (for example) got shot accidentally in another person's firefight, or that someone stole their printers without stopping to type out a message that the *entire server can read* stating that they're stealing someone's printers. I think it's mostly the fault of the people *running* the servers. More rules means significantly less work you need to put into the server. You can just dump it all on the staff and say "people aren't allowed to do this" instead of finding actual gameplay related solutions to a problem. So... it's laziness, pretty much. &amp;nbsp; Honestly, I still love the idea of DarkRP. And the potential that it has. Lately, I've been really nostalgic for my old server. It still feels like I could just open up Gmod and log on to my server right now. And everyone would still be playing, new development projects would still be in the works, people would still be joining factions and fighting each other, or pulling crazy stunts like a maze of hamster tunnels throughout the city. My server didn't die because of the rules we removed, or ideology that fueled my ideas. If anything, that was the only reason it hung on for so long. It ultimately died because I let issues compound on each other instead of properly dealing with them. A toxic staff team, broken buggy scripts, poor donation practices such as allowing people to get custom classes with permanent weapons, adding rules without properly thinking them through, not banning people who should have been banned, and so... so much more shit. And I'm just... burnt out. I don't have the time, money, or willpower, to do it all again and see if I can succeed where I failed before this time around. And I tried, too. But it didn't work out. Other servers just aren't interested in changing. They do what works for them. And that's fine, but I just don't find it fun to play. So I've given up on the gamemode.
&gt;How employed was your vanilla server? As for this question, how I did things on my server and how the staff team was, before things got bad... That's... a long story. Probably longer than that entire other comment. So I figured it would be best if I put it in a separate one. &amp;nbsp; My server wasn't vanilla, like you're imagining. Not in terms of rules or in terms of content. LawlessRP isn't possible on a vanilla server, because with every rule you remove you need to put work into replacing it with some kind of gameplay solution. The best example, and the biggest reason why more people don't make servers like this, is the RDM rule. We removed the RDM rule from my server right off the bat. Well really, we never used it to begin with. Mostly out of spite, just to prove that the rules actually *were* unnecessary. It was the most drastic thing I could think of doing. If I could making a working DarkRP server with no RDM rule, it would prove every single person who was ever an asshole to me about my ideas wrong. I figured that if I just let the police handle RDM instead of admins, everything would go smoothly and you'd be able to play on the server perfectly fine. But you'd just get arrested for RDM instead of jailed or banned. Of course, it didn't go smoothly at all. &amp;nbsp; There are some rules that make a clean break. Rules that only serve to annoy players, and don't affect the server whatsoever if you just cut them out and stop forcing them on people. Adverting being the big, fat, *developer literally attempted to remove it from the game,* example. RDM is not one of those rules. When we first started out, things were the *exact* kind of chaotic you'd imagine. Everyone would just shoot at each other straight out of spawn in an endless firefight, and the only reason they would stop is to buy more guns or base to make money to buy more guns. It seemed bad. Really bad... Normally, I would have just given up then and there. But I was stubborn, and angry. At the time, I'd recently been banned from a server I had played on for a *year.* And over the exact rules I considered unfair to begin with. So I didn't want to leave it at that and let myself be proven wrong. At least, not without putting some real effort into it. &amp;nbsp; I realized that, as bad as things were, I still had something to work with. People were still basing, occasionally, when they needed money. People were still *raiding* those bases when they wanted to make money faster. That was a start. The first thing I did was mess with the economy, see what stuck. I tweaked the prices of every weapon, based on the amount of damage a gun did. Now weapons like pistols were still somewhat easy to get, but if you wanted a real big gun like a shotgun or a rifle you'd be basing for a long time. I added an inventory swep after that, but I made the size *very* small. Just four slots. This way, people wouldn't feel like the effort of saving up all of that money was in vain. But it made them realize just how valuable of a commodity weapons were, and how little inventory space you actually got. If you shot at other players, now you'd risk losing the weapons that, at times, you'd worked *ridiculously* hard for. It was a smarter decision to save up your weapons for when you were going to raid a base. &amp;nbsp; Police were what I ended up tweaking next. When people played as them, they worked fine for stopping RDM. But the problem was, at the end of the day... they just weren't fun to play. So no one did. It needed to be something more than "the job that stops people from RDMing." I leaned on what made cops fun in DarkRP, to begin with. Enforcing the law. If they were going to be the job that needed to stop RDM, then they were going to be the job that ***could*** stop RDM on a server as chaotic as that. I removed the vote for all police jobs, so that people couldn't just say "no lol, we don't want police." I gave them weapons that were ridiculously expensive and hard to get as normal citizens. And I gave them *armour,* effectively giving them more It was a ridiculous amount of power, all in the hands of any player who just decided to play as a police job. All they had to do for it was follow three extra rules. Don't RDM, don't attack fellow police, and enforce the laws. And to top it all off, we gave the whole category of government jobs a fancy imposing name to show off how powerful they were. "The Peacekeepers." With individual jobs having names like "Enforcer", "Guardian", "Paladin", etc. &amp;nbsp; My real magnum opus was probably what came next, though. The Dictator. The Dictator was our mayor job, and the name was kind of tongue in cheek. It was a Dictator in the sense that it had total control over the government, and in turn the server, and it was a Dictator in the sense that it would literally dictate how the server played. The Dictator could make basically any law, make anything legal, illegal, required, or disallowed, as long as it didn't conflict with the tiny amount of server rules we had or the default laws. And to top it all off, [I gave it that ever so infamous Combine Elite model.](https://steamuserimages-a.akamaihd.net/ugc/275100415621890145/974B5D790F166492838FC834D2E52B0E979A509C/) It was the total replacement for traditional RDM rules, with the old "Staff on duty" model to signify that fact. Now if you broke a law, caused chaos, or RDMed other players, you were hunted down and thrown in jail. Which is effectively no different than being jailed by a staff member. But it gives players a chance to *fight back.* It turned a boring chore of a job into the most powerful force on the server, and into a common enemy that everyone playing as a citizen job hated. &amp;nbsp; The changes to police in turn let me foster more player interaction. Now instead of spending the whole time shooting at each other, people would band together and turn their attention to the significantly greater threat. The Peacekeepers. Being a solo criminal was tough. You'd be armorless with pistols up against jobs like the "Goliath," an incredibly slow walking 500 health behemoth with an LMG. Or the "Huntsman," a fully armored police job with a sniper rifle. People would still raid each other of course, it wasn't suddenly a universal "let's take down the government" at all times of the day. But now it was a game of factions and gangs, instead of just individual criminals fighting each other. Forming a group was the best way to survive. You made money faster because more people could spawn in more moneymaking items, so you got weapons faster. &amp;nbsp; And it kept building from there. Every little change let my tweak things further and further, to create a sort of balance. The server was a little chaotic at times, but it was *controlled* chaos. You were free to do stuff like make your own events, as the Dictator. At the end of the day, it still *felt* like DarkRP when all was said and done. When it was good, it was *amazing.* And it was good for a long time. There were still a decent amount of staff on my server. But they took a more backseat role. A vast majority of our rules focused on the more important problems. Server crashers, script kiddies, and the like. People who were *actually* minging, trying to ruin the fun for everyone else. And of the rules that weren't focused on that, a majority were focused on police. So that's where staff's secondary focus was. Making sure they played fair and didn't abuse the weapons they spawned with to shoot people randomly. We didn't even have propblock or propclimb rules. We had a special custom scripted raiding tool, called a Blowtorch. It worked like a lockpick or a keypad cracker, except it *destroyed props.* Every police job spawned with one and you could buy them as citizen jobs. So you jut dealt with propblock yourself. The biggest rules a normal players just loading into the server had to worry about were targetting, and spawnkill. Targetting just being "Don't specifically kill the same person over and over to be a dick", and spawnkill being self explanatory. &amp;nbsp; In the long run, I accomplished my goal. I made DarkRP without the bullshit rules, and I got it to work just as well if not better. And there's plenty of recorded proof of it working too. [Here.](https://www.youtube.com/user/ImMixxedKing/videos) [Here.](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5KsffL4TAhd_r3BSOIpBKA) [And here.](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVjOGkn9b-y1WdlaPGZF9LQ/videos) So I'm happy with how the server turned out. My only regret is letting it die in the first place, instead of putting the effort in that I should have.
I actually bought a few copies after I beat the game originally back in 2017, so I could send some to friends. Because they really deserve more than just $15 for that game.
Only true gorb fanatics can understand the depths of this quote.
There was a whole post on this last year, but the consensus was that it didn't really matter. Most of the people who worked on "The trilogy" left after the first game. Including the series art director, who went to go work on Halo.. And a lot of the people who stuck around through the entire Trilogy are actually still at Retro. The "Retro is a completely different studio anyways" thing was more one of those pessimistic phrases people were throwing around so they didn't have to feel bad about the fact that Retro wasn't working on the game the first time around. But now they are. So... Plus even if that wasn't the case, they still have the old engine and the old producer. Prime 4 probably won't be too different from the original Trilogy. Just bigger and hopefully better. But even at worst, it'll be on par.
[ ^^^^\(This ^^^^is ^^^^the ^^^^best ^^^^one.)](https://meme.xyz/uploads/posts/t/l-50454-me-and-the-boys-chillin-at-the-hospital-while-the-psychiatrist-tries-to-explain-the-severity-of-my-schizophrenia.jpg)
I... I just... I'm disappointed in you. On so many levels.
It's just as well written, but like like /u/The_Dalek_Emperor said, it's not quite as dark. Without spoiling it too much, it's a happier ending for the story that can pretty much be summed up with the word "comeuppance."
A dark thriller usually borders on horror anyways, and they're fun to watch or read in the same way. So I say it fits.
I keep all of my individual stuff separated, which is maybe not the smartest thing. I have [a subreddit for my nosleep series](https://www.reddit.com/r/FlickersStory/) and [I have a subreddit for my audiodrama.](https://www.reddit.com/r/DarkRadio/) That's about it. I should probably make something more overarching that covers all of my works of fiction, but they're different enough that people might not necessarily enjoy one even if they enjoy the other. So I don't know if it's worth it.
I was going to make a joke, but I realized how badly the phrase "Ah, those classic monkey farms in the south" could be taken.
Are there actually subs 128-199 though? They don't count unless they're part of the tower.
This thing looks super cool and I would totally use the grip itself, but putting my actually Switch in it seems scary. Everything seems a little loose, and not really snapped together. I feel like if I just held it with one hand, the entire thing would fall apart and I'd be left with a single joycon in my hand.
Aside from the shield change, and being able to hold down for attacking, this absolutely feels like the best of both worlds. I've wanted an actual delay for attacks pretty much since the cooldown was implemented. The 1.9 one always felt kind of pointless.
I beat the game with my dad and my brother playing splitscreen. It works unexpectedly well. Which makes it even more bullshit that it's missing from a port that costs three times as much as the steam version.
I don't think you necessarily need to do that. "I managed to snap a picture of it, here's a link" works pretty much in most contexts.
Wow. I just found this page. (Off the interview announcement on nosleep OOC) and didn't realize how many of these stories were yours. I don't think I've disliked a single one of the ones I've heard. I loved the School Detention series, it feels almost like a goosebumps book.
Honestly I'm sleep deprived, and didn't really read it as a mod comment. I was just pointing out it's probably more likely that people would want to include the image as a part of the story if they've gone through the effort of making one, as opposed to just hiding the link like they do with story subreddits and author pages.
I have a pretty simple mindset when it comes to these kinds of things. Not even for writing specifically, but just in general. You should just be making something that you personally enjoy if you want it to turn out well. You're a person. And there are other people out there who enjoy the same things as you. So if you're proud of how your own work came out, other people will enjoy it too. In the case of series, fussing too much over what other people would think about the length or the pacing is just self defeating, you'll never get the story done. An unpopular series is better than not having finished it at all. Which isn't to say you should ignore all criticism, because you can't just rely solely on your own judgement. But if you shouldn't buckle to every bit of criticism you've ever received if it's taking you away from your original vision for a story. &amp;nbsp; It's true that people generally prefer bite sized chunks of story on nosleep. Somewhere in the 1000-2000 word area. But if you don't want to write stories that short, then you shouldn't. For some people, it just doesn't really leave a lot of room for characterization or description. So it's better if they write in the way that's most comfortable for them, to make the best possible story, instead of trying to force themselves to write differently and make a story that didn't come out as well as they wanted it to. You can grow a fanbase off of a good story that doesn't get a lot of attention right off the bat, given time. You can't grow one off of a bad or mediocre story that does happen to get that attention. You should challenge yourself as a writer occasionally, but you shouldn't do it because you expect your stories will get more attention that way.
I swear I've seen something like this a few times too. Trying to turn on a lighter or light a match or something, and then suddenly jumpscare. I just can't put my finger of what exactly.
It's not a horror story, but you would probably love [Worm.](https://parahumans.wordpress.com/) The general premise is a dark superhero story, where the character's state of mind and mental well being directly affect the powers, and Vice-Versa. All in all, it's a downright amazing story and a fairly realistic portrayal. It's also a darker story, so it's sort of on the same track as a nosleep story. But... it totals at around 1.7 million words. So it's kind of a ridiculously long story. I listened to the fan-made audiobook and that took me a year to get through.
&gt;point and laugh Problem solved.
It's definitely recency bias. It's pretty hard to argue that BotW made more of an impact than Minecraft of all games. &amp;nbsp; BotW is a great game, and it'll always be considered one of the best open world games. It pulled a Zelda all over and and will probably be talked about for years when people bring up open world game design. (Unless the sequel manages to pull off the same thing but better, if that happens then it'll inevitably be the one we end up talking about more.) &amp;nbsp; But it's definitely not even close to the same level as something like Minecraft. A game that's not only actually been a major thing throughout the ***entire*** decade, but ended up being something that impacted the indie game scene as a whole. *Heavily.* It's more than likely what sold so many of the larger companies on the idea that games by smaller teams or studios *can* blow up given the opportunity, after the ridiculous success Microsoft saw with it. It was just a way more important game in the grand scheme of things.
Gives me some classic flash game nostalgia, I liked it. There are a few bugs though. - Health upgrade shows you the price you're going to be charged *after* you buy the upgrade. - Settings(?) button in the top right does nothing. - Clicking on the upgrade, pause, or info, buttons all fire a shot which can screw you over when you're being swarmed. - Coffee/Slowdown shot didn't seem like it did anything. All pretty minor stuff in the long run though, didn't take away from how fun it was.
This is such a specific niche idea that it's not worth seriously asking for, but Source style FPS physics. I just want to see what it's like to recreate Surf in another engine. For a serious idea, I'd just want to see a more in-depth explanation of messing around with physics than what some of the other FPS tutorials have done. So that I could eventually figure out source-style physics myself.
Oh. You're *crazy.* Sorry for the attention, sir and/or madam.
Yeah, but that's why you have those specific platforms for tech demos and unfinished ideas. That's sort of the point of places like Itch.io, gamejolt, and indieDB. And that's not the *only* purpose of those sites. A lot of devs use itch.io as their way of selling the game DRM free and getting full profit from the sale, for example. But that is an important part of the platform. &amp;nbsp; There probably does need to be a barrier to entry, but it should be set on platforms where you're actually meant to be marketing and selling your game, like steam. And Steam is absolutely not picking up the slack on that, there was a whole wave of asset flip "hentai" games flooding the stores for a while.
I'm pretty new to Godot, but all exporting variables does is let you see them in the inspector right? To be honest, it seems like a really minor thing. I think I prefer just opening up the script anyways.
Case in point, some of BotW's environmental art was outsourced. Which the article highlights. It's not really a negative thing at all. It's honestly just boring technical stuff. But if it's true, it's some re-assurance that the game is still being worked on at least.
This is cool as hell, not sure why it's gotten so little attention.
It's just pretty dated in terms of control scheme, and pretty buggy even for the era. It's not a very fun experience. NES Metroid is to Super's control scheme what Super is to the modern 2D games.
I think it would be more surprising not to get gyro aiming, really. Basically every major first party release since the Switch launch has had some kind of gyro feature. But it is Nintendo and you can't count on Nintendo to keep it up with anything. So that's not a guarantee we will see gyro aim.
It *should* come to the Switch, it honestly needs to considering how long it's been since the last game. But it's Nintendo, and "should" basically guarantees it's *not.*
I'm thinking an end of 2021 release, personally. The Prime games have sort of a history for being rushed to make the holidays. Hell, the Metroid franchise as a whole really. Plus even if they started *on the day the development reboot was announced,* that's still about three years of development time. [Which is what the producer was originally shooting for.](https://www.eurogamer.net/articles/2015-06-17-next-proper-metroid-prime-would-likely-now-be-on-nx) Starting earlier almost guarantees that, honestly. &amp;nbsp; [There was also the whole rumor that *Retro* were the ones who were pushing to work on Prime 4. Supposedly to the point where they even sent a tech demo in to convince Nintendo higher-ups when the original game's development was falling through.](https://www.reddit.com/r/NintendoSwitch/comments/ajsr6o/rumor_retro_studios_reportedly_pitched_a_demo_for/) If *that's* true, the game is probably way further along than people are assuming. They'd have needed to be ready to work on it the second the got the go-ahead. But it's still a rumor, which makes it inherently pretty shaky. And it's yet another one mentioning a supposed Prime Trilogy port that we haven't even gotten teased about so far. Taking it seriously is probably more wishful thinking than anything else.
I mean for better or worse, it's what I'm using for something similar. But I have no experience, I just want to make something fun. I think it's good to stick with something and tough through it even if there are problems, though. You can't drive a car if you keep going back to your garage and changing the engine, after all.
I mean I agree, that's why you're here complaining that people are asking for really basic small features.
Man, for a guy called Webster... You're really mixing up these terms. OS would refer to the operating system and the code attached to it. UI refers to user interface, the specific part of the OS dedicated to being interacted. If people are asking for UI updates, they're asking for changes to the *parts* of the operating system's code that change the user interface. Which includes adding more customization features *to the UI.* If they were asking for OS updates, it *could* mean UI updates. Or it could mean something more behind the scenes. For example: fixing an issue that causes the Switch to crash if you opened a certain physical game without the cartridge in. It's significantly less specific. So UI update is the correct term here, if people are specifically talking about the user interface.
I just can't stand the people acting like adding something as small as themes and folders is suddenly going to make the home menu is going to magically make it lag as badly as the mess that is the PS4 menu. Like, no. The system has four gigs of ram. The only thing that would make it lag that badly is hundreds of pointless animations like the Wii U and 3DS menus.
What did you think people were doing?
Wow, this really sums up the Prime combat in a way I haven't been able to put into words before. Lock-on makes the game all about dodging and timing, instead of accuracy. It's what sets the Prime games apart.
The fact that all opinions are allowed is why you're getting called out as an asshole.
I feel like that was more on Nintendo trying not to take risks more than anything. Remember that Halo didn't come out until way into Prime 1's development, and that was the game that sort of "proved" twinstick controls should be the new standard. Personally, I think the Wii controls showed that it was really all in the level and combat design that made the games feel the way they did. Because those are essentially twinstick.
I have a friend starting up a new LawlessRP if you want to check that out. [Here's his Discord server.](https://discord.gg/nRmGaRw)
I'd recommend swapping the place of "Gameplay trailer" and the game's title. The title goes offscreen, which is absolutely *not* what you want if this trailer pops up in people's recommended or something. You want people to be able to google it and find your steam page or social media right away.
You're welcome. Edit: Best advice for someone learning English? "Learning English is hard. You just need to tough through it, though."
Hollow Knight is a great game. It has an amazing story, an eye-catching art style, a soundtrack that fits it perfectly, and way *way* too much content for a game that's only $15. But the thing about it is that you get absolutely zero direction, because the order that you play the game in is pretty much up to you. And it is also hard as hell. My first playthrough ended up being 80 hours long because I just avoided this one boss that pissed me off, and ended up fighting it basically last. Which was a great experience, but also definitely a frustrating one at times.
You've made a grave error, Carson boy.
You won't find anything like Metroid Prime right now, unfortunately. Nobody's really taken the time to make a Prime-inspired indie Metroidvania, and Metroid Prime 4 itself is a ways off because of the development reboot. But as far as 2D games go, both NES Metroid and Super Metroid are available on the NES and SNES emulators that come with Switch online. Also, the Metroidvania scene has stuck to the Switch like glue. &amp;nbsp; For classic Metroid inspired indie games, there's Axiom Verge and A Robot named Fight. Axiom Verge is an extremely meta sci-fi game with an art style inspired by the original NES Metroid. A Robot named Fight is like Doom meets The Binding of Isaac meets Super Metroid. It's a rogue-like that randomly generates a miniature Metroidvania every time you play, and the game itself plays near identically to Super Metroid. &amp;nbsp; There's also Hollow Knight, which is less directly Metroid inspired but is by far one of the best Metroidvania games released, to date. It's also the longest, being around ~40 hours of content at a minimum. With a massive map and entirely optional chunks of the game that you can miss. It's worth checking out too, even if the theme might not seem like it's up your alley at first.
They didn't, they're basically going at the same exponential pace. The issue isn't the consoles are making less progress, it's that every generation needs an even bigger jump than the last one to feel like it's made the *same* amount of progress. No one can keep up with that, the tech just isn't developing fast enough to mass produce that at a reasonable price. &amp;nbsp; But not *looking* like it's making progress doesn't mean that the games aren't still getting that much harder to run than the previous generation. New games still have significantly higher texture and model quality, along with more behind the scenes complexity like larger maps and procedural generation systems. Plus a vast majority of games run at 60 FPS now, it's the expected norm instead of an "Oh cool, they're doing this" kind of thing. So behind the scenes, games are ridiculously harder to run. &amp;nbsp; And port devs can do a lot of things, from lowering the resolution, to re-doing textures, to compressing assets better, to cutting certain unnecessary visual effects... But the fact of the matter is that some assets are just too high of a quality to run on the Switch, and it would take too much effort to completely re-do them. Look at Doom. For as much as they tried to optimize and cut out the fact so the game would run well enough on the Switch, still couldn't even hit a steady 720p at 30 FPS. Models just have a higher polygon count in current gen games. A count that's too high for a system on par with the *previous* generation to handle. Fixing that would require redoing basically *every* model in the game to lower that quality to something that the Switch could handle. Too much for a porting studio to do, there's a good chance they don't even have people with that skillset working at their studio. &amp;nbsp; Power is important, and not even just for graphics. Pulling a "New 3DS XL" where they have exclusive games that only run on the newer stronger system... feels pretty inevitable at this point.
No, from a technical perspective they *are* making exponential progress. The average polygon count of models, for example, has jumped from tens, to hundreds, to thousands, to *millions* across the generations. Which is exponential progress. You also left out the actually import part of that second sentence. &gt;to ***feel like it's*** made the same amount of progress. The way it *feels* doesn't mean anything against the actual hard numbers.
I think the fact that this game relies so heavily on its art style, and the fact that art production is by far the most time consuming part of development (especially for an indie studio), might have a lot to do with it. Even if the gameplay development was *finished,* they still wouldn't be able to show it off that well on Kickstarter. The game itself lives and dies on the art and the atmosphere they created with that art. But it's definitely not a good sign that updates are *this* sparse and spread out.
I think they meant Rage 2 in general, not a Switch port. WalMart basically leaked the entirety of E3 2018 a few days before it. Actually, if I remember correctly, literally the day before E3. Which I feel like *way* too many people just gloss over.
That's Microsoft though. They were pretty much the first company to give up on true exclusivity and start porting to PC. And Cuphead wasn't even just on the Windows 10 store, for PC. It was on *steam.* Which means it was already on one of their competitors' platforms. Sony's way stingier, they wouldn't even do crossplay for the longest time. So it's way more surprising.
Some of the chemicals they use to keep the silica gel in bead form poses a potential cancer risk, that's another major reason for the warning. But I doubt you're going to accidentally chew on one and get instant cancer.
Let's take a moment to appreciate that the one thing real in this post was the *size of the fucking catfish.*
It'd probably fit well on /r/kenopsia EDIT: Never mind, someone already reposted it
Yeah, more people need to know about this. Found it two years ago, made a podcast inspired by it one year ago. Fits this whole vibe perfectly.
Shoutout to Yedoma Globula for basically recreating this feeling perfectly.
I'm disappointed in the fact that there's enough of this that people are actually confused over *which one* they're talking about.
Those flies taunting the frog like "eat me now, bitch!"
Sounds like *someone* didn't grow up playing Silent Hill.
Everyone responded simultaneously. There were over a hundred thousand people online.
God damn, you really don't even have to be subtle these days to rile people up. I'm like... genuinely impressed that you managed to get this much attention going in guns blazing and obviously trying to piss people off.
Kinda figures they'd go with something like that, for the shape. Microsoft went to a total extreme with bland minimalism, to the point where their console is literally just a PC tower. So of course Sony would go the exact opposite extreme, just plain weird. To the point where it could be a modern art sculpture with some edgy name like "despair." I think they're both pretty great though regardless, because they're both going to such ridiculous extremes that it feels fun again. The whole last generation, from all three companies, was just boring. It was black box, slanted black box, and squished black box.
This has actually been a thing since literally the dawn of video games. It's kind of funny, because you can look as far back as the SNES and see games that pretty much just look like NES games with some extra button inputs. New hardware takes a bit to learn, and companies have to start making products they can *sell* the second they get their hands on a development kit. If they blindly dive in expecting the hardware to be more powerful than it actually is, they risk making a game that doesn't run well and sells poorly as a result. So instead, they dip their toes. Only go slightly past the limitations they had with the previous generation. And once they have more experience with the console, and time in general, they can start taking full advantage of the hardware.
Which means this is what you call subtle.
Last gen really hit the diminishing return point on polygon count, and that's the thing that draws the eye first. So the graphical jump is definitely going to be a little less dramatic. Lighting isn't a big deal, because that's looked pretty good since the PS3. But better particle systems and reflections do make a massive difference once you see it in practice. &amp;nbsp; But newer hardware won't really be about the graphics this time around. The focus isn't really on better reflections and stuff. It's about being able to keep that same level of detail, but load more of it at once and faster. The whole gimmick of the game is really about showing that off. They're basically bragging that they can load multiple maps at once, stack them on top of each other, and connect them together with render portals. Teleporting the player between them on the fly with no load time whatsoever. Any kind of portal like that is actually pretty hard to render. Which is why the actual game Portal was a pretty big feat back in the day. And they're just casually dropping you through ten or so that all lead to different levels that need to be loaded, all while managing to keep it seamless.
[I don't know man, I think it must be in the dark web or something.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uF_oZxob9Og)
That's a pretty key point that I feel like people always downplay. The reboot was announced around like the beginning of January, not in like may or something. It was right at the beginning of 2018/end of 2019 area. That's a whole extra *half a year* more than what people usually make it sound like.
I always forget about weird NES ridley that pretty much spawned from some artist totally misreading that sprite.
Pretty accurate considering it's also the manifestation of "Jesus fuck don't touch that, YOU WILL DIE."
Aside from this being the biggest "holy shit how did I miss this" OOTL, how did you not notice literally all of the subreddit
That was a PS3 game
Yep. Went from several games every generation to one singular game in the entire generational span. Here's hoping the PS5 sees a return to form.
The point's been brought up in the past that maybe game development is just getting harder, with the higher fidelity. But at the same time, the tools are also getting easier. Like, for example, two guys with some free time can make a game as impressive looking as Hollow Knight. So that doesn't seem like the issue to me.
I feel like nothing's ever going to beat Zuthar's classic stuff. Because he, you know, *actually roleplayed.* But now he only plays GTA RP, and he only streams it. It's good content, but I don't have the attention span for livestreams personally. Plexiate has some fun stuff, but it definitely leans more towards that kind of content. There's nobody else who actually does roleplay/skit type content in DarkRP anymore, though. As far as I know.
Just saying, as the person who literally wrote the books on LawlessRP and championed it for a good few years... It's pretty damn tough to pull off in Gmod. I would say to go with a Lawless Lite. Everything you've listed here will work great with that. The idea of minimalism with job design especially. Having just a few classes that do a *lot* of different things is a core idea in LawlessRP. It lets people be more creative with their roleplay. Some recommendations there would be broad stroke jobs that cover a lot of bases. Not just one criminal that does everything, but one job that can be either a criminal or a good guy. So for example: No "gangster," because that's just a renamed citizen with a model swap. No "thief," but call it a locksmith instead so that it can be used for non-crime related roleplays. That was my mindset, at least. &amp;nbsp; But basically, just don't bother trying to remove the RDM rule. You can make it less restrictive, maybe only cops have a straight RDM rule while normal players just have a "MassDM" rule. But if you try to remove it entirely, for *all* players, like you would want to with a full-on LawlessRP... It will do nothing but cause headaches. Not for your players, but for *you.* (Sorry, it gets long from this point on. I keep editing my comment to put in points I forgot to touch on.) &amp;nbsp; --- &amp;nbsp; Let's say you tried to shoot for a full-on LawlessRP. Keep in mind that for a real LawlessRP, the idea is that you're basically putting yourself under the self-imposed restriction that you're *not allowed* to use rules, while designing the gameplay. Rules are only meant to be used for unavoidable things in Gmod, like server crashing. &amp;nbsp; Now that means... a lot of things. &amp;nbsp; For starters... It means accepting some RDM as a given. You have no rule against it. Even the best gameplay system can't *completely* prevent it, unless you make the game unreasonably difficult. So your goal isn't to stop RDM. It's to stop RDM from *being a problem.* Make it unsavory enough that people use it as a gameplay mechanic, not an excuse to fuck with other players. &amp;nbsp; For another thing... It means that even if you do use rules, you treat them as if they're temporary. A band-aid over a problem that you're going to come back and fix with some gameplay system later on. For example: Cops RDMing? Slap a "police aren't allowed to RDM" rule over it for a bit. Then come back later with a corruption system that punishes police for killing or arresting innocent players, and a system for keeping of crimes properly. None of your rules are meant to be permanent, unless they relate to something outside of the gameplay/roleplay. Like scripting, server crashing, chat spamming, harassment, etc. &amp;nbsp; Finally... You'd have to recognize that you'll basically be doing the same amount of work as real game design. And you'll constantly be striving just to get back to what normal DarkRP, is through gameplay alone. No rules. That means either using pre-made addons in *extremely* creative ways to fit your ideas... Or finding a way to get custom addons made, which usually means learning gLua. Both are hard in their own ways. You'd have to accept that you're going to have some shit ideas that don't work, and you probably won't notice the problems beforehand. You might end up wasting months on, say, a karma based leveling system that everyone hates and begs you to remove. And once you do notice the issues with it, you'll either to need to make drastic changes... Or scrap the system entirely and try something else. That always sucks, and it's just something that'll happen occasionally. &amp;nbsp; LawlessRP, in the way I wrote that guide way back in 2016, doesn't work well on its own. As much as 16 year old me would probably argue that it did. The reality is that it wasn't meant to be perfect. It was meant to be easy, changes that could be made in *any* DarkRP server and used as a jumping off point to get a feel for the ruleset. It only relies on two measly mechanics to somehow make it work. Police enforcing RDM with long jail times, and guns being expensive as hell to discourage wasting them on RDM. And let me tell you, Gmod players are crazy. Those two things are *not* enough on their own to make anyone care. &amp;nbsp; #TL:DR Real LawlessRP is basically treating DarkRP like an actual game, and designing it like you're not allowed to use rules. Any rules you *do* use should be temporary, with the expectation that you're going to replace them with a gameplay system later on. Except for stuff that can't be enforced in any other way, like server crashing and scripting. That makes it insanely difficult to pull off in a way that *works.* &amp;nbsp; Lawless Lite, on the other hand, lets you use some rules as a crutch. For example, RDM, MassDM, Police RDM, targetting, etc. Stuff that would otherwise make you spend months worth of headaches trying to enforce through gameplay alone. The idea there is just to take a step back with the rules, and give people more freedom to choose what kind of roleplay *they* want to do. &amp;nbsp; So Lawless Lite is easier, and the better choice overall, unless you have some top tier skills and resources.
I'm always happy to write a wall of text for people that like reading them. And DarkRP game design is one of the few things I can genuinely just nerd out about, and write walls of text for. As a precaution, I'll say two things. One, don't make any job spawn with guns unless it's a cop. Not even VIP jobs. They'll immediately ruin the balance, especially if you go for a MassDM or Police RDM system, over a normal RDM rule. You want guns to be hard to obtain, even shitty ones. And *especially* the good ones. Two, try not to go too overboard with anything VIP related. Keep in mind that is literally a microtransaction, just an unavoidable one considering the a majority people running a *Gmod* server are broke kids that can't afford a host out of pocket. And absolutely *do not* offer custom classes, unless they're something as small as "Pick an existing job, but you get to put a custom name and model over it." I learned that lesson the hard way...
I forgot this existed. Why
Off topic, but what is with this subreddit just randomly minimizing people's comments lately? I keep trying to figure out why something like this got downvoted out of nowhere, only to realize it actually has like six upvotes and was just minimized for no reason.
Leveling systems can be pretty fun. Progression keeps people coming back, and it's a goal beyond just "I want to be super fucking rich." As long as the starter stuff isn't too restrictive. But keep in mind you need to manually set up how you gain experience if you're using the one built into DarkRP. There are only two ways to gain XP by default. Kill other players, or gain it over time. Neither of which are really that fun. Gaining it through time means more people will just AFK farm. And gaining it through kills, on a LawlessRP, means more people will go out of their way to shoot other players when they wouldn't have otherwise. So disabling that, and having it be gained through more roleplay-oriented methods like collecting resources or arresting players, tends to work out better. People gain it passively by going the things they were already going to do.
Even that's not really open world on that level. What they did there was take the normal progression path system a Metroidvania uses, and then layer four or five of them on top of each other. Each possible direction a player could go eventually railroads them into one of the progression paths, it's just that you have the freedom to switch tracks at any time.
It's learning
&gt;that AAA publishers will want to port their games to. was the exact phrasing they used. Which is *very* true. You had to put in extra effort to make a unique version of the game that not only used a totally different controller, but also probably couldn't even use the same engine as the other versions because the Wii was basically just a slightly souped up GameCube in terms of hardware. It was a hell of effort to put into a simple port, and all to release it on a console where it wouldn't even sell that well. Because, despite the console sales, half of the people that owned it never even bought any games besides the one packed into the console itself. That second one is probably what really killed it for AAA publishers. They were only putting in the effort because of the insanely high install base, but those didn't remotely reflect the people that would actually buy games on the console. So obviously, support fell off pretty quickly. The Switch is honestly the first Nintendo console in a *long* time, at least since the GameCube, that's actually been successful in its own market. It sold well because it appeals really well to people who actually play games, and it dropped in a time where gaming is more popular than it's ever been.
I think that A is probably too hard. It's unavoidably common. MOD: [As with anything, it's a thing...](https://www.reddit.com/r/Object1/comments/hbndb3/ive_found_the_most_evil_cruel_subreddit_in/)
You should probably pay a bit more attention to context. The *games* sold piss poor. The Wii was a success because it *literally* appealed to everyone. But not everyone buys games. Hardware sales were through the roof, but software sales were pretty lukewarm in comparison. The Switch is a vastly larger success because it appeals to everyone who *actually plays games.* And most games with a Switch release tend to sell pretty damn well on the console, provided they can back that up with quality. Mario is Nintendo's flagship franchise, and it highlights that situation pretty well. Mario Galaxy barely managed double the sales of Sunshine on a console that sold *five times* what the Gamecube did. 12 million copies to Sunshine's 6. Odyssey managed the same number in the Switch's *launch year,* and currently it's sitting at around 17 million copies sold. This is why it's getting insane AAA support that neither of the past two Nintendo consoles have gotten. It's not just hardware sales, it's *meaningful* hardware sales that will directly reflect software sales.
Obviously gotta make sure there's some ["useless scribbles"](https://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/1b0dbq/guy_unknowingly_cleans_miyamotos_autograph_off_of/) on the console to get rid of too.
This went from "Oh you got me" to "Oh holy fuck" real fast.
I feel this. I came from Gmod before Godot, which is some pretty over the top stuff in Lua. I had basically zero experience with it, or coding in general. Just minor edits to other people's addons and setting up DarkRP servers. But GDScript helped me strumble the basics a bit easier purely because it felt similar enough to what I *did* know in Lua.
This is probably all dev textures and stuff, but I'd honestly be down to play an RPG in this bubsy 3D looking world fighting numbers. I'm probably just on a surreal RPG kick though, Hylics 2 just dropped recently.
So in other words, same old same old.
I've been using this for months now and it really, honestly, needs some more widespread attention. It's such a good tool.
I forgot Dead Island 2 existed It was announced *before* they made the actual Dead Island sequel, wasn't it?
&gt;Think something like hotline miami, but instead of a gangster, you're a cop who breaks into people's houses and murders them. I'm going to assume you haven't played Hotline Miami 2
All I'll say is you definitely need to get around to playing it
