I'm not the OP but there's no need to ask such a simple statement. We know what objective something is. It means it's not subjective to anything. For instance, let's create a universe where only two entities exist. Entity A punches entity B and says "I only do good things and when I punched you, that's a good thing". Entity B as a few options: * they can accept entity A's claim and believe them being punched was good, * they can reject entity A's claim and believe them being punched was evil, * they can reason that since entity A is reasoning this, this reason is subjective to entity A. Entity B might also think that whatever they themselves believes would also be subjective. So perhaps there's something objective that exists and they can come to the conclusion that punching entities is good. This is an example of objective values. However, both entity A and entity B are required to follow it. It doesn't come from entity A (which makes it subjective). It doesn't come from entity B (which also makes it subjective). It's objective, i.e. it doesn't come from any entity. Now replace entity A with "humans" and entity B with "God" and you get the same argument. If objective moral values exist, God is required to obey them. For instance, God has performed various actions including killing men, women, children, and cattle. If you believe that God can never do evil and objective moral values exist then killing men, women, children, and cattle isn't objectively evil. Let's weaken my position a bit and use another example. I'd say it's fair to say that killing a person is usually bad. I think you'll agree with me. However, there are reasons when killing a person isn't evil. For example: you've been convicted of capital crimes and I work for the state and execute you. In this case, me killing you is not evil since I was given authority to do so. Christians claim that God has the authority to kill anyone, whether it's men, women, or children. I.e. when God kills (or when God commands for others to kill), it's not evil. To add, it's even moral to do so since you're obeying God's commands. Now I'm having trouble with objective moral values since they shouldn't have loopholes. For instance, if you kill for self-defense, that could be an objective moral value because it's not tied to you - life should be able to preserve itself. This is as opposed to granting a certain entity rights to kill anyone. That's special pleading to me. It results in the following objective moral values: * it's evil to kill men, women, and children * unless it's self-defense * or if you're God or a representative of God who has the proper power to kill anyone Now let's look at subjective moral values. Let's say that I become a dictator and I grant myself the authority to kill men, women, and children. What do those subjective moral values look like: * it's evil to kill men, women, and children * unless it's self-defense * or if you're me or my representative who has the proper power to kill anyone It's the same thing as objective moral values. However, this is subjective, not objective and there is no difference between moral values being subjective to me or subjective to God - it's not objective. To have actual objective moral values, it would be: * it's evil to kill men, women, and children * unless it's self-defense God would be required to follow objective moral values and would either be called evil when he killed men, women, or children, or it's simply not objectively evil to kill men, women, or children. Which is it?
&gt; The question for OP is by what standard is objective morality defined. My comment showed you that either the standard is all subjective or, if an objective standard exists then God has committed some atrocities. &gt; For the Christian it is defined by God’s character as revealed in Scripture. I feel like you didn't read what I wrote but based on God's character, it looks like you picked the latter option: killing men, women, and children isn't objectively evil. &gt; &gt; If objective moral values exist, God is required to obey them. &gt; Which He does. This proves it: * Objective moral values exist * God obeys them * God only does good things * God kills men, women, and children * Therefore killing men, women, and children isn't objectively evil and is in fact objectively good &gt; Except you’d need to be omniscient to absolutely determine that a particular act is objectively wrong. That's another argument. &gt; Can you prove God acted unjustly? Without making up a definition that God can only do objectively good things, can you prove that God acted justly when he killed men, women, and children?
I.e. the same God with the same unchanging and perfect moral standard.
&gt; Oh that’s hilarious Are you debating or not? I couldn't care less about your links. Can you reply to the words I used with yours otherwise the debate might as well be Googled.
Then at least we have fingerprints as opposed to nothing.
I just want to ask whoever did this... what the hell were they thinking.
This was just covered. Logical impossibilities aren't part of something anyone is capable of doing because it makes no sense. It's not a question of being omnipotent, it's a question of the proposition not making any sense. Also just a general idea: ALL of these topics have been more or less covered to death for thousands of years. There is no "easy example" that something nobody thought of that somehow immediately refutes any religion.
What's your debate? This seems like a question suited for the weekly Ask-a-Christian post.
So there's ignorance - i.e. stuff we don't know - and there's logic. For instance, a basic thing is a contradiction. X cannot be X and NOT X at the same time. That's just logic. It's not a question of ignorance, it's a question of logic.
&gt; God does not follow anything If he doesn't follow objective morality and he does what he wants and that's called moral then that's subjective morality... to God. &gt; You are viewing objective values as if it is a concept above God Himself which He adheres to. Yep, i.e. actual objective moral values. &gt; As has been stated, God is the objective moral standard. Subjective moral standard is a standard that's based on someone's morality. In this case, that would be God's. Therefore subjective moral values.
&gt; God acts according to His own will, which is the standard of morality. 1) says you, and 2) this is subjective morality An objective standard is NOT based on ANY entity. Otherwise it's subjective to that entity. If the moral system is, basically, "X says" then it's an X-based morality - a morality subjective to that X. Here: if I invent my own morality system, it's subjective to me - it's what I think it is. I can't claim it's objective unless it's not tied to anyone (including me). You can say that God's standard is better than mine (debatable) but it's all subjective. &gt; It doesn't make logical sense to say that God must follow some standard that is higher than Himself. It doesn't matter. When you're claiming objective morality, it's by definition not subjective and not tied to what anyone thinks - including God. You can claim that God's standard is the best but you cannot claim it's objective.
Thanks for the clarification - I totally agree. Thankfully we have better dialogue now (vs. 50 years ago) where rape isn't as much of a stigma to report as before (it's still a stigma but it's relatively better). So I hope more people come forward and more rapists are prosecuted. I also hope that those who lie about rape are also prosecuted so we maximize the amount of guilty people convicted and get some justice.
&gt; You're trying to apply a constraint which is on humans, to God. No I'm applying a definition of subjective vs. objective, whether it's you, me, aliens, God, or anything else. For instance, 1+1=2 no matter what you, me, aliens, or God thinks. That's objective. What you're talking about is your alleged claim that God has *superior* moral values than humans. That's fine and a debate for another time but that's still subjective... to God.
* related to any entity? Subjective to that entity. * not related to any entity? Objective. 1+1=2 doesn't come from anyone. If you had all life die, 1+1 would still be 2. Killing someone? Depends on who you ask. If all life died, there wouldn't be an answer.
Very nice! Can you take more pictures - I'd love to see what's inside! I'm actually getting my heads on a first edition - don't get excited - of the Don Quixote illustrated by Gustave Dore (c1870). I'll post pictures (should be in a month or so). Can you please take some more pictures - I'd love to peek inside!
Can you post it as a new topic? I'd like to read it and I'll promise to upvote it for your effort :]
I completely agree.
Don't forget the periodic table.
&gt; I'm showing you where you stand without an objective standard I'd like to clarify that we're talking about objective moral standards. &gt; I'm not creating a new definition, I'm arguing that the only way you can have an objective standard is if God is that standard. [Where is your definition in this dictionary?](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/objective) &gt; I can 100% without a single doubt, and with a completely straight face say that raping infants is evil, and I can say that, if for no other reason, because it is contrary to God's nature. God's nature includes killing of infants and requiring others to kill them. I don't believe you can say for sure that God wouldn't want you to rape them. &gt; You however, must grant that raping infants is not evil Oh no. I do believe it's evil. I just think it's my opinion. Thankfully others share that opinion. &gt; The best you can say is that raping infants is wrong to you, but you have no grounds for condemning others for raping infants Sure I can. I can say that what someone is doing is bad. You're in the same boat as me, you just believe - without proof - that your moral system is objective when it's really subjective. &gt; The killing of anything and anyone by God's direct action is good and moral. As I said, you believe that killing infants is good - with your allegedly objective moral values system - in the cases where God commands it or does it himself. &gt; First you were working with raping infants, but you changed it to killing infants. I had both examples. The former, I made up. The latter is your belief. I find it a bit odd that you're OK with killing infants but not raping them. Such a distinction for something you know is wrong is odd but I'm used to it. That's why I made the example - because both are horrible and both are condemned by vast majority of our species... except people like you who defend it when God is involved. &gt; I'm glad you don't like the killing of infants, given that, I can assume you're pro-life? I'm pro-choice but with severe restrictions, mostly tied to our technology. For instance, if we had a way to transport a zygote into something that would properly develop it into an infant then I'd be against almost all types of abortions. But that's a specific example. You're OK with God killing absolutely all life in the universe, whether it's a zygote, a fetus, an infant, child, adult, the elderly, etc. One, one million, one billion, everyone? All life is moral to snuff out when God is involved.
You're just not seeing how your allegedly objective moral values force you to support killing infants because someone says so and I'm the one with a problem? I don't need to tell you what to believe or what foundation to have. I'm not your savior (pun intended). However, Christianity's objective moral values keep on changing despite your insistence of digging in your heels. The objectively moral slavery of old is now immoral. Christian views on divorce, intermarriage, interfaith, and gay relationships has flipped 180 (the gay bit is new so it keeps on turning but it'll get there). You're telling me that your objective moral values is a foundation but it keeps on shifting to exactly opposite directions and you're still saying it's objective when it's completely different. I mean at least one of you is wrong - Christians now or Christians before. Hopefully your attitudes will change on male genital mutilation - one can only hope - but the choice has always been with the popular opinion. It's the minority who change opinion and when the majority adopts it, it becomes the new truth. Unless you're telling me that slavery is still moral and all the other stuff that Christians used to believe in but no longer do, while having the same beliefs in the same moral system. I haven't found any inconsistencies in my moral system. It's subjective, just like yours, and that's all anyone can say. You can't prove your system is objective any more than you can prove God. Based on the definition, you've already failed and you're in total subjective land. Welcome aboard, the rest of our species is already here!
This is interesting and I read somewhere that the Wachowski's (no longer brothers, btw) did have a relation to Christianity but they took works from a bunch of people, including obviously Descartes at the core. However, they make various changes and keep flipping back and forth. For instance, Neo's sacrifice at the end was similar to Jesus but there are confusing and contradictory themes. Who is The Oracle? The Architect? Zion is obvious but what about the previous destructions - is that the temple which was only destroyed twice? What about the Merovingian and Persephone? How about this: why can't The Matrix be a lesson about environmental policy, growth of AI, reliance on technology, etc. It can fit all those themes without ever touching religion let alone Christianity. The whole story reeks of ignoring evidence to fit a narrative and if you're looking for a pattern, you will find it. The story of Jesus isn't unique. Self-sacrifice for the greater good predates Christianity by millennia. So while it's interesting - I like the movies - and while your analysis is also interesting, it falls short of what the story actually is and how it relates to only Christianity as opposed to having Christian elements (including pre-Christian elements that the religion has adopted). Getting back into the "real world", Adam and Eve didn't exist, there was no garden, and Original Sin doesn't exist. The idea of facing consequences for no longer being ignorant is a very old tale.
Incomplete thought so fair warning... * The Bible hasn't been changed in a very long time * Christians claim that God doesn't change and his morals stay the same * Christian morality has changed, sometimes pulling a 180 entirely These don't look to be compatible. It seems like either God changed his mind or at least one group of Christians is incorrect when interpreting the Bible. Which is it?
No problem. The sad reality is that this is a good thing for the market long term because [the market has been on a huge tear](https://www.tradingview.com/x/CoZQtgLL/) with barely any breather since 2008. It needs to consolidate and I don't mean dipping 10% for a week. I mean real solid consolidation and a nice base to grow from. It's been a while but I wrote a huge multi-page analysis back in February of the serious problem we're about to hit. It's a mix of: * stock buybacks artificially inflating stock prices that has unhinged from how much profit they're making. * low interest rates going up due to the Fed trying to create wiggle room. * Fed itself having problems with their [balance sheet still over $4t](https://www.federalreserve.gov/monetarypolicy/bst_recenttrends.htm). * large debt-to-GDP ratio in the US with a large deficit still (this was before the recent tax cuts), giving lawmakers less room for any stimulus spending. * 4-5 tested levels of support on the Dow, most of which were tested exactly once. If the Dow fails those, we're looking at Dow at about 18,000 which is a 28% drop from current levels. * various problems with world markets (ex: China's stock market) which I believe is a precusor to [what happened in Japan](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lost_Decade_\(Japan\))
I think low growth is to be expected in the US considering our size. The only thing that could make the US economy blow up is another invention. For instance: renewables. We had this before: the tech boom blew up the economy into massive investments, expansion, hiring, profits, and high wages. If the US would like to change from the old dirty energy production and make serious investments into renewable energy production (and some of that is happening already) then that could blow up the economy with high growth. Interest rates will lower to encourage investments too. But the problem isn't the desire but the politics.
Thanks and you're correct. Did I say it was part of the government?
Some parts of the Bible are sexist. Women aren't mentioned because they're the property of men. Men buy them from their future father-in-law and the exchange of property is completed as a transaction. When the man enters, the woman comes as part of the package.
You're asking for historical chain of events about the birth of Jesus? Joseph's erect penis went inside of Mary's vagina when he eventually ejaculated and Mary got pregnant, giving birth to a person who ultimately founded a religious movement. There's nothing special here - this happened many times before.
You're asking for a historical chain of events so you're already starting out from a bad point of view since any divine claims are not historical. I.e. God isn't a historical fact so God elected Mary as much as Zeus did - from a historical point of view. As far as how Mary got pregnant, I simply explained how she got pregnant. God wasn't involved. From a historical point of view, you'll be greeted with silence on the topic other than: * Joseph existed * Mary existed * Jesus existed * all available evidence points to Joseph having sex with Mary who got pregnant with Jesus You're asking the wrong question since you cannot ask for a historical chain of events.
Do it for the upvotes!
&gt; Because I am not asking for a "Agnostic Atheist" view point. Why do you believe that for historical claims, you're required to not be an agnostic atheist? Do you believe that there is anything but one history? For instance, there's the actual history and then there's a parallel universe with Christian history, and another parallel universe with Muslim history, etc? This is what I'm asking you: * do you want an actual historical account, or * do you want someone to explain to you the religious background If you want actual history then anyone can reply since actual history isn't only reserved for Christians. If you want a religious background then you could still have an atheist reply but I'd agree that it's better to have a Christian reply. You didn't specify and you just wanted historical claims so I answered based on those.
&gt; where did you get the historical fact From actual history. Since you disregard actual history, there's no need to elaborate but I'm sure you can Google it, reject actual history, and instead believe what you want to believe.
Already on my list but thanks :]
To be fair, I think vast majority of everyone - theist or atheist - is agnostic.
Well... have an upvote anyway :]
&gt; the central issue of the entire belief system, right? This is because a few random people required all Christians to adopt this belief. &gt; You are basically arguing that Christians should not be Christians. I'm arguing that instead of enjoying a beautiful metaphor, a few random people are forcing billions of Christians to believe in nonsense.
/u/ezk3626
Sorry for my late reply but your reply is one of the reasons why I think Christian Universalism is the most realistic Christian position if you presume a loving God.
I looked it up and I'm not seeing any consensus from historians. The closest actual consensus - and I spent a good chunk of time on this - is that Jesus was crucified. All else doesn't have this consensus. James, however, is considered to have been a brother of Jesus, that also has consensus. I'm not aware of any majority view among historians that goes anything past his death. For instance, not even tomb burial has a consensus.
&gt; In that alternate history, the end result would have been worse than in our history. Obviously you can use the same argument on the flip side of reality - that by stopping Hitler, the end result would have been better than our history. Or perhaps God just stopped intervening in human affairs because it's damned if you do, damned if you don't. Save everyone and people will complain about God interfering, kill everyone and people will complain about God's genocide.
&gt; Is software development and security of systems a blue-collar job? Obviously not but in the field and there are various ways you can create a piece of software. If there's only one lever for security systems then it would be pretty easy to crack. It's the multiple ways to attack the problem that gives you all these pathways for a good solution. &gt; what makes you say that micromanaging in blue collar tasks is effective If your entire job is to push a button every 30 seconds then there's exactly one way to do your job. Pushing a button every 29 seconds or every 31 seconds would create problems and it's a "solved" job function. It used to be that people had these jobs and they still exist but many of them have been automated. However, those types of one-lever jobs are typically blue collar. The more complicated the task, the more ways there are to reach the same - or better - solution.
CVS and Walgreens
&gt; whether death by accidental evil is any better than death by moral evil is irrelevant. Didn't you say it mattered to the Holocaust victims? My point is that they don't care since they'll be just as dead: whether their killers had free will or not.
I think our disconnect is that I have no idea what a world without free will would look like. I'm presuming people would die in both so it doesn't matter to the victims if they're killed by those with or without free will. I think you're under the impression that a world without free will wouldn't have anyone be killed but I've never heard of that argument and it doesn't make any sense to me. Lacking free will doesn't mean you can't kill anyone. You can still kill people, you're just no longer responsible for it.
&gt; However, for Holocaust victims who would have lead longer and happier lives in a world without free will, it definitely matters. Right but it's the "lead longer and happier lives" that's key, not the "in a world without free will" (or "in a world with free will"). &gt; I'm arguing that far less people would die prematurely in a world without free will Can you tell me what is your reasoning for this?
Yep
&gt; Faith is the evidence. Deception can lead someone to believe that Australia doesn't exist. What if I have faith that Australia doesn't exist? How can you reliably verify that you're not being deceived? Seems like faith is the worst thing you can have to know what's true.
Hemlock Grove. The original idea is interesting but it just gets worse and worse.
Question: what specifically is reddit giving out? Reddit used to give out gold but gold has changed to where platinum is now gold and the current gold is basically gold-lite. You get 7 days of benefits vs. 30. So is reddit going to be giving out gold (which has devalued) or will they actually be giving out platinum? [More info on the coin changes.](https://www.reddit.com/coins)
&gt; 40 individual people control as much wealth as the poorest 3.5 billion people. 40 people with as much wealth as half the world. This needs to be repeated.
You're lucky. I thought it would get better but it just got worse and worse.
My point is if someone is making $50k and hasn't had a raise in a few years, you can't tell them not to complain because their salary is so much higher than someone living in the middle of Africa.
Relevant [Mr. Ugly Man](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7dcApqKuI1E) from the same show.
[If the Bible is true, there is magic.](https://www.reddit.com/r/DebateAChristian/comments/8ks3h9/if_the_bible_is_true_there_is_magic/)
Careful, you might get into trouble for it (seriously).
Sadly they had season 3. The show had lots of promise but should have ended at season 1. It just got more strange, grotesque, and a bit boring. They had a good premise and killed it after a few episodes.
&gt; he changed his voter refrigeration from Democrat to Republican This made me chuckle.
Still confused. Here are the options as outlined by you: * Heaven: clearly not worst * Cease to exist: bad but not worst * Something else: vague but can't be worst due to being vague * Go to hell: seems like this is the worst You wrote: &gt; At worst, infants cannot go to Hell. I'm thinking at worst infants CAN go to hell. After all, isn't the typical view of hell is that it IS the worst thing ever? So if that's the worst then wouldn't "at worst" be them going to hell? I'm not really debating but what you wrote confused me and I just wanted a clarification since it seems like you're saying there's something worse than hell.
&gt; Even if the Holy Ghost did give the same message to everyone Why couldn't it? &gt; no two humans think alike So no two humans know that the Sun is hot and bright? Why do we have such a consistent message for something as trivial as a star than Christianity? Is this a problem for God? Is God somehow limited?
&gt; the Federal system of authority -- Adam was created as the Federal head of all of humanity for all time. Adam didn't exist. There's no authority. For instance, let's say I claim that Cerberus rules the Earth. Cerberus doesn't appear but as his acolyte, you can trust me. Cerberus is definitely the ruler and he told me that we should follow these various rules. Is there any actual authority? No. Cerberus isn't around to enforce the rules. The closest thing is me who tries to enforce the rules. Who am I? A random human who could be wrong or who is just executing a power grab. Is there authority? Only if enough people believe there's authority. Since I'm the only acolyte of Cerberus, I have no real power but if I had 2 billion followers all over the world then trust me when I tell you that I'll have apologists everywhere defending this power. To apply to everyone something that was done by one person is collective punishment. North Korea does this but they limit it to only 3 generations. I.e. if you do something against the ruler, you're punished, your children are punished, and their children are punished. The omnibenevolent God has infinite generations being punished but unlike the North Korean leader, is seen as just and merciful by billions. &gt; God is good I'm glad to see you repeat your required definition of God. This is the key source of all your reasoning. If God showed up and performed an atrocity on your family or you personally, you would say this would be a good and moral act. You could even say that perhaps God did this because of some greater purpose or because you sinned and that's why you deserve this punishment but unlike God, I love humanity and I don't want any harm to come to it as a whole so if God comes down and performed an atrocity, I will call God out for it. &gt; People are to be held responsible for their choices. Is God? This is a serious question. Is God ever going to be held to any account of his actions or do you wave your hands and give God a pass in anything he's done, including multiple counts of genocide? &gt; I mean, He defined what's good and what isn't Same with the North Korean leader who also defined what's good and what isn't.
Has someone done the math on how much power is needed to fling the anchor that far away? I have a free upvote for you if you have the data.
This is exactly right. They should have raised rates earlier when employment has stabilized from the quick spike and began to fall to normal levels. The Fed doesn't care about the stock market but they get a lot of political pressure for it. Fed's dual mandate is low inflation and low unemployment. Mission accomplished now unwind that [$4t+ portfolio](https://www.federalreserve.gov/monetarypolicy/bst_recenttrends.htm) faster and raise rates so you have some tools to work with when the economy is in its next downturn. The 3 major tools the Fed and US government had during the 2008 crisis are now all gone: * the Fed has a massive balance sheet compared to before * the rates aren't high enough to cut as significantly * the US debt and deficit are high where we can't as easily put a few trillion more on it in case of an emergency without huge inflation
&gt; Increases are good for people with saving accounts. Decreases are good for Wall Street To expand: * increases are good for saving/money market accounts, CDs and related investments * increases are bad for credit card interest rates, HELOC, personal loans, student loans, and mortgage rates (mostly) &gt; You used to be able to save up $200k and you'd receive $20k a year in interest. It hasn't been 1983 in quite a while. &gt; Coupled with social security and a paid off mortgage, that used to be enough to retire. That's because: * you lived less (i.e. average life expectancy minus retirement age) * your education, healthcare, and housing costs were a lot lower (even factoring in inflation) &gt; traditional wisdom suggests you should aim for a nest egg between 1-1.5 million dollars This depends on location. $1.5m in NYC is nothing but everything in Iowa. It's not that simple. &gt; Nowadays, we're told if you're not investing, you're losing money. This is due to low interest rates where savings rate is below inflation rate so even if your money is getting 1%, you're losing money when inflation is &gt; 1%. Stock market has been going bonkers for about a decade so it made sense to invest there. Now the tide is turning where the stock market is souring while money market rates are going up.
Considering Catholic Popes have been for and against slavery, I think there's wiggle room in the religion to make sure child rapists face justice. As far as evidence, they have it considering they moved them all over and without the protection of the Vatican - including protection within its sovereign walls - these rapists will be exposed.
&gt; Atheism, if fully adhered to in every way, is perfectly rational. Is it? Can you tell me your reasoning for this? Maybe you can tell me what "atheism" is first - that might be the source of my confusion. &gt; if you believe in anything transcendent, then you’re not an atheist I wasn't aware that the term "transcendent" meant "gods". Aliens are transcendent but not necessarily gods. If I believe in aliens, I'm still an atheist. &gt; A thoroughgoing atheist cannot believe in any objective moral code Not speaking for me personally but that's not true. There are plenty of atheists who believe in objective moral values. I think Sam Harris is one of those. Now I'm not saying I agree with him but my stance is that nobody has objective moral values. If atheists can't argue that Nazi genocide is evil then Christians can't argue that divinely backed genocide is evil either. It's actually slightly worse. Atheists could come to the realization that Nazi genocide is evil. Christians can **never** come to the realization that divinely backed genocide is evil.
&gt; existing apart from and not subject to the limitations of the material universe &gt; I think they were likely going for the second here. Sure thing and I thought the same thing myself. This does not dismiss aliens. It seems a silly choice of words to use when God is a lot more precise and easier to spell without adding ambiguity. &gt; Also, for what it’s worth, I thought you were being plenty charitable. Sometimes it's other people. I put some effort in to NOT remember people I debate with or what I debated with them about since it biases my replies (or at least I think so). Unfortunately, I've spoken with the same people so many times that I can't help but to end the debate quickly because we'll know what we'll say. Other people who are new are just jerks and I keep forgetting to stop engaging them until I read their replies when it comes back to me.
[Here's an example.](https://s-i.huffpost.com/gen/969600/thumbs/o-YAEBA-TEETH-570.jpg?1)
I was at this procedure once. The "anesthetic" used was a finger dipped in wine and put into the baby's mouth.
I'm one of those patient people who doesn't mind waiting but are they too busy for a paragraph with an update? I think the name of the game might hit too close to home.
&gt; Do we have examples of what happens when someone does not feel pain? Yes, there are mutations that allow some people to not feel pain. They typically under before the age of 20 since pain helps us change our body to avoid pain. For instance, if you're sitting in an uncomfortable position, the pain caused by it forces us to shift our position. If you don't feel the pain, you have no need to shift your position and you'll eventually have a serious problem. I'm not the OP but my argument isn't from pain but from unnecessary suffering. For instance, when an animal slowly kills another animal (whether animal or human), why doesn't God show mercy and give it a brain aneurysm or some sort of a quick death. Why prolong the suffering and for whose benefit? What does it teach the other animal and that's presuming that the particular animal has advanced enough where it can learn things like morality (after all, single-celled organisms also kill life but don't have the brain to learn morality). Instead, God watches it die slowly, wincing in pain all the way to death. Why does God do this? If you had a person slowly dying in great pain and you had a way to end their suffering, would you stand by or would you ease their suffering in a mercy killing? &gt; It didn’t create itself. As far as creation, the difference between you and I is simple: I don't believe the universe was created and you don't believe God was created. Magic didn't cause your God to exist either (supposedly) so we're on the same page. I'm just closer to reality than you since your belief is part of the supernatural realm and my belief is part of the natural realm. &gt; Jesus of Nazareth gave us the best answers. I might have missed it. Can you quote what Jesus said about unnecessary suffering and why he stands by while living things die painfully?
You posted this twice but OP replied to the other comment. I suggest you delete this comment instead.
There's nothing wrong with the President using Twitter. It's a major communication platform and Obama used it without issues (Obama's own tweets were signed with "-bo" at the end). The problem isn't the communication platform - whether it's Twitter, news show appearances, comedy show appearances, etc - the problem is the message spread on those shows. For instance, if Twitter didn't exist and Trump said the same things in a press conference, a news show, a comedy show, or just in person then people would still be as outraged.
It was called the Xbox because the original name came from using DirectX as its graphics API. They just dropped the Direct and called it the Xbox since it's, well, a box form. The 360 was added to the next version to put the gamer in the center of everything and having access to 360 degrees - i.e. total experience.
&gt; You can't do evil with the plan of repenting later. Are you saying that someone can't be saved? I've never heard of that. Instead, I always hear that no matter your plans or scale of atrocities, as long as you take the time and proper effort to sincerely repent then you'll never be punished. You'll escape justice and, unlike many of your victims, go to heaven. &gt; Would you prefer a punishment system without the possibility of redemption? I prefer a justice system period. &gt; And what other moral system would you suggest beyond punishment after death? Everyone is annihilated.
That $30t is over 15 years and that's compared to $24t previous plan.
Yes yes, do these people get punished and go to hell? No? Then it's a loophole since they'll face ZERO consequences for their action and, in fact, will be rewarded for the work to get saved. I never said or implied that to sincerely repent is a quick thing. However, you can sincerely repent in front of a human judge all you want but if you committed atrocities, your guilty ass is still going to prison for actual justice.
Thanks for the chat
&gt; In western countries the fertility rate is falling, while in second/third world countries is skyrocketing. First of all, "first world" just means the Western countries that were aligned with the US (vs. Soviet Union) during the Cold War. Although the term is outdated, I think the more proper term you meant are industrialized or developed countries. Secondly, second world countries are Eastern European countries aligned with the Soviet Union (i.e. the former USSR and the Republics) and their fertility rates aren't skyrocketing. Thirdly, the general shift has had the same trend in the Western countries. Historically, all places had a high fertility rate because many of your kids will die due to disease, famine, and war. As a country becomes more developed, disease and famine go away and wars have been infrequent (i.e. mass death events in developed countries have become more rare than a few centuries ago). This means more children survive to adulthood. In addition, the cost of having children has risen (cost of raising a child in the middle of Africa vs. NYC is dramatically different). This means that the incentive to have a lot of children wanes due to high cost of living and declining reason (i.e. you no longer need 10 kids to take care of the farm where half won't reach into their 30s). The same is happening to the less developed countries: they're becoming more developed. So more of their children will survive to adulthood and in places like India and China, there is migration to cities for opportunities. This means more access to proper healthcare, less need to have a lot of children, and the number of children will self-regulate due to costs and availability of resources. I don't really care about the "white man" (by the way, the white man has always been a global minority) so much as I want to make sure the population stabilizes to fit the finite resources available. This always happens with population boom - the rate increases but then it reaches a plateau and stays there. For some countries, it has already reached a plateau. For others, they're not there yet. For countries where the population is unsustainable due to growth, it won't be able to support itself and it'll reach a decline.
Japan is considered a first world country but isn't part of the Westernized countries. Since the Cold War, second world and third world don't really mean much either. Third world typically means poor/underdeveloped which is what I meant and their birth rate isn't exploding, it was mostly the same. The difference is mortality rates are dropping which is why the overall population is increasing.
&gt; When you put half of your population into a box, label them stupid/foolish/racist, a reaction will occur. I agree but can we agree that the reaction from this population shouldn't be be stupid, foolish, or racist?
Sorry, I'm just confused by what you said. You talked about "in regards to salvation history, the Bible is 100% correct in revelation." I asked how it can be wrong about salvation history. For instance, the Earth is round. You can prove that it's not round by showing how it's really flat using various tools. You'll fail (since the Earth is round) but that's a way to prove the Earth to be flat. How can you show that it's possible for the Bible to be incorrect in regards to salvation history.
&gt; And there should be a large tax-free gap at the bottom, for regular people. There is. The gap is already more than what vast majority will have. We're talking about an 8-figure exemption for assets. &gt; I already paid taxes on it when I earned it. This isn't an argument because that's what the $20b person will also say.
I try to go for the low-hanging fruit: there's no proof that Jesus was even buried let alone having anyone visited that tomb to find it empty at whatever random time :]
Just to jump a head since my question is just a question rather than a debate... Based on what you wrote, it *seems* to me like it's a tautology. I.e. the Bible defines a square to be an object with all points to be the same distance from its center (i.e. a sphere) and you can't prove that to be false because that's how the Bible defines a square. In the same way here, the Bible defines how salvation can be done so it can't possibly be wrong because it's defined in the Bible. For instance, if you have someone show how it's wrong, the response is that whatever evidence is outside of the Bible because the Bible can't be wrong.
&gt; $364k during FDR's time $364k **today** is the $25k during FDR's time which had that 94% cap.
Thanks!
It helps!
&gt; How many Americans make over 3 million dollars annually? You're not reading what I'm writing so let me say this again. During FDR's time, the 94% cap applied to income of $25k. That's $365k today. Not $3 million but $365k. &gt; even if it were tens of thousands of them, I'd still be in favor of this I'm sure you would be but as I said before, we couldn't slightly increase taxes on those making $500k so who are you now going to massively raise taxes on those making $3m? The argument is pretty simple: you'll continue to decrease the amount of people who pay the tax which, at some point in time, make the tax silly since it will barely raise any revenue. For instance, you couldn't pull off a 95% tax rate today at all. Heck, you can't even pull off 50% tax even with a Democratic President AND Democratic Congress let alone the political reality in the next few election cycles. &gt; It's time we talk about maximum wages This isn't going to work and there's no reason to have maximum wages. People should be able to earn whatever they like... as long as they pay the proper taxes. &gt; this boom/bust cycle of predatory Capitalism will continue until our planet has been sucked dry and humanity has ceased to exist As opposed to what? Capitalism has faults like any other system and it's only when it's combined with other systems that they both contribute to humanity. I don't care if someone earns $5b/year. It just means more tax income to help people. If they dodge taxes then that's a problem.
The mods aren't anal retentive as much as they believe in quality over quantity. The OP has a question as opposed to debate and as a result, the post should be removed due to Commandment 1. If the OP had a debate then that would be another story. For instance, the OP could have said that there is no proof for God outside of the Bible and then gave their reasoning. However, the OP just asked a question and we have a separate areas for questions that are full of honest inquiry.
&gt; No, I hadn't and it was pretty intense for a kid's movie! It was a kids TV show and although I'm a bit surprised that you've never seen this, I'm glad you saw it because it's quite an interesting video. &gt; How would we be able to judge Him? Not we, but those creatures down there. To them, the universe is their fort, vegetation, other creatures, and this entity that created them. To them, all notions of good are a result of this creation by this entity. They feel pleasure/pain because he made them that way. Their sense of justice is a product of recognition of his standard. I think it's fair to say that those creatures would agree with you and that they can't judge their creator to be evil when he destroys them. Again, take you, me, and God out of the equation and only focus on the universe created on that small chunk of rock. From the standpoint of those creatures, who have been mass killed, what do you think they'd say about their creator?
What is your debate?
&gt; &gt; You're the one who said stupid, I just went along with it. I prefer desperate. &gt; Same principle I disagree. I think if someone is stupid, they can do foolish things without knowing their consequences. If you're desperate, you could be smart enough to know what's going on but - on faith - you hope for a different outcome because you have no other choice. &gt; How did I do? I keep forgetting that we had disagreements about truth. I believe we have tons of it but you don't. I think in your world, it's either absolute truth or everything is false or, at best, unproven. This is an interesting position to have for someone who is religious. After all, I think deep down you believe in mostly the same truths as I do except you believe in something else that is false or, at best, unproven. But you're right in that "cool, good conversation" will ultimately be the end of it because I'm not here to convince you what's true. If you don't believe that anything is really true then it's pointless to approach someone like that because they could be thinking they're a brain in a vat who is talking to themselves. Heck, you can't even know if you're a figment of someone else's imagination. All this while trying to show others how your beliefs are true while believing that nothing is proven true. It's just baffling.
It's not Obama's fault here since soldiers of any country on foreign soil are going to do bad things. Human's going to human, after all. My only point is that US withdrawal in Iraq - which is viewed as a good thing - had nothing to do with Obama. Bush negotiated it and Obama simply carried it out without any major deviations.
I'm sorry you're having a tough holiday season but I'm glad this made you laugh. I saw this in the theaters and I had to catch my breath from laughing - it's an awesome scene. I hope things turn around for you and don't forget: when things are at their worst, it means you hit bottom and the only way to go is up. A lot of this is your own attitude towards this and you can embrace the negativity that's way too easy or you can do something about it and chose to embrace the madness of the situation and make it work for you :] Good luck but if you need to talk to someone, let me know and feel free to PM!
And you as well :]
:]
Well... that was an interesting TIL to read, thanks!
Well, I'm convinced. Do you have any data showing how penile cancer comes from the foreskin?
&gt; Funny how no one believes that female genital mutilation is cool but circumcision is still just fine. That used to be the case but no longer. I'm heavily against it unless it's medically necessary (in a few, rare cases). I was part of the data collection team that fed [AAP](https://www.aap.org/en-us/Pages/Default.aspx) info that made them issue their ruling on circumcision (TL;DR increased action over the years away from religious/cultural reasons and towards medical necessity). The medical community is turning away from circumcision for non-medical reasons and the cultural reasons for it are waning as well. [FGM type Ia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Female_genital_mutilation#Types) (NSFW) is illegal even though it's biologically equivalent to MGM. To support one but not the other is biologically sexist due to removal of the same tissue.
There's no need to be rude or hostile with me since I haven't been rude or hostile with you. I have more information on the topic than many so I was curious what you know that I didn't see before. I was actually wondering if you were going to link to this article. There are several problems with it and I don't want to write an essay just so you can dismiss what I say but I'll give you some finer points. First of all, the penile cancer risk is very low compared to other types of cancers. For instance, breast cancer. As I said further up the comment chain, if people believe removal of tissue is necessary because of a small percent risk of developing penile cancer later in life (0.5-1% for most cases) then they should support removal of breast tissue in teenage girls due to the much higher rate of breast cancer (breast cancer is 25 times more common than penile cancer). However you don't see a movement doing this. Secondly, you see from your own link that the higher incidences of penile cancer are in Africa in the particularly poor and low socioeconomic areas where the rate is still ten times smaller than the rate of breast cancer. Considering these are similar areas that talk about gay men eating scat, I think the key problem with higher penile cancer rates isn't the foreskin but the lack of medical knowledge and basic hygiene which plagues the region (pun intended). Did you know that if you have breasts and a vagina, that you need to wash these parts carefully to make sure you don't get any infections that can develop between the various skin folds. Similarly, if you have a penis with foreskin, you also need to wash the area between the glans of your penis and the foreskin for the same reasons. Basically: wash your junk properly and you won't have any issues. In addition, the penile cancer happens much later in life where other related complications happen, such as a decline in overall health not to mention medical reasons such as phimosis. Treating phimosis with a circumcision is a medically necessary procedure that's been approved by AAP for decades. The original study about cancer started almost a century ago and we have better ways of washing ourselves now than when Mr. Kellog's Victorian views of sex were around. The follow-up studies are over half a century old as well. The studies also don't compare other developed countries. For instance, a solid study would show that penile cancer doesn't exist in places like Israel or Saudi Arabia which I'm sure has a very high rate of male circumcision and it's running rampant in places like the UK or Japan which has a very low male circumcision rate. After all, if the existence of the foreskin is the major indicator, you'd see these studies.
&gt; People are extrapolating those value judgments themselves. That's on them. Sure but someone telling me that you need to cut off your foreskin because there's a 0.5%-1% chance that you'll get a particular type of cancer is a bit silly when you have much higher rates of cancer in other areas that you don't believe should be removed. Male breast cancer exists too and has a similar rate as penile cancer but... no call for breast tissue removal either. &gt; circumcised men basically don't get phimosis That's because the tissue causing the phimosis has been removed. This is like saying that people who had their feet amputated don't get stubbed toes. Also phimosis doesn't have to lead to penile cancer either and rates of phimosis are even lower AND you can have non-surgical solutions to phimosis in *some* cases. &gt; People are so into this circumcision-is-bad trend (which might be a good trend!) that they literally can't even accept facts that SLIGHTLY go against their narrative. THAT'S a bad thing. I get it. I'm not quite those people because I do support circumcision *when* there's a medical reason for it, like phimosis that you mentioned. However, that's not the typical reasons for circumcision which tend to be not based in medical fact and that's what I'm arguing about. &gt; With proper hygiene, it's totally fine. But you can't just accept hygiene as a given...that's silly I think it's easier to educate people and washing themselves properly rather than just skipping ahead to a surgery that might not be medically necessary.
&gt; The Anglo-Saxon Chronicles, which are contemporaneous with the viking invasion on England (written from the late 800's to 1154), generally refers to the invaders as Danes. To add, I have a copy of the [Anglo-Saxon Chronicles](https://www.reddit.com/r/rarebooks/comments/8kxnwk/1692_chronicon_saxonicum_by_edmund_gibson/) and that link has an Engilsh translation for more info on how they're referenced. CC /u/Taivasvaeltaja who might enjoy it since I was interested in the book because of those shows.
I think on your way, you lost track of your place and didn't realize that there was no UK back then. You went back to the [Heptarchy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heptarchy) and Wessex was one small part of it. Also, you might be interested in checking out the [Anglo-Saxon Chronicle](https://www.reddit.com/r/rarebooks/comments/8kxnwk/1692_chronicon_saxonicum_by_edmund_gibson/).
It's also the main square in [Babylon 5](https://babylon5.fandom.com/wiki/Z%C3%B3calo).
&gt; Because God loves children But children can go to hell. God loves children so much that he allows them to be in hell?
&gt; if God doesn’t exist, then nothing is objectively wrong You're a Christian. You're therefore required to believe that various genocides performed by or commanded by God are good and moral actions. So from my point of view, there are no objectively moral actions if you can defend genocide. Also your other comment: &gt; I think you meant God abhors and forbids murder. Secular humanists are free to have their opinions, but since their opinions are subjective, they have no objective value. That's correct. However, the definition of murder is unlawful killing. Per Christianity (and Judaism), God is the ultimate law-giver. So, if it's murder if I were to kill someone, it's no longer murder if God told me to kill someone. My victim is just as dead but the morality has changed based on who commanded the killing. That's royally screwed up as far as I'm concerned.
&gt; our purpose is to glorify God I find this servile and disgusting. &gt; you commented about how other sinners can repent of their sins and be forgiven Right, I do that in a debate with Christians to show them how anything is allowed in their moral system because you can always be saved and not be punished. &gt; so it seems that you could also find hope in the same repentance of your sins and likewise be forgiven. Why do you think I have no hope? I find having an afterlife to be an abhorrent invention. The idea of a sin is something invented by humans for control. I need no forgiveness from anyone.
&gt; God is good when he creates and destroys. Thanks for confirming! &gt; fortunately God has explicitly told you not to murder anyone You have no idea what God did or did not tell anyone other than you. Your own Bible has various passages of God telling others to kill so there's at least precedent. &gt; You earlier said that God is the ultimate lawgiver, so why is it “totally screwed up” to obey the commands of the ultimate lawgiver? An ultimate lawgiver who commands genocide isn't a very good lawgiver let alone a moral one. But I digress since you already believe that divine genocide is a good and moral act so there isn't much room to go from here.
I don't really care about the philosophical evidence (which is often out of ignorance). I examined the historical evidence and found it wanting.
Good one!
I don't know, you should ask Christians.
It was alright but could have been better. I hope you had a good one :]
It's not simply education but giving them reproductive rights. After all, an educated woman that has no reproductive rights will get just as pregnant.
By definition, I don't believe you can ever say God abuses his power even if he destroys all life in the universe. That's the key difference between humans and the Christian view of God: accountability.
Are you trying to mimic an atheist? I believe in a justice system. Yours doesn't make sense.
&gt; &gt; If I'm omniscient then I can change the kinds minds. &gt; No, that may be an impossibility, and does not follow. I logically can't someone's mind when I am omniscient? &gt; Then you ask: "doctor, is there no other away?" &gt; Nope. I have to stop it so that it doesnt spread. But I'm also omnipotent. I'll quickly invent something that stops cancer and problem is solved. &gt; You consider infanticide to be trivial? How about sending those bears to attack 40 children for making fun of a random guy? But why do you care about infanticide when you defend it when God does it.
There are many atheists who don't support in abortion. [You might be interested to watch this debate.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P78_V1Z9CO4) [Debate starts at 6:20.](https://youtu.be/P78_V1Z9CO4?t=6m20s) Just a bit of a note, the anti-abortion position debater is nervous while Matt is a seasoned debater (who reads too much from his tablet) so take that with a grain of salt. [More info on Kristine Kruszelnicki.](http://www.prolifehumanists.org/author/kruszer/)
How many martyrs died for obviously false religions? Not yours, of course, yours is the true one. But, the *other*, obviously false religions.
&gt; How many martyrs died for what they knew was a false religion? Probably some due to [pious fraud](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pious_fraud) but that doesn't matter. &gt; Either the apostles were deceived, or liars and died for their own lies. What about self-delusion?
I'm always reminded of [this scene](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XaPzN2gD3PQ).
Well I'm sure you've seen a ton of WWII movies but I enjoyed watching it and I hope you can catch it one day.
&gt; You seem to be arguing that the deaths of Christian martyrs is less valuable because it is not unique No I'm arguing that other people from other religions also become martyrs to the cause. Since the person I replied to asked "how many martyrs (specifically the apostles) died for Santa again", their point is that nobody would martyr themselves for a false reason. My argument is that presuming Christianity is true and other religions are false, then you do indeed have martyrs of false religions. As far as how many, that doesn't matter to me. It's also a bit cringeworthy to be proud of how many people have died for your cause as if that's some sort of a good thing but that's another point. To add another relevant point, it doesn't matter what they believe in, whether Jesus is God, some other religious message, or some other non-religious message. If you believe in it strongly enough then it's reasonable to believe you'll die for that belief. You see this in the various times people have sacrificed themselves for what they believed to be an overall good. However, it doesn't mean that their belief is actually true. All it needs to be is true enough *for them* to sacrifice themselves for it.
I keep a notepad by the bed and if it's a really good dream then I do nothing but write down everything. The key is to let NOTHING disturb you. The second you wake up you write and keep on writing.
Reminds me of [Zombie Boy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K5G3ueDuPYg) (RIP).
Happy New Year everyone!
I'm not seeing an argument against killing everyone since I'll get no more punishment. Let's use another example but tie it into the human justice system and compare: * let's say I rob a woman. * Then, I decide to rape her. * Once I raped her, I decide to kill her. Now if I just stopped at the robbery, I would get a particular type of punishment. However, I decided to rape her. Now the justice system has thrown more punishment my way. Then I killed her. Now the justice system really punishes me to being in prison for a very long time. More crime = more punishment. Now let's examine the same situation using a Christian point of view: * I am born. I don't repent, I go to hell. * Let's say I rob a woman. I don't repent, I go to hell. * Then, I decide to rape her. I don't repent, I go to hell. * Once I raped her, I decide to kill her. I don't repent, I go to hell. * I then rape and kill all members of our species. I don't repent, I go to hell. There are no additional consequences for me doing additional crimes and since I'm already destined to go to hell from the second I was born, I have nothing to lose. Let's take another quick example from another justice system: * I rob a woman. The punishment is death. * Since I'm destined to be killed anyway, I'll rape her because why not, it doesn't matter and I'll be just as killed. * Since I'm already destined to be killed, I might as well try to minimize being caught and you do that by killing the eyewitness. So I kill her because I have nothing to lose and everything to gain. Now this justice system inadvertently rewards killing people because if I didn't kill her, she'd report me and I'll get arrested and killed. By killing her, I have a greater chance of escaping justice and I definitely don't get any additional punishment if caught.
&gt; God is evil because he does evil stuff? That's not the point. What's interesting is that you say this is evil. It seems to me like you shouldn't say these things are evil because I don't think you believe they are. That's my argument: that you are required to not believe they're evil and that you're required to believe that they're perfectly good and moral. This isn't about me or what I believe about it. It's about what you believe about it. Your comment is what I already said in my OP about the typical apologetics that come out but you're missing the point.
Thanks. I thought I'd get ahead of them by prebutting them with the typical apologetics and state how that's beside the point but that's an easy thing to reply to rather than face the fact that they believe divine atrocities are perfectly moral.
&gt; Do what you want, you'll receive the just fruit of your labor. That's what I'm saying: whether I do anything or nothing, my punishment will be the same. There won't be any additional justice because I'm already being punished even if I live a life where I don't rob, rape, or kill anyone or if I rob, rape, and kill everyone.
I've already discussed this in the OP - this isn't about me.
I think that just makes things more complicated. For instance, I can say "well, I don't believe in any gods but it's possible that the idea of gods makes sense even though they haven't been proven yet. I don't believe any man-managed gods make any sense and I don't believe they exist at all. However, I can't definitively disprove gods even though I don't believe in them due to lack of objective evidence." or I can say "I'm an agnostic atheist" which is easier to say every time even though it's not as exact.
&gt; you’re harboring an unwarranted assumption Which one? Here are my assumptions: * Christians claim to have an objective moral system, i.e. their morality isn't just true but it's objectively true - actually true. * Christians claim that the Bible is true. So if a particular story is in the Bible (ex: someone said to kill someone or some people were killed) then these stories are true. * Christians claim that God is good and everything he does is good. This means that all commands to kill various people are objectively good and moral. &gt; If you had conceded in your original post that all human beings are fallen individuals It's not relevant.
You're a Catholic. Can you tell me how Christian views on slavery is consistent when you have various parts of the Bible calling for slavery, how you had various Popes having slaves, and how the current Pope is probably very much against having slaves. Which teaching is wrong: to have slaves or its direct opposite? P.S. this is now off-topic from the main OP
Come on now, I've been talking about Christian implicit approval of genocide for years now. It even got be temp banned at /r/DebateReligion and why I don't go there anymore. This is clearly not a best topic by far.
&gt; How can they possibly have a rational basis for their pronouncement of any attribute of God if God is beyond judgment by mere mortals? Easy. They defined God as good/moral and go by that definition in spite of mountain of evidence to the contrary. You're basically asking them why is does a sphere have corners. They get confused because spheres don't have corners by definition and, equally, when God drowns an infant, they're just as confused about why that's an immoral action. &gt; Perhaps some will say they merely take it on faith that God is good and it's through no judgment of their own. I suppose this is possible but this seems like a very questionable way to live one's life. To take it on faith that your leader and the one you base your life on is a certain way with absolutely no way of truly judging for yourself. I agree but - Devil's advocate - they believe he IS worthy of obedience without question. As a result, why wouldn't you take everything that follows on faith?
I knew I should have posted it tomorrow.
The idea of communes predate all formal religions and go back to our tribal roots which predate our species.
This seems like a question that historians will answer. Since historians have not confirmed it - nor are they and will they - then the confidence level of the resurrection of Jesus **as a historical fact** is 1.
[Try it yourself.](https://youtu.be/htSYVnHKq_Q?t=12s)
So that's not really part of communism and it can be a part of any system, including Christianity.
&gt; It is a part of communism. It's not. I think you're confusing Marxist-Leninist flavor - which is also anti-theistic - as opposed to communism. It's like saying capitalism uses force as part of its system when it doesn't do that either. &gt; Force can be are part of Christianity only when Christianity is perverted. Same with communism or capitalism or various religions.
I feel like it's similar to those breast cancer awareness ads. Everyone knows about breast cancer. We're aware. So the ads are a useless waste of money unless there's the next step... which is actually raising as much money as possible to find a cure (which isn't what happens). Same with apologetics. Most know the apologetics, it's the debate that follows that's key.
&gt; Yes, often times Christian governments made mistakes, but in light of the various regimes of the XXth century, I'd say secular governments are not inherently better than Christian ones in any possible way. That's correct. However, I would think that if Christianity wasn't anything but another man-managed if not outright man-invented institution then I'd expect them to do better than other religions or secular institutions.
If I truly believed that someone had a specific set of ideals to live up to and they're right next to me 24/7/365 with the threat of eternal hell as punishment for deviation then I would definitely be on the behavior that most correctly resembles those ideals as opposed to being yet another person in another random religion.
&gt; By force. Again, communes existed prior to your religion. It's not by force per se but by community standards. &gt; It isn’t a straw man to assert that taxation is theft. Oh. Thanks for the chat.
I think so simply because kids today are into Kylo and Rey as opposed to Luke, Han, or Leia. Chewy and R2 are probably the only old favorites that are the most popular.
Don't confuse the very small (but very vocal) minority of Christians with the Christian world as a whole or what Christianity teaches.
I'm presuming you believe that there are people who do evil things. How many of them have done those evil things for no reason? My guess is that none of them did. They all had reasons. The difference is that those reasons aren't acceptable to you (and to most moral people). This is similar to how divine reasons aren't acceptable to many (most?) atheists. You already justified the various reasons for divine atrocities. Do you think there are justifications that God can present that you won't be able to accept?
&gt; are the bulleted items supposed to be examples of what you're looking for, or are they supposed to be some things that don't fit what you're looking for? The bullets are examples of what DO NOT fit what I'm looking for and I explained why they don't fit. I made an edit that clarifies, thanks.
Thanks and no worries!
Can someone put 50,000 microparticles into context? How much is that compared to how many microparticles we consume of other things, like various insect parts in the food we eat or various dead bacteria in the water we drink or pesticides in veggies or feces in our meat? Edit: I did it reddit, I read the article and it slightly answered my questions: &gt; &gt; it has been estimated that the average western diet exposes consumers to billions of titanium dioxide microparticles, a common additive, each day So: * 0,000,000,050,000 plastic microparticles/year vs * 1,000,000,000,000 titanium dioxide microparticles/year * (actual term from the article is "billions... each day" which means at least 2 billion and if you have 3 then that's 1.1 trillion/year)
Thanks and I'll have to check it out tonight and get back to you.
&gt; I think the point is more that microplastics aren't necessarily removed by your body I agree though it doesn't say how many are removed vs. how many stay. They talk about ingesting it and they talk about finding them in stool samples so a number greater than zero is leaving the body. It's undeniable that they're being ingested but how much and how damaging it is is the problem. They link to [microplastics in human stools](https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2018/oct/22/microplastics-found-in-human-stools-for-the-first-time) article which says: &gt; &gt; On average, 20 particles of microplastic were found in each 10g of excreta. [This link](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Human_feces#Average_chemical_characteristics) says average feces size is 128g per day. Using the quote above, that's 20 * 12.8 = 256 microparticles removed per day or 93,440 microparticles removed per year - out of 50,000 ingested. So obviously this needs more study, otherwise the data suggests all microparticles are removed by the body (with room to spare).
Agreed!
I guess I don't have much comment from that site.
Jesus did receive justice since he committed a crime against the state that's punishable by crucifixion. He just didn't receive mercy.
Remember those triangles? * [Bitcoin](https://www.tradingview.com/x/6O241PpH/) * [Litecoin](https://www.tradingview.com/x/nB6040VF/) Should see movement soon and Litecoin should be the catalyst once again.
&gt; The Church tried to warn Martin Luther that his ideas would spawn false preachers like Osteen, Copeland and Baker. Was this before or after they sold indulgencies? Also those preachers tend to rape fewer children than some Catholic priests. &gt; We don't support [President Trump's] personal history of course. Do you believe personal history has no relation to what kind of a person he is or are you one of those people who doesn't care if the person is terrible if you agree with some of their policies? &gt; Pro-Life People who are pro-life tend to have an inconsistent position. For instance, they're pro birth rather than pro life by making sure no abortions happen while ignoring those who are immediately born. They also tend to support the death sentence and wars which are not pro life. &gt; Pro-Family Unless they're illegal immigrants. Then those families can be destroyed because of a misdemeanor. &gt; Strong Borders I don't think that's a Catholic position. &gt; Recognizes the evil potential of Islam I definitely don't think that's a Catholic position. But I don't know, you're a Catholic, what does the Pope say about it? &gt; At least he's not appointing a bunch of communists like Obama did Is that a Catholic position?
That's because they did the math: * amount of money they're losing by people not buying new games, vs * amount of money they'll lose by shutting down all secondhand stores Since Gamestop and others have terrible sales and the secondhand market is dying, they can now take the chance. They've already been trying to do this in subtle ways for years by having streaming services or digital downloads as opposed to actual games you can buy and physically give/sell to anyone. This is just the final nail in the coffin where instead of the secondhand market going down with a fight, it'll die with a whimper while the game companies will shrug as they rake in the dough.
&gt; Before, during and after. Martin Luther was supposed to help stop abusive practices, not start a new religion. That's how schisms form. I doubt Jesus wanted a new religion either but here we are. &gt; The Catholic Church teaches Catholics to follow the law, including immigration law. Since abortion is established law in the US, Catholics should keep quiet and follow it. I suggest by [not having any abortions](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abortion_and_the_Catholic_Church_in_the_United_States#Prevalence_of_abortion) and allowing other people to make that choice, pun intended. Otherwise Catholics would be like anyone else - interfering with the laws based on how they see fit, whether it's abortion or immigration policy. &gt; For refugees and immigrants, the Catholic Church has been a leader throughout history Neat, then I suggest Catholics support [more] open borders and go against the existing policy to try to increase immigration and citizenship. This also includes Muslims since someone wise said that the Catholic Church has been a leader for refugees and immigrants throughout history. Surely you wouldn't want a religious test for refugees and immigrants. I don't think that's what Jesus had in mind, at least. &gt; you are demonstrating that you know less than nothing about God's Church Personal attacks aren't against the rules of this sub. &gt; Catholics are obligated to protect themselves, their families and their nation. You're not under attack when you have immigration issues. Catholics of all people should appreciate the irony since many of the Catholic immigrants - legal or otherwise - came from Ireland, Poland, and Mexico. You're basically not only turning away your fellow Catholics but you're siding with the past anti-Catholics such as the [Know Nothings](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Know_Nothing) in their xenophobia. I once again urge you - a Catholic - to [listen to your own Pope](https://www.cnbc.com/2019/03/31/pope-francis-on-immigration-political-leaders-risk-becoming-prisoners-of-the-walls-they-build.html) because I think he knows the Bible, Christianity, and how to be a "True Catholic" better than many. &gt; Catholic Doctrine does not come from random things that the Pope says. I didn't say to blindly obey him though that's up to you. The implication of my words is that he's better qualified to know Catholicism than many other people so perhaps you should listen to him.
[On the 6th of June On the shores of western Europe 1944 D-day upon us](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qVHyl0P_P-M)
Yep, so like I said, he received justice and not mercy.
Well said!
738 is close enough for them to consider you worthy since the scores are averaged across the three credit bureau's but it also depends on other factors, like if the finance person is cranky. Still, at 738, I wouldn't open any new cards and keep a close eye on your utilization.
Yep, confidence boost for sure but as far as getting credit, it doesn't matter if it's 740, 750, 820, or 840.
&gt; 11...11 credit cards?! Holy cow I have a lot of catching up to do haha These are opened over the years but I like credit so you don't have to do what I do. However, some people are afraid of having more than one credit card so I'm here to say that **IF** you can manage your credit properly then there's nothing wrong with having several open credit cards. &gt; is your available credit of $200,000 bc you have a high annual salary I do have a high salary but I had more available credit than salary in the past so it's somewhat related but more related to your available credit. If you make $50k a year, you won't get $250k available credit on a card. However, a $50k/year salary can easily get you $10k-15k available credit if you have a high credit score. &gt; I have a total of like $38,000 available credit on 5 cc and a credit score of 804 You're fine but if you make more than $50k then you can always ask for a credit line increase. However, this will ding your credit so if you don't need it then you're fine.
Check out /r/churning for good deals on some cards. A lot depends on what you want - some want cash back, some want travel rewards, some want gas savings. I prefer cash back simply because I can use cash on anything - including travel and gas savings.
&gt; Owing $8K is still not small change at any credit card rate. Depends. I have a $25k card that has 0% balance transfer fee and 0% interest for 18 months (USAA credit card). I.e. it's free money. I took $20k and used it to fund my Roth IRA and have the rest in a few safe investments. I've been paying it off every month and it'll be paid off at the end of the period. I'll take a 0% loan for 18 months that I can use at any time but the $20k I took out is barely a blip on my utilization. &gt; I've spent a lot of time and effort getting rid of debt. Not going back. Congrats! However, debt depends on many factors and debt by itself isn't always a bad thing at all. For instance, if I take out a loan at 1% and I put it somewhere that pays me 5%, is that a bad debt? No because I make money. If I get a mortgage - another debt - and my house value has doubled over a decade then is that a bad debt? No. If I go to graduate school and get $30 in student loans but the additional degree earns me $25k/year then is that a bad debt? No. Those are called investments. Bad debt are things like buying a car you can't really afford or spending a lot of money on nonsense you don't need - like a 65" TV for your 150sq ft living room.
Ah, gotcha. Congrats on the crypto gains! One thing about a CD is that you get a higher yield with an online money market account (without being locked into a CD).
Vantage score is different. As far as the drop, that's a significant one so I'd find out if anything changed. Did you close an account perhaps?
Sorry, that was hard to read. I cleaned this up (I'm not a bot): **El Salvador** * **1932:** A peasant rebellion, led by Communist leader Farabundo Martí, challenges the authority of the government. 10,000 to 40,000 communist rebels, many indigenous, are systematically murdered by the regime of military leader Maximiliano Hernández Martínez, the nation’s acting president. The United States and Great Britain, having bankrolled the nation’s economy and owning the majority of its export-oriented coffee plantations and railways, send naval support to quell the rebellion. * **1944:** Martínez is ousted by a bloodless popular revolution led by students. Within months, his party is reinstalled by a reactionary coup led by his former chief of police, Osmín Aguirre y Salinas, whose regime is legitimized by immediate recognition from the United States. * **1960:** A military-civilian junta promises free elections. President Eisenhower withholds recognition, fearing a leftist turn. The promise of democracy is broken when a right-wing countercoup seizes power months later. Dr. Fabio Castillo, a former president of the national university, would tell Congress that this coup was openly facilitated by the United States and that the U.S. had opposed the holding of free elections. 1980– * **1982:** A civil war rages between the military-led government and the leftist Farabundo Martí National Liberation Front (FMLN). The Reagan administration, under its Cold War containment policy, offers significant military assistance to the authoritarian government, essentially running the war by 1983. The U.S. military trains key components of the Salvadoran forces, including the Atlacatl Battalion, the “pride of the United States military team in San Salvador.” The Atlacatl Battalion would go on to commit a civilian massacre in the village of El Mozote in 1981, killing at least 733 and as many as 1,000 unarmed civilians, including women and children. An estimated 80,000 are killed during the war, with the U.N. estimating that 85 percent of civilian deaths were committed by the Salvadoran military and death squads. * **1984:** Despite the raging civil war funded by the Reagan administration, a mere three percent of Salvadoran and Guatemalan asylum cases in the U.S. are approved, as Reagan officials deny allegations of human rights violations in El Salvador and Guatemala and designate asylum seekers as “economic migrants.” A religious sanctuary movement in the United States defies the government by publicly sponsoring and sheltering asylum seekers. Meanwhile, the U.S. funnels $1.4 million to its favored political parties in El Salvador’s 1984 election. * **1990:** Congress passes legislation designating Salvadorans for Temporary Protected Status. In 2018, President Trump would end TPS status for the 200,000 Salvadorans living in the United States. * **2006:** El Salvador enters the Dominican Republic–Central America Free Trade Agreement (CAFTA-DR), a neoliberal export-economy model that gives global multinationals increased influence over domestic trade and regulatory protections. Thousands of unionists, farmers, and informal economy workers protest the free trade deal’s implementation. * **2014:** The U.S. threatens to withhold almost $300 million worth of Millennium Challenge Corporation (MCC) development aid unless El Salvador ends any preferences for locally sourced corn and bean seeds under its Family Agriculture Plan. * **2015:** Under the tariff reduction model of CAFTA-DR, all U.S. industrial and commercial goods enter El Salvador duty free, creating impossible conditions for domestic industry to compete. As of 2016, the country had a negative trade balance of $4.18 billion. **Honduras** * **1911:** American entrepreneur Samuel Zemurray partners with the deposed Honduran President Manuel Bonilla and U.S. General Lee Christmas to launch a coup against President Miguel Dávila. After seizing several northern Honduran ports, Bonilla wins the Honduran 1911 presidential election. * **1912:** Bonilla rewards his corporate U.S. backers with concessions that grant natural resources and tax incentives to American companies, including Vaccaro Bros. and Co. (now Dole Food Company) and United Fruit Company (now Chiquita Brands International). By 1914, U.S. banana interests would come to own one million acres of the nation’s best land?—?an ownership frequently insured through the deployment of U.S. military forces. * **1975:** The United Fruit Company ( rebranded as the United Brands Company) pays $1.25 million to a Honduran official, and is accused of bribing the government to support a reduction in banana export taxes. 1980s: In an attempt to curtail the influence of left-wing movements in Central America, the Reagan administration stations thousands of troops in Honduras to train Contra right-wing rebels in their guerrilla war against Nicaragua’s Sandinistas. U.S. military aid reaches $77.5 million in 1984. Meanwhile, trade liberalization policies open Honduras to the interests of global capital and disrupt traditional forms of agriculture. * **2005:** Honduras becomes the second country to enter CAFTA, the free trade agreement with the U.S., leading to protests from unions and local farmers who fear being outcompeted by large-scale American producers. Rapidly, Honduras goes from being a net agricultural exporter to a net importer, leading to loss of jobs for small-scale farmers and increased rural migration. * **2009:** Left-leaning and democratically elected President Manuel Zelaya, who pursued progressive policies such as raising the minimum wage and subsidizing public transportation, is exiled in a military coup. The coup is staged after Zelaya announces intentions to hold a referendum on the replacement of the 1982 constitution, which had been written during the end of the reign of U.S.-backed military dictator Policarpo Paz García. Honduran General Romeo Vásquez Velásquez, a graduate of the U.S. Army training program known as the School of the Americas (nicknamed “School of Assassins”), leads the coup. The United States, under Hillary Clinton’s Department of State, refuses to join international calls for the “immediate and unconditional return” of Zelaya. * **2017:** Honduras enters an electoral crisis as thousands of protesters contest the results of the recent presidential election, which many allege was rigged by the ruling party. **Guatemala** * **1920:** President Manuel Estrada Cabrera, an ally to U.S. corporate interests who had granted several concessions to the United Fruit Company, is overthrown in a coup. The United States sends an armed force to ensure the new president remains amenable to U.S. corporate interests. * **1947:** President Juan José Arévalo’s self-proclaimed “worker’s government” enacts labor codes that give Guatemalan workers the right to unionize and demand pay raises for the first time. The United Fruit Company, as the largest employer and landowner in the country, lobbies the U.S. government for intervention. * **1952:** Newly-elected President Jacobo Árbenz issues the Agrarian Reform Law, which redistributes land to 500,000 landless?—?and largely indigenous?—?peasants. * **1954:** Fearing the Guatemalan government’s steps toward agrarian reform and under the influence of United Fruit propagandist Edward Bernays, President Eisenhower authorizes the CIA to overthrow democratically elected President Jacobo Árbenz, ending an unprecedented ten years of democratic rule in the country, colloquially known as the “ten years of spring.” In Árbenz’s place, the U.S. installs Carlos Castillo Armas, whose authoritarian government rolls back land reforms and cracks down on peasant and workers’ movements. * **1965:** The CIA issues Green Berets and other counterinsurgency advisors to aid the authoritarian government in its repression of left-wing movements recruiting peasants in the name of “struggle against the government and the landowners.” State Department counterinsurgency advisor Charles Maechling Jr. would later describe the U.S.’s “direct complicity” in Guatemalan war crimes, which he compared to the “methods of Heinrich Himmler’s extermination squads.” * **1971:** Amnesty International finds that 7,000 civilian dissidents have been “disappeared” under the government of U.S.-backed Carlos Arana, nicknamed “the butcher of Zacapa” for his brutality. * **1981:** The Guatemalan Army launches “Operation Ceniza” in response to a growing Marxist guerrilla movement. In the name of “counterattacks” and “retaliations” against guerrilla activities, entire villages are bombed and looted, and their residents executed, using high-grade military equipment received from the United States. The Reagan administration approves a $2 billion covert CIA program in Guatemala on top of the shipment of $19.5 million worth of military helicopters and $3.2 million worth of military jeeps and trucks to the Guatemalan army. By the mid-1980s, 150,000 civilians are killed in the war, with 250,000 refugees fleeing to Mexico. Military leaders and government officials would later be tried for the genocide of the Maya victims of military massacres. * **1982:** A second U.S.-backed military coup installs Efraín Ríos Montt as president. Montt is convicted of genocide in 2013 for trying to exterminate the indigenous Maya Ixil. * **2006:** Ten years after a U.N.-brokered peace deal and the resumption of democratic elections, Guatemala enters the CAFTA-DR free trade deal with the United States. Ninety-five percent of U.S. agricultural exports enter Guatemala duty free.
Then what's the point of Christianity?
I'm clearly losing the point here. You said that God knows what's in my heart. But my heart could be liquid gold and it won't matter because I won't kiss up to God so the content of my heart is equivalent, whether it's gold or coal because I won't suck up to God.
&gt; substitution theory is God telling us that his forgiveness doesn't arise as a response to our good behavior, but originates from God's own personality, out of pure love for us, without any need on his part. If so, no substitution is necessary. He can forgive us in the same way a parent can forgive a child - by just forgiving the child. No substitution necessary. &gt; What I'm trying to say is that "requiring the Crucifixion" indicates that God is "requiring nothing." I don't think you're explaining it in a simple way. The thing that requires nothing is a thing that needs nothing - obviously. If you add something to it, like a crucifixion, then that's already limiting power. I.e. God needs to do nothing to create the universe but needs all that Jesus stuff just to forgive some sins.
A debate is where you write out a thesis, take a position, and then debate your side of that position. OP is asking a question, nothing more. OP even explicitly says this: &gt; &gt; I've posed this question a lot
Debates are for those listening to the debate as opposed to the actual debaters.
First of all, [link to the scene](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NBGioJ3vxP0). Secondly, my feeling is that the seizure made everyone nearby freeze up as far as his psychic signal overloaded everyone's minds. As a result, their brains overloaded their muscles so they were frozen in place - almost - trying to fight it but they all failed. Logan (and X23) were strong enough where they could resist more. Here's a simpler comparison: let's say someone is standing still and you stab then in the head. They'll die and fall. But let's say they're standing still but they're being electrocuted and you stab them in the head. They'll likely stand for a while due to their muscles being activated and force the body to stay upright even if they're dead.
Right, it's the anticipation and it's usually safer to plan for the worst.
There's technically no guarantee in anything, including the US dollar not being worthless next month.
The simple truth is that life is very complicated and people don't have enough time to figure it all out which results in headlines like these.
Design something to be idiot-proof and someone will design a better idiot.
I have good news for you: they have hand rails already installed throughout the ship. They're literally everywhere and they're often 4' high and I've seen ones that are 7' high. You have to really make an effort to accidentally go through those and considering how many travelers use these ships on a yearly basis vs. how many go overboard, it looks like the problem doesn't exist.
&gt; nearly 50 people since 2000 20,000,000 people go on cruises every year. It's 2019, about half way through the year so: * 20,000,000 * 19.5 = 390,000,000 people * of which 50 went overboard It's definitely not a problem.
I didn't know this, actually - thank you. [More info.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chemical_castration#United_States) From the link for when it's used: &gt; &gt; castration for anyone convicted of child molestation with a minor under 13 years of age if they are on parole after their second offense. Offenders may not reject the intervention,[47][48][49][50] although they may elect surgical castration instead of ongoing DMPA injections.
Please note that you need to have a thesis for all debates. If you're just asking questions, you should post those in the weekly Ask a Christian thread.
I don't get it - what's holding this up? After this run in the last few days, I expected some consolidation but it's like the shorts have PTSD and the longs are in full FOMO mode. If you up 40% in a few days, it seems odd for it to just... stay up there. I'd rather it consolidate and go on to the next step. The longer we stay in this tight range, the more the momentum is lost and it'll turn into a nice doji candle that'll signal a reversal.
&gt; I thought his site was completely legitimate, as I assumed all news sites were. Everyone should always believe all news sites are not legitimate until they're proven to have this legitimacy. Trust should be earned and it should take a while and you should check other sources to make sure they hold up.
&gt; please explain to me what you would like to do with the 60,000 children that were caught in the last several months Why can't we keep them with the adults that were with them? These aren't 60,000 children who were roaming alone, right? So why not keep them together?
False dichotomy. There are no stats showing the percentage of these children being anything but biological relatives of the adults who are with them. So, using your false dichotomy, you're rather err on someone's kids being taken away and die alone in a cold cell?
Wow... an actual answer with citation. Thank you very much! I'd give you gold if I could.
&gt; I guess I never realized until the Rwandan Genocide that their powers are so limited. They can give aid, but they cant stop the attacks. Think of it this way: would you want the UN to have this power but have the decision makers be various countries who have a lot of power in the Security Council. The problem is how that power will be granted to the UN. For instance, let's take a country that has a genocide happening right now. Who can give the UN this power? That country? No, chances are the government of that country is the one implementing the genocide. The rebels? OK but what if the rebels are the baddies in this case? Other countries? OK but what if those countries have vested interest in having this intervention. For instance, should the UN be sent into Iran to defend Israel and Saudi Arabia as a full-scale military conflict?
I didn't read the article but I admit that it took me way too long to realize he said "Whales" instead of "Wales".
How about this: if I want it to update then perhaps I'll pay for it but if I don't want to update it then how about it continues to work exactly like it did before? Otherwise I'm renting software and not actually owning it.
I think it should be clear. We used to be able to buy and own. We now don't but it's still sold as a purchase. If I "buy" something then it's fully owned by me. However, if I rent it then that is the term that should be used. It means I don't own it - and therefore have no right to repair it. In addition, I demand a significant price break. But instead we get screwed both ways: we don't own it while paying the same (if not more) that we used to when we did own it.
To those people yes, but not to others. I'm perfectly happy still using Acrobat 9 and Office 2013 for my needs. Nobody cares about design professionals who are used to blowing massive amount of money for software they need for their careers. I'm talking about regular consumers.
&gt; My point about updates is if you have to pay for updates, everyone would scream once older software was no longer viable on OS. Depends on the timeframe. Next OS version? Updates should happen. OS version after that (i.e. 3 years+) then maybe, maybe not (depends on the software and features). &gt; They are ending support to make money. Yep, the complaint should be about software you purchased in the last few years as opposed to something closer to being 7+ years old. Also software used to be better too where it worked right out of the box without bugs or DLC's with free updates that didn't make things worse (most of the time). This is also the time when we had solid freeware.
There's a save button, for topics and comments.
Two questions: 1) considering how many people fail this struggle and go to hell, it seems like part of God's plan is to help this process along. If Satan was eliminated then vast majority - if not all - would be in heaven. So his goal is to make sure that the trivial minority shines his glory while the vast majority suffer in hell? That sounds conceited. 2) You said: &gt; So Jesus exposes himself to the horrors of Satan's deceit and lies and murder—"He was a murderer from the beginning . . . [and] a liar I'm not seeing when Satan killed anyone "from the beginning". I believe the first kill belongs to God when he snapped his fingers and made Adam/Eve mortal. God was also the first liar when he said [if they ate the fruit, they would die](https://biblehub.com/genesis/2-17.htm). After eating the fruit, they didn't die. So unless God is the first lawyer where God didn't specify the time and place of death, God is also the first liar. After all, if someone says "If you eat X you will die", it never means "If you eat X, you will die... of old age many years later".
&gt; Being a Christ-follower is incredibly difficult. You are not promised your best life and health wealth and prosperity and all this other nonsense. You are promised persecution, hardship, and suffering, just as Jesus suffered. The Christian walk is all about crucifying your fleshly desires and walking step in step with God, who wants to bless you immeasurably but never to a point where you turn to those blessings for comfort and security above him. You will lose family, you will lose friends, you will be an anomaly to the world. You will be hated, ostracized, and mocked. I think you're confusing Christianity in its first three centuries with Judaism for all time. Christians as a whole have been doing just fine for over a thousand years.
&gt; the only way he gets away without jail , is if you introduce the possibility of consent .... [Not even then.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ages_of_consent_in_the_United_States#Alabama)
&gt; He says he lost 200 BTC but describes losing 1 BTC? He said he read about a guy who lost 200 BTC. He himself didn't lose 200 BTC. $150k is their crypto gains, most of which they've lost.
Possible. The volume is high but not that high but I think everyone is bouncing between BTC and LTC in the last 6 months. The BTC rise from today helped halt LTC's drop and now LTC won't drop from its spike and will go higher. Considering it was $142+ already, this next leg should put us over $150 - a big psychological mark - where $200 will now be open. It's possible that the halving expectation will make us go higher until it's right on top of the halving and then we'll drop. Still, I expect us to be $110+ after the post-halving dump which should be a good enough base to build upon for the ATH run in 2020. Otherwise if crypto is going to crypto, I'm worried we'll spike back up again later this year with BTC's halving so we'll see. One thing that's making me happy is the [transactions](https://bitinfocharts.com/comparison/litecoin-transactions.html) which have been increasing. This means increased adoption and that means better fundamentals as the price continues to rise.
Yep, I've heard these stories before. Greed makes you do odd things. Trust me.
&gt; Why is everyone fearing for that imminent pre halving drop? It's what happened last time we had a halving.
[Link to the scene](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bjVmj18co9M)
Unlike the ice :[
/u/DownByTheSeaside98 said it but have an upvote!
Depends on the single parent and the couple. If you encourage a two-parent system then many will ostracize single parents. What should be encouraged is proper raising of children period.
Thanks! Do you know if the long wait is typical or is it because they came on an H1 visa?
[What downtrend?](https://www.tradingview.com/x/E8eLoRg7/) I'm seeing consolidation and higher lows while we're closing a triangle. [Shooting from the hip](https://www.tradingview.com/x/vCatqGh7/) and it looks good.
Have an upvote anyway :]
Clearly you've never driven on any roads in Massachusetts.
&gt; I believe our car loan interest is fixed on the loan Yes, this only means the interest rate does not change. This is as opposed to a variable interest rate where the rate can go up or down. The interest is never added to the total for any loan of any type. The only ones that are would be called fees. For instance, you can transfer a balance to a credit card which will charge you a 3% balance transfer fee. It's a rate - 3% - and it's immediately added to your balance whether you pay it off the next day or in a year. Car loans, credit cards, personal loans, and mortgages - none of them have the total interest amount added to the loan.
I've taken out a 401k loan and I regret it. It was a serious emergency a long time ago so here's some advice. First of all, I'm glad you know that the entire balance is due if you were no longer with the company. Good first step! Secondly, I'm sure you realize that when you take a loan, you'll lose out on any market gains (and, to be fair, any market losses). Capitalized over time, you could lose thousands or even tens of thousands. Lastly - and most importantly - I hope you realize that you can't prepay a 401k loan. So you have two options: * pay whatever the monthly payment is for whatever many months based on your terms (5 years perhaps), or * pay off the entire remaining balance in full So you'll be stuck paying that bill for a while until you get enough money to pay it all back. Don't forget that the whole balance is due in full in case you don't have that job anymore while you're trying to find that money. Oh and all this time you're paying it off, you'll be losing on those market gains. Considering average stock market returns, you'll lose quite a bit. Don't take out a 401k loan unless it's an emergency loan where you'll have the full balance in a month or two.
Not to sound like a beggar but don't forget to upvote people with helpful replies :P To answer your question, to add bullets, you need to use the * character, then a space, then your text. Also, on the bottom right of the comment area, there's a link called "formatting help". Click on that and it'll open up a whole new world of formatting options.
This might sound like a cliche but read the wiki on the sidebar. Tons of good info. Best advice in general: live BELOW your means.
No worries, take care!
Oh you don't need to lecture me on the horrible people that live in MA. I've lived in several countries and a few US states and none of them hold a candle to the entitled and selfish behavior of a disproportionate number of residents there. But driving, that's definitely something I haven't encountered with the same frequency, even in comparison to NYC or Chicago.
"Thanks" is good enough :] Take care!
You can have a great relationship with your family. You can have financial transactions. It's hard to have both. If you can make it work then good luck! First, let's take a look at the actual proposal... How is this going to happen exactly? If they're not selling the house to you, are they going to pay the mortgage and you pay them that money? Then they pay you your mortgage - i.e. your costs go down, theirs go up or do you have two mortgages? Then, once their house is paid off, they'll gift it to you? There could be some gift taxes there too but yes, good deal for you. What about them? They're giving up $250k in cash when they're retiring - are they going to be OK? Then they'll move so you'll have two mortgages until your house is sold, right? As far as updates, you can simply get it inspected - should cost a few hundred bucks. I'd be careful because if it's not up to code, you could be required to fix the problem. Either way you might get a home that has nice memories but could be a nightmare to actually own. You should be OK financially since you can get a HELOC on it and use that to pay for the various repairs/upgrades. Also when the house transfers, the house is often assessed where you can get the new tax bill. Their current tax bill is based on their old appraisal plus whatever the city believes the house is worth. If you buy it, they can reassess, particularly if you make those major upgrades to it and your tax bill will go up.
&gt; why don't you guys boycott this game company? Because [this is the general outlook of gamers](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AS-07dh9-NA) and game companies know it.
Typically it's: 1) get rid of any debt (ex: student loans, credit card) 2) max out retirement accounts (ex: 401k, Roth IRA) and this is where most people stop considering that's a lot of money. If you're past this point then your next step is investments. For that, you can go two routes: * active investment, where you need to have a ton of knowledge and regular activity to maintain your portfolio. This takes a lot of time and effort while having no guaranteed that you'll do well, or * passive investment, where you basically buy a few index funds and contribute to them monthly I suggest doing the latter and start looking into active management when you have $100k+ there. For that, you can get a few world index funds but just get the most boring thing: https://investor.vanguard.com/mutual-funds/profile/VTWSX
Thanks for the info (I'm not familiar with the process). The math sucks if this is true. I mean if they barely live with him but he has to pay $1,900 for them then he's getting screwed on both sides: has an expensive place to live AND pay a lot in support without having the kids.
You need to talk to a lawyer and draw up some paperwork and definitely put him on the title of the house. To elaborate a bit... Nevada isn't a common law state so your husband generally has no claim to the house. If you put his name on the deed then he will have claim to the house and you'll be all set. However, there's a danger for you here and this is where the question "how much do you trust your spouse" comes into play because here's what can happen: * both your names are on the deed so he owns 50% * your name is on the mortgage * so if you divorce, you're 100% stuck for the mortgage payment while he gets half the house I'm not saying it'll happen but there have been some posts here asking this very question after they got this divorce. Something to do is to put his name on the deed and think about refinancing. However, another idea is simply to draw up some paperwork which proves his contribution to the house as some formula. For instance, say the house was $100k and he contributed $5k to your $20k down payment and put in 25% of the mortgage costs out of your combined salary. Then you can simply have the lawyer write - with your acknowledgment - that he's entitled to this percentage of the house value as opposed to only 50% as of today. That way he instantly gains equity as opposed to getting equity as of whatever day his name is on the deed where someone can argue of who gets how much.
I still have some LTC and I think it'll go up one more time. If it reached the top then it would have pulled from BTC has done but it hasn't. It went to $146 and just deflated a bit as opposed to the instadrop we just saw on BTC. I'm expecting that and on heavy volume and I didn't see that for LTC yet.
You have lots of debt and a good income but you want to reduce how much money you have by paying a service because you can't be bothered to make an additional 5 payments every month? Do your creditors not have autopay? If they don't, how much time are we talking about? 30 minutes of work once a month?
&gt; Considering a house with HOA. Go to /r/FuckHOA first and read at least half a dozen top posts. If you still want to buy something with an HOA, then here's the answer. HOA will contract out the yard work to another company who will maintain everyone's properties. Part of your HOA fee will cover those fees. So it doesn't matter whose property it is because everyone's HOA fees will be pooled together to maintain everything. Here's an example: * 10 condos with yard work * Quote is $1,000/mo for yard work * your HOA fee will include $100/mo for yard work It's not spilt up based on how much work is done for your own personal property (though check the HOA agreement, some of those contracts are written by bored retired lawyers who nitpick everything).
It doesn't make sense to me. There are no free services that would do this for you so you're going to be spending money so someone else can pay your bills. Are you unable to pay 6 people?
It makes sense to me. You don't want to pay 6 people, you want to pay 1 person, and you're OK with paying them a fee to pay 6 people. I mean if you want to pay someone to pay your bills then I'm available and I'll take $100. Just send me the bill details and the money and we'll work something out.
Yep just because someone is right once, it doesn't mean they'll be right again so take it for what that's worth. &gt; Risky click of the day :P
Same!
&gt; It's just unethical to judge someone's actions if they were not in their right mind. Should drunk drivers be charged if they kill someone?
&gt; he was part of a community outreach group There's the problem: he didn't know what the word "outreach" meant. /s
As a backer of this project from the [near] beginning, I'm glad this really worked out. Serious congrats to you - really well done and I can't wait for the game!
Halvening affects mining reward and that's pretty much it so it's not even like a stock split because it doesn't directly affect vast majority of people. Mining becomes more expensive which is why the miners need to make sure the price is worthwhile. That's my theory behind why the prices skyrocket - because the miners are using millions to make sure the price goes higher so they can make tens of millions.
Thanks for the updates and being a great mod!
Just a pet peeve... it's HIPAA, not HIPPA.
But wait, there's more! &gt; The return trip was first delayed by dysentery, and further when his ship was caught in a storm and dropped him off at Île Bourbon (Réunion), where he had to wait until a Spanish ship took him home. He finally arrived in Paris in October 1771, having been away for eleven years, only to find that he had been declared legally dead and been replaced in the Royal Academy of Sciences. His wife had remarried, and all his relatives had "enthusiastically plundered his estate".[3] Due to shipwrecks and wartime attacks on ships, none of the letters he had sent to the Academy or to his relatives had reached their destinations.[4] Lengthy litigation and the intervention of the king were ultimately required before he recovered his seat in the academy, remarried, and lived apparently happily for another 21 years.
You should definitely post all your income and expenses since there's not much here to work with.
I'd say he married someone else.
My guess is a new woman.
I think he married a new one.
It doesn't say but he's educated so maybe he had a job teaching.
New one, I'd say.
I see lots of &lt; $100 listings for this book.
[Here's a good start.](https://www.moviemistakes.com/film80/factual)
Sure thing: * [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Historicity_of_Jesus#Historical_Jesus) * [/r/AskHistorians post](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/259vcd/how_much_evidence_is_there_for_a_historical_jesus/chf3t4j/?context=3) * [My own research with all links and relevant pages in antique books I own.](https://www.reddit.com/r/Christianity/comments/7f3b0a/books_early_sources_of_christianity/) Again, you have to keep in mind that I'm not talking about the Biblical Jesus. I'm talking about a human.
Yep but that doesn't matter. When accused by the authorities, Jesus didn't deny the charges. The authorities didn't care and the local politicians wanted him dead so he was convicted and that's how it went back then.
&gt; This is not a question of apportionment though The comment I replied to said: &gt; &gt; Should a place have more representation because they have so many non-citizens? Representation has nothing to do with districts and how those lines are drawn but representation is based on overall population with no regard to citizenship status of its residents. How the state draws its districts is state by state, as you said.
Thanks!
True but at least we'll have the final book!
I think beauty will change. The Moon or Mars won't be these mysterious objects but when you look up at them and see small lights on it, you know there are millions of people living there, some of whom are looking back at you. Humanity will colonize other planets and discover their unique wonders.
&gt; Only because the state (ICE) has already done their part at that point, and offered evidence the person is not a citizen. Now, it is the person's turn to offer evidence if they wish. I would agree with you if ICE did this in court with due process (including presumption of innocence) given to the alleged illegal immigrant. However, that's not what happened. [Read the lawsuit.](https://www.aclu.org/legal-document/peter-sean-brown-v-richard-ramsay-complaint) There was no court hearing. He was in jail for a drug offense (parole violation) and was held in jail on request by ICE. There was no court hearing, there was a discussion between him and law enforcement while still being in jail. He was denied due process. He offered to provide documentation which was rejected and evidence not passed over to ICE. He was sort of re-arrested while being in jail without cause or due process and instead of being held for 48 hours, he was there for weeks and was almost deported. As a result of his illegal detention, he was fired from his job. &gt; A mere first and last name match? That's not even what happened here where they had him at 7' high and wrong DOB. &gt; Should be laughed out of court! Yes, if there was any court, that's hopefully what would happened but this never happened in this case. This is the issue - no due process. Note that the US Constitution clearly talks about due process for people, not citizens. A US resident - and he was both a US citizen and, at least, an undeniable US resident - is entitled to due process. Zoom out a bit and just ignore the immigration laws here for a second. You're in jail for drunk driving parole violation and while you're in jail, you're charged with a crime which requires your deportation. You're not in court, the law enforcement told you this. You tell them you're a US citizen, you show them your license, you tell them the information they have is wrong, you have others talk to law enforcement on your behalf but everyone is ignoring it. You're supposed to get your day in court but it never arrives. While you're in jail, you're fired from your job, and your credit score likely takes a hit because you're poor and you start not paying your bills. Heck, you could also have a family that's counting on you too. So you're in jail for weeks with no recourse and no courts looking at your case. You have one law enforcement agency that paid another law enforcement agency to hold you and then they get paid to deport you to another country. Is this justice because I don't think so. What it should be is this person should have been released from jail (or at least have the 48 hour hold) until ICE schedules an immigration hearing and then present its case. That's what should happen but that's not what happened here or in other cases. In all cases? Probably not but way too many and too many US citizens are caught up in this. &gt; this isn't a 'papers please' society I know a legal immigrant who doesn't have theirs because they were required to relinquish it when they left their country (which no longer exists). They have a naturalization certificate and a US passport but that didn't help others who also have a license which included a citizenship check (as was the case in Florida). &gt; This is the same if you are accused and arrested of any crime. You're not held in jail for weeks while you're accused of a crime. If we're not a "papers please" society then you shouldn't have to be in jail for weeks - while losing your livelyhood - while the state gets its act together. This defense of Statism from people who are often anti-government is interesting, particularly when discussing immigration as opposed to any other issue where they rarely side with the State.
&gt; how can arabs be anti-semites? Do you know what a semite is? The modern connotation of "anti-semite" is anti-Jew.
No Taco Bell around here but BK is nearby so something at least, thanks!
Sure but that's just reality of the situation. On the flip side, Arabs are being screwed by their leaders who push anti-Israel policies over pro-Palestinian ones. They're stuck between two extremist groups with no hope of having a real state while, at the same time, relying on those extremist groups to keep the lights on. Plus the world doesn't really give a shit about them either and their fellow Muslim countries are all too happy to use them as scapegoats for anti-Israel, anti-US, and anti-West rhetoric as opposed to actually help them out in any meaningful way. After all, if Palestinians are all set, that's a huge talking point (and fundraising goal) that'll be off the table.
Thanks for the reco!
Hopefully most that didn't get it already had it.
"I'm well versed in music but Mozart is a blind spot".
This looks like a US first edition (as opposed to the UK one) and the prices for first editions vary greatly depending on the printing. This is why more pictures are helpful and please post again when you have them and we hope to help you out with some price guidance. It's up to you what you'd like to do with the jacket but if the book is worth thousands and you're not a professional, there's a higher probability of you doing damage to it. For instance, something happens where the heavier books remove some of the artwork or leave another mark or imprint. Just a thought :]
[Here's a map with where people thought Iran was located.](https://morningconsult.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/2020-People-Identifying-Iran-on-world-map-scaled.png) I have so many questions. For instance: * who said Iran was in the US? * who said Iran was in the middle of various oceans? * how can you confuse Iran with Australia - it's an entire continent! (don't give me Oceania arguments, please) * how many confused Italy with Iran? It has the most common shape - "this is Italy, it's the one that looks like a boot"
&gt; Some of the comments say that this is the only original and stylish movie of the decade. [It's a remake.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_Angel_\(OVA\)) There were quite a bit of overlap including some shot-by-shot copies. [Comparison video (with spoilers).](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6izXHpLMymE)
Another good tip: don't try to time the market.
That was my intention :]
A coworker of mine got an email which said that they recorded her downloading child pornography and unless they send $1000 in Bitcoin, they're going to report it to the authorities. She came into my office crying (I'm in charge of systems), said she never downloaded any child pornography and she doesn't know what to do and if she should call a lawyer. She's elderly and was pretty upset about the whole thing but if you don't know about these scams, you might think it's real. There's also a chance that he's trying to cover himself up but I typically err on ignorance since it tends to be the more frequent case.
Can confirm, this happens often and if you don't know what to do and you think it's real then it can be devastating to some.
Yeah, same here. I got an email saying they hacked my webcam. I have a desktop. There is no webcam. It's almost funny but then you realize some people freak out.
I'd change the router password since it could have been compromised. That or you have a teenager...
&gt; We should be scared because the way countries get out of crushing debt is inflation. That's often true but inflation doesn't need to happen. I'm not an economist but if you have other countries doing worse then you can definitely print money and have manageable inflation which is what happened in 2008. The US was burning but the rest of the world was melting so our bonds went down, we printed a metric ton of cash, and our inflation was kept in check.
They let you rinse and repeat but only after didn't have any accounts open in the last 6 months, sometimes 12 months. That's why you should always read the fine print - it's very explicit in what they consider to be a new account.
I think it's a lot more likely that you'll get innocent people paying because being falsely accused of downloading child porn is extremely serious.
A fellow churner :] Sad that my original comment was downvoted for getting money for almost no work but go figure.
&gt; that ties up $× amount of direct deposit from paychecks It doesn't. There are some offers that require you to keep your money there but most don't. Most just need that direct deposit so once you get that money from your regular paycheck, you can immediately move it back to your main checking account and use it. There are some that tie up $10k (even $25k) for months and although the bonus is nice compared to a money market account, I agree with you that the stock market/ETF/etc are a better bet and I don't use those.
It's actually pretty good and quite a few funny moments. Just a word of note that it's in Portuguese with English subtitles but it's pretty good. [Here's part of it.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RP7Xv0utRNQ)
Thank you!
Iran can't really do anything to the US. First of all, none of its missiles can hit US mainland. So Iran can only go after the targets it knows it can reliably hit and that's Iraq. It's technically attacking the US because we have troops all over the Middle East but not attacking the US hard enough to turn Americans against it (ex: by directly hitting Israel, a target they can reach). Since nobody cares about Iraq, that's what they did. Whether or not they deliberately tried to miss targets to not actually kill anyone or whether their missiles were terrible is up for speculation. This is basically a dick waiving for both sides: * US waived its dick by killing the general, showing Americans that we have a ~~lovely penis~~ strong military or whatever * Iran waived its dick by launching missiles, showing Iranians that ~~it too has a lovely penis~~ they'll retaliate after being attacked * Citizens of both countries don't really give a shit considering more serious problems (like wages and jobs) where the end result is talking points for their supporters for their respective elections and shut up the protesters for a bit
&gt; Salary: 110K &gt; Monthly Income: ~$6000 Where's the rest going? Obviously taxes but that's almost 35%. For instance, retirement or health insurance? &gt; Medical surgery (up to $5K) FYI, it might be too late but if you know of upcoming medical expenses, your company can offer a health savings account which you can use to pay for the surgery but save on taxes. I.e. instead of paying post-tax dollars to pay for it, you can use pre-tax dollars. &gt; Good new credit cards to get. Try /r/churning where they list various credit card offers. A lot depends on what you primarily want. For instance, if you travel often then get travel rewards but if you don't care then get cash back to use on anything. &gt; How to spread out cost of medical surgery Looks like you don't have an emergency savings account and if so then just do a balance transfer if you have cards with enough of a limit. &gt; how much to contribute monthly to $401K Max it out but only after you paid off your loans.
&gt; I'm kind of confused by when webcams would actually be necessary for business. Video conference. I agree that it's idiotic.
Then every single country, including the Burkina Faso and the Republic of San Marino is technically a threat to the US.
[Relevant Clarke and Dawe.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I5QwKEwo4Bc)
What do you mean? Everyone uses debt as a good thing unless you pay for everything in cash.
I think people need to look at college and student loans as an investment. Problem is that not even basic finance is being taught when you're already signing documents for tens of thousands of dollars. Basic finance - including student loans - should be a required class in all high schools. To save money, you should have: * an idea of your major (that's what high school is for). It doesn't have to be very specific. For example, you can go into "tech" and then decide more hardware vs. more software and then what kind as you take more classes * take all basic mandatory courses at a public university * then, if you like, transfer them to a private university if you believe it'll get you a better education I personally think that quite a few private college are there to make friends that'll open doors for you when you graduate as opposed getting a better education. Learning Calculus in your local public college won't be much better than learning it at Harvard. However, there's a higher opportunity for contacts at Harvard (especially for law, business, and medicine) than your local public college.
&gt; That example hasn't applied since the middle ages. It was an illustration of how money should be used to maximize the economy as opposed to something that should happen. The illustration is also not to different from reality where most of the tax cuts went to the wealthy as opposed to the poor/middle class. &gt; US still taxes that in various ways. If I'm rich and I spend $300k to buy a house in Italy, US does not tax that at all. If I buy a foreign car and keep it at my Spanish mansion, the US doesn't see a dime of that. &gt; By your own words, some of that will be invested into various funds, which will in turn be invested in companies. Most of the economy is consumer spending and not investments. $1 spent by a consumer is worth more than twice as much as that same dollar invested. &gt; Or they will jump on Amazon and buy $10K worth of Chinease products with minimal benefit to the US economy. That's what the wealthy would do - spend $10k on a random purchase. The poor will pay for food, medicine, buy/fix a car, etc. However, Amazon is an American company though I don't want to get into Amazon's tax issues here :] &gt; Investment IS consumer spending. It's not. If I invest in a company, that's not consumer spending. If I fund a start-up, that's not consumer spending either. &gt; This isn't even factoring in that consuming spending is neither good or bad. I didn't say it was good or bad, I said it was most of the economy therefore that's the part that should benefit the most. &gt; The poor on the other hand will mismanage their money and often buy things Yes. Exactly! They BUY things, i.e. consumer spending. The rich invest which is not consumer spending. In your example, the poor person has contributed to the economy more and we reward the rich who didn't. You made my point for me.
This is true for real estate property and this is generally known as a "like-kind exchange" - and just to clarify - the capital gains taxes are *deferred* as opposed to avoided entirely. [More info.](https://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/like-kind-exchanges-real-estate-tax-tips) However, like-kind does not apply to stocks and crypto is treated like stocks. [Here's a helpful article.](https://www.forbes.com/sites/robertwood/2019/11/18/irs-kills-tax-free-crypto-exchanges-not-hardly/#42f3845557c3) You can try it and see if you can get away with it - crypto taxation is still in its infancy but it's a growing blip on the IRS radar - but I wouldn't recommend it. Speaking for me personally, I was questioned by the IRS about crypto recently but, to be fair, I filed an almost 600-page return with substantial capital gains which were all deferred by a long-term capital loss. I explained myself and the case was closed without incident so the IRS is definitely not snoozing on crypto especially if you made quite a bit of profit.
&gt; Do the manuscripts submitted to publishers have an insanely high value? Generally speaking, yes. A lot depends on what kind of an author it is. For instance, Charles Darwin was a scientist as opposed to an author so the financial gain wasn't his primary motivation. In addition, considering his contribution, all of his manuscripts were digitized and you can read them all here for free: https://www.amnh.org/research/darwin-manuscripts (they're also annotated). This is as opposed to manuscripts submitted by authors who had a profit motive. For instance, the first edition of Harry Potter easily fetches tens of thousands with $15-40k being the general price (a lot depends on condition). However, [her manuscript sold for $90k](https://www.npr.org/2019/04/02/708999671/faulty-harry-potter-manuscript-sells-for-90-000) which is a hefty premium. Some ancient manuscripts are simply invaluable. For example, the Vatican has various manuscripts in their vaults which have no price considering their history. Bill Gates famously bought [Leonardo Da Vinci's manuscripts for $30.8 million](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Codex_Leicester). I don't own any manuscripts but I do have a relatively rare copy of Dante's Divine Comedy, published only 62 years after the first publication and 152 years after the manuscript was completed. The original manuscript no longer exists though some copies (made a century later) still survive. Museums are not entitled to anything and it depends on the people. Sometimes they donate to the museum and sometimes they sell.
You get no benefit out of it and IRS is happy to take your money without question. The IRS might audit you if you lose a lot of money since it's somehow missing but they're more concerned about you not paying taxes you do owe.
It's not a concrete fact but you could be under scrutiny. The bottom line is that you can totally cheat on your taxes. Will you get away with it if you don't cheat too much? It's very likely. Should you take that chance? I won't advise it.
Sounds an awful lot like [The Club Dumas](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Club_Dumas) only with Dumas instead of Dante. Strangely enough, Johnny Depp is involved with both (The Ninth Gate is based on The Club Dumas). Also odd that an important name - Torchia - in Dumas is similar to the author of this book.
Crypto income has always been taxable but the change this year is the tax form will specifically ask the question if you had any. My guess is that if you're trying to lie, now you can be charged as opposed to not saying anything either way. I'm not sure about mining, etc. Vast majority of people here likely trade as opposed to the rest so I'd consult a real CPA about that.
Thanks for the info!
If these kinds of people didn't affect anyone but themselves then I wouldn't care. However, it's when they affect others that's the problem. For instance, if you believe that vaccinations cause autism then you're a danger to society. If you exiled yourself to some remote lighthouse then I wouldn't care what you believed. However, if you live among society then your wrong views are a problem.
Her name is [Amy Benedict](https://www.imdb.com/name/nm0070749/?ref_=ttfc_fc_cl_t47).
The anti-vaxxer is an example of being wrong and negatively affecting others. &gt; So as a society, we should allow a central authority to dictate what is wrong and what is right? We already have central authorities - for thousands of years in every single culture on the planet - who set rules for that specific society. If the society is just, the views will be based on consensus of the governed and, hopefully, using factual data whenever possible.
It's simplistic statements like these that aren't helping anyone. There are a wide variety of factors why people voted for Trump. For instance, he has an R in front of his name on the ballot. I'm pretty sure that quite a bit of non-racist voters wanted to know if the letter was R and checked the box once they saw that R. I'm sure others weren't terribly inspired by Hillary Clinton and some of these people are Sanders supporters. I'm pretty sure that Clinton wasn't as inspiring as Obama was and decided to stay home. Some didn't want a legacy with yet another Clinton in the White House when we've already had two Bushes. Others didn't like a woman president (those are sexists, not racists). Some wanted a businessman in charge, i.e. those who really wanted Romney to win. For example, let's look at votes for the last 3 elections: * 2016: Clinton to Trump had 65,853,514 to 62,984,828 votes * 2012: Obama to Romney had 65,915,795 to 60,933,504 votes * 2008: Obama to McCain had 69,498,516 to 59,948,323 votes The Democratic nominee between 2012 and 2016 lost 62,281 votes but the Republican nominee gained 2,151,324 votes. So, based on the numbers, more people voted for Trump than for Romney while Clinton didn't pull any more votes than Obama in 2012. Trump also picked a guy from Indiana as VP which helped pull Ohio, possibly Pennsylvania, and his visits to Michigan helped him get the blue collar workers. Clinton picked a random guy who we all forgot about by now. That guy (Tim Caine from Virginia, in case anyone is wondering) didn't help Clinton win any additional states around his state. Trump's pick helped to flip 4 nearby states in his favor. Clinton visited 37 states while Trump visited 45 ([source](https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/hillary-clinton-donald-trumps-campaigns-numbers/story?id=43356783)). There's also the media who talked about Trump all the time (i.e. free publicity) as opposed to the flooded Benghazi hearings the media has been covering for years (all part of the GOP plan to tank her Presidency). While I'm sure more racists voted against a Democrat (considering the racists voted against a Democrat in 2008 and 2012), I'm pretty sure that the additional voters were more anti-Clinton than pro-Trump and it's likely that those who flipped weren't majority racists either unless you're saying that the reason why Trump won is because all those Democratic-voting racists decided to vote for a Republican. One final point... if the reason is really because of the racists, you'd think a lot more of them would vote in 2008 and 2012 elections for the Republican but the numbers don't support this idea.
See, this is exactly why what you're writing is science fiction because [in reality](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shir%C5%8D_Ishii), this person would die of natural causes. Also, thank you for writing this science fiction :]
To be honest, if millions of Americans are fooled by nonsense from Internet "news" from random "sources" then that's a much greater concern than who is President right now.
Oh I know both dates but the school taught 1939. They magically avoided talking about USSR invading Poland though. They said that Nazi's took over Poland and invaded USSR after signing a non-aggression pact which is a half truth. I learned that USSR also invaded Poland only after I came to the US. I think what they were going for is presumed that Poland was USSR territory in 1939 (since it was during the Cold War) and muddied the water to make USSR look good.
I'm in the US.
No worries :]
Probably depends on the school and the teachers. The further you are from Moscow, the more people aren't going to distribute official propaganda. Plus I didn't live in RSFSR which helped.
You're walking down the street. You see a person walking towards you. They look at you. You flip them off and tell them to go fuck themselves. You're allowed to do this too. You're just an asshole if you do it.
Finland wasn't covered at all.
I saw it on /r/videos and went from there.
They're not tracking me to my TV or movie theater. I haven't seen an increase of advertisements online but obviously Amazon.com is advertising it so that's expected.
I think it's the embarrassment of being whipped so bad that made them whitewash that history.
[Underwater scorpions.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eurypterid) Oh and these can be [up to 8 feet long](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Mega-Eurypterids.svg).
I think https://www.charitynavigator.org is a pretty good site for finding good charities. They at least give you lots of data so you can make a good decision.
&gt; Accusations are not enough for someone to see legal punishment Just a reminder that this is a good thing. This is why evidence is important and personal testimony isn't good enough. If someone has been raped, they need to report the crime and go to a hospital for evidence collection. Unfortunately, too many rape kits go unprocessed and that's a completely preventable tragedy.
Thanks and just for clarification - personal preference as in if they prefer men or women?
Ah, gotcha and yes this makes sense. Agreed totally, thanks!
Oh I didn't imply it was, I was just underlining and expanding on what you said.
My only comment to that is: /r/FuckHOA
Instead of looking at a time frame of a few years and one country, look at the global timeframe of the last dozen centuries. When this same country had laws for over 400 years that punished homosexuals (including execution being a law on the books), the current level of protection from the government - not to mention acceptance of gays by the English (80%+ approve) - is still pretty high.
/r/PublicFreakout
It was like that when I got there.
Cannot confirm
r/Brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrt
As the old joke goes... the Civil War wasn't about owning slaves. It was about states rights. To own slaves.
I'm not /u/IPlayTeemoSupport but I'll give you some advice: you need to figure out what's more important to you: finding a solid partner or marrying a Christian. I say that because sometimes you can marry a fellow Christian who turns out to be a horrible partner or you can expand your search to focus on love rather than a religious preference. That's a choice only you can make. However, speaking as someone who is married to a Christian for over a decade, we made our choice where our religious opinions about one another are worth less than finding a solid partner we can grow old with. Also, with all due respect, you're 26. You're too young to be complaining about the dating scene - plenty of others have the same issues and while I'm sure it helps to vent, you could also be trying too hard to find someone. Sometimes love finds you when you're not looking. I'll put it in a way that might make more sense to you - maybe God has a plan for you to find that special someone later on. Perhaps you're meant to reinvest your energies elsewhere, like establishing your career and being a productive member of a community and being a good Christian instead of being married. It seems like you know this already too but maybe you just need that push. If I had any actual advice for you as far as finding someone then people find partners with shared activities. For Christians, this should be pretty easy - you go to church and all of its related functions. That should be plenty to find someone with shared interests. You might need to adjust your standards. For instance, you mention attractive non-Christian girls. I wonder if you mean physically attractive as opposed to actually attractive. Beauty fades - keep that in mind - but the brain and the heart do not (and, I suppose in your case, the soul should be included). Good luck either way ;]
A successful company will grow and become bloated. I'm fine with this. It's when it squashes competition so it can remain fat that's the problem and where the government should step it.
Warning: this video shows dogs killing lots of rats. It's an interesting video to watch since that's their job and rats cause major damage but some people might not want to watch this, particularly if they have the sound on and they're at work.
I will say that it's standard hospital practice to ask if you're being abused or if you need to talk to someone. Even if you came in with someone, they always get you alone under the pretense of an exam and ask you this directly of everyone - men or women. They also ask if you want to harm yourself or if you need someone to talk to. I'm glad they have this service.
No problem, take care :]
&gt; Dresden was a british attempt to recreate the fire bombing of tokyo. Did they travel back in time because firebombing of Tokyo happened a month after Dresden (13-15 February 1945 for Dresden vs 9-10 March 1945 for Tokyo). &gt; While it did have factories there(as most cities did) it was already about to be captured by allied forces right before they bombed it. How much sense does it make to destroy over a hundred factories and leave the city a smoldering crater if you were about to capture it? Oh and they dropped another 2,700+ tons of explosives over the next two months on top of all that.
You can really notice it if you're exposed to something that isn't as common: * if you know someone who is pregnant, you suddenly see pregnant women more often * if you know someone who is in a cast, you suddenly see people in casts more often You just pay more attention to whatever filter is turned on at the moment. For instance, there's [this famous video of people with basketballs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IGQmdoK_ZfY) that has a twist at the end.
[Done](https://www.reddit.com/r/noisyquotes/comments/es13oi/the_matrix_agent_smith/)
If you always whisper then anything louder will wake them up. If you use normal voice then they'll get used to normal conversation even while sleeping so you don't have to tiptoe around them.
Doug Jones too.
&gt; With the deaths of Robin Williams and Anthony Bourdain many people have come to realize there is no measure of fame or success that can make you invulnerable to depression, or to the health effects of CTE or drug abuse. I agree with your general sentiment but these things are different. Depression is something that happens to you for a wide variety of reasons and yes, fame does not shield you from it (it might actually make it worse). Drug abuse is your own choice. CTE is - in this particular case - an effect of your career choice in the same way piano players or software developers might have issues with their fingers. [CTE](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chronic_traumatic_encephalopathy) happens because these people hit hard and do this over and over for years (sometimes decades). NFL is actively denying CTE and funding scientists to debunk it. CTE is a biological fact: we're mostly made of water, brain is very fleshy, and if you continue to hit your skull regularly for years, you're going to have problems. You can look at similar damage with [boxers](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0JCr6EfleG8). If the NFL recognizes CTE, it will lose a lot of money through various lawsuits not to mention have regulations to not hit as hard or have mandatory retirements based on position type (ex: kicker vs. center).
"Do you have a flip flop handy?"
I agree with this sentiment. Innocent until proven guilty. However, didn't President Trump and his advisers admit that they pressured Ukraine to not release the funds? Didn't others testify this and I want to say that there's either video or a tweet of President Trump saying that this happened because he was trying to root out corruption with Biden's son in Ukraine and this is why the aid was withheld? Let's say there's another situation: person X has allegedly performed crime Y. This is an allegation and person X should be viewed as innocent until proven guilty. But then person X issues press releases saying he did Y but it's not a crime. Other people working with person X say that Y happened as well. Y was a crime but X is denying it. So in this case, the argument isn't that person X did Y - it's no longer an allegation if X admitted it - but whether Y is a crime. If someone said that I allegedly did something, I'm not going to repeatedly acknowledge it in public if it's not true, particularly if this something is being handled as a crime, right?
[More info on eruv.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eruv)
If you don't know, [ICANN](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ICANN) sold the control of the entire ".org" [TLD](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Top-level_domain) to Ethos Capital. This company can do anything including domain disputes and price controls and they'll manage all current .org domains and all .org domains bought in the future. This is a private company with no international oversight or regulation. The company [Ethos Capital](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ethos_Capital) was just formed in 2019 which is totally not suspicious at all. In addition, former ICANN members have business relationships with Ethos: * for instance, Ethos was founded by Erik Brooks who is a former managing partner of another private equity firm called Abry Partners. When he was there, they bought Donuts (a large domain registrar). In late 2018, the former ICANN President of Global Domains, Akram Atallah joined Donuts as CEO. * Former ICANN CEO serves as an advisor * Former SVP serves as Chief Purpose Officer Ethos was founded for ICANN - a non-profit company - to sell a good chunk of itself to a for-profit company with various ICANN managers with high-ranking positions. The sale cost $1.135 billion. During the announcement, ICANN said that Ethos Capital - a company founded less than a year before the sale with 2 employees (including Erik Brooks) - is "a strong strategic partner that understands the intricacies of the domain industry". Ethos Capital is funded by: Perot Holdings (of Ross Perot family), FMR LLC (who own Fidelity Investments and owned by the [Johnson family](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abigail_Johnson) of Boston), and Solamere Capital (co-founded by Tagg Romney, son of Mitt Romney). There are over 10 million .org domains out there.
He was nominated less than 2 weeks into his Presidency. He was amping up the economy more than drone strikes. However, if that's your real issue with the Nobel Prize committee, you might want to look at [past winners](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Nobel_Peace_Prize_laureates). Lots of great people but also a few war mongers, criminals, and terrorists (though mostly in the last 50 years or so).
I like maths :]
[Somewhat relevant George Carlin](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h67k9eEw9AY)
I remember the Republicans complaining about the deficit a lot louder under Obama than Democrats under Trump. My memory might be hazy but the last few times our deficit was getting better is when we had a Democratic President and a Democratic Congress. Before that was in the 90s with a Democratic President and a Republican Congress.
&gt; $46 million is not that much compared to $1 billion The scale is not even comparable. For instance, median American salary is about $63k. The same ratio of $46m to $1b would be about $2,900 compared to that median salary. It's a large amount but not completely unreasonable. However, when that $2,900 is compared to $1,200 median rent, it doesn't compare to the median rent/mortgage for someone who is worth a billion dollars where they save/invest vast majority of their wealth vs. just getting by.
Flesh of rotting fruit on a book cover made me cringe.
Was this an American game?
Right back at ya :]
I watch a bunch of movies and although that scene in The Incredibles 2 didn't affect me, it was annoying. Now that I watched the "fixed" version, I prefer it a lot more. I like your suggestion and I think it should be done. I don't think there is a benefit. It's a serious health issue to some (like you) and it's an annoyance to others (hopefully the majority) so it makes sense to change.
Does she have a plan for how she's going to have all of her stuff passed by Congress?
I agree that the filibuster is the government version of holding your breath when you're a child.
Likely because the population of teenagers/young adults as percentage of the overall population has been falling as well.
To add, the Dow is changed by the dollar weight change of its components. For instance, let's look at Dow inc. Its market cap is $35.2b and its current price is $47.35. If it goes down $1/share, that's a decrease in 2.11%. Now let's take another company like Boeing. Current price is $319.71 with a market cap of $180b. A dollar increase is 0.31% (i.e. less than a third of one percent). However, both moves will result in no net change in the Dow (excluding the other 28 components). So an increase of of less than a third of one percent of one company is equal to a 2.11% drop of another company. Now let's compare Boeing to Apple. Their share prices are about equal - $319.71 vs. $309.89 respectively - where they'll approximately have the same effect on the Dow Jones average if one goes up and another goes down. However, Apple is over 7.5 times larger than Boeing, sitting at $1.36t market cap.
[Here you go.](https://www.cdc.gov/art/artdata/index.html) 78,052 born / 284,385 cycles = 27.45%. I actually looked at the first figure so it's 27.45% vs 25% but compared to 40%, pretty spot on. Your source is an [online marketing firm for fertility clinics](https://fertilitysuccessrates.com/contact.html), so it's not as credible.
&gt; Children can’t work until they turn 18 They can but only if they have a permit and there's a limitation on the number of hours. Chipotle allowed them to work without permits and they worked too many hours.
&gt; Imagine what the country would look like after even a single year where every single citizen received $12000. I don't know how many US citizens there are (as opposed to US population) but let's figure 300m for a nice round number. That would increase the deficit by 300m * $12k = $3.6 trillion. Per year. &gt; If we can afford to let Trump be president and waste more than 4 trillion in additional debt That was 4 trillion wasted over 3 years. Over 3 years here, this suggestion would waste $11 trillion instead and that's not including our current deficit.
&gt; Tou said exactly what I did, for the cost to let this orange billionaire cosplay President for 4 years we could give every single citizen, including children, $1000 a month for a year. No, you said that Trump cost $4t trillion over 3 years and I said you Yang would be $3.5 trillion *per year* or $11 trillion and that's on top of the current deficit. Let's not focus on Trump here, I don't really care and I'm not defending him, but let's focus on Yang's proposal. It seems like you also don't care about exploding our deficit and instead want to give more money to people. Do you think there won't be any consequences for having an additional $11t over 3 years, i.e. an additional $30 trillion over Yang's presumed 8-year term and that's on top of $19 trillion debt when would have been elected? $50 trillion debt in 8 years for a $20 trillion GDP isn't going to fly and it'll create massive chaos. &gt; Right now we have a government that accomplishes nothing for 99% of the population and we are all paying out the nose for it. But we're not. All this massive deficit spending for decades and taxes haven't gone up. [Here's average tax rate for the last 40 years.](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8c/Average_US_Federal_Tax_Rates_1979_to_2013.png) Pretty nobody is paying anything extra while our debt went from $900b to $23t today.
&gt; There is no legal way for Israel to seize land in war. Are you just going to invalidate all land seizures after wars all over the globe for thousands of years? Gaining land is part of the benefits of winning a war. How do you think the US got California?
Getting money sooner or being more prepared to pay taxes isn't a tip that improves your life? I mean what's "significant way" - there are tips here about using forks vs. spoons.
What are your questions?
&gt; so for the first x number of dollars I earn I'm taxed at 10%? Then up to the next y dollars of income I'm takes at whatever %? Yep, it's like that - you got it :] &gt; How does this make sense even? The idea is that we have progressive taxation (progressive, as in progress, i.e. moving up) as opposed to flat taxation (aka regressive taxation). The benefit of progressive taxation is that it doesn't hurt the poor. For instance, let's say everyone pays a nice round 50% tax rate. * say you have someone making $20k. Now they pay $10k in taxes. They're screwed where they can't afford anything. * say you have someone making $20m. Now they may $10m in taxes. They're still perfectly fine and can continue to live without issues. So flat taxation - regressive taxation - hurts the poor. Progressive taxation helps the poor (and the middle class but to a lesser extent). The idea is that as you earn more money, you're taxed at a higher rate. However, the rate isn't punishing where if you get a raise, you made less money than before or the raise isn't worth it. Here's a comparison for going from a 22% to a 24% tax bracket. * option A: let's say you made $80k before and you got a raise where you got $85k now. The additional $5k is going to be taxed at 22% and that's $1,100 in taxes so you keep $3,900 out of that $5,000. * option B: let's say you get another raise of another $5k, giving you $90k salary. * since the 24% tax bracket starts at $85,526, you pay $85,525 - $85,000 you were paid before = $525 which is taxed at the 22% tax bracket (which is $115.50) * the remaining amount $90k - $85,526 = $4,474 which is taxed at 24% or $1,073.76 * this means that your total tax is $115.50 + $1,073.76 = $1,189.26 To compare: the first $5k in the same tax bracket made you pay $1,100 in taxes. Going to a brand new tax bracket made you pay $1,189.26 or slightly more. However you still got that raise so you're still getting $4,474 you didn't have before. If there were no tax brackets, you'd pay the same amount of taxes on any $5k raise you got.
Just to clarify for the benefit of /u/pi-rat ... that money is currently not taxed. You're deferring the tax when you withdraw the 401k money after you retire. The idea is that when you retire, you'll earn less money and therefore pay a lower rate in taxes. For instance, say you're making $100k now which puts you at the 24% tax bracket. If you take $10k of that and put it into a 401k, you pay taxes on $90k with your regular tax rate. The $10k goes into your 401k and grows. Say when you retire, you have no income so money you take out of the 401k will be taxed at the lowest bracket, which is currently 10%. This means that instead of paying 24% now, you'd be paying 10% later. So not only do you save money in taxes but you're also able to use this money to grow your 401k over the years. So it'ss not so much that "money is taxed at 0", but the taxes are deferred to a later date where you'd pay less money overall.
Once again, the comment I'm replying to said: &gt; &gt; The entire process caters heavily to people who have money and essentially ruin people without money, without a real explanation why. It does not ruin people without money at all. Being poor does not mean you have a poor credit score. That's what I'm replying to.
Question at the end of the video starts at 18:10 and it is: &gt; &gt; which research organization created the first website? The answer is CERN. Click on this link: https://www.fasthosts.co.uk/veritasium and if you're in the UK, you can get 2 tickets to South by Southwest.
&gt; I am curious about where the different tax brackets come from? It's an evolution of an existing system where the government continues to play with the best tax policy that gets the most money without screwing over people who elect that government :] &gt; I hear about people with much more money than I have in creative ways to prevent it from getting taxed, how is this possible? I have just the example and it's called long-term capital gains. If you have a job and you have regular income, you pay "income taxes". As I already mentioned, those are progressive and you pay more as you earn more. However, if you buy stock in a company and hold it for over a year and sell it for profit, you don't pay income taxes on it. You pay long-term capital gains taxes (LTCG). LTCG is a flat rate that depends on your income and [here are the brackets.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Capital_gains_tax_in_the_United_States#Current_law) As you can see, if you're single and you make $50k in your job, you're in the 15% tax bracket for LTCG. This means that if you earn an additional $300,000 in regular income, you're going to be in the 35% tax bracket where your additional taxes for the last $96k alone will be $33,600, not to mention taxes for the other $204k! However, instead of earning $300k in regular income, if you earn it through investments that you've held for over a year, you're only going to be taxed $45,000... total. So it's a massive tax savings over regular income. This is also why you often see CEO's take a dollar salary (i.e. regular income) because they mostly get paid in stocks (i.e. LTCG) where they save more than half on their taxes. You can also reduce your taxes by donations and funding your retirement accounts and you can bring down your rate even lower. &gt; sometimes folks with less money are disproportionately affected by tax cuts (IE folks with less see less actual money returned VS those with more, and end up spending more due to decreed access to available services). This again goes back to progressive vs. regressive taxation. Mathematically, the rich pay more of the taxes because they earn more. However, their tax rate is often low because as you get more wealthy, more of your income is from LTCG as opposed to regular income. To rephrase, a doctor making $500k pays a higher tax rate than an investor making that same $500k. So if there are tax cuts, they tend to be the inverse. I.e. instead of having people on the top get the least, they get the most. A poor person can get an extra $100/year but a wealthy person could get $300,000/year. Which would you say made more of a difference? &gt; are our income taxes actually used to pay anything other than repaying our countries debt? Technically we're not repaying any debt of any kind. If we did, our debt would decrease. So we're only paying interest and that's only about $400 billion which is a bit more than 10% of our overall revenue which is about $3.7 trillion. However, our interest rate on the debt is about 2.5% which is pretty small. In addition, the $400b paid is from all revenue as opposed to revenue paid by individual income taxes so it's a small proportion of all revenue.
[Here you go.](https://www.reddit.com/r/alttpr/comments/8dl0tb/til_reddit_now_has_an_official_spoiler_tag/)
&gt; journalist Definition: a person who writes for newspapers, magazines, or news websites or prepares news to be broadcast. Wikileaks broadcasts news. He's a journalist.
Girl in thumbnail appears at [27:28](https://youtu.be/2pkAPH8wZyw?t=1648).
r/SweatyPalms
Then you might enjoy this... Shakespeare wrote Much Ado About Nothing. The "nothing" is a double entendre for "an O-thing" which was contemporary slang for vagina (and stemming from a woman having "nothing" between her legs). It puts the play in a new light and how Shakespeare got away with having an otherwise scandalous title.
I agree and the soundtrack itself was pretty good but those songs were already hits. I'm Kissing You is a hit single specifically for the movie.
It was that too but the specific context in this play is the vagina.
Insane that a car from a random movie TWO DECADES ago can undo all this work. This isn't Mickey Mouse. It's a car most of us forgot about and you have a whole generation of people who've never seen that movie.
I just saw your edit. Yes, the murder video was NOT allowed in the trial which is why I believe the murderer isn't in prison right now. I totally agree with your point but I just wanted to explain that the murderer was found not guilty because the murder video was not allowed to be viewed in court. So bodycam footage CAN do something but only IF it's allowed to be used in court. It's not a guarantee but it definitely helps! CC /u/HaloSlippin who was right.
Holden strikes me as an anarchist more than anything. Johnson is simply a pragmatist. I think there's a lot more issues between Belters and Inners than white and black in The Expanse. In the end, it's the same thing: one camp vs. another. &gt; His insistence on "no teams" is a proxy for colorblindness I mean maybe that's how you take it. To me, he's against having an "us vs. them" mentality because it creates several problems: * you defend anything your piece of shit side does * you vilify anything the other piece of shit side does * you also disregard those stuck in the middle of your shitty sides fighting at best and lump them in with the other side at the worst I actually relate closer to Holden than Johnson here since I also don't pick any sides. This means that I get hate from both sides and so does he to a point. Except I'm no hero. I'm no James Fucking SsurebreC. And that's the problem - a lot of people don't want to be tied to any side of the fence since both are disgusting in the own ways and both form the "us vs. them" divide which is part of the problem. I think you're wrong about reading into race as far as The Expanse. The way I'm reading The Expanse is that it's more a class struggle of the poor (Belters) vs. the rich (Inners) than a race conflict. If anything, the authors brilliantly threw in extinction of the species into a class war to see what would happen.
[This song is for you, my friend.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KVN_0qvuhhw)
&gt; There isn't a system in which corporations could exist and not focus on money that's also fair and unbiased. My point is that corporations make money by selling things. Doing things like social programs or other events aren't part of their core businesses. It's this new thing that they're doing for PR. Problem is that it's working and people are literally buying their PR. This opens the gates for other groups to do this, including ones with nefarious purposes. The cat is out of the bag so it can't be stopped. I'm just pointing it out and saying corporations should stick to their core business model and not get involved in any causes because all parties can use them.
How about blame the media which creates a barrier to entry for minor candidates. How about giving equal time to other candidates? How about this: the Democratic debates are created by Republicans and Democrats as opposed to the government. This means they don't allow any other candidates to participate.
[So many choices in 2020.](https://cdn.pastemagazine.com/www/articles/SimpsonsPoli5.jpg)
In 2020, we thought we'd have flying cars, high technology, and space travel. Instead we have guides on how to protect yourself from the government spraying you with tear gas.
&gt; i just took the picture without really thinking about it too much I see you're a regular on r/pics.
Thank you, I'm glad you found this useful! I see people using either very generic short passwords or maybe 8-character complicated passwords (that they likely reuse everywhere).
Also [Homeworld 3](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J675BQaIuQs) is coming soon...
You can label someone but it doesn't mean you picked a side. I can label someone to be a woman, a black man, etc, but it's how I treat them that matters. People aren't equal - everyone has different weights, heights, colors, abilities, etc - but they should be given equal opportunity to succeed. For instance, a strong man, a strong woman, a weak man, a weak woman, a black man, a gay woman, etc, etc, should all be able to compete for a particular job and the best candidate should win. Case in point: I'd prefer a strong woman for a fireman position over a weak man because I don't care about the gender, race, sexual orientation, or whatever of a person saving my life. I only care that they can carry me to safety. Discrimination is part of stereotypes and stereotypes - at their core - are good because it allows us to quickly spot danger. The problem is overcoming stereotypes. For instance, a few centuries ago, if you had a fire and they sent someone in, you used the stereotype of a strong man that you know would be sent in. Or today, we still have the stereotype of a female nurse taking care of you. They save time in processing information. If a news article said a terrorist attack happened in Afghanistan, you already have various attributes of the terrorist such as: * their gender * sexual orientation * skin color * race * religion * education * basic family structure * their friends * heck, their name to a point As I said, stereotypes are a way of saving a massive amount of time in processing information and the problem is overcoming them. For example, realizing the males can be nurses, that women can be firemen, etc. &gt; I dont think Holden is an anarchist, anarchy is chaos Depends. Anarchists - the ones who think about the position - simply don't believe in uncoerced leadership. Their views simply aren't viable outside of a small commune where they thrive. If you have a small group of people - maybe a few dozen - then it won't have any issues without any real government because everyone meets together and discusses issues. This isn't that different from Holden's family where you have a large group of people who are isolated from the world and living together to help the family. This is the environment Holden grew up in. This is also why he's a reluctant leader at first and didn't even want to be promoted because he saw himself as falling deeper into "the system". He's definitely an idealist though but reality is forced upon to him and he's changing his mind. He's still an idealist but he's becoming a pragmatist. The opposite of an anarchist is a statist or a corporatist and Holden is definitely a lot more of an anarchist than the latter. I'm not sure what you mean in your last two paragraphs about Earth/Mars.
I said it before and I'll say it again, out of all the scifi I've read and watched, The Expanse creates the most realistic setting for the future of humanity once we begin space exploration and colonization. I would exclude the protomolecule or the Estein drive since that's scifi but as far as Earth/Mars/Belter conflicts, changes in physiology, government/corporate conflicts, mass unemployment, and space war as far as PDCs and hard burn, I think the authors hit the nail on the head.
Letters are better than numbers considering how many there are in each set.
So the thing about his endings is that you have a lot of action happen quickly. You keep reading towards the end and looking at the page count, thinking to yourself "there isn't enough time!!!" I just finished Dune Messiah where a key death happened in literally one sentence. It's not ideal but the rich story getting us to the ending is part of the adventure. But let's take your examples in turn and elaborate: &gt; Feyd-Rautha seemed important but didn’t do much He wasn't meant to. He wasn't really built up as anything but a brute. There was a hint of something but the Baron squashed his ambitions for a promise of the future. Whether or not that promise was going to be kept or whether the Baron wanted to use Feyd-Rautha is interesting speculation. I see no reason for the Baron to ever give up power and I fully expected him to double-cross his nephew. This is why he looks lost when the Baron dies and he becomes the leader of his House. He wasn't ready by far. His first - and last - impulse is that of a high school bully. He died like he lived. &gt; the baron just died by the hands of Alia who can sort of read minds I actually found his death to be very amusing. A powerful Baron, in charge of a great House, he who has killed so many people, subjugated so many people and lands, killed by a child via little prick. Duke's death could be considered a foreshadow where the Baron almost died to poison but he didn't learn his lesson. &gt; the emperor just conceded This happens to all the emperors. When you no longer have supporters, you realize you're just another person. He realized he was done for when the Guild turned their backs on him. He only had two cards to play. Feyd-Rautha was a miss. Irulan was the sacrificial pawn she was born to be. He played the only thing he had left. If you recall the beginning, there were only two major Houses: House Harkonnen and House Atreides. House Harkonnen has fallen with Feyd-Rautha's death and House Atreides stands against him. The Guild abandoned him and the Bene Geserit plans kind of take centuries to execute and they were subverted by Jessica. He had no more allies and no other place to turn. The one thing that is explained better in the subsequent books and something you can easily miss in Dune is the rise of Paul and how there are precursors of what kind of a ruler he will be. Subtle hint: Frank Herbert doesn't write comic book heroes. There are a few passages in Dune that hint at what Paul is capable of as he gains power and you might want to re-read when he takes charge from Stilgar before the Fremen.
So I hope you realize that Dune is science fiction and while it uses contemporary language from the Middle East, it's not really something you can speculate on as far as what'll happen in the future. For instance, what did our species do 10,000 years ago? Well this is 20,000 years into the future so chances are that everything we have today will be long gone and this includes the specific religions. There's no reason to translate anything. Bene Geserit or Kwisatz Haderach have as much relation to Judaism as the Muslim use of [Mahdi](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mahdi) as far as the future. &gt; The biblical narrative of the revelation at Sinai begins in Exodus 19 after the arrival of the children of Israel at Mount Sinai You're right, that is the Biblical narrative but it's also a legendary story. Historically, it's as accurate as King Arthur who is also a legend and not a historical person. &gt; Bene Gesserit are a hardcore feminist group Depends on the definition of "feminist". If you mean "trying to make sure that men and women have equal treatment" then I highly disagree since Bene Geserit are trying to gain upper hand in all situations. If anything, they're trying to get special considerations for their order and their methods include rape to get what they want. Now if I really wanted to think about where the Bene Geserit movement could come from, it would definitely start with some hardcore geneticists. The types that want some form of either racial purity, eugenics, etc, with strong ties or at least allegiance to royalty and bloodlines. Add political corruption to that, and a heavy hand in 19-20th century European royal family trees and you'll get Bene Geserit.
Science fiction is what people today hope will happen in the future. Sometimes it happens and it's a LOT easier to happen with technological advances than how humans behave towards one another. Your post implied that because one author believed in something then it'll happen in 20,000 years and here's where the origins of this. I don't see how your reply has any relation to somehow not being able to produce scifi. It's science fiction. You keep ignoring the second word of science fiction. Scifi inspires but it's really the technical advancements as opposed to how we treat one another. Those tend to not go over too well and plenty of scifi treats its characters in awful ways. This includes the Bene Geserit. If there's hope for our species then that group won't ever exist or at least won't have any power. Bit of a bummer you ignored everything else I wrote.
Don't spoil it for me but I'm reading all six books. I've only read the first three before so after Children of Dune, it's all new territory. I'm really excited about taking this journey :]
Oh man, just wait for 5 more chapters and you'll get hit with another one. The first sentence of the book should have prepared you for what's coming.
Definitely needs more crabs!
When was the last time we had 40 million jobs created in a few months?
&gt; First, no one is expecting the employment rate to be 100%. I didn't say 100% but to go back what we had before the crash would mean creation of 40m jobs (give or take). This includes creating jobs for small businesses that have now gone bankrupt (i.e. those jobs aren't coming back). &gt; many of the jobs don't have to be created, just re-opened If a company lays off a person, they can rehire them. Yes I agree. But if the business failed then they're not rehiring anyone. In addition, large businesses aren't keen on hiring lots of people since they're doing the math of how many they can keep off of the payroll to save money. &gt; I am not expecting an immediate recovery. Me neither but considering vast majority of the economy is consumer spending and the recovery will take a while, this means that the mathematics of where the stock market should be means it's extremely overvalued. $1,200/person, $600/person isn't much when these people used to earn $4,500/mo. Unemployment benefits will help but the unemployed are cutting everything.
I love Dune - I'm actually reading the third book in the series and I have 3 more books after that. When I was looking to buy the next 3 books, Doon came up as a sponsored link and I looked it up. That book made me laugh out loud. It's pretty funny and the story is based on Dune, just tweaks the characters and motivations.
I think we're all hoping for a quick recovery. I'm just pessimistic and the previous disasters have told me that it won't be that quick. I don't think you're naive but we all want that V to happen so things can go back to normal or perhaps even improve from there. I appreciate the chat, thank you :]
Are you prohibited from posting more pictures?
Oh, oops.
&gt; The Man from Earth A fantastic movie worth checking out. It has an excellent ending!
&gt; fire departments, while initially founded by Benjamin Franklin [You're off by around 1,900 years.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_firefighting)
I heard back from LitMobile and they sent me [this reply](https://media.giphy.com/media/94EQmVHkveNck/200.gif).
Thank you!
No problem and there's a huge difference in price between states. It could be ten times higher price (or more). I haven't seen prices for Tom Sawyer in a while but first edition first state is like $20k+ while second state is $2,500. If you're buying books, you'll also need to know this so you know you're not being ripped off. Some sellers hide the state information (some on purpose, some due to their own ignorance) and say it's just a general "first edition" so you think you're getting a $10k book for $1k when in fact you're getting a $500 book for $1k.
Yes I have Jules Verne as well and it's a similar cluster. However, unlike Mark Twain, Jules Verne has this amazing resource: http://julesverne.ca.
Thanks though a general table with a TL;DR and/or pictures like the Jules Verne site would be better than that PhD dissertation.
&gt; Why did they run in a straight line? I think I have an explanation for that. When you're on adrenaline and you're afraid, your reasoning goes out the window. The fight or flight takes over and since you can't fight, you run. It takes advanced reasoning abilities (I'm talking about the comparison to our cave-dwelling brains in times of severe distress) to make turns while running as opposed to just running in a straight line as far as possible. Your brain thinks "must run fast" and turning delays that critical objective. If you watch enough accident videos, people run in a straight line.
I own the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle and can confirm.
Cross-nailed god has ~~1.2~~ 2.1 billion worshipers. Six out of the seven days of the week are named after Norse gods, used by 7.6 billion people. * Sunday: For Sol, goddess of the sun, Sun's day * Monday: for Mani, goddess of the moon, Mani's day * Tuesday: For Tyr, god of war, Tyr's day * Wednesday: For Odin, the Raven God, sometimes known as Woden, Woden's day * Thursday: For Thor, god of strength and storms, Thor's day * Friday: For Frigg, goddess of marriage, Frigg's day Saturday came from the Romans after one of their gods, Saturn.
It's either objective or subjective.
&gt; It's still private property, property that other people worked HARD for, that is being stolen. It simply depends on the circumstances since both is stealing private property: * people stealing food from stores in cases of emergency (ex: Katrina) is simply survival and should be acceptable * people stealing TV's ... ever... is looting
Sure though more != better, it's just more. Both haven't proven their claims to be true and, if anything, Christians have to worry about Muslims catching up since they have a significantly higher birth rate. If Islam overtakes Christianity, it wouldn't be any "better" than Christianity or Nordic religions.
I just had a typo of 1.2 instead of 2.1
Yep, 1.2 billion Catholics, 2.1 billion Christians :]
The next scene is him running in that gown in public with an erection.
That just about sums up the whole movie!
A fellow Dune lover! I just re-read it myself, finished Dune Messiah, and I'm on Children of Dune. I also read The Expanse series so far and I'm loving it!
&gt; Magnetar-Class destroyers I hope the special effects department has seen [Babylon 5's Vorlon Planet Killers](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xl7C6_qa1Do) since that's more or less how I imagine them.
Don't worry about them, they had no choice but to write that comment.
That's pretty interesting, thank you!
This really is the question about international community and sovereign rights. For instance, let's forget the baggage of Nazi's for a minute considering there was war and let's look at a modern example: China. Does China have the legal right to kill its citizens considering the Uyghurs? If so then this is similar and it also means that as long as the country does anything to its own population then this is somehow OK or at least not illegal. If not and China doesn't have that right then the international community should do something and that community should do something anytime any country does something to its people. In practice, countries have their sovereignty and while anyone can put political pressure for any reason, there are no real legal ramifications and therefore no real consequences.
&gt; China does not have the right So whenever you have someone who breaks a particular rule, there are consequences. If there are no consequences then there is no practice difference between having rules with no consequences and not having the rules in the first place. The US also signed the UN Charter and it has killed its members of own population. It also practiced torture against members of other countries which is surely an illegal act. Any consequences? No so there's no practical difference between the two. &gt; What made the Nuremberg trials special was that there weren’t any laws or peremptory norms that prohibited what the Nazi’s were doing. To be fair, do you really need to have laws against genocide? Isn't this kind of a universally understood concept that it's not a good thing to do? I mean we've had genocides before - and since. The norms existed. Nazi's simply brought scale of the genocide.
If I kill you in cold blood and give your family money, should that be legal?
Do I dare ask or is it better to be ignorant?
Thanks!
&gt; Lots of working class people have money in stocks. If you mean retirement account then let's do some quick math. First let's establish that [in this link](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Personal_income_in_the_United_States#Income_distribution), if you scroll down to $75-100k, it shows that 90.85% of people earn $100k or less. Now let's take a look at [last year's Vanguard report on 401k balances](https://pressroom.vanguard.com/nonindexed/Research-How-America-Saves-2019-Report.pdf) (page 52, right column). Quick summaries, all numbers are median: * $75k-100k has a median of $61,635 account balance. * All groups earning less have even more with those earning less than $15k (which is 26.74% of Americans per first link) have a median balance of $1,376. * the S&amp;P - which is a broader range of the market compared to the Dow or Nasdaq - has dropped from 3,394 to a low of 2,250 (33.7% loss) and went up to 3,207 today, i.e. it's about 5.5% down from record highs. * presuming retirement account balances follow the S&amp;P more than Dow or Nasdaq, this translates to a temporary loss of $3,396 in the group making $75-100k and $75.68 loss for the lowest group. * that same personal income table shows that 27.36% make up people earning 25-$50k. * the $30-50k group has a median balance of $6,909, i.e. $380 loss * the lowest group make less than $25k and make up 42.87% of income earners * their retirement balances are reported in the $15-30k group and have a median of $2,678 or $148 loss ... meanwhile if they lost their job, they'd have lost a lot more than their retirement balance. Looking at the lowest group: * they had a temporary loss of ($2,678 * 33.7%) = $903 * which came back up to only lose 5.5% or have their balance go up to $2,531, a net loss of $147 * but if they lost their job - and tens of millions have - then presuming they got paid unemployment benefits (not a guarantee), their income dropped from $15k-30k to $7.5k-15k, i.e. they lost $15k / 12 months * 2 months out of work = $2,500 for those making $15k and $5,000 for those making $30k But hey, even though they lost $2,500-$5,000 in income now, their retirement account balances only lost $147, the big news there, somehow? Oh and these are retirement accounts. The age distribution shows that 65 years old or older, i.e. the only people who can begin using that money without penalties, only have $58,035 median balance. For the rest, they can't touch that money for years so the market fluctuations today won't affect them at all because they're at least half a decade away from retirement. Losing a job hurts immediately and at a significantly greater scale than their investments in retirement accounts where most have too little money saved and can't touch them for years anyway. The stock market can double but unless this translates to jobs gained, it won't matter. About two thirds of the economy is consumer spending. Unemployed people are going to cut spending for obvious reasons.
[Relevant David Mitchell.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=om7O0MFkmpw)
[Oh why not...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rs3dPaz9nAo) I know the kings of England, and I quote the fights historical From Marathon to Waterloo, in order categorical; I'm very well acquainted, too, with matters mathematical, I understand equations, both the simple and quadratical, About binomial theorem I'm teeming with a lot o' news, With many cheerful facts about the square of the hypotenuse. I'm very good at integral and differential calculus; I know the scientific names of beings animalculous: In short, in matters vegetable, animal, and mineral, I am the very model of a modern Major-General. I know our mythic history, King Arthur's and Sir Caradoc's; I answer hard acrostics, I've a pretty taste for paradox, I quote in elegiacs all the crimes of Heliogabalus, In conics I can floor peculiarities parabolous; I can tell undoubted Raphaels from Gerard Dows and Zoffanies, I know the croaking chorus from The Frogs of Aristophanes! Then I can hum a fugue of which I've heard the music's din afore, And whistle all the airs from that infernal nonsense Pinafore. Then I can write a washing bill in Babylonic cuneiform, And tell you ev'ry detail of Caractacus's uniform: In short, in matters vegetable, animal, and mineral, I am the very model of a modern Major-General. In fact, when I know what is meant by "mamelon" and "ravelin", When I can tell at sight a Mauser rifle from a javelin, When such affairs as sorties and surprises I'm more wary at, And when I know precisely what is meant by "commissariat", When I have learnt what progress has been made in modern gunnery, When I know more of tactics than a novice in a nunnery – In short, when I've a smattering of elemental strategy – You'll say a better Major-General has never sat a gee. For my military knowledge, though I'm plucky and adventury, Has only been brought down to the beginning of the century; But still, in matters vegetable, animal, and mineral, I am the very model of a modern Major-General. **TL;DR** I'm good at everything except the only thing I should be good at, which is to be a good Major General.
That's because you're taught to vote for one party or another. What you should be doing instead is ignoring the party they represent and focus on their platform. What do they stand for? What is their background? Do they care about things that you care about? Also look at all levels: * don't just vote every 4 years * vote in midterm elections too * and your local government as well or at least the governor Each level of government matters here so if you find a candidate you support then vote for them and ignore party labels. If they're a person who isn't as well known then give them money and spread their message. I don't think Biden or Trump need our money - their campaigns have enough. Give money to your governor or even sheriff candidate you support. Your dollar goes a lot further in local elections and likely affects you more.
&gt; As bad as the Nazis were, Soviets were no better. Yeah, I'd have to disagree and say the Soviets were better than Nazi's.
* my initials are REA * REA? * that's right * does that, like, stand for something * yeah, my name
Hey you remember 9/11? The first kids born after that are in college now.
You always have my upvote :]
My guess is that they were focused on the Roci. Also, fuck the Tempest crew.
Fix up that Dune book, it doesn't deserve to be left like that
I didn't want any confusion between non-violent crime like using illegal drugs which is more focused on by police in poor areas. Since illegal drug usage is a good chunk of arrests in poor areas, I thought it was important.
It is by dice alone I set this game in motion.
Kindle is cheapest if you want to dive right in but I favor physical books so Amazon or even Ebay is your source.
Skip to 0:55 for the start. Also, [this is the best harmonica player that ever lived](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fcSuJi1b0OU). RIP Ryuichiro Senoo. See you, space cowboy
Considering we're under lockdown, physical books have been helping me to look at something other than the screen all day. I finished The Expanse books a while back and I'm reading through the Dune series. You should make sure those newspapers are protected from humidity and direct sunlight. Newspapers are a lot more fragile than books since they're not meant to last. I've been collecting antique books for years so it takes a while and you need to have a budget. Since you're a fellow reader, here's my most favorite antique book [1536 Dante's Divine Comedy](https://www.reddit.com/r/rarebooks/comments/7rjqg3/1536_dante_alighieris_divine_comedy).
I think most would say that a similar show would be Babylon 5. I also personally would recommend Space: Above and Beyond. Others recommended Battlestar Galactica and that's a good choice too.
The fall in religion today is mostly in the wealthy/educated countries but it's growing in poor countries. The global growth of religion today is parts of Africa and China. 200 years is not enough time for religion as a whole to go away and besides, I don't think religion will go away. I think if religion ever fades to the point of a problem, the religions will merge for survival. For instance, the Abrahamic religions will miraculously reconcile but go away entirely? I doubt that'll ever happen.
&gt; I never really liked those sort of statistics because, what exactly does "growing" mean to the believers? I mean this can get into a serious essay but the bottom line for most people is quantity over quality. So "growing" means increasing number of adherents. I also add the numbers in relation to the global population growth. For instance, if you're growing at 1% but the global population is growing at 3% then you're losing your global share of adherents. You're growing but you're going to be pushed out. &gt; But such statistics ignore the fact that religions are growing not because individuals find solace from their newfound faith, but because the state has enforced religious conversions or the market incentivized consumers with certain religious affiliation. If you're talking about actual belief then I doubt there's any more than a billion religious people. Maybe not even half that. After all, vast majority of religious people in history became religious not because they were extracted from religious influence until they reached the age of reason and then, through study and a personal journey, discovered some "truth". Instead, vast majority of religious people adopted the religion of their parents and/or peers/local culture. This is later justified by both ignoring all other religions and nitpicking the bits of your religion that you like and by the sunken cost fallacy you have thus far. For instance, people today looking at religions aren't going to seriously compare ancient Egyptian religion or some random ancestral worship of a random Asian country. They're going to more critically look at the popular modern religions which makes them stay within the Abrahamic worldview. Just look at the most religious developed country - the US. How many "Christians" are actual Christians as opposed to Sunday Christians. I.e. they might have the Bible but they've never read it cover to cover, they go to church every Sunday (maybe), they celebrate Easter and Christmas (mostly for the presents), and they rarely pray. More importantly, they rarely practice Christianity as far as helping the poor, etc. Are they Christians? Yep, based on the quantity as opposed to quality. As far as quality of religious people? There aren't too many of those around compared to the masses who truly practice their religions. Scifi doesn't often focus on religion, it focuses on scifi. Considering the educational element of scifi, it wouldn't naturally be pro-religion considering education - knowledge in general - runs contrary to religion. I.e. the statistics show that the more education/knowledge you have, the less religious you are on average. I bet this goes with its readers too. Meaning if you're not a religious person, you'd be less likely to find religious characters - particularly proselytizers - to be enjoyable. I didn't find Reverend Doctor Anna Volovodov to be an amazing character. She had her moments but I wasn't at all interested in her religious views and I felt they were unnecessary distractions. &gt; they tend to put forward the simplistic "poor people need religion" argument It's not that they "need" religion, it's that religion benefits the poor. If you lived a miserable experience with both your ancestors and descendants living the same miserable life, it's very enticing to believe that when you die, you get some sort of a reward. Otherwise if you firmly believed that this miserable experience is all you have then why not revolt? The worst outcome is that you'll still die but the best outcome is that you'll change your situation. Religion, when partnered with the state, helps to keep the poor and ignorant in line. This is particularly useful in the age of God kings where questioning the person who is subjugating you is heresy.
That's [Florence Owens Thompson](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Florence_Owens_Thompson) and believe it or not, she was 32 in this picture. She was a mother of seven kids at the time (she had 3 more later in her life) and lived until 1983.
&gt; By "atheism" I mean American libertarian scientific atheism that has been popular in the last few decades. I'm an atheist and maybe I missed a meeting but I have no idea what this it. Atheism is the lack of belief in any gods. There's nothing else in atheism. All the other attributes aren't related to atheism. I don't see how you can practice to be an atheist. I guess still not believe in any gods?
Just a quick explanation of why it's important to have these insane years as opposed to just say "he's 36, figure 100 year sentence would be life in prison". This fine fellow is charged with: * 70 counts of rape * that's 25 years per which is 1,750 years total * 40 counts of sodomy, * that's 25 years per which is another 1,000 years There is also 110 counts of criminal mistreatment and likely other charges but let's ignore that and focus on the rape (25 years min) and sodomy (sodomy of a child under 12 in this case which gets you 25 years, otherwise it would be only 8 years). So if you use the "give him 100 years in prison" but you have to break it down by the counts. Just for simpler math, say his 70 rape + 40 sodomy will just give him 110 years in prison. To start, you can't say that you're not allowed to appeal your case which he will. OK but let's say his lawyers argue some double jeopardy related scheme where if you sodomize a minor, that can't count as both rape and sodomy. Say the court agrees and throws out the 40 counts of sodomy. Poof now 40 years is removed from his sentence and he's up to 70 years. Then say his lawyers argue that it wasn't 70 counts of rape but 25. Now he's in prison for 25 years. Then they could say this he didn't have a criminal record (not sure, I didn't to look up this piece of shit) and say he was a model prisoner. So now he could get out in 15 years on parole instead of dying in prison. The insane amount of years is to ensure that even if his lawyers spend decades arguing various parts of his case and remove or reduce the charges, there's still enough time for him to die in prison no matter what he does.
&gt; Swiss Government Bonds at 3% Update: their 10-year bonds are currently negative, i.e. you'll lose money by having your money there. US is one of the few major countries to still have a [barely] positive rate. Germany has negative rates and the UK is almost negative (holding at 0.2%). Japan's rates have just recently come out of negative rates but very recently and it's almost zero. For comparison, US 10 year yields are 0.75% but they've fallen as low as 0.38% this year.
The US has a lot of lawyers and we've been either #1 or nearly #1 in the most lawyers per capita (at about one lawyer per 240 people). For comparison, we have about one doctor for 300 people.
Dammit, wrong meeting again!
More lawyers = more laws and more incentives for various ways to change the legal system which creates more absurdities like this. A reasonable country would have a reasonable law that if you're a serious piece of shit who will always harm others then you die in prison. In the US you can still get out of prison.
Yeah it's more like forced sodomy, i.e. rape. Consensual sodomy is now legal.
Because you're given a sentence and you can appeal that sentence and try to reduce it. To say that you can't appeal a sentence - since you wouldn't be able to appeal "life imprisonment" - is likely unconstitutional.
&gt; i'm **halfway through** Tiamat's Wrath Oh... damn... hey, when you get to the part... send me a note if you need to talk to someone.
It won't work since they all have royal immunity.
I'm not that patient and I read everything. I'm now miserable. Worth it though.
Ha, I discovered this series within the last year! I couldn't wait!!
Yeah it really takes the wind out of your sails.
This freakout is so old that Skrillex sampled it and put it in [First Of The Year (1:23)](https://youtu.be/2cXDgFwE13g?t=85).
Don't ever turn your back on the Sun or you'll burn your ass.
&gt; i'm glad you asked because a lot of these number can be confusing and perhaps even intentionally misleading by media They're confusing but they're using the same metrics for decades so there is no political slant in the different kind of numbers. The political slant is how good or bad the numbers are. The truth is that: * the overall numbers are bad * the weekly numbers are getting better while still being awful
This isn't complicated. If lower = better then: * 3 is good * 12 is a lot worse than 3 * 10 is better than 12 * 8 is better than 10 * 8 is still a lot worse than 3 * 8 is still worse than 3
I collect rare and antique books so I kind of went overboard. I have all the first edition, first prints of all the books and I have the signed/numbered Subterranean Press editions.
Please post in /r/RareBooks and you'll have an upvote from me :] I was going to post my Expanse collection here once all the books have been released.
Not sure if posted before but this was posted on /r/Videos by /u/firestartertot. [He was arrested.](https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-8434323/White-man-arrested-pointing-AR15-group-five-black-bikers-Virginia-subdivision.html) Credit to /u/Blakhats for the link.
"Please like and subscribe"
It happens but it's easier to make friends if you have hobbies you can do with others. She likes to travel. It also helps if you're outgoing and easy on the eyes.
Tough chapter for sure but it was for the best!
To be fair, the salaries are a lot higher there than in most places in the country.
Nowhere, which is why my previous comment said that, with luck, they've been killed by an airstrike.
Oh well he stole some books so he's a thief, book him. &gt; Mr. Priore would either remove entire books, or **cut out maps and plates of rare collectibles**, and then give them to Mr. Schulman, who sold them through his book shop or online Oh. Well. Fuck that guy!
It doesn't hold a candle to [Las Vegas](http://www.nbcnews.com/id/9870962/ns/business-real_estate/t/tiny-vegas-home-sits-center-housing-craze/#.Xu0RvmhKiUk).
[Affiliated with the Whip Whap Whop and Bingly Bongly Boo.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2dalyEpqSOI)
It's nice but it's not as nice as /u/Digiorno-Giovanna-'s carpet.
No problem but I just Googled it. I don't have the 1978 edition since I have the original pre-book magazines so I have his illustrations. [Here's a link of the full book.](https://archive.org/details/illustrateddune00fran) You'll need to create a free account though. I'm not sure why the others are missing but the reference I found only had those images.
Yeah though I wish people would give shows like Babylon 5 or Space: Above and Beyond a chance as opposed to the obvious blockbuster series that everyone knows and loves. Trying to spread the scifi love :]
To actually find the books, you can use https://www.vialibri.net to start since it searches everything. You should start with: * Picking out what theme you're going after. Unless you're independently wealthy, rare books are very expensive and you can go broke buying just rare books but not actually having a collection. * For instance, buying old books is silly if their shared attribute is "350+ years old". You should look into a theme like "European history" or "Illustrated childrens books", etc. Pick ONE theme and buy at least six books until you switch to another theme. * it makes sense for your other theme to be somehow related * I suggest you buy books you like and want to read as opposed to ones you think others might like * Have a budget and this must be a monthly budget. * open a PayPal Credit account which allows you to buy from *some* US sellers on Ebay with significant payoff incentives. PayPal Credit regularly has 0% APR for 6 months on all purchases $99+. Once a month for about a week, they also offer 0% for 12 months for purchases of over $300 and 0% for 24 months for purchases over $600. It'll allow you to buy an expensive book that's otherwise way over budget. Bonus tip: you can use PayPal credit to pay your US Federal taxes. * say your budget is $100/mo. You can now spend up to $100/mo on books but you don't have to. But let's say you're looking at a $600 book. You can still buy it... as long as you don't spend any money for the next six months. So that's how you can keep buying books on a semi-regular basis including some expensive books but without going over budget * keep track of all your purchases and include a grand total of what you spent. It adds up fast and you need to realize how much you spent on your hobby. * Here's a another good tip and this will also moderate your spending. Have a rule where if you buy a book, you can't buy another book until you've read it. * sometimes the need to buy books - but not necessarily reading them - could be a disorder called [Tsundoku](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tsundoku) which is related to [Bibliomania](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bibliomania) * if you're only buying books, you get enjoyment out of the purchase, opening the package, but you stop having any enjoyment from it after you put it on the shelf next to the other books that are gathering dust then you might be buying books for the wrong reasons and you might need to talk to someone * storing books should also be a good investment and I'd say it should be your first investment. Keeping $500 books in a $40 book case seems silly. * my home has 11 bookcases though my special collections are stored in two of these: https://www.homedepot.com/p/Concepts-In-Wood-84-in-Cherry-Wood-12-shelf-Standard-Bookcase-with-Adjustable-Shelves-MI4884-C/203120204. It's 7' high, 4' wide, and takes about an hour to assemble. It's also pretty heavy so don't hurt yourself. I highly recommend something like this because the shelves are adjustable and each shelf can handle 70 pounds of weight. You can also contact the company directly who can sell you more shelves since the height between shelves can be a bit much for the smaller books. It also helps to have replacements just in case something breaks over time. * also keep in mind that having a lot books will also put weight on the floor so even of the bookcase will hold up, the floor might not. * as far as location, make sure it's not near a window, particularly one that faces the sun and keep them out of the sun in general * changes in temperature and humidity are the other problems and I have a thermostat on the shelves that has indicators of both including a recent low/high which is recorded even if I'm not there * otherwise place the books straight (not leaning) and put the heavier books on their side. Dust them off if needed and keep your pets away from them (not just in case they lick them but also just pet dander and hair, etc) * for the older books, they might have a smell and you can look up various ways to help reduce the smell. I have a few crystals that I use for the more serious books but even regular fabric sheets help (put the book in a plastic bag, put a few dryer sheets there and zip it up for a week). You can also use a plastic tub and put baking soda there. It's important that the fabric sheets or any other agent reaches the spine so either shove the sheets right near the spine (where smells settle) or see if you can safely fan the book or keep parts of it exposed. * otherwise just handle them with clean hands (I usually wash before and after handling my books) or if you want to use gloves, don't use cotton gloves since they can snag on the pages and rip them but use nitrile gloves. Good luck!
I gotcha: * Darth Vader: 6'2 (though David Prowse is 6'6) * Gollum: 3.5-4' * Bane: 6'11 (though Tom Hardy is 5'9) * Voldermort: 5'2 (though Ralph Feinnes is 5'11) * Thanos is 8'3 in the MCU and 6'7 in the comics (though Josh Brolin is 5'10)
&gt; National anthem is sacred This is part of the problem. At what point is it more important to bow your head because random words are spoken or to protect stained cloth as opposed to standing up for what this country is supposed to be about? Principles should be more important than objects.
Beat me to it, have all the upvotes. This is just shocking change in a person.
Probably contractually obligated.
Dune fan here who isn't young. I've never heard of Zendaya. I've only heard of Timothee because of The King on Netflix (where he's good) but I've never heard of him before either. &gt; the two biggest young actors working in Hollywood right now Bigger than Millie Bobby Brown, Elle Fanning, or Tom Holland? I don't think so. &gt; As with Zendaya, she grew up with this generation through the Disney Channel and was one of their most famous Disney actors. Now you're just talking nonsense unless this is marketing speak. "One of their most famous" means exactly one thing: she's not the least famous. Otherwise there's a metric ton of more famous Disney actors. However, you're avoiding the big picture here. Warning: spoilers ahead. &gt;!Who are the big characters? Duke Leto? Nope, he'll be killed. Lady Jessica? Nope, she's not central to the plot. Chani? Nope. No, the key characters in this part of Dune is Paul as the protagonist and the Baron as the antagonist with supporting roles of Duke Leto and Lady Jessica. The main protagonist is a relative known.!&lt; But you know what? Why does that matter? Kyle Maclachlan and Alec Newman were relative unknowns at the time of filming and they turned out alright. I expect more of the same. It's hard to have a good movie be made up of an all-star cast so I'm fine with having the unknowns - that's not a criticism to me. If everyone is a star, you'll have competing interests for scenes and screen time. For instance, I fully expect Jason Momoa to do a good job, have 5 minutes of screen time, and die like a good soldier. That's use of talent. However if he's going to be stealing scenes then that'll make the movie worse. Same with Dave Bautista who should be in the movie for another 5 minutes and die in the [hopeful] sequel.
OK but does that translate to reality? Josh Brolin likely has a worse social media presence than Zendaya so by your logic, he's a lesser known movie star?
Here's the main one: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mahdi
To the Emperor, yes, but to the Bene Gesserit, probably not. There are completing interests here since the Bene Gesserit didn't care about the Corino bloodline since they wanted their Kwisatz Haderach which would come from the Harkonnen/Atreides bloodline, not Corino. Presumably, Alia would be born instead of Paul and be married off to Feyd, who would create the Kwisatz Haderach and take the throne, pushing Corino out.
Well some people just want to post pictures of their house and leave it alone but others want advice so I thought I'd ask. I didn't want to write an essay just to be ignored by the OP.
Thank you :]
Well, to get more specific, the US has freedom of religion as long as you're a Christian. If you're not then announcing your religion might get you some trouble. In addition, in some places it might depend on what kind of a Christian you are. I.e. we've had issues last century with Catholics (JFK) and Mormons come up from time to time.
Well, the thing about the Jews is that it depends on which one you ask. The Ultraorthodox are the major problem. I know a few Orthodox Jews (in the US) and they're so relatively mild that their synagogue has a rainbow flag in the front to support gay rights. In addition, many Jews in the US are more Jews by genetics or sense of identity as opposed to religious affiliation. This is as opposed to the Jews in Israel where a much larger proportion are more religious and more strict on the Torah. In the US, Christianity is a major voting block, the largest, and the groups splinter. The right wing has been courting these voters for decades and they splinter on the issue of abortion and trying to branch out into anti-gay sentiments while using the Old Testament as proof. Funny thing is that more Christians are now going into pro-environmentalism to be good stewards of the Earth which is more of a left-wing or at least Democratic platform than a Republican one. Combine that with higher acceptance of gays, the abortion argument is still the major holdout to keep religious Christians voting for Republicans. Problem is that Jesus said nothing about homosexuals or abortion. He actually said something against divorce in [Matthew 5:32](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Matthew+5%3A32&amp;version=ESV) but the divorce-having Christians tend to forget that and focus on the OT. Instead of focusing on the central message of Jesus - love and acceptance of others - they focus on the hate in the Old Testament.
&gt; Where are your sources? Their ass. Their source is their ass or the ass of some other idiot who shared that bullshit on Facebook.
&gt; There are 320000 US troop in Europe. [I'm seeing about 64k.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_military_deployments#Europe) There are about 170,000 total active-duty so where is 320,000 in Europe from?
No way, Putin has taken a huge hit on this and his handling of the oil crisis in the recent months. All recent polls show his support crashing down to 119%.
No worries :]
Chapterhouse: Dune looks like a first edition. Worth at least 20x that if true. Check the print year - is it 1985?
Were you also excited for a second?
Are those four first editions? The latter 3 looks like it but what about Dune Messiah?
Worst choices you've seen **so far**.
Reminds me of a joke... A pregnant woman falls into a deep coma. Some later she wakes up and asks the doctor about her baby. Doctor says, "Don't worry! You actually had twins, a boy and a girl and your brother named them for you." The woman exclaims, "Oh no, not my brother! He's an idiot! What did he name them?" Doctor replied, "Well, he named the girl Denise." Woman said, "That's not too bad. What about the boy?" Doctor hesitated a bit and then said, "Denephew."
It's the Book Club Edition.
&gt; The whole point was to keep the seat of government OUT of any particular state so as to remove conflicts of interest - and when the country was founded, we were a loose federation of independent states, so having the Capital in any one state would be showing that particular state undue favoritism. Did you know that Washington DC became the US Capital in 1790? Before that it was located in the state of Pennsylvania. So there's precedent with all the Founding Fathers being aware of it. &gt; if you're thinking 'Yeah but Rhode Island is small too' understand that DC is only about 70 square miles. Ahem, size doesn't matter. Population is the only thing that matters. Washington DC has a population of about 706k people. That's larger than Wyoming or Vermont who have Electoral votes and representation in Congress. In addition, there was a bit of a tiff early on about taxation without representation. I think it led to a war. Washington DC has that - it has taxation without representation.
Yep, right before.
I'd like to add that it's a long-established law that allows stores to have policies to discriminate against customers based on the stores own policies (as long as the discrimination doesn't include protected classes). For instance, a restaurant can require you to wear a particular style of clothing and everyone remembers "No Shirt, No Shoes, No Service". So if you come into a fancy restaurant in short shorts, tank top, and flip flops, they have the right to ask you to leave because it goes against their policies. If you don't then you're trespassing and they have the right to call the police to have you removed. There's also a little known law that allows them to keep you confined in the store until the police arrive if you've damaged their property. Putting it in another way, say the mask restrictions are lifted but a particular store requires you to wear a mask. You still have to wear a mask at that particular store to get service from that store.
Your comment ignored what I said or you wouldn't have written it. I said that McDonalds already spends more money to keep the coffee hot. Just quick math, what costs less * heating water from room temperature to 190 degrees * or 100 degrees Higher heat = more costs. So McDonalds is already charging a higher price for that hot coffee. If a chain cared about serving colder coffee, the market case would have already been made where customers would buy cheaper, colder coffee because it would already cost less to produce it. In addition, I'm sure lots of people burn the tips of their tongues or lips by tasting the coffee through a straw or by taking that initial sip so a spill-proof vessel wouldn't save you any.
&gt; A bright flash would blind you I think if someone did the math on this, there's a good chance that the speed of the flash, the damage, and your brain registering all of this so you're aware of it would take more time than it would take to just vaporize you. So you're basically just not there anymore without ever feeling anything. It's the best way to die because you're just not there anymore and your brain never registered anything happening.
They're definitely worth the watch. Not sure where you can find them - I bought a copy a while back - but both Dune and Children of Dune (which also includes Dune Messiah) are worthwhile.
That's exactly right. The way we treat the poor in this country - which includes the elderly and the handicapped - is atrocious. On the flip side, the poor don't vote in greater numbers so the politicians can ignore them. Part of that is also designed by having few polling stations and no national voting holiday where the poor can't take time off to vote and might not have the resources to get to a voting booth.
Alright hear me out here... I would love for her to have a streaming live debate with [Vic Dibitetto](https://youtu.be/GLcNStHTDjM?t=10). Who is with me?
&gt; the patrolman acted as he was trained OK but say you're trained to do something awful, should you still - as a fully functioning adult - not see that you have the ability to tweak your training and to answer a simple question? He's not a mindless blithering idiot right? He could have answered the question, particularly when the situation escalated. The only response - other than him being an idiot - is that he had nothing on the guy and he wanted to start some shit. &gt; Like it or not, you have to do it their way to remain within the law. I'd like to see citation for these laws where you immediately forfeit your rights, that you're stopped by an armed stranger without identification or purpose. Wasn't the 4th Amendment that said something about it? &gt; I know on the face of it it seems like the patrolman escalated the situation but the driver actually did the escalation. This is why you're going to get downvoted. The driver didn't raise their voice or resort to violence. The police officer did and for no reason other than "do what I said". Not even the military in the face of a terrorist on a battlefield are going to be mindless drones following a protocol. Sometimes you act like a human being and talk to people. Presuming you don't see someone else as an enemy, you should be able to talk to them as opposed to ignoring everything, demanding something, and then assaulting them when they don't obey your demand. That's not law enforcement. &gt; I may have told the driver what I stopped him for to de-escalate the situation before it got rolling This is exactly what I asked for and I don't understand why this isn't a reasonable request. The generic stop is "Do you know why I pulled you over?" followed by an explanation of why the driver was pulled over. &gt; Some sort of flexibility should be available to officers but is currently not. Do you have a link showing that they have no free will, they are required to never explain why they pulled someone over, etc?
&gt; I typed a long reply and thought I posted, apparently not. Yeah reddit does this. That's why for all my long replies, I do it in Notepad and then copy/paste. &gt; I would like to thank for disagreeing with me in a polite way. I got a bit of hate lately myself so yelling at you isn't going to solve anything. If it helps, I gave you an upvote. &gt; I can tell you that suggestions of new ways of doing things isn’t received well in academy. You would be in serious trouble and dismissed. I'm not a police officer so I don't know how it works but you're always taught one thing and real world teaches you new lessons. I mean look at the various videos of police officers doing all the crappy things they've been doing - that's not academy work. So somewhere along the line, police officers deviated from their instructions and it depends on the circumstances. However, I'm a bit skeptical that the academy teaches officers to not answer why they pulled someone over. Just speaking from a human-to-human interaction, what reasoning would you say someone would have to not answer that question? My meaning is that the officer was not legally prevented from answering the question. They would not be breaking any procedures, would they? If so, what is the reasoning behind the "never answer why you pull someone over" if that's the case? &gt; something like “he didn’t have a reason to pull the guy over”. I’ll have to admit that I had to watch the vid a couple of times to find the reason myself. Mind you, it's quite possible that the officer did in fact have a valid reason to pull him over. It's not in the video. Let's give the officer the benefit of the doubt and say that they had a reason. Why not state it instead of asking for the ID/insurance and escalating it all the way to physical harm and explicit threat to use additional force? &gt; the driver that got pulled over openly admits that he is a diagnostic mechanic and “opened up the throat” of the truck; aka speeding. I think this was the reason for the stop. And a normal person in this position would say "Yep, you were caught speeding and that's why I pulled you over". If the guy was debating with the officer **then** and not giving them the ID/insurance then I would have taken the officer's side of things. However, he asked a simple question and never got an answer. He wasn't hostile and he wasn't even rude. As a fellow human, he deserved an answer to a reasonable question. &gt; Atrocities abound at every level... especially in the military. Every side. Sure but, to be fair, soldiers are prosecuted for their crimes and that's a warzone where vast majority of people nearby are out to kill you with weapons. This is as opposed to patrolling a random sleepy road in the middle of Mississippi. &gt; Lastly I would like to say that I think police training needs to evolve. We can do better. I would also like for common people to be taught what the police protocol is. I think this would go a long way insofar as what is considered: illegal/ threatening/ actionable. What’s gonna happen if I ____?. I totally agree. I also think that police should see themselves as being part of the community as opposed to being part of "the force". There should be no thin blue line. Police are part of the population and we're not the enemy.
&gt; It was about $50 when it came out. I hope you realize that this does not matter. Lots of highly collectible books came out for &lt; $5 and still sell for thousands.
