Sushi part is a joke, but all those ingredients are definitely eaten with vodka. You just put them on top of one another like a normal sandwich.
Main issue is probably reliability, Tesla suffers from very serious issues, it's the least reliable out of all mass-produced EVs. Another problem is that it's all closed-source, you can't fix it yourself, you can't bring it to any garage, it can only be repaired at a Tesla dealership, and we don't have many of those in Europe. Lots of parts are constantly backordered and you might have to wait weeks or months to get what you need. VW or Nissan dealerships are in every bigger city, most cities have multiple of them, and simple maintenance items like the brakes can be done anywhere, you don't have to drive 300km to a dealership.
Welcome to Philippines.
&gt; But that comes from practice, not automatically from going blind. Sure, but you'll practice anyway because what else can you do.
Well, they built a tool for them, so clearly it must've been used by someone blind, or very nearly blind. Measuring complicated parts with many surfaces might be too tricky, but something like just checking the diameter of straight rods could easily be done by a blind person.
Thank you, this really helps.
I have to do a pedal dance to turn the VSC off completely. The button turns it off only if I stay below 35 km/h (20 MPH), so very slow donuts basically.
People forget stuff very quickly. This will be forgotten by the end of the year.
Not necessarily. They understand that cigarettes are going out, but they don't want to go bankrupt so they'll invest in what's popular to stay in business. Philip Morris International (massive ciggy manufacturer) is making those Iqos thingies, they heat the tobacco instead of burning it, so it's somewhat better and it's quite popular. This company already had the whole distribution network, so now you can buy those special capsules for this device anywhere where you can buy ciggies, people don't have to go to special stores or look for stuff online.
Coworker got one just like that, but the Sender was his own email address (spoofed). The blackmailer said that this is proof of him hacking the email account.
Mine completely ignores mirrors, TV screens and loudspeakers. She'll sit and even nap in front of a speaker that's blasting loud music. O. The other hand, sister's dog is fascinated by screens. It can just sit in front of one and watch for hours.
Thank you, that's the sound! In that other video they were kind of chirping.
In my local comedy club the public will just start clapping slowly if the performance is really bad. Every act gets at least a couple minutes to show what they've got, but if it's one shitty joke after another, then they get clapped off the stage.
My father once clicked on that "You're the millionth visitor" pop-up some time in the late nineties. Got a brand new Siemens mobile phone in post a couple weeks later.
You can use any other charger.
I bet your name is Debbie.
That's a fucked up system.
Something similar happened last year in China, woman got minced.
Batteries make fire when damaged, therefore no power banks and similar large stuff in checked luggage. &gt;Then the airlines require you to remove the batteries from it, entirely defeating its purpose. The purpose of most of those is to carry you around the airport, they're basically electric scooters.
Kefir is not supposed to be fizzy and it's definitely not supposed to be alcoholic. It's just sour and creamy.
It's a mix. I learned British English in school (all twelve years, plus two years in kindergarten before that) but then it's all American English in the movie theaters, most computer games, etc. Personally I prefer the British English.
I don't talk much to them so I genuinely don't know/notice. Don't really care either. In terms of close friends, I do notice that they have favorite pants or a sweatshirt or something, they will wear it several days in a row. However, I still don't care. Keep wearing it as long as it doesn't smell or something.
Just like they did it with ISS, they launched it three years before decommissioning the Russian Mir space station.
$119. https://www.giztop.com/honor-flypods.html
Most sob stories on Reddit are bullshit.
The empty weight is actually closer to 80 kg and the engines would be easily a metre away from your face! https://i.imgur.com/wDJsoco.jpg The piston powered versions are significantly faster than the electric one, with cruising speed of 185 km/h and range of 500km.
Not plural, singular. Just one trained falcon is enough, you release it every now and then to scare the beta birds away and the airport will be clear.
I still don't get it. You have to be horizontal to swim.
You can just buy a frozen pizza and put it in the oven whenever you want one...
Directional antennas are a thing, point one directly at the drone and it won't affect people around you.
Poor sods living there will be ecstatic if Heathrow buys their houses. I can't imagine who else would pay money to live there.
"Hey Airazz, you know a bit about computers, right?" "I can neither confirm nor deny it..." "My TV stopped showing some channels, could you come over when you have a minute?"
No really, it's not that hard. It prevents moobs.
People who drive a lot won't buy affordable EVs because they drive a lot and range/charging is an issue with cheaper EVs. As far as I know, there are no basic EVs with good range. You either buy an econobox with 150km range, or a luxury car with lots of bells and whistles for 50k. &gt;€12k gets you a reasonable milage Ampera. Mileage is irrelevant. Eastern Europeans are all over the place buying and selling used cars, and they all know how to roll back the odometer.
Oh fuck, it is! I must've had my beer goggles on.
I went to the self-checkout, started scanning my items and then saw a phone someone left by the till. "Oh cool", I thought, "A free phone". It was a Blackberry back when they were still great. I scanned all my items, then picked up the phone and saw that the back of it was covered in plastic shiny "gem" thingies, glued onto the back. Clearly a little girl's phone, so I grabbed my items and the phone, walked to the security guy who was standing nearby and handed him the phone. Then I walked out. 10 minutes later I realized that I didn't pay for my items. I never returned to that store again, but luckily it was the end of school year, I graduated a few weeks later and moved away.
That's definitely false, Maps accounts for the traffic on the route. You can't go 60 or faster if everyone's driving at 40 due to bad weather or something, for example. It accounts for traffic jams too.
Yup, 10 years after finishing school I can still remember the last names of many teachers but I couldn't recall even a single first name.
I got to fly on 6 different planes in two weeks, that 777 was the only one with proper and responsive system. All others were various versions of Airbus and the screens sucked in all of them.
I'm 6'2" and it's fine, still plenty of space. I don't know how it would be on a long trip, I only drive it short distances maybe every other week, but for that it's perfectly fine. It's great in a crowded city.
Yep, same issue.
Yes, it happens fairly often in Russia and other countries where backyard mechanics install those systems with no pressure tests or anything.
I went there and decided to visit all four corners without any maps or anything, just going by intuition. I checked a map beforehand to get a general idea of where I need to go and then I just went. It was amazing. They have at least three football fields in Venice. A city where a tiny little one-bedroom apartment can cost a million euros, they have tree grass fields. Lots of little bridges leading nowhere, just straight into a brick wall or a gate so rusty that it will never open again. I stumbled upon a few photoshoots, it was a few days before the Carnival, that was cool. I also found several massive warehouses full of old desks and chairs. Oh, and there's an active military base, it's that square port on the east end. No entry for tourists, unfortunately.
Just you wait until it's not cold enough in winter to kill insects, and they *all* survive the winter. Summer won't feel nice anymore. Trust me, I know.
Soviet relics are a very serious issue in all ex-Soviet countries, they're the main reason for corruption, under the table deals, etc.
He's like a prettier Michael Cera.
I don't get it either.
Would you prefer a similarly sized spider?
Belarus is 40 km away, Poland is 170 km and Latvia is 200km from my location.
Is this really a good question for this new sub? The bed is certainly not unique to this printer...
You either spread or you pick a different seat.
The emergency lights would probably have to be removed. Rear turn indicators are probably red on this one, so those would also have to be replaced to be road legal. Paintjob is not an issue.
It's probably around 3.
Right back at ya.
Ah, you're right. My french skills are a bit rusty.
https://i.imgur.com/89tgjvU.jpg
It's an old Russian truck, looks like Kamaz. Stopping distances are measured in minutes even if it's empty.
I'm sorry, I don't know. Neither English nor French is my first language, so this looked confusing. [This](https://i.imgur.com/2omyNso.jpg) is a menu I got on my last flight, only the main course has two options. Everything else is served whether you want it or not.
I don't hate it, I just won't use it because Google is discontinuing it next year.
&gt;Duo isn't going anywhere. Google has a fairly shitty track record when it comes to social media and communication applications.
Fucking hell, you guys have a seriously broken education system. In my country the first degree is free to most people, but I wanted to study abroad so I took out a £10k loan to study in the UK. They don't ask me to pay it back, they just ask how much I'm making. I don't have to pay anything if I'm not making more than the national average wage.
Remind me not to get sick if I ever go to the US.
They can keep track but it's not super accurate so it won't work for longer distances or greater height.
I don't remember which book it was but it estimated that it would take approximately 200 years for all signs of humanity to disappear if all humans just disappeared. Buildings and ships and cities would just turn to dust, consumed by bacteria and plants. Only radioactive nuclear plants would remain, basically.
Tipping in Europe is just that, it's a tip if you think that the service was exceptional. It's okay to leave no tip at all, servers are still getting paid at least a minimum wage, unlike in the US.
Yeah, but it was legal *in the US*, not in UK or EU.
I use Viber, it's popular among my friends so it does the job quite well.
I don't argue much about inches/metres anymore, since I found out that inches are defined by the metric system. They're just doing one additional unit conversion. When the definition of a metre/kilogram/litre changes, so does the definition of inch/ounce/gallon.
Rear turn indicators must be amber on all vehicles manufactured after 1965.
Let's just be happy that it's a step in the right direction.
Looks like a Soviet apartment.
There's this huge and popular ridesharing company in my city, similar to Uber. They use exclusively Priuses. I swear to all that is holy, there's not a day when they don't crash into something. I think it's mostly because they hire anyone, no matter what's your driving experience or anything.
The main difference is the engine, it's 1.4L turbo.
But you just said that it's limited to 45, which is also what their official website says.
Russian vodka is mostly from potatoes too.
10 Anniversary Edition is already pretty well specced, the only place for some mods is the suspension.
You sound overly angry about this.
No, it really is scaled improperly. The head is way too tall. [Here is a standard figure.](https://i.imgur.com/ASZ2PbF.jpg) As you can see, on the original the arms are a bit shorter, elbow angle is a bit higher and legs are a lot thicker too.
Just an FYI, you can't submit both a link and text, it's one or the other.
Tesla's assembly quality is quite poor and the interior is a bit too minimalistic. Porsche is a good option for those who want proper luxury.
The character in video clips is an idiot. He himself is alright.
Downvotes are probably because it's a different doll. They were made in pairs, boy doll and girl doll, the person who wrote it is just fishing for karma.
Don't buy the packaging if it's too expensive.
Money laundering? Drug deals? I remember seeing insanely priced simple items (pencils and such) on ebay, apparently they were secret ads for human trafficking.
&gt; because they're exceptional quality Kind of, but mostly it's advertising.
It's like that in many small stores around the world. The (western) booze in Thailand is quite expensive, though.
I went to a [fancy rooftop bar](https://i.imgur.com/P5pchEY.jpg) last week. We walk through the door on the ground floor, staff greets us and a few other people and leads us to the elevator. It has an operator inside who presses the right button to go to the rooftop. Everything is super-fancy, men in suits, ladies in evening dresses, the building is all glass and marble. We get in the elevator and this older British lady probably didn't notice that there was an operator, so she pressed what she thought was the right button, but it wasn't. The operator tried to cancel it and talked on his radio but that's simply not a feature on that elevator, you can't cancel a button that's been pressed. The door opened and it's a technical floor, looked like a laundry room or something. Ceiling's barely 6 feet high, walls unpainted, dim light and a bunch of staff pushing carts with laundry around. Poor operator apologized so much, tried to laugh it off saying that we weren't supposed to see that.
&gt; but the existing fleet takes forever to turn over The average age of passenger cars in Norway is 10 years, so I think you can expect 90+% replacement within 20 years.
Sky Bar at Lebua Tower, Bangkok.
For example, Aurelia aurita. There were thousands, possibly millions of them on the beach where I went on vacation a few years ago. There were lots of bits of them floating around too, speedboats would chop them up with their engines.
It's always a gamble with cars as old as that. A couple years ago I bought a 1989 Mercedes W124 260E (straight 6 engine) for 700 euros. Replaced the tires and one wheel bearing and then drove it happily for over a year. Oh, it wouldn't start when I bought it. Like, it would start but only after 40th attempt or something silly like that, hence the price. Turns out that the cold start valve relay was bad. I re-soldered all the connections (didn't replace anything, just poked at each connection) and it started right away. Nice car, that suspension was insanely smooth. Way smoother than any other car I ever drove. The body was in a pretty bad shape but the underside was clean, all electronics worked perfectly including the adjustable air cushions in the seat.
Yes, the wall under the drive-thru window.
Let's say you got a bunch of cash from selling drugs or something. You'd like to buy a new car or put a down payment on a house. IRS will probably ask you where you got all that cash from, especially if you don't have a real job. Sell this drawing to an anonymous buyer and say "Here, I made one art and sold it." People with constant supply of illegal cash set up stores, usually selling overpriced crap like jewelry or fur coats or something. Now they can claim that all this cash came from selling a bunch of stuff.
There were many bad decisions in the past few years all around the world. Trump is still at the top, though.
[Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S0qjK3TWZE8) is a nice case of bluff from another show, amusing.
I was a passenger on a flight from a certain Caucasian country to the EU. It looked like a lot of them were flying for the first time. It was maybe not so much entitled behavior as it was ignorance. Throughout the flight they kept walking around while the seatbelt signs were on. A few kept filming their friends with handheld camcorders, which is not allowed and flight attendants asked them many times to put those down. A few guys buckled up before landing when the attendants asked them to, then unbuckled instantly as the attendants walked away. I saw multiple people trying to call or access the internet mid-flight, on a flight with no wifi. One guy lit up a cigarette walking down the stairs from the aircraft after we landed.
Rear fog lights are mandatory in Europe. I bought a car imported from the US a few years ago, had to add a fog light to pass the tech inspection.
[Adorable.](https://i.imgur.com/MWIFsbe.png)
You know the SUV driver is an idiot if your shoes have more grip than their tires.
But it's so uncomfortable to hold. Like, you'll always be touching the screen and then things get pressed and it's so impractical.
Kažkas kažkur įkėlė video tos panos, kur bbz kodėl populiari yra. Papus gali pasižiūrėt.
Apparently the social security system in the UK is better. Another popular destination for them is Sweden, but they have to cross so many other safe and decent countries to get there...
Because otherwise they'll shut off the gas and oil supply. Belarus heavily relies on oil import from Russia.
It's a great way to burn the clear coat off that fancy body kit.
What's it for?
Uh, no need to rub it in our faces...
Water after a night of partying. It's the juice of gods.
Oh, ok. But why?
What a shitty karma farmer.
In profits we trust.
Where are my claws, Summer?
You could've just posted dead_dove.jpg.
And some worm e-hugs too :)
To be fair, pope Francis has really [toned it down.](https://i.imgur.com/K8ohDiS.jpg)
&gt; Deaf and blind people need jobs too, And you're okay with risking your life just to give someone a job? Hearing and depth perception are absolutely essential if you want to do it safely. Try *walking* with one eye covered, you'll bump into things. Now try doing it at 60 mph. &gt;Driving people around isn't the same thing as commercial driving Huh? Driving for a living is not the same as commercial driving? &gt;Taxi driving and commercial driving are entirely different here. In what ways? Both are driving for money.
This was already posted here yesterday. It could easily be a real photo, people are often x-rayed with their clothes on after accidents, car crashes and such.
Yes, charge it as a single-cell LiPo, I've been doing that for years.
A delivery truck once arrived after our warehouse guys have already left, so I had to unload three metric tons of aluminum bricks all by myself. Maybe not the most metal, but it was quite a lot.
&gt; It’s the same thing as saying 1/2 is larger than 20/50. No, it's more like saying that half of all my apples were rotten and 50% were not rotten. Sure, it's technically different units, but it's not like you have to do any calculations to convert them. It's not like lbs and kg, or feet and yards or some nonsense.
Lots of their projects were released as complete, functional products, not alpha-stage tests or anything. And then they were discontinued.
Me too, but I see [this.](https://i.imgur.com/e9jXKsc.png)
I hate it when someone steals my praha.
It is pretty awesome. Break the kid's legs to teach them how to walk on their hands. Keep doing this and you'll end up with a world-class circus freak before they graduate high school.
Go prosper somewhere else.
Those are still quite expensive.
Mighty Car Mods did an interesting episode about cars and relevant laws in Singapore, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Qc0zXBYKUs.
No, the steering wheel is normal, just like on a motorcycle. You turn right and the front wheel turns right.
Is this a thing among schools? My university's library looks [like this.](https://i.imgur.com/Vfqu7Qu.jpg)
It's trusted, but your smartphone is still not certified, and the app which shows the speed is most definitely not certified.
Britchun.
The only lemon you can eat is the one which comes with your tequila shot. Anything else is weird.
Lol no, it's just plastic surgery. Lauren has a ton of botox in her face.
Their coils went to shit. I don't know what they changed but now every other one starts leaking like crazy after a day of use.
r/firstworldanarchists
And nothing else, because you don't care *that* much!
[Very interesting.](https://i.imgur.com/dBjIpfu.jpg)
That's a very nice playground. And nice skills too, drifting such a short car is tricky.
Take the cheapest offer but make sure that your requirements are extremely detailed and there's absolutely no room for interpretation. Ask for a refund if they fuck up.
"Let's go, I'll show you."
Yes, those are fucked up places.
I don't know what it implies but Tbilisi is a very interesting city. In general Georgia is a beautiful country and the people are very nice. Visiting is highly recommended.
Just your average 25 year old chav.
And then one day you'll check out Japanese engineering. They just don't break down, so the repair prices don't matter.
&gt;This thing is extremely inefficient. That's why it's not coming to the US, where you guys drive 200 miles to work one-way, while hauling ten tons of manure, a full house and a 50 foot ladder, or whatever. This car is designed specifically for crowded cities, not cross-continent trips. An average European city dweller drives just over 30 km (around 20 miles) per day, so that battery pack will be sufficient for a week of driving.
That's what Uber is doing now. A standard taxi in my city will always charge you the same amount if you're going the same distance. There are day/night tarrifs, but that's it. Meanwhile, uber will happily turn a 6 euro journey into 30 eur because there's high demand.
So they're basically getting rid of old batteries for free, without having to spend money to recycle them properly?
This is tempered glass. Laminated glass would stay in a single piece even after shattering. This one broke into many pieces.
Go be an incel somewhere else.
Lenght restriction is absolutely the biggest issue. Length is very limited. Speed is the same as in the US, usually limited to 90 km/h (55 mph or so).
Taxi drivers?
Yet it's through the roof compared to any other developed country in the world.
Pass you a towel, spray some aftershave or whatever, then ask for a tip.
A country flag is probably the most commonly used, and it's easy to understand. I'm visiting Germany right now and that's what they use on parking machines, ATM's and such.
They have their own ridesharing company too, Yandex.taxi.
No, they all would've been killed or worked to death anyway. She saved them a few weeks of suffering and dealing with maggots.
...who?
&gt; I’d love to see everyone move to metric, but the reason many countries haven’t, is that imperial is built on human scale. And last I checked, we are all human. Isn't it literally just the US that uses fahrenheit? Even the UK is on celsius now, so not exactly "many".
But aren't they still using calf blood to "feed" that lab meat to make it grow? So you still need cows and it's not vegetarian.
It says John Wick. OP posted another one with Venom, text in the corner says "Venom".
There are plenty of systems in many cars which have two-way communication, so you can't trick them easily, or at all. For example, tire pressure monitoring system can't be disabled or tricked in my car, you must buy new sensors when the batteries in old ones die, and they're like $150 each.
Saw this yesterday, on a three lane highway. Third lane moves to the left and first two lanes move to the right, forming a nice corridor.
Often the shoulder is too narrow for emergency vehicles.
There are lots of info screens above the road, they warn you about accidents ahead, also weather, speed limits, road work, etc.
I'll just keep my current car.
It's a joint project. The engine was created by bmw, but stress-tested and improved by Toyota, because bmw's aren't up to Japanese standards when in comes to reliability.
I'm pretty sure that you're expected to just push your car to the closest exit. They have emergency phones every 2km along the autobahns, so you can call for help if pushing isn't an option. I think they'll even town you for free to the closest exit. It's done for free to make sure that even people with not a lot of money could get their cars out of the danger zone quickly. In Austria they have these pockets called [pannenplatz](https://i.imgur.com/IO7JzeK.jpg) along all highways, it's like a widened shoulder with an emergency phone.
Mine's a Lexus. I took it to a tire shop near me, they're expensive but they have very good reputation. They spent three days trying to program aftermarket (cheaper) sensors to work with my car, with no luck. Eventually I just bought OEM ones.
I've heard that this is a simple way for drug and human traffickers to legitimize their money.
I have a huge lawn but no house on it, so it's a bit early to start mowing it. I can't wait, though. I've looked at so many mowers, a cup holder is essential, for a cold beer, but then I thought about it and figured that I could make a better cup holder, with insulation and everything, to keep my beer cool. It's the one case where you can drink driving.
Haven't heard that in literally years and I instantly recognised him. Ahh, nostalgia.
Some subs are satirical, others are not. You mixed them up.
OP couldn't afford it, though.
Shooting fifty brown people is now called "trolling"?
Why is it the worst? I personally really liked it, camera was great, it's a pity that it died.
Those confused me, old ugly "stylish" buildings with no windows in the middle of nowhere. I assume they're for the Austrians, not the Czechs themselves?
Road signs look cartoonish south from our border. Like comic sans or some bullshit, with smooth twists in arrows and stuff. Road surfaces change quite a lot too. Oh, and petrol stations too. Czech Republic doesn't have any of the usual names seen in surrounding countries, no Orlen, Circle K, etc., which made things tricky when deciding where to stop and which one is good.
[Old Russian design.](https://i.imgur.com/8qD1EH4.gifv)
Coworker waltzed in one morning with .4, we have a couple pro-grade breathalyzers for that. I bought a breathalyzer too, for personal use. Turns out that .12 is about the limit for me, when I don't want anything anymore, only to go to sleep. I have no idea how those people are reaching such levels, any normal person would pass out way before then.
Yes, and dude got to work using public transport, three different buses to get there from the other side of the city. He lost his driving licence a couple years earlier for drunk driving. It was baffling.
Nah, sorry mate, can't ban *that place* because they haven't done anything bad.
10/5/2012, 12:12:49 AM.
&gt; something in that manner. Literally never heard anyone ever say "Kobe", ever. "Three points" is a standard thing to say, but not "Kobe".
Oil change, new windscreen wipers, quality washing fluid, maybe add an air freshener inside if you're feeling naughty.
Nes klaidingas.
Do smokers actually think that it's okay? Every smoker I've met (and I've smoked myself for many years) wish they could quit, but they can't and then they can't be bothered either. Everyone knows that it's bad for you, they just don't care.
Sure, but Turkey isn't an European country, so it's not an European language.
Germans aren't all that good with English, as far as I noticed. Also, their accent sucks. Czechs are really good, though.
Make sure that May can't fly at night. And don't mention it until the sunset.
Modern reclining seats are very well engineered. Basically, the screen moves closer to you, but you don't lose any legroom (knee room?) and the tray stays in place.
&gt; That's just completely untrue. It is true, looks like you flew with an old and shitty airplane.
Sure, just calmly ask him if everything's okay while he's ramming vehicles left and right at high speed. No rush, take your time.
Did she really call you an idiot? *Did she really?* Somehow I doubt it. Also, the policy isn't entirely about the money, it's about making sure that everyone can pay just for the services that they use. Why would I have to pay for suitcases if I'm not bringing any, you know? And then the overhead bins have weight and size limits, that's why you can't bring your gigantic 2-week-vacation suitcase on-board. Yes, Ryanair will charge you for every separate little thing, but other airlines just charge you for everything imaginable at once, whether you need it or not. For example, I don't need a meal on a 2-hour flight, but sometimes it's included in the Economy class ticket and you can't opt out, so you are paying for it whether you like it or not.
*Sternly* ask him if everything's okay, while he's flooring it at that car over there?
MicrosoftNews is owned by Microsoft? I HAD NO IDEA.
That guy comments everywhere, always mentions that he's a Harvard graduate. Obvious troll.
That's a shit racetrack.
I'm in manufacturing too, but we're not quite big enough for a dedicated medical centre, so I can put on a bandaid by myself. We don't have full first aid kits like OP, though. Here it's just bandaids, bandages and some liquid in bottles with nozzles, so you can squirt it in your eyes if you get coolant or oil or something like that in there.
That's no longer "weird kid", that's mentally disabled.
Tried it last week, it was meh. It's the default beer, not special in any way. Not bad, but not special either. There are way better ones in Czech Republic.
Also social approval of people who don't want to drink a lot. In some countries refusing a drink is seen as a very rude thing.
Nah, beer or shots cost money, why would you spend it on a dog?
You can use euros in many bars but make sure to ask about it first. The official exchange rate is 25 crowns per euro and several bars said that their rate is 24, so you're not losing much. Not all of them accept bank cards, but most do, so that's also a good option. Also, Czech Republic isn't getting the euro next year. They are economically ready to introduce it but the public doesn't want it, so there's no set date at all.
This is standard and common. They hose down the streets and pavement at 5am or so.
These ones aren't mine, people just let their well-behaved dogs walk around freely. I asked the owners if it's okay to give them a little bit of pork.
Nah.
&gt; AC can't be installed if the building is older than the invention of ACs and that is plainly wrong. It's *kind of* true, but not directly. Modern AC was invented in 1902. If a building is over a hundred years old like that, then it's likely to be a protected historical building, where you can't make any modifications visible from the outside at all, you need permits even to change the window frames, it's insane. Drilling holes for an AC would be a massive no-no, at least in my city. There are hotels and restaurants in the Old Town of my city, they have AC. They get around all those restrictions by installing the radiators in inner courtyards or in an open attic or something like that, where it's not visible from the street. It's still insanely complicated, very expensive, you need architects, historians and various other people to prepare the project because you can't just go drilling through those ancient frescoes and stuff, and it's preferable to own the whole building, so at least you don't have to deal with neighbours.
I've been told by my racing friends that the padding is just to prevent scratches on your helmet, it won't do anything if you're rear-ended on the streets. There are really just two options: either wear a helmet all the time or get rid of the roll bar.
They borrowed their search engine from Reddit.
You guys know that silver doesn't do anything, right?
I don't know :(
I've done that a few times at McDrive, when drunk.
500k when they were new, or 500k for what it is now? I'm a bit confused by all those loose ones, that can't be good for the cutting edges.
This is a mirror sub of /r/AwesomeCarMods.
This is basically verbatim what those racing guys said. I had a good long thought about what's more likely, me getting rear ended or me rolling a Miata, and I have to agree, a roll bar may look cool, but it's really dangerous. Even a fender bender could turn me into a cucumber.
I think it slightly resembles [Eagle's Nest,](https://i.imgur.com/HuLp2CI.jpg) which was Hitler's summer retreat.
Most of the stuff in Mad Max.
It's a very very old joke. If someone doesn't get it and genuinely complains, then you wouldn't want that person as a customer anyway. One bar near me has a sign that says "Free beer" and in very fine print "(Tomorrow only)" under it.
How is this legal? A pedestrian would be sliced and chopped if they got hit by this abomination.
Just like in any other car. It's not like your standard sedan has tons of crumple zones on the sides, for when you get t-boned.
Nothing to do with islam, they use water instead of a thin and dry piece of paper, same as half of the planet. Ever heard of bidet?
Looks like Moskvich 412.
I haven't really been to Italy or Spain (only Venice and Tenerife, haven't noticed many bidets), but I've lived in more than a few countries in Europe and bidets, while not non-existent, were indeed very rare, especially in the eastern half of the continent. Austrian toilets are really weird, they have [shit inspection shelf](https://i.imgur.com/GohfKbj.jpg) or something. This design was very common in the soviet union but for some reason Austrians are still using it.
And they get free ones when they buy a pickup truck in Alabama.
I'm with you, I just don't see the beauty of this, or the purpose.
In the UK bicycles are called pushbikes. That confused me. Like, what are you pushing? Shouldn't you be using pedals to move?
It was in Coventry.
Janek (the Honest Guide) said that you guys don't really like it, so I assumed that it's true because everything else he said about Prague turned out to be 100% true.
You guys have some exceptional regional beers, I was very pleasantly surprised by Berchtesgaden Jubiläumsbier.
&gt; Is personal enjoyment not a good enough purpose? Dunno, I guess I just don't get the enjoyment part. Like, it rides worse than stock, it gets stuck on things, it handles worse than stock... Why even buy a pickup truck if you can't/won't haul anything?
Nope, never. Most people don't know anything about Lithuania, so they can't really say anything bad about me.
McD's have been moving away from bright colours and clowns for quite a while now. Dark green is the standard now, no more yellow and red, so I guess clowns don't really fit into their new branding or something?
Lol, american units are fucked up. The area on fire is 5 million hectares. Hectare is equal to 100 ares, or a square of 100x100 metres, or 10 000 square metres. That would put it at ~100 animals per hectare which is indeed quite a lot, but they're counting all mammals, birds and reptiles, so I don't know, it may be possible.
Ya, wrong sub.
To be fair, that is a really idiotic rule.
They genuinely think that their music is awesome and they're doing a huge favor to the world by letting everyone listen to it. There's no shame to be found, only pride for their generous and selfless act.
You'd spend €100 to buy some standard supermarket cheese for a new neighbour? And then you'd specifically buy small cheese in a big box because it makes you look richer?
That's how it should be. In mine it's mandatory only for men.
Long distance trains are still way more efficient than any truck, and they're a lot easier to automate because they don't have to share the road with random drivers. I don't think they're going out any time soon, or even after Level 5 is adopted.
I can crack some of my knuckles repeatedly. The joint on my big toe (right foot) can crack like once every 5 seconds if it's not too warm. The one on my left toe is trickier, it has to be quite cold for that to work, otherwise it cracks just once.
Looks [a lot more](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#Adoption_as_national_standards) than just those three.
We have been towed outside of the environment now.
https://imgs.xkcd.com/comics/ten_thousand.png
But it's medical-themed! Like in a hospital!
Have you considered smoking less than two packs a day? Mine easily lasts a week.
Pirates don't judge.
The issues are always the same. The new battery either can't be produced in large quantities, it's too expensive, too dangerous (unstable chemicals), can't charge fast, can't discharge fast, can't be recharged many times, can't hold the charge without self-discharging, or is too big/heavy. At least one of these is always the case, that's why we haven't seen any new battery tech hit the market for a couple decades now.
Your brain just goes pfrrrrrrt every now and then. I have put dishes into a clothes washing machine.
You're wrong on many levels and you keep digging deeper. These are not like normal low beams even if they look that way to you. They just spray light forwards with no cutoff beam or anything, blinding everyone "slightly". All new cars have fancy optics and height adjustment and stuff in those new LED headlights. You don't, you have a ghetto lightbar. In my country your car's tech pass would be ripped in half as soon as any cop saw it, and for a good reason. Don't be "Im a truck, fuck you" asshole.
That's because you're poor.
That's some dedication.
Soo, any answers?
&gt; but unironically Well then fuck off, k?
*I've come to drink with you again
I've had many cars with sunroofs, the only one where it was actually useful was a first gen Scion Tc. It is quite big in comparison to other brands and the best feature is [this spoiler](https://i.imgur.com/XyySxQ7.jpg) which pops up in front of it when it's open. It directs the wind away from the opening, so you still get plenty of air but it's not blowing in your (or rear passengers') face, super nice. I'd drive with it open most of the time, if the weather was good.
But then a vr headset is needed, and those are expensive. I wouldn't waste my money on a cheap no-name one. I've done that before with other devices and regretted it.
My Xiaomi dashcam has lane departure warning and collision auto-record feature. It starts beeping every time I change lanes because it can't see my turn indicator, and it saves videos of me driving over potholes because it thinks that I've hit something.
This is just a demo part, it's not supposed to go into any functional parts and it's definitely not mass produced this way. It's just showing off the machine's capabilities, that's all.
How often does that happen? These doors are absolutely fucking everywhere, in every mall, store, office building and gas station.
18650 all day every day. r/18650masterrace
&gt; I need every type of architect and building type to proof the different methods. How many millions of dollars is your current budget?
[They continued.](https://www.reddit.com/r/JusticeServed/comments/eki1s5/burglars_didnt_expect_that_reaction/)
It's an UAZ 469.
Bėda dabar yra ta, kad žalia sukantiems į dešinę užsidega kartu su žalia pėstiesiems, tai reikia visus praleist ir po jų kokios dvi mašinos spėja. Reikia papildomų sekcijų, nes kitaip užsipisim. Nemažai kur Vilniuje jau trečią valandą šiandien buvo kamščiai po kilometrą, kur seniau jų niekad nebūdavo.
I'm just sorry for your family. You'll spend everything you have, pawn the house and come out broke, homeless and divorced. And you won't be the first, far from it.
It's mostly the pubs. Cozy, calm, quiet ones with an old guy behind the bar, great selection of local beers and greasy food.
&gt; Can you do it? What's your plan. I literally just told you: schools, roads, hospitals, education, sanitation. &gt;Answer and then proceed to collect your Nobel It's been answered more than a few times already. The problem here is their government, which doesn't want those people to get educated. Only slaves work for free.
Someone's clearly never been to Milton Keynes. They even have an arena that looks like fucking [Chernobyl sarcophagus.](https://i.imgur.com/iIqAAFt.jpg)
Yes! It would be funny if they all got to sit in the same jail cell.
Al Hadath says that it was accidentally shot down by Iranian air defence system.
&gt; USB condoms You mean simple charging cables with just two wires (+ and -) and no wires for data? Yes, they are called charging cables.
&gt; I need you to answer the question you dodged about why you in particular feel the need to be abusive and hostile I like to make fun of stupid ideas.
&gt; is one of the least racist European countries Was. My family isn't even black, we're from Eastern Europe. Mom started getting "Get the fuck out" comments shortly after Brexit vote.
&gt; a microchip in them which negotiates higher amperage power output They short the two data pins on the phone, that way it knows that it's connected to a charger and not a PC USB port or something. That's literally all there is to it. No chip or anything. The whole charging circuitry and everything necessary for it is in the phone. Microchips in Apple cables are mostly to make sure that you're only buying Apple cables and not cheaper, better, higher quality, nicer alternatives.
It's not as fancy as Turkish Airways, that's about it. Service isn't as good, food might not be as tasty and airplanes are more cramped, but the ticket prices are significantly lower too.
Have you heard of anyone celebrating their 6 months anniversary?
&gt;Worse than current China in every way, including suicide. Ohhh, why didn't you tell me right away that you are a chinese shill? #1989 Tiananmen Square protests
You didn't find it weird that the "cop" wasn't wearing a uniform?
This car has literally zero in common with its name. It's just another SUV for soccer moms.
All of them. r/PraiseCorporate
That's because snow accumulates over the winter. Now there's no snow at all, anywhere around here.
That's the cool thing, he can do serious stuff too, not just fuck about while breaking stuff. You never know what the next show will be about.
*Jie nelaiko savęs Baltijos šalimi.
&gt; I rather replace 4-5 qt periodically to avoid problems. Again, that's not how filters work. Do you do the same with the engine oil?
They are definitely lighter but I'm not sure about the strength, plenty of standard multi-speed transmissions are built like tanks, to handle many hundreds of horses.
Changing the oil is absolutely pointless if your filter is clogged.
&gt; its that its difficult to access in my situation so I rather change the fluids periodically. You're just wasting oil. Replacing the oil is pointless if you keep the filter. &gt; I’m very proactive with car maintenance. You're clearly not.
They're still treated as such in Europe. I visited the central cemetery in Vienna yesterday, people were jogging there.
That's why all newer cars (including that Merc) have traction control. Mine will absolutely refuse to let the rear end slide out no matter how hard I try, even on snow.
First sentence of your previous comment: &gt; Because if you are going to propose that we change from the only model we know to work Slavery is "the only model we know to work"? Are you insane? It is not an essential step in country's development, why are you insisting that it is? Why do you keep insisting that it's essential and a country can't go anywhere without it? Sure, slaving away at a farm for peanuts is worse than slaving at Foxconn for slightly more peanuts, but that doesn't make Foxconn good. We know what a good company is like, and we know what a good country is like. Foxconn/China is neither of those. I know it, you know it, China knows it. However, it's profitable, so they don't care. They use slaves in prisons too, just like the US.
I stopped looking at all of them as potential girlfriends and started treating them as just friends. Then we started hanging out as just friends, some would tell me (and other girls at the hangout) about issues with their bfs and stuff, so I learned a lot about what's cool and what's not.
Oh, I secretly hoped that you were an actual Rockstar employee or something. Turns out that you don't know anything and it's all just random guessing.
But she's in the arrivals area? Do you still need the pat down there?
I like your honesty.
Cups are often about 200 ml in Europe, that's why recipes write it all in grams or millilitres, to avoid confusion.
One dude was stuck in a boat that capsized and sank, he sat in a small air pocket for two days until rescuers found him, he didn't suffocate or anything. There's a video of it somewhere. That's why I think that a kayak or something would hold enough air for a few hours.
Is it possible that the broken ribs could puncture a lung?
&gt;in a lot of towns In a specific area of one specific country. It may not be facepalm, but it is extremely redneck .
This is funny in a backwards way.
Huh, they didn't fist you when leaving Egypt? I flew from there yesterday, they've had more security, armed guards, scanners and inspections than I've encountered during the last decade of flying in Europe.
Nobody knows how magnets work, so he can pretend that he does and nobody will call him out on it.
That's a really strange decision. Couldn't they put one of many other engines that they have into it? Also, selling it as a commercial vehicle probably won't work very well, as the owners will have to pay hefty road taxes and deal with a ton of new rules and regulations when driving across Europe.
Those bags are like $20 in every bigger city in Asia.
My workaround is called a laser printer. I bought it some 5 years ago and it's still running on the same cartridge it came with.
&gt;"Cashless businesses requiring credit cards and electronic payments like Apple Pay discriminate against poor people who may not have bank accounts or credit cards — as well as minors." Don't you want more poor people and children at your business? They make everything better.
They won't sell it there because most buyers simply wouldn't fit inside.
&gt; It doesn't look anything like the French riviera or Barcelona, Antalya Not really comparable. France and Spain are cool in their own ways, but they don't have this culture and history, it's different. It's like saying "Why is this swimming pool so crowded? An amusement park is so much better!" Oh, and your flair can fuck off ;)
This is a fairly [standard](https://i.imgur.com/ixGPkhC.jpg) and [typical](https://i.imgur.com/JBebTk2.jpg) design for a little offroad beast, although it's a bit lacking in some areas. People do this for competition, they take a tiny little 4x4 (Suzuki Jimny or Samurai, Daihatsu Rocky, Hyundai Galloper, etc.), replace the axles with ones from Unimog or GAZ 69A or something similar, massive wheels, diff lockers, remove everything that's not necessary (like body panels), add winches, etc. [Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=is1xaPAUiV8) is a video with lots of these cars and some action footage. This is peak battlecar, nothing can go further than these things.
'No LPG" signs are everywhere in underground parking lots in Europe, at least in the eastern half, where LPG cars are common. The reason isn't that the tanks are explodey, it's that a leak will cause issues underground as this gas is heavier than air and it will settle there. I've traveled across this whole eastern half and saw those signs at many garages.
The [line](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aA970qVzczg) between the two is getting thinner.
In very simple terms, it will replace "shit's crazy yo" with "The current situation is astonishingly intense" and their target audience is mostly companies who write ads for job openings.
Same shit. Vitaras are very popular for these conversions too, a lot of them have stock engines as well. Suspension in OP's photo is stock probably because that guy doesn't drive through deep mud, so there's no need to upgrade it.
We do now, thanks to climate change.
&gt; but not working with the system But that's exactly how the system works. All other units are defined using these basic ones. They are [all related.](https://i.imgur.com/KgkaBd9.jpg) Here's a [more serious](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SI_base_unit#2019_redefinition_of_SI_base_units) source. You can derive ones from the others, everything's interconnected and everything plays along nicely. That's probably why NASA and other scientists in the US use it. Nothing works in the imperial system, it's a mess of arbitrary units based on lengths of body parts of ancient humans.
Rapidly growing engineering and industrial industry too. Their [airforce](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4kF-zOXIZUk) is virtually undefeatable.
I've heard that this was actually years ago...
"What is your biggest weakness?" "I pay too much attention to details."
Everyone will want it when the working class will be poor and American chicken will cost half as much as local.
I have tried some of those massive fruits and veggies. Quite often they don't really taste like anything (or anything *good*) because they were bred for size, not quality.
In other words, *it depends* if you hand-pick a few places from here and there. It doesn't depend if you take both as a whole. Overall food in the US is shit, that's why salmonella infection rates are 10x higher than in Europe. We have "american" cheese in Europe. It's so shit that it can't even be called "cheese" legally, it's "cheese-flavoured product". It's a law that applies to many dairy and other products, they must be called for what they are. It can't be called "butter" if it's more veg oil than butter. Or if it comes in a spray can. &gt;But the best pizza I get in Lincoln is fucking dominos, where's as US has amazing pizza. This little town of under 100k people doesn't have as many pizza options as a whole massive country? Wow, I retract all my previous statements, you've proven your point.
Sorry bruh, we don't like refugees.
Did you notice how the dude rinsed the mud off his hand before grabbing the hand of that other guy? He's getting out of an ice cold river and he thought "Oh, I wouldn't want to get mud on that guy", that's how much he cares about others.
This first episode was pretty good too. I like how they stopped bullying Harris.
Oh, at first I thought you were talking about Curacao syrup as I've got a bottle of it, it's for cocktails/mocktails and such, very concentrated, a half litre glass needs just a dash of it. Drinking a shot would be sensory overload.
&gt; Depression rates [...] are generally higher in rich countries Yea, because you don't have to spend every waking minute trying to find food, so you get lots more time to think about life and stuff. Suicides during a war are lower too, it doesn't mean that war is good.
The TRÅDFRI ones, I've got a few. You'll need a Gateway too, in order to connect to them with your phone. It works well with Google Assistant, Alexa and all those other things.
Ah right, I forgot about the whole religion thing. It's definitely not gone, those guys are serious about it.
Don't worry about it, being gay isn't cool anymore since they banned cock fights.
Captain Joe on youtube did a video where he showed that you can, if you know the plane and know what you're doing. That's obviously with a modern jet liner, not some old biplane.
Buy a fire blanket, they're cheap and could save your house.
It's only cold up at the top. I visited in spring (around Easter) and it was 25+ C in Tbilisi. We went to the mountains too, it was a lot colder there, well below zero.
Most rental places offer pickup too, so you can start in Klaipėda, cycle to any of the little villages on the peninsula and then they'll come to pick you up. Convenient, in case you get tired. We did that a few years ago, cycled to Nida, guy came over to collect the bicycles, then we enjoyed a couple cold beers and took a bus home.
There's a third option: protests will fizzle out in a few days and everything will go back to the way it was.
This is on the Right, the pedo in the White House made it happen.
It'll be just like with the Occupy Wall Street protests. Everyone's very angry, so the rich people just lock the doors and wait it out.
I particularly enjoyed those videos from India, where cops used thin long sticks to whip the shit out of people ignoring the quarantine order.
Unemployment was pretty big during the 2007 financial crisis too, and what was the result of that?
They'll just dismiss it as another loser leftie.
The photos might be stretched a bit, it's an old website with even older pictures.
It depends on the sub, the more specialised ones aren't political at all.
Reminded me of ["You just hold on"](https://www.bbc.com/news/blogs-trending-36482124) comment from Medvedev. Anyway, so how good are Russian pensions and passports? As a rational human being, I would've voted to stay in UA and work towards EU membership, but that's just me.
[Nebūtinai.](https://i.imgur.com/2pvoQYF.jpg) Turiu ir litą su tokiu pačiu. Dvigubas kryžius skiriasi, lietuviškame horizontalios linijos visada buvo vienodo ilgio. Kaip išsiaiškinau, tai Baltarusijoj Vytis buvo uždraustas, po Sovietų Sąjungos griūties jis vėl buvo naudojamas, bet paskui Lukašenka jį pakeitė sovietinio stiliaus herbu, tai dabar Vytį naudoja anti-Lukašenkininkai. Įdomus dalykas tas, kad Baltarusijoj yra toks judėjimas, teigiantis, kad Mindaugas buvo baltarusis, o mes (lietuviai) jį nusisavinom ir išvis mes čia ne prie LDK chebros.
Huh, I didn't know those things could fly at all, I've got a few as decorations.
It's entirely possible that this is all vaporware, just like the Russian robots presented in the past couple years.
https://i.imgur.com/sYsQmqw.jpg r/ExecuteOrder99
Electrolysis is the other option, yes. It's not developed very well yet, that's why it's inefficient. Distribution costs could be eliminated by producing it right next to the fuelling stations. It could even use solar and wind power. Nuclear is another option, hydrogen could be produced at night, while the power demand on the grid is lower, then it would be actual zero-CO2 fuel. The biggest benefit of hydrogen is that fuelling up takes just a couple minutes, it would be very convenient for vehicles which don't stop much, like cargo trucks, forklifts, buses, ships, etc. Hydrogen has great fuel density (by weight) too, three times higher than gasoline. That's a big benefit when comparing it to typical batteries, which are very heavy.
Calling people *nerd* is what makes you a not very nice person.
This is a bit unusual, yes. Most pit areas look [like this](https://i.imgur.com/qNqThHh.jpg) and you must place the car back on that ramp, you can't just yeet it.
Not particularly. Electric is now cheaper and just as fast as nitro, and you don't have to spend time tuning the engine before every race for the conditions.
This is actually real speed.
If the wheels are big and proportionately heavy, yes. Motocross bikes use this same principle when doing sweet jumps.
You can't start the engine remotely and they don't have reverse either. However, it's not really necessary, in that shitty old video reverse isn't used, it's an electric buggy and all I did was stop the wheels. Momentum got transferred into the chassis and that's why it started turning the opposite way. The background noise is all from the electric motor.
He was lost. Those old helicopters don't have fancy navigation systems and the pilots have to use standard paper maps.
This one burns data into the glass, not on top of it, that's the main difference.
You don't have to machine it, it would be cheaper and quicker to cast it in resin.
Looks awesome. I particularly like the dash above the steering wheel choice that Peugeot made, somehow it's very practical. We've got car sharing in my city, I got into one Peugeot (non-electric version), started adjusting the seat, mirrors and steering wheel and I couldn't get the latter to work, like it doesn't go up high enough, I can't see the speedo through the gap, wtf. It took some time until I realized how it works. It quickly grew on me and now I always choose those cars when they're available, out of a whole bunch of city hatchbacks.
Fainuma.
Come visit me in my *chalet*, we'll be serving platypus cheese with pistachio moss.
The chips are to control your brain, not to track your location.
Žalios mėlynės yra žalios.
“I could stand in the middle of Fifth Avenue and shoot somebody and I wouldn’t lose any voters,” Trump said. He actually said it.
They haven't killed anyone, they just spread the bacteria which does.
&gt; and have children Oh god please no. Having babeeez would ruin the show.
Well OBVIOUSLY black guys were armed for looting and white guys were protecting the city. OBVIOUSLY. /s
If the new versions are cheap, then everyone will easily afford them, thus generating zero shark card sales. It would be nice but not profitable, so it's not happening. The cars will cost millions, if they ever do it.
The neatest thing I found out about these little things is that they sound like massive bumblebees. They bumble.
Even if Photoshop had a dedicated button in the default interface, named "Insert pictures from ShutterStock with no watermarks or anything" ?
I've got an old TV of a similar size, wanted to do something like that but I couldn't find a screen of the right size. The original black and white CRT has shit resolution, so it wouldn't be very useful.
It's an ad, everyone there without exceptions is a paid actor.
Commie blocks are bad because they do look ugly. They're also uninsulated so you get drafts and crazy heating bills in winter. That is all fixed during these renovation projects. They also usually replace all the pipes and electrical stuff, which is severely outdated in most cases.
It was a first gen DMU 50 from 2007 or so. All later models use metal forks, those ones last for decades of constant use.
Oh wait, those are iso10? I've never seen these before, they're tiny! Post some to /r/technawwlogy with a banana for scale. We use Cat-40 holders, some of them weigh like 10kg with a tool inserted, that's probably why delrin forks didn't last very long.
That's not a cynic perspective, that's a crazy conspiracy theory.
Yea, sure that happened.
In the EU the owner of the vehicle would be held responsible, unless they can tell who was driving.
It felt like they wrote this series for children or something, that's why it's so dumbed down and educational. Racism is bad, friendship is good, eliminating a whole species is bad, helping others is good...
Would you steal if you could get away with it and nobody would ever find out?
In Lithuania we stuff pork intestines with mashed potatoes, onion and bacon, it's called [vėdarai.](https://i.imgur.com/nMABpNP.jpg) Or just stuff them with meat, that's how sausages were made in the old days. Point being, there are many recipes so you could easily get at the butchers'.
It's a joke, OP used a blow torch.
Reiškiu nuoširdžią užuojautą. Vilniuj mašina rodė +34 vienu metu (asfaltas įkaitęs, visas miestas įkaitęs), bet paskui kai šniojo lietaus, tai per pusvalandį iki 18 nukrito. Tada dar buvo [rūkas](https://i.imgur.com/kwqXMhx.jpg) ir daug spyglių ant kelio. Rytoj lyg ir turėtų iki jūsų lietus ateit, gal kažkiek atvėsins.
I feel mostly indifferent, but also ashamed when foreign tourists encounter them in bus station bathrooms. They are integrating but it's a slow process, a large portion of the old generation (immigrated during the Soviet days) are very much against Lithuania/EU, so they refuse to speak Lithuanian. The next generation (millennials) are doing much better, they understand that they won't get a good job if Russian is the only language they know. I still occasionally encounter young people who can't speak Lithuanian even though they were born and raised here. Their parents only spoke Russian at home, they went to a Russian language school, so they never got a chance. They tend to work shitty jobs at car scrapyards and such.
My all time favorite https://youtu.be/2VWZPdpKjAk
Good point, women are nasty and kids are fucking stupid.
If you're stopped in your lane and another car has crashed into you, then it's quite clear, isn't it?
Eh... What you see here (lift, tires, a ton of plastic) is all he's got. He didn't upgrade the engine or the diff, so it's an underpowered one-wheel-drive Fit.
Looks a bit leaky...
That one used to be just dark humour, jokes about dead babies and all that, basically Jimmy Carr's "Let's see if I can offend you" material. Then it became generic racism.
That's why we didn't let you join the EU.
Nolan said that this is intentionally left unanswered. There's no clear answer.
Can't really confirm, it's a different model, not V-Class.
Mine is from 2006 and it refuses to lock. But then if yours can lock, then it should be able to unlock as well, right?
You're doing it backwards, kefir should go in at the very end.
Krapas angliškai yra krap.
The English version has two lines, it's not really "made" by anyone, just thrown together by some enthusiast or tourist passing by.
Nothing really weird here, Putin has been pushing this image of being badass for years. Riding horses, hunting bears, fishing in remote locations, etc. It's all for the press, obviously.
I'm surprised by the number of people here who think that this is someone's personal project. It's obviously a normal working hearse. Most of them are nice cars, not rusty pickup trucks.
[It's real.](https://i.imgur.com/ras4loA.jpg) [Here](https://i.imgur.com/2Q8GJdj.jpg) is another Porsche. It's a South African funeral company and they have a bunch of converted luxury hearses. [Here's a Range Rover](https://i.imgur.com/q4m7iPz.jpg) and a [Mercedes.](https://i.imgur.com/MBSMh1g.jpg)
Distance wasn't the reason as it's closer to 500 km in a straight line, or 1,000 km if you go by road. Similar flora and architecture is the main reason. Also, there's a similar RBMK reactor in Lithuania, and there's a training room with an almost identical control console near it. The power plant isn't operational anymore, so they could use the training room for filming.
You don't think that Panamera is a nice car? Huh?
You won't be friends if you'll sip one beer for 8 hours while being an ass to staff, even if you do it every day, regularly.
Looks like that British guy, Colin Shmurze.
[It's real.](https://i.imgur.com/ras4loA.jpg)
Similar in Lithuania, 1Gbps is €13, but I don't really need such speeds so I'm using 300Mbps for €10.
It's South African, those guys aren't exactly known for the best custom vehicle work :)
Thankfully nobody in this particular video, but dickheads like those cause a lot of crashes. Have you seen what happens when a bike t-bones a car at 150 mph?
Or some sandpaper and a lot of patience...
&gt; First you argue that some people want a high end experience and that it's either OP's version or a beat up pick up truck. &gt; &gt; And you're yet to counter that. You offered two examples, one of which costs $600k and the other doesn't even exist.
Trump supporters are stupid, though. You don't have to do mental gymnastics yo figure that out.
A grinder and paint, Makes me a welder I ain't.
Those are the only two options you can think of? Either $100k or it has to be supported by the income from stock markets and donations from wealthy donors? Have you ever heard of Europe? We've got colleges and universities which are free or very reasonably priced, and they have top class professors and excellent facilities.
&gt; Why not pay for 1 gb? Why pay for something I don't need? &gt;Get a bottle of alcoholic lithuanian vodka ...as opposed to non-alcoholic vodka?
That crane is shit anyways, you can't even lift another truck with it.
I've visited both. Estonian tower is in a fairly remote area with forest and suburban houses around it, not much to see from there, but the interior is very nice and modern. I particularly liked those windows in the floor which can be switched from transparent to opaque with a button next to them. I saw a man fall off the roof as I was standing at the window looking at the Tallinn harbour. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yVbJGdEJKGw The Soviet museum next to it was pretty cool too. Vilnius tower is not renovated and the restaurant inside is shit, old Soviet style with crappy food, but it's right in the city, so you can see main streets, cars, various districts around it, which is cool. We've also got guided tours in the tower, so you can visit all the rooms with hardware, the safe room under the restaurant, you can even get outside on the roof.
See, you increased our alcohol consumption by quite a lot. Tourists count as locals in the minister's data.
I saw a couple episodes but it didn't click. It's possible that the guys were referencing the show.
A blue pallet like that shows up every now and then at work. Nobody cares and it's used just like any other pallet.
It's called religion.
It's a crappy fake castle in China. It will crumble and fall apart within 5 years.
We can dream, but the people in power (the profit hoarders) won't allow it.
I wanted to see if my unlimited mobile data plan is truly unlimited. I found some movie pack torrent, downloaded it, deleted it, downloaded it again, over and over. They slowed it down after 300 GB or so. Tried the same with my wired connection and it looks like it's truly unlimited, I got close to 1 TB and the speed stayed the same.
I went through that phase as well, including the outspoken atheist crap. It's even more cringeworthy because I live in a country where nobody cares about religion.
It does in a lot of other cars.
Lower fuel consumption. I knew a guy who drove three hours every other weekend to visit his parents, he said that he liked following trucks because he'd get like 3L/100km (almost 80 mpg) in his shitty old Opel Corsa with a tiny engine. Driving normally it would do about 5 litres, so that's a pretty big improvement.
Ships are metal too...
ID.3 [is crap.](https://i.imgur.com/s7hAgN6.jpg) What's the point of 300 mile range if you get less legroom than on a budget European airlines like Ryanair or something?
The goal is to charge overnight and then run non-stop throughout the day. There's a Königssee lake in Germany, they use a fleet of [electric boats.](https://i.imgur.com/0iZUnb9.jpg) The captain of one of them told me that they recharge overnight and that gives them enough juice for a 16 hour shift.
Ha, idiot parked on the wrong side.
What the hell is going on there? It's just thousands of childrens' drawings of Ickaborg? and she's praising every one.
We have a deposit system for bottles and it's 98% effective, so that's not too bad.
Welcome to the club!
It doesn't look like you've ever contributed anything to this sub. Being a condescending ass won't help.
Those simple surgical masks aren't much better.
Yeah, build a new engine designed for street use.
&gt; the tool didn't decide to unscrew itself That's the weird thing, I'm pretty sure that it did, although it might have gotten some help from a drill bit that was the first to break. This end mill started machining through it and that may have caused the problem we see here. The tool was definitely tightened properly and it made half a dozen parts before this happened.
Sneaky little toolses.
The only ones who care about it are pedos anyway.
There's absolutely nothing magical about life, it's just the way chemistry and physics works. Whether it's special or not is subjective.
&gt; If you fire a weapon that can incapacitate an officer then yea you deserve to be shot. If you fire a **non-lethal** weapon and **miss**, you deserve a death sentence?
Fuck off.
No but seriously, fuck off shithead.
Putin isn't my politician. You should leave the western internet now and stick to your yandex crap, or whatever shit you've got.
Normal rain doesn't cause issues because it's not too strong and the water has time to drain. This one was sudden and extremely strong. I was driving to Vilnius from another city and saw basically a wall of water closing in. It went from sunny and nice to absolute mayhem in a minute. I pulled into a parking lot on higher ground because I was afraid that I'll flood the engine. I also couldn't see anything, so there was no point in driving anyway.
Well duh, that's why I choose to have a cat instead of a child. Kids are obviously a lot of work and they need constant attention. Meanwhile, my cat just sleeps if I'm not at home, or it sleeps on me if I am at home.
It's basically water.
America is a free country, employers are free to do whatever they want.
Those were movies, not documentaries. In real life thousands of innocent people were being sent to labour camps in Siberia to die. Now Russia is adamantly denying everything and claiming that they "saved" us. I think you can understand why I don't like it.
Many of our dishes are... an acquired taste.
Proper original Samogitian language (spoken only by old people now) is like a different language, lots of different words for stuff and all that. Sounds closer to Latvian than Lithuanian. Folk clothing is different in every region, horse-drawn carriages and buggies are different, there are notable differences in cuisine too.
r/frugal is slightly better. Save money in one area so that you could spend more in another.
Technology Connections has just released a video about [voltages in the US](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jMmUoZh3Hq4) and it doesn't look like most homes can go above 220. In Europe most homes and even apartments have three-phase power, giving us 400V.
&gt; Which ones? 1940 - 1953 deportations. An estimated 6 million people from the Baltics, Ukraine, Belarus and Moldova were deported to the Far North and Siberia, over a million of them have died. Has Russia admitted that this was a genocide? Has Russia admitted that they forcefully occupied the Baltic States against their will? Have you seen the parties and celebrations after our independence was restored? It's really very obvious that nobody here wanted Russia to rule us.
The Chechen deportation in 1944 is recognised as a genocide, https://unpo.org/article/438. Deportations of all others aren't recognised as a genocide *yet*. &gt;The USSR occupied the Baltic States. Russia still claims that the Baltics consented, https://www.lrt.lt/en/news-in-english/19/1189848/russia-s-putin-says-soviets-occupied-lithuania-with-consent. &gt;this was done according to the customs of the time. Yeah, Russian customs. Nobody here wanted this, except for some corrupt officials. &gt;Russia did not rule the Baltic States. It was the USSR. Russia ruled the USSR.
&gt; 90% of the available energy How much energy is available? Also, you should still do it yourself before you tell others. Otherwise you're a hypocrite.
You can swim and camp around public lakes, but the area that's protected is just a few metres around the lake. You don't have the right to walk across someone's property to get to that lake.
We've got a museum like that in my country, lots and lots of Stalins, Lenins and other commies.
It does, thanks!
My home IP address is definitely static. I'm in that part of Europe where they barely charge us at all and static IPs are the norm. It seems to be dynamic on mobile, though.
Dodge paid them and Volvo didn't, hence the result.
I've got this old hag as a neighbor, she did that once when we were playing with a ball and she didn't like that for some reason. She filmed herself saying "And then those kids INSULTED me!"
Longer wheelbase makes it easier to drift than a shorter car.
&gt; I wanted to know if I can go between them which seems to be okay as well. Yup, you should be fine unless you visit one of the infected countries (like Sweden or the UK) before coming here. Buses are the way to go if you want to travel cheaply, a direct ticket from Vilnius to Riga is €17.
"Sekmas" means "Seventh" in the old dialect and "diena" means "day". Sekmadienis literally means "Seventh day" so we've got the whole 1-7 package.
That's a great list. Now, what's the optimal VR kit I should get to play these?
It's only old for the enthusiasts. Your average buyer doesn't really care if the phone was released last week or four months ago, it's still new.
Wife could sleep diagonally in the other direction, [like this.](https://i.imgur.com/MYFhW74.jpg)
&gt; I don't understand why Brazil isn't Corruption. Everything you suggested would require effort AND it would cut into profits, none of the higher-ups want that. It's the same reason why Russia is so poor when it has pretty much the whole periodic table in its territory.
This isn't the US, nobody gets shot.
Mixing biofuels with ethanol isn't inherently bad because ethanol comes from renewable sources. In case of Brazil though, it's absolutely due to deals with government officials, the environment isn't even on the list for those people.
We say "Nu bliat" in Lithuanian. We don't have sufficiently strong swear words, so we use Russian ones.
It's certainly a delight for some species of flora and fauna, not so much for humans.
Oi, aš nelinkiu niekam mirties. Gyvenk, džiaukis, balsuok, skųskis tais, kurie nemėgsta sovietinių bobų, o aš tiesiog būsiu čia ir lauksiu.
&gt; semi-pro No, a lot of performers are young and inexperienced.
&gt; the majority of people who live there? Estimates state that majority of people might be the slaves themselves. &gt;It's commonly said that the US was built on slavery. Every American supports slavery now? Imagine if slavery was still a thing and most workers were slaves and the rest of the country was enjoying the fancy skyscrapers and luxurious 7-star hotels that they built. Imagine if nobody was even considering that maybe slavery is bad and it should be ended, rather the opposite, we need more slaves because the economy is stagnating. That's Dubai.
The radio station that plays at work had a thing where people would call and talk about cars. It was kind of a survey, what car they're driving now, what they'd want, what's the ugliest or prettiest car of all time, etc. This went on for a month or so, so we got to hear lots of stupid statements. Surprisingly many people absolutely love their VWs but would never ever sit in an Audi. A few said that the best car ever is VW Passat that they own and the worst is the Golf. That's out of all cars ever produced. Overall the ugliest car of all time was the PT Cruiser.
Nepažįsti, kaip video veikia, oi nepažįsti. Visų pirma, tai ne šilanskas surinko, o "Kitokie Pasikalbėjimai". Pačio vieno Šilansko niekas nežiūri, išskyrus gal tik tave. O antra, jei mokėtum naudotis youtube, tai gal sugebėtum pasižiūrėt ir kitų video peržiūrų skaičių. Gal tada pamatytum, kad kai tik vardas girdėtas, tai ir surenka vieną ar du šimtus tūkstančių. Butkutė irgi 200k gavo, bet Simona Nainė 400k turi, Katleris virš pusės milijono surinko, ką tai reiškia? &gt;Panašūs į jį jaunesni šoumenai # &gt;Katleris pvz. :D Šito nekomentuosiu.
Same here. Mostly everyone agrees that he's tall and good-looking, but that's all he's got. He is completely spineless and can't make any decisions.
Nu tai ką padarysi, ne visiems duota teksto suvokimo dovana. Labai neliūdėk.
60 miles per gallon is equal to about 3.92 litres/100km. The above commenter was actually kidding, it's only 25.5 kilometres per litre.
&gt; spending $4k on rentals is not happening for me Yes, you'd rather spend 10k on a car that will get used to its full potential only a few times per year. &gt;Flying all their stuff to college would be expensive too. You'll be flying all their stuff back and forth four times a year?
Have you considered getting portal axles? They would raise the car and the diffs without requiring bigger wheels.
[The study](https://www.nature.com/articles/srep00521) [Simplified article](https://www.theguardian.com/music/2012/jul/27/pop-music-sounds-same-survey-reveals) Looks like I slightly misremembered it, it wasn't from different eras, only from different decades, from 1955 to these days.
It's funny how standards change from country to country. I was in Egypt recently (before the Covid) and the pools had huge signs specifically banning burkinis. You either wear a normal bikini or you don't swim at all.
They're advertised well in advance, you just fill out a form online where you tell them what you'll do and then they tell you if you're accepted. All you need is a team and a sufficiently ridiculous idea. Finishing the race is optional, a funny idea is way more important. There's another one where you have to jump off a ramp with a homemade glider and fly as far as possible. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2iK8HKirT0g
There are tons of other stuff that can happen that will cause a radiation leak, explosion is not the only thing.
That's how cemeteries are in my country, there are lots of trees and flowers. The coffins aren't really a huge issue, it's not like they're built to last. They rot away and everything is consumed by bacteria and worms.
That was OP's goal.
All of it is always "five years until ready".
&gt;I bet you can google their safety measures Google returned 0 results. Belarus is very incompetent when it comes to building a nuclear power plant, lots of incidents happened during construction, several people died, they dropped the reactor housing from a height of a few metres, the list goes on. They also refuse to cooperate with neighbouring countries and they won't let in independent inspectors from experienced countries. It's going to be an absolute shit show and half of Lithuania might become uninhabitable.
IAEA visited the site last year but it didn't assess the overall safety of the plant, it was more like "you should build a shelter for firefighters" and [similar minor crap.](https://www.iaea.org/newscenter/pressreleases/iaea-mission-sees-safety-commitment-at-belarus-npp-ahead-of-commercial-operation) Belarus refused to publish the whole report. Most inspections are [done by the russians](https://www.neweurope.eu/article/belarusian-nuke-plant-wraps-up-nuclear-inspection-before-fuel-loading/) and you can probably understand why nobody trusts those.
Ai jo, buvau biški pamiršęs. Ačiū.
Yea, you should probably take a nap. There was no sarcasm in that comment, I've seen those same people too.
Yes, the new police radars can take photos in both directions.
&gt; I’m saying in road rage incidents. No matter where you look it’s not that typical. Of course it's not typical, but it does happen in some countries and doesn't happen in others. I can't imagine this happening in most of Europe, Japan or Australia, for example. The point is that Americans have shitloads of guns and no rules, kind of like Russia, so it happens way more often than in any other country that's at least mostly developed.
They on the whole voted overwhelmingly for the Tory party, which is pro-Brexit, right?
Incels rejoice.
It's quite clean and tidy, yes. The prices of everything are great too, you can get a cold pint right in the city centre for €2.
It would be funny if it meant "A hearse".
You mean, you can break your leg if you fuck up?
Waffles? Don't you mean carrots? HAHAHAH
I've been to a few RC airshows, big guys always do proper preflight checklists, checking the attachment points, control surfaces, whether the battery is strapped down and won't shift in flight, the list was pretty long. One guy had a very cool huge Extra300 with a 50cc engine. Every system in it was doubled, starting at the remote controller. It had two independent transmitters and the plane had two receivers, two servos for every control surface, backup batteries, the whole thing.
Hmm.
