"[amount] in [time]" seems wrong for what you are saying. We all know from sports that: 0.04 s = 4 * 10^-2 s, is 4 hundredths of a second. And I'm pretty sure that: 0.00004 s = 4 * 10^-5 s is simply 4 hundred-thousandths of a second. Then continuing by the same logic: 5.39 * 10^-44 s must be 5.39 hundred-tredecillionths of a second. Edit also for our long scale users, like I myself as a Swiss person, in our system that would be 5.39 hundred-septillionths of a second, because we alternate the -llion words with the -lliard words (Million, Milliard, Billion, Billiard...) thereby halfing the speed of progression through the prefixes
That's actually not just opinion but it's a mechanical difference in the designs. Once the clutch is engaged the power coming from the axles goes directly back into the engine. In automatics (unless we're talking double clutch automatic shifters) you have two turbines in an oil bath that are close together and the oil transmits power between them. They always have a certain amount of slip of course because they aren't fixed to each other. That makes the power transmission a bit less efficient, so an automatic can't motor-break equally well.
To be fair they have ten carrier strike groups, they can exercise a lot of control. Having enough power ready to deter any challenge to your claimed control is also a form of control.
Ah yeah that's true. The MAD doctrine is still in effect.
America seriously needs to get rid of this religious pervasion of their politics.
Beste Hexe bei weitem. Aber ohne Scheiss mal, dieser Anime (Little Witch Academia) ist richtig gut. Ist mein Liebling von Studio Trigger. Der taugt sogar für Leute die normal nicht Anime schauen. Ist auch auf Deutsch vertont und auf Netflix verfügbar. Falls also jemand der hier mitliest mal einen ersten Anime ausprobieren wollte, niedriger wird die Schwelle nicht!
Irgendwie eskaliert Frankreich immer so hart wenn mal was ist. Woran liegt das?
UNTEN SCHRIFTSTÜCK
Was meintest du, "wehren" oder "wähnen"?
&gt;Also eine lebenslängliche Strafe ist doch zum Schutz der Allgemeinheit oder nicht? Du widersprichst dir ein bisschen indem du den falschen Begriff wählst. Es ist eben keine lebenslängliche "Strafe", sondern Verwahrung, die, wie du richtig feststellst, nicht der Strafe dient sondern der Sicherheit der Gesellschaft. Im deutschen Recht heisst das selbe Konzept Sicherheitsverwahrung, im österreichischen Maßnahmenvollzug.
Eigentlich ist das nicht die gleiche Situation. Er hat seine Strafe bereits abgesessen.
Er redet von dem verschriebenen Natriumpentobarbital, was du mithilfe der Suizidorganisationen bekommen kannst.
The guy who coined the term has been dead for over 30 years. The only thing buzzing about that word is the flies circling its carcass.
Your comment surprised me. You must live in a much drier place than I. It's kind of funny to think how people live in different circumstances and you don't really notice it much online until something like this happens.
&gt; she was not nearly as used as I am That came out very wrong Edit: Also cue, not que
&gt;I wonder if there’s a correlation between people who play games at high framerates, and people who like this feature. I thought exactly the same. We experience how smooth digital images can be and rely on the smoothness to play well, no wonder we can't stand the blurry mess movies subject us to
I didn't want to say anything but now I have to. I'm studying at ETH Zürich. We usually hover in the area of 10-15 in global rankings. My tuition per semester is 670 Swiss Franks (≈ 670 USD). Just what the fuck is America doing?
I probably shouldn't push this ship too much, but Akko and Diana should be holding hands. But seriously you captured the characters really nicely. You can basically se their personalities
https://cnn.it/2RBLazm Very interesting indeed. A few points of fact that seem noteworthy: After the pregnancy the uterus was removed together with the baby which was born by c-section. The organ recipient had to keep taking immunosupressants during the pregnancy and the most experienced team recommends an early birth so the baby isn't subjected to the suppressants for too long. The fetus came from in vitro fertilization. The uterus was without oxygen for eight hours before the transplant and still worked fine. The uterus had already served for three pregnancys before the donor died. The "first time" is in reference to the dead donors. There have been some 50 transplants from living donors before.
It didn't say in the article, but the reason given was so she wouldn't have to keep taking immunosupressives, which as far as I know is usually a livetime thing when you carry a foreign organ. So I don't think it makes a difference, you want to take it out either way.
I just crashed to desktop within 5 minutes of my first round. ------------------ System Information ------------------ Operating System: Windows 10 Pro 64-bit (10.0, Build 17134) (17134.rs4_release.180410-1804) Language: English (Regional Setting: English) System Manufacturer: Gigabyte Technology Co., Ltd. System Model: X470 AORUS GAMING 7 WIFI BIOS: F4 (type: UEFI) Processor: AMD Ryzen 7 2700 Eight-Core Processor (16 CPUs), ~3.2GHz Memory: 32768MB RAM Available OS Memory: 32714MB RAM Page File: 9671MB used, 27907MB available DirectX Version: DirectX 12 Microsoft Graphics Hybrid: Not Supported --------------- Display Devices --------------- Card name: Radeon RX 580 Series Manufacturer: Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. Chip type: AMD Radeon Graphics Processor (0x67DF) DAC type: Internal DAC(400MHz) Device Type: Full Device (POST) Device Key: Enum\PCI\VEN_1002&amp;DEV_67DF&amp;SUBSYS_34181462&amp;REV_E7 Device Status: 0180200A [DN_DRIVER_LOADED|DN_STARTED|DN_DISABLEABLE|DN_NT_ENUMERATOR|DN_NT_DRIVER] Device Problem Code: No Problem Driver Problem Code: Unknown Display Memory: 24494 MB Dedicated Memory: 8137 MB Shared Memory: 16357 MB Current Mode: 1920 x 1080 (32 bit) (144Hz) Monitor Model: 2460G4 Monitor Id: AOC2460 Output Type: Displayport External Driver File Version: 25.20.14003.1012 (English) Driver Version: 25.20.14003.1012 If anyone is reading and I can provide some specific logs, hit me up.
Yeah HPMOR is just something else. It's my favourite too. It's not just fanfiction but also kind of a deconstruction of the whole value system that underlies usual hero stories.
Maybe I‘m the blind leading the blind here, but I thought systemless meant without changes to the system partition? Wouldn't an edited boot image be just what you need if you want to keep your system partition unchanged?
I'm just so happy that everyone where I live seems to agree to use English for programming, even though the native language is also kind of German.
I think it all comes from one base assumption: "Whenever someone from the out-group had society fail them it must be their own fault, because I know my traditionalist model of society is the correct one."
To me republic means "res publica", public matter, to distinguish a government by the public from monarchies and dictatorships where government is private. And to me democratic means that either descisions are taken by a vote or representative descision-makers are chosen by a vote. So I hope you can see how this sentence of yours confuses me: &gt;By the US' very nature as a Democratic Republic, we are undemocratic. Can you explain what definitions of the terms you are using, so I get what you are saying?
They are just so ugly and useless though. Last year I have been using Fedora Gnome, now Fedora KDE Plasma and I can't stand using the graphical package manager on either.
Don't know about availability on the other end of the world (quite literally, I'm at about 47°N 8°E), but maybe check for the nokia line up.
Vases, statues, foundations of houses, partially decayed tools, weapons, remains of fortifications, jewelry, human bones. Basically everything you can find that has the potential to teach you about human history.
And this happens in Austria, haha, bad luck. They are the foremost exporter of skilift know-how (this hurts a bit to write as a Swiss person, but it's true, we can't beat Doppelmayr). If I was asked whose skilifts I would trust it would be the Austrian ones, then ours. So it's really bad luck that it happens to them. But at least they reportedly saw the problem coming and had already cleared the lift of people before the winds got this bad.
I think it was the guy you answered to, assuming nvllsvm and nullsum are the same person.
Switzerland
Holy shit haha. No I don't, maybe I'm not involved enough, or I missed it because I only found RWBY when it was already on season 3 or so. But yeah, that's definitely crazy.
Hm I don't know what to say exactly. I mean I really like the show, obviously. I feel like you can see the development from a bit of a stereotypical and relatively thin story with cool fights to a more fleshed out world and mode of storytelling. Sometimes I miss the simple joy of the super fast and creative fights though. Maybe a bit of that magic was lost with Oum. What really got me interested in the first place was the red trailer with ruby and scarlet rose. But I find the world building great and for long term investment you need more than fights. The characters are very endearing too. Those super short episodes in the beginning were a bit annoying, I can only imagine how bad it would have been to wait in between. If I had had to wait after the first season it could have happend that I lost track of RWBY, now that I'm invested in the characters and fate of the world that's not going to happen.
OP, you don't even invest the bare minimum of effort to give us any info on your system and you expect us to spend time and brainpower to help you? Get fucked.
I'm excited. With this and rav1e we're one step closer to AV1 being ready for everyday use. Does anyone know if hardware support is dependent on software encoders and decoders being mature, or if that is being developed independently?
Just switch up the wording if you are misunderstood. "Internet sans fil"
Just switch up the wording if you are misunderstood. "Internet sans fil"
Pshh... do you hear this? Sounds like Karl Marx whispering [his critique of capitalism](https://www.marxists.org/archive/marx/works/1867-c1/index.htm) from the grave.
There's the [rav1e encoder](https://github.com/xiph/rav1e) for that other part
Native Americans aren't good construction workers?
I didn't even call for communism you idiot. I'm just saying his critique of capitalism fits the problem this meme alludes to.
Rascal does not dream of bunnygirl Senpai. It's way better than the title makes it seem. I've only seen 3 episodes but number 3 gave me a lot of feels already
The fact that the crashes like to occur during busy times for the phone (app launches) points to too little power being delivered from the battery or the surrounding power circutry to sustain the maximum power expenditure the device is capable of. That makes me think the battery has chemically degraded to a point where its redox reaction is too slow to deliver the necessary peak power. If I am right, then reconnecting won't help. You would either need to replace the battery or reduce peak power consumption, for example by installing the efficient Franco kernel and using Franco's app to underclock cpu and gpu and limit max screen brightness.
Ich denke da müsste die ATX hold up time relevant sein. Im ATX standard ist quasi vorgeschrieben wie lange die Spannung noch gehalten werden muss wenn die Eingangsleistung wegfällt. Aber leider halten nicht alle, vielleicht nicht mal die meisten, Netzteile sich an die Spezifikation. Kann aber sein dass es bei Servern besser aussieht. Also ich würde mal beim Modell des Netzteils beginnen zu suchen.
Just because there is no DRM mechanism you break you assume it's not copyright infringement? What kind of backwards thinking is that? Their website usage terms say the following: &gt; Any software that is made available to download from the Services ("Software") is the copyrighted work of Microsoft and/or its suppliers. Use of the Software is governed by the terms of the end user license agreement, if any, which accompanies or is included with the Software ("License Agreement"). An end user will be unable to install any Software that is accompanied by or includes a License Agreement, unless he or she first agrees to the License Agreement terms. So next you'd have to check the license you agreed to when installing Windows 10 Home. I bet it does not grant you the right to use the product indefinitely without activating it.
Bitte gerne. Habe die anderen Antworten gesehen und gedacht das muss etwas frustrierend sein.
So from "it's not infringement" you go to "it's only civil and I don't care" Just admit when you are wrong
&gt; licensing mechanics are circumvented circumvention of DRM is also banned, but that is not really importent to the question whether breach of license agreement is copyright infringement. &gt; illegally copied That's what an unlicensed copy is. If you have conditions attached to your copy (called license agreement) and you don't follw it then it's an illegal copy. &gt; distributed That's where you can get into criminal infringement instead of just civil, especially if you take compensation. &gt; It is literally a feature of Windows 10 to not shut the user out of the OS, instead to simply ask them to contact MS to obtain a license. The user is free to continue using the product as is while it is not activated. This is not copyright infringement, this is a fucking feature of Windows. I know, but the fact that Microsoft tolerates this does not make it legal. They just think it help their adoption rate and will result in eventual sales. They are probably right. Prosecuting home users is not worth it anyway. It's still infingement though.
&gt; Again - false. You can download Windows 10 Home for free from Microsoft's site. No strings attached. Just what the fuck. I have even copy pasted the relevant strings in a comment further up the chain. Here it is again: &gt; Any software that is made available to download from the Services ("Software") is the copyrighted work of Microsoft and/or its suppliers. Use of the Software is governed by the terms of the end user license agreement, if any, which accompanies or is included with the Software ("License Agreement"). An end user will be unable to install any Software that is accompanied by or includes a License Agreement, unless he or she first agrees to the License Agreement terms. This is pointless, you have already decided that I'm just wrong per se. Maybe because of the downvotes or whatever, but I'm not expending any more energy on someone unwilling to engage in any sort of fruitful discussion.
Yeah and you know how that permission is normally expressed in the context of software? By a license agreement, that grants you the right to use your copy in specific ways under certain conditions. If you breach that you no longer have permission to use that copy. This is the owner of the copyright exercising their right to control distribution.
ふふふふ とす
My dad, an anesthesiologist, is pretty good. He recently set up his own pi-hole. I was quite impressed. Didn't think he'd ever get the hang of the linux command line since he started with Windows 3.11 and has stayed with Windows ever since.
May I suggest [one of these](https://boinc.berkeley.edu/wiki/ATI_Radeon) instead of furmark?
&gt; However, all other industrialized nations enforce their borders. What do you mean by that, because we don't have a single mile of wall or even fence on the border in Switzerland. Nor do even all of our official border crossings have guards 24/7. Not that I'm saying the same would work for the US, but just saying everyone does it doesn't really work.
No, not at all
It's both, weirdly enough. But I think recently the balance has shifted towards the believers
Identical twins are cool. With one of you being trans you now never have to wonder what would I look like if I was another gender.
No one is going to comment on the shopped leg? It's hilariously ugly. Edit: I jumped to conclusions. I think it might be real, just not precisely the same picture as OP's screenshot
&gt; And even if the spelling is authentic, most languages don't use the native pronounciation of borrowed words. The only one I can think of that does use it is High German. Seriously? That explains it I guess. I always wondered why English natives didn't seem to give a fuck about how foreign things are properly called. So it's German that's the weird one, I guess I need to reevaluate.
What he described is not copyleft, it's a permissive license. For music this would normally be the difference between Creative Commons Attribution Share Alike (CC-BY-SA) and Creative Commons Attribution (CC-BY).
Good, thanks. Definitely the right decision he has other stuff to worry about than Blue Byte's bugs.
OP ninja'd you, but thanks :)
&gt; So, FIL was in the RAF First thought, every time, wait what, he was a [German leftist terrorist](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Red_Army_Faction)?
Dude that was some necro, four months later :D I'm happy to report that I'm moving more towards having linux on my machines in a dual boot. It's nice to just reboot and have whatever environment you prefer. Just installed ffmpeg earlier today in my Fedora, but just for JDownloader for now I think I will still use python next time, not bash, then I even get some portability out of it.
If you want to do this you need to bridge two pins on the PSU that isn't connected to the motherboard, so it thinks it's connected and has been turned on. You have to look up which ones I think a green and black one. But it's easy, you just need a paperclip and it's not dangerous if you take the right pin, because it's only a signal to the PSU not actually much power flow at all.
Why is it a terrible idea? I may have done this for two months a few years back...
A short AC power fluctuation should be mitigated by the ATX hold-up time, but if AC power drops for good and one PSU holds up longer than the other then yeah that's a really good point. I also didn't think about back feeding. Hopefully the variance allowed in the spec isn't too wide. I made sure to not overuse any rails so that part makes me feel better. And the higher chance of failure is not really something that I had to worry about for that system. You probably know how it is, I was a teen and wanted to play until I got a new PSU. The safety features are a good point as well. Didn't think of that. But it should really have been obvious once I started the secondary PSU with a paperclip haha. But having read your concerns I feel like the guy who originally asked should be fine to do this just to diagnose his coil whine for a few minutes. Edit: And thank you for this long answer by the way. Appreciate it.
Might, but I'm not convinced. I would still feel protective of my ex if I saw something like that happening and we were only together for 3 years or so. If you chose to have multiple children with someone I think you should probably still care for them even if your being together didn't work out.
Wait what, A2 is a loli now?
Ichigo really redeemed herself after the worst of it. I do admit that I thought she was Bitchigo for a while as well, but she's actually a real cutie.
And you know this how?
Except I backed it up with an argument and made it clear that it's just conjecture while you're just like a child in the sandbox "No, I know better"
Are you sure? I'm just a beginner, but I'm seeing: "kano inu wo taberu"
Das ist alles ein bisschen vage. Der Portscan zum Beispiel, was hast du da getestet? Normalerweise scannt man ja einen Host um zu sehen auf welchen Ports er antwortet. Was bedeutet es denn ein Netz zu port-scannen? Netze haben per se ja keine ports. Oder das "UDP Ports sind wohl generell gesperrt" du kannst keinerlei ausgehende UDP verbindungen aufbauen? Kein DNS, kein Teamspeak, kein FTP über UDP? Wie hast du das festgestellt? Auf welchem TCP port hast du denn dein VPN getestet? Wie wärs zum Beispiel mit TCP 443? Webtraffic darf ja häufig raus, ausser der geht zwingend über eine Proxy? Und um sicher zu gehen, welchen port hast du geändert, den source port der verbindung den dein client wählt, oder den target port der verbindung auf der seite deines OpenVPN servers? Ich würde erwarten dass target ports von ausgehenden verbindungen geblockt werden nicht die source ports die ein client wählt um nach aussen zu kommen, die sind ja normale eh aus der ephemeral port range. Wieso sendet Tunnelblick einen request an deren Webseite um deines NASes (oder wessen?) IP zu erfragen? Das klingt super schräg. Hast du denn keinen dns namen für deine Internetverbindung zuhause? Ich würde ja normal einfach den hostnamen des servers in die client .opvn packen... (ausser die haben einen eigenen restriktiven DNS resolver dessen nutzung sie erzwingen) Oder überhaupt zum testen einfach mal die IP addresse hardcoden? So einen Tag lang wird sie ja wohl stabil sein. Und gib uns doch den gesamten output eines verbindungsaufbausversuches, nicht nur die letzte line, dann sieht man mindestens wie weit es geklappt hat.
Einen portscan auf localhost bedeutet du hast nur deine eigene Maschine gescannt. Das sagt also nichts über das Schulnetz aus, nur damit du das weisst. UDP 53 ist eine gute idee wenn DNS ansonsten normal funktioniert. Ich schätze wenns blöd läuft könnte es sein, dass sie DNS auf ihren eigenen resolver umbiegen, besonders wenn ihr ein captive portal habt auf dem man sich anmelden muss. Wenn HTTPS und DNS beides nicht geht wirds schwieriger. Vielleicht den port fürs network time protocol, oder einen von denen für SMTP, IMAP oder POP (weiss gerade nicht auswendig, irgendwie so 25, 456 und 993 oder so? Müsstest du googeln). Vielleicht tcp21 für FTP oder tcp22 für SSH falls der admin das selbst ab und zu braucht. Aber wenn sie deep packet inspection machen können wir wahrscheinlich lange nach einem port suchen zu dem sie keine verbindungen unterbinden. Da würde ich dann eher als nächstes mit einem SSH tunnel experimentieren. Mindestens scheint ihnen ja schon aufzufallen wenn auf tcp 443 was anderes als https daherkommt. Oder weiss hier jemand einen trick mit dem man openvpn traffic als https traffic tarnt? Vielleicht reichts ja wenn man einen gefakten https header davor packt? PS: ich bin auch mitnichten ein Vollprofi. Gerade mal Bachelor in computer science bis jetzt.
The titties and armor design make it worse. It seems to imply that this might be for sexual pleasure.
Yeah it's a bit weird to me too. I only noticed this recently, because I saw 12:00 AM translated as 午前れい時, which is "zero o'clock in the morning" when you translate directly. It's especially weird to me that you switch from 11:59 P.M. to 12:00 A.M. until 12:59 A.M. and then you go to 01:00 A.M. It just seems obvious that if the number still references the last midday as the last fixed point then so should the letter code.
How's that confidence? It's just me getting food at a place where they sell me food. Not everything has a deeper social or emotional interpretation and it's weird to force one
It's inproportional and counterproductive. Punishments like these made me lose all respect for those deciding them. And the worst ones were always those aspiring to further military careers, I don't know if they got off on it or what. It's some sort or self perpetuating culture of dumb punishments, their justifications, and love of their weird notion of discipline. But I think you and I will never agree on this, because I was a conscript and resent the stupidity on all levels I encountered and you - assuming you are US-American - were probably in voluntarily.
I thought this was the Ork version?
Anything is tolerable as long as it's not Swiss German. I have never heard a song in Swiss German that I liked. I suspect the good songwriters are capable of working in other languages and do it because the Swiss German market is too small. So only the shitty ones produce songs in Swiss German.
That movie had lots of backing by the military, it's basically a recruitment film
Wtf no, we are small but we do have 8 million population. We are number 20 in GDP worldwide.
Ehh.. about 60% of Switzerland is alpine by area, most of the population lives and economic activity happens in the rest of the country. The mountain dwelling stereotypes are pretty far off. I still haven't ever heard anyone yodeling live.
Hat ein Kubiksaarland dann die SI Einheit m^6 ?
Oder eben ein live system wenn man keine spuren haben will
Might just be a language thing. In German for example "lynchen" is not a very common word anymore.
I hope that lower bound is exclusive, otherwise your blink might just obstruct the entire duration.
Especially Mani Matter!
I saw this issue coming with the Brave concept. You just can't force a monetization strategy on the website owners, bloggers, youtubers etc in this way without looking shady as hell. They block ads and go it's fine, we send microtransactions instead, but that is not their prerogative, it needs to be up to Tom to decide how he makes his money.
I can never help thinking facial tissue means a tissue for wiping off the sperm after a "facial"
Why are the app stores so afraid of explicit content anyway? Why not allow these apps for adult users?
My professor is developing [SCION](https://www.scion-architecture.net) with his team. I'm probably biased because he‘s also the one who taught us about BGP in the first place, but to me their approach with the isolation domains and individual choice of trust zones looks promising. I was sceptical about adoption at first but apparently they do get some interest from financial institutions already and some are participating in their test network. Two ISPs also work with them. So maybe it's not just vaporware.
OCR ist nicht schwer, aber das muss trotzdem erstmal einer basteln, so mit Texterkennung merken dass das Thema Windows Keys sind (sonst musst du alle Bilder scannen und das ist bestimmt zu aufwendig) und dann OCR auf allen eingebetteten Bildern machen, mit den Bildern in verschiedenen Richtungen. Ist schon was anderes als einfach nur mit einem Regex allen Text auf Reddit zu scannen um das richtige Schema zu finden.
In der Schweiz hatten wir mal diese Schüler die der Lehrerin nicht die Hand geben wollten, wie das an Primarschulen bei uns häufig die Norm wäre.
Honestly I have a hard time picturing it, but I feel like I'm not on board with the prevailing attitude of "the first time is the only time" throughout the thread. I kind of expect a partner to not even resort to violence in anger. I would be extremely disappointed and probably shift my whole view of her. I don't know if I could ignore that.
Thanks for that title Captain State-The-Obvious
Just be forewarned he still often calls out lootboxes and shitty special editions and dlc carved from base games. He says he will keep going as long as the industry keeps going with the bullshit. So maybe get ready to skip ahead in the video from time to time
Should work if you don't put the settings too high and are content with 60 fps. You only seem to have the integrated "UHD Graphics 620" GPU so that limits you from playing any graphically intensive game. Recommending games is kind of hard, depends on what you like. If I only had your latop for a while I'd probably play some of the following: Portal, Left 4 Dead, Age of Empires 2 HD, Life is Strange, older Total War titles like Rome Total War, older Need for Speed titles, Tomb Raider titles from before the 2015 reboot, older Anno titles, older Stronghold titles, Dawn of War 40k, classic Doom, probably GTA San Andreas, maybe even Skyrim not sure. Outside of my interest but probably runnable: MOBAs, WoW, Team Fortress, some of the Quake titles
/u/LHCI2468 ping because I made a major edit in the parent comment with a few recommendations and I worry you might miss it because I took a while to edit
Manually?! Are you crazy?
Ne du hast erklärt wieso teilweise überlappung übel ist, damit wäre 11 wieder die richtige wahl statt 13
11 ist schon richtig. Ich glaube er hat nicht gemerkt dass die beiden auf 13 deine sind und meint du müssest denen aus dem Weg gehen.
Love what they are doing, I think it's great to help men overcome their fears and help them bonding with their daughters. But I have a gripe with the things said: &gt; "Having a male role model is important to teach them how men should be in their life" And then two sentences after: &gt; "Gender roles, that's just gonna have to go" That seems quite contradictory. You can't say I'll teach them the male role and also don't want female / male roles. The sentiment sounds nice but it doesn't make sense.
&gt;Would have literally saved us 18.5 billion dollars last year. ...if the wall were effective
&gt; can exert control over the region. They fail to demonstrate that spectacularly so far.
Because the people who would have been responsible to do the planning were so surprised and blindsided by the move that they resigned, when Trump suddenly told Erdogan on the phone he would pull out
I wonder if an air pump couldn't be designed such that it can estimate lung capacity from some sort of sensor readings, so that you don't need to weigh the patient. Wouldn't overventilation should result in higher peak pressure during air intake or something?
But it has 6 edges instead of 5, sounds like it's edgier
German black coal mines are not profitable anymore, even with the subsidies. That's pretty much all there is to it.
No difference because you still learn a second language as a collection of words, not just strings of characters. Unless you have a non native speaker coming from another script still getting used to latin characters. Like Japanese, Chinese, Korean, Arabic, Indian, maybe Russian and Greek as well. But anyone who can read English at a normal pace is beyond reading individual characters and thus should be able to read the switched version.
The meaning even before the edit is quite clear to me even though English is a second language to me. I have no idea what he's on about.
Once I was a bit unsure how a person ment it. An US American police officer asked me if I was a German spy. I was 16 or 17 and not sure if he was joking or still saw Germany as "the enemy". It was just a joke, but I got scared for a second. But normally whenever I encountered it so far it was in a joking manner and I play along, because I like making jokes ridiculing nazis. For example I'm the butt of all the Nazi jokes on our fairly mixed (with a British majority) gaming Discord. But it's also easier for me because I'm Swiss and German and live in Switzerland. So in a way my identity isn't as threatened if you know what I mean. Unfortunately I never figured out very much about how my grandpa's family acted during the Nazi time. I just know he and his father were both drafted into the Wehrmacht and both ran away before the war was officially lost and hid out at home. My grandpa said he never actually saw combat and was only 16 at the time. His company was bombed once and he said it was weird how they had their lunch close to the site of the bombing with the dead in view. That's the only thing he ever told me about the war. Maybe it's worse if you actually know that your grandparents actually supported the nazis.
That's for various kinds of flash storage, so RAM, SSDs and memory cards. The usual hard drives have magnetic storage, but the magnetic orientation of particles also deteriorates over time, so it's much the same thing there. Not sure if plugging in is good enough though, I think you need to actually direct your operating system or filesystem to write the data freshly.
Perhaps we are weird but my ex and I discussed it when we broke up and both thought it was fine for the other to keep their stash of each others pictures. I'll have to see how I feel about it once I enter a new relationship.
And all he had to do to comply with the license was attribute it. Which instead I did in my top level comment.
I only know project gutenberg at gutenberg.org for books. They mostly digitize public domain works but they also have contemporary self published free books at self.gutenberg.org Then there is archive.org for books and websites and wikibooks.org often for tutorials introductions and manuals and for fanfiction there is archiveofourown.org Edit: Shit I missed your question entirely you were asking for a store. Sorry.
That much is obvious, but the point is the total area should be the same no matter how you assemble it
I have such overkill "servers" too. It's usually what results from friends and myself upgrading our gaming machines. (I often get old parts they don't need anymore when I help them). Was useful during my machine learning lecture though. Training models on all of them at the same time. And also there are some games out there where even the server hosting eats resources like a motherfucker. Worst so far: Space Engineers. The game server runs on .NET on Windows only. So weird and annoying.
Is Korea the weird one or is your part of Aussieland? I mean because of the half hour offset? Just curious. I like time zone weirdness.
&gt;they say “we don’t have to act gay to be gay,” “sexuality isn’t a personality trait,” But that's a far cry from shaming fem guys isn't it? I feel like there was a step missing in the escalation ladder you described there
Okay now it makes sense thanks. It's a shame how all these reactions and counter reactions mixed with a bit of machine learning models on social media and yellow press preferring the emotionally explosive and sensational lead to these completely unnecesary small scale culture wars. We need more kindness and good assumptions about other's positions and honesty instead of cheap shots.
Having a big hentai collection in and of itself is already a neckbeardy thing? I'm pretty sure the rest of my porn is still the larger folder, but I guess I should watch out that I don't shift the balance.
Boah ich hör's schon im inneren Ohr, wie sich die Verantwortlichen rechtfertigen, "Sie hat ja Asperger-Syndrom, und das ist eine Störung psychischer Natur, also ist das richtig, das so zu sagen" typische Methode von den intellektuell unehrlichen Klugscheisser-Rechten. So im Stile von Ben Shapiro, Milo Yiannopoulos, Martin Sellner, Nigel Farage und so weiter.
Der ist geil
So does the term "Rijksmuseum" have the same kind of irrational association to the third Reich even though it has nothing to do with it, when you hear it Dutch as it does to my ears of a native German speaker?
The Bundestag is an interesting example because apparently they still call the building Reichstagsgebäude even though the institution is now called Bundestag. I can't think of other examples right now but I think there are a few, so the word Reich isn't in total disuse or anything. At least not in Germany. I'm actually Swiss so there are neither old nor current institutions having anything to do with monarchy here. I figured Rijk was still a more commonplace word in Dutch but I had no idea you called the collective of government bodies het Rijk, that's pretty cool. It makes sense that Rijk is not equally loaded as Reich then. By the way do you guys usually say "derde Rijk" or "derde Reich" analogous to how English treats it? I'm guessing the first, but I don't know why.
The US is founded on liberalism, you should check what words mean before using them.
I was wondering about the "soft boy uwu" thing. The only time I've seen it was on a trans subreddit, so I guess I'm asking where do outsiders do this? Is it tumblr?
It should be pretty easy to think back for a few months and remember that the US imposed unfair tariffs on Europe and they retaliated therefore the relationship is bad. Seems more like the Germans remembered that and the Americans didn't.
Yes they are. They have public broadcasters with an independent budget that aren't profit driven, that helps a hell of a lot.
Not a big loss, when you are paid for your time you don't have the pressure of finding the most profitable rides with as little idle time as possible so the reason to use multiple apps in the first place falls away. And before you weren't paid for the same time twice either because you can't accept rides from both at once without messing up at least one of the rides
Schön und gut beschrieben, ist halt nur dummerweise ein Verbrechen die Gewalt auf diese Art zu steigern.
But I am an international observer right now and I am wondering how your checks and balances keep failing (for instance the steel tariffs being declared on the basis of a national security emergency to bypass congress). It's not as if international observers are ignorant of the inner workings of a foreign state. So I don't see how that explains it.
I got one of these with an old password of mine. Definitely from some older breach
Greek, mathematics and geometry. You take two wells on different known points of the globe, and at the same time see in what angle the shadow falls on the bottom. With a bit of trigonometry you can calculate how much of an arc the surface of the earth makes between those points.
I think I haven't seen any problems with my Fedora 29 on Ryzen 9 2700x, even back when it was on Kernel 4.9. Are your issues hard to detect so that I could have missed them? Or maybe they are Threadripper specific?
But you could use an amazon echo or however they are callde to order your toilet papaer, so... Close enough
Unless endless nights means a nuclear winter, in which case we have a bit longer yet
&gt; their's Now that's a new one
Danke, ich bin zwar nicht betroffen bis jetzt aber es ist super zu wissen dass sowas geht! Wenn ich das mal antreffe weiss ich zwar nicht mehr wie du das gemacht hast aber ich weiss dass es sich lohnt zu suchen :)
Ich kann leider nicht direkt helfen weil ich das aufgegeben habe als ich das selbe versuchte, aber meine Alternative könnte interessant sein. Mit AutoFS kannst du ondemand mounten. Dann hebelst du auch nicht den stromsparmodus vom NAS komplett aus. Nur so als idee am Rande.
Who pees standing at home where you have to clean the mess up yourself?!
She's even cute enough to be carried both ways
I didn't notice anything in normal usage but I usually don't run dmesg when everything seems to be fine, so I can't be sure. I'm also 10'000 km away from my desktop machine at the moment so I can't check right now, sorry
Yeah I can imagine the fight over who gets custody of the carrier groups in this divorce
Bullshit, the US had a common foreign policy from the very start even before the Constitution under the Articles of Confederation. And what I'm wary of is science denialism. If I could suppress the voices of those politicians blatently lying about climate change I would. It is a question of survival now and they knowingly lead us into the abyss for their profits. I'm really fucking done with false neutrality on topics that are clear cut.
Dafür bräuchte es einen dritten button mega-block&amp;fuck-off Also echt microfonzugriff für werbung, sonst gehts noch?
No wonder there are a lot of Portuguese in Switzerland, I would want to bring some distance between me and that professor too.
I think I remember that there was a big thing for the 100th anniversary of the end of the first world war last year.
Unless he means utopian in the sense of too perfect to exist, unachievable, in which case he's just objectively wrong yet again because it exists and works quite well and, by the way, is the basis for the official definitions of pounds and feet and whatever else there is.
I'm not a women but wouldn't it depend on the individual level of discharge one experiences and whether you use pads or tampons as well? Prime reason to throw them out seems like it would be a discoloration that survives washing. At least that's what my mother and sister do.
There are very different kinds of nazi jokes. Like if someone is showing off authority and you make a deliberately out of proportion comparison to some nazi method, that can be funny. Or some sort of unexpected historical reference, like a grandpa that was actually in the Wehrmacht but you don't realize at the beginning of the joke (though by now it would have to be a great grandpa, the jokes have aged a bit). Or jokes that highlight some sort of real or imagined failure of the nazis. Those are fine and fun (though some people disagree because they think it can trivialise nazis) What is annoying are the jokes where the kernel of truth is implied to be that Germans still have some nazi qualities. Because suddenly it's not so much a nazi joke as a Germans joke. And unfortunately this is the kind of joke you are most likely to encounter once you are in a culture far enough removed from nazi history. In France and the UK the nazi jokes are generally much funnier than in the US.
I, for one, bow to the great god-cervelat in the heavens
Dromedaries are a type of camel though. Their scientific name is even ​Camelus dromedarius.
It would be copyright infringement on a commercial scale. I think this might carry a harsher sentence than theft. The distinction between copyright infringement and theft matters even if people like to paint it as a pseudo moral matter to regard them as the same.
The process of web-dl-ing is lossless, it is precisely the correct term.
Yeah my first thought was that this must be from *Kono Subarashi Sekai ni Bakuen wo - Megumin no turn*, where she still goes to school in the Crimson Village. But that also can't be because she has the eye patch already.
These moments are funny aren't they. We both assumed it would be normal to fill your car and then go in to pay, but they do it differently. Sometimes I wonder what else you just assume would ne the same but actually isn't Did you also know that apparently in some states of the US you can't pump the gas yourself?
She was dangerous ad hell anyway but with the red nails she looks even more so
My first thought was that Akko must have used up all her mana by casting Explosion so Diana has to carry her. Now I really want a picture or story of them going to Comiket together as a couple cosplaying Megumin and Darkness. Oh it would be so cute. Akko having to translate for Diana, Diana being shocked at the big city and dense population in Tokyo
I wonder how it is in France. They have high percentages of non-religious and of atheist people and they have a sizeable black population. Can anyone share any experiences? Or good articles, in French or English or German, my search is only turning up shit.
Mein Vater nutzt jetzt auch anydesk, seit teamviewer ihm kommerzielle Nutzung vorgeworfen und das Konto gesperrt hat. Er supportet wohl zu viele Leute freiwillig und gratis.
Looks slightly danish to me. He shouldn't deviate too much from the 5:4:5 ratio on the cross
Thanks captain state-the-obvious
That reminds me: My grandpa messed up with Italian Lira once. He tipped someone the equivalent of 100 pound instead of 10 pound
Yes and they utterly flood your wallet without representing much value. After two days I banished 1 and 5 yen pieces from my wallet to the little pocket within the pocket that many jeans have, to keep this mess of coins manageable. Not even the vending machines take them. In the end I dumped a handful of them into a donation box at a shrine. Afterwords I worried if this would be considered disrespectful.
That's just the thing isn't it, treating a number as iMessage enabled is inherently flawed, because it depends on the device not the number associated with the sim card. They should at least require the iMessage client on the device to periodically tell the iMessage server that it's still alive, so that the senders can retry with SMS once the iMessage client previously associated with a number is presumed dead.
That's the normie movie the post referred to
And a few "too" became "to"
Frederike is a dummy. She doesn't care that the sales date is too close, okay I get that if she's really busy, but at least when there is way too much chocolate she has to start caring, right?
An arms race is also very serious but different from a war, I don't get what good the conflation of terms is supposed to do us.
Yeah making such easy to disprove lies is quite unprofessional for a politician. The professional ones at least make it hard to pinpoint the lies
Stop with the military worship already. Or rather recruiters leave reddit alone, it's fucking annoying.
When you say it's exactly the same what part of the specification of the sticks are you referring to?
Ha I knew that garage was familiar
It wouldn't work. The problem is it doesn't unpixelate back to the original image, that's impossible, it fills the pixelated bits with something that would make sense based on the context it learned from hundreds of other examples where it had both the real and the pixelated version. If you apply this to each frame you get lots of different unpixelated inferred genitals but they wouldn't really relate in a sensible way from frame to frame, because they would be independent guesses. So at best you would have similar results between frames but it would certainly be flickering at the least. You need a modified algorithm that infers information on a previous frame plus it's learned internal knowledge.
The only thing missing in this demonstration is the force translation effect\* between a large diameter and small diameter repository. I would have enjoyed it if there was a short and stout syringe and a really long narrow one connected to each other in there. \* I have no idea how this is called properly, please tell me what the right term is if you know.
&gt; What's Farhennhite based on Nowadays, like all imperial measurements, it's based on the official metric units from the International System of Units and nothing else. For temperature that means it's based on Kelvin. By definition: 32°F = 273.15 K as the fixed point and 1.8°F = 1 K for the scale.
273.15 you lost the second decimal there
This is true actually, despite the downvotes. These days both Degrees Celsius and Degrees Fahrenheit are defined in terms of Kelvin, which in turn is defined by absolute zero as a fixed point and the scale is given by defining the Kelvin in terms of the Joule and the Bolzman constant since this May.
People are too stupid. They have a simplistic model of the world, such that they think there are healthy foods and others. A healthy diet to them is one where they ingest many of the "healthy foods". Sometimes you even hear people thinking by eating "healthy food" in addition to the other crap they are improving their diet. Advertising is partially to blame too. Those sugary fruit drink packs for instance. They lean heavily on promoting all the vitamins that are contained, and as a result people think they are doing their kids a favour by having them drink the sugary shit instead of water for breakfast.
"schweizerdeutsche" is an adjective
&gt; Hashtags im Reddit-Titel Das lassen wir aber lieber oder? Sieht doch scheisse aus.
At least this shit required some independent thought by the marketers. It's a weird kind of creative but at least it's not boring.
This is like me today writing a neural network for text sentiment analysis.
I bet this is from some porn site.
That doesn't matter much. The normal voters are just pawns that are bought with campaign ads. The real constituency of the party are the people with the money to buy campaign ads and media companies.
"Mi chiamo Peter, io sono a Venezia per..." This is literally the way we make fun of Germans who claim that they learned to speak Italian in my Swiss family. It's such a classic, they just can't drop the pronoun. To do it while claiming to be Italian is even better. The moment I read that I knew this was an American haha.
Peninsula? I don't see how the Balkan region is a peninsula.
Part of the issue is that people don't distinguish between concentration camps (Konzentrationslager) and extermination camps (Vernichtungslager).
I think it's good. Religiosity should not be visible in public services. Those workers are the faces of the government and as long as they play that role they have to represent religious neutrality. As soon as they clock out and become generic citizens again they can resume living their religious life. It's not too much to ask, to refrain from it for those eight hours during which you are a public servant. Those who think it is too much to ask need to do another job.
How does it do inter-core communication? Hearing you talking about sel4 really makes it obvious to me how much barrelfish (which I am most familiar with) has really taken from it, so now I wonder if sel4 also has a monitor running in userspace for inter-core communication or how they manage.
Not multilib, which is what ubuntu is doing now that is causing concern.
This looks like Japan to me. Do they have native boars?
Technically this is a left-eye-dominant problem, not a lefty problem. I'm a lefty but right-eye-dominant so I don't have the ejection port problem. However I still had an issue in the beginning: Holding a SG550 in my right while reloading with my left. My right was too weak. (Swiss Army) The Austrian kids have it better. Their service weapon, the Steyr AUG, is ambidextrous with a switchabel ejection port and also a bit shorter and lighter, that would solve both problems.
Ah I guess the Kanji and the Han sign for exit are identical. I should have expected that. Thanks for the info
Nice
Well continuing the trend of the first two insulting entries: Cheapo DIY-kit
No their department had bought a printer including its OS, the money wasn't the problem. He wanted to write add on scripts like he had on the old one, like a system that would inform you of your print job finishing by mail for example, but the company the new printer came from would not give them the source, claiming they had only bought the binary.
Ihr seid so schlimm wie die Franzmänner, das wúrde mir schon zu denken geben
&gt; let's not all pretend we wouldn't be using macOS if you could get it for any old hardware without 24 hours on TonyMacX86. I wouldn't even be using macOS if I could install it for free on any machine of mine with a snap of my fingers right now. Never would I want to go to the walled garden of my own volition. Full of "easy" interfaces that hide all but the most mainstream of workflows, and polished surfaces that helpfully hide errors from you so things fail nice and silently. No thanks. I much prefer rough edges and exposed interfaces. I can't even stand Gnome for the same reason. Also you kind of left out in your critique of linux distros package managers that neither macOS nor Windows even have package managers. App stores that can't have new repos added and only distribute software of the vendors choosing from developers who have bought their way in and hardly count as package managers. That's just a digital storefront with an autoupdater. Do they even do dependency resolution? I doubt it.
SteamOS is already Debian based. I don't think they ever recommended Ubuntu over it
"Was letzte Preis" im Futur ist super
Not the only use case, but 32 bit games are a significant chunk of their supported games, just throwing that away would be a giant waste
Curfew is weird. I was 16 or 17, visiting the US with my dual-citizen friend and we wanted to see a big ass Walmart at one o'clock in the night, because Switzerland doesn't really do overnight supermarkets, just convenience stores. We didn't know the US had a curfew and I didn't even know the English word at the time, so we were really confused when a cop stopped us on our way to Walmart on foot. He let us go after being convinced we were essentially tourists staying at my friend's grandma's house. We don't have curfew in Switzerland and this restriction seemed really ill fitting considering the US using freedom in its branding so much.
My police encounter was nine years ago in Michigan, a bit west of Detroit but I don't remember what the place was called. I was just a tourist so I don't know what law the cop was using, or if it was local, state or federal
So whenever you guys hug her titties get hit by good vibes, kinky
It's nice that even our liberals see the need for some hard regulation when it's appropriate and not just "individual responsibility"
Right? I'm a Swiss and German dual citizen and none of the German or Swiss dog owners I know (about 10 families total) have crates for their dogs (except for transport perhaps) and all are well behaved and properly potty trained.
Sounds like they had a bit more luck with Mike compared to the author of the Witcher books
I imagine as a developer it would give you pretty strong cognitive dissonance to try to implement a system that allows transhumanist body modifications but at the same time enforces a binary view on gender. Like imagine saying: "It's fine if we give him mechanical lungs and heart that pump 20% more oxygen trough his body. That makes for a cool concept for a stats boost. Just make sure the lungs fit under the original rib cage, without expanding it, we wouldn't want others to think he has tits, that's unnatural."
No it's precisely the other way around, I'm countering the premise two comments above &gt; 100% of people I know who didn't crate train thier dogs either [do shitty thing A] or [do shitty thing B] You should follow the context of the comment chain before attacking people.
She hates conventional bombs. She thinks they make explosions profane by taking the magic out of it. And she likes being unique in her abilities.
Life is Strange, I cried at the end I replayed it a few times but the impact is not the same once you know the story.
In the sense of swaying their opinions from one camp to the other? Or are you also counting those who stayed in their camp but became more or less secure in their position?
To be fair, you would probably study this one no matter which side you'd like to be on in the end
I feel your pain buddy. Came here from Animemes too and I have already had to stop myself from necroposting 3 times.
&gt;fear from the possible ~sanctions~ consequences People always make it sound like the negative consequences of breaking international contracts are uncertain. It's right in there, if we do not implement the new rules within the timeframe of two years our membership terminates half a year later. The only exception is if within 90 days after the timeframe has passed the other Schengen states unanimously decide to do something else. So instead of "maybe there are some negative consequences" it's more like "unless something exceptional happens from the other parties we're definitely out"
Wow I sure don't care about an Americans interpretation of our politics. They are generally 50% wrong about anything foreign to the US anyway and then you add in the way they treat the gun debate as if it was the most important topic ever with politicians shooting guns in their tv spots to show off how seriously they take this - that's how you get the perfect storm of journalistic drivel.
Heisst das wenn man wirklich wissen will ob es sich lohnt aufzumachen sollte man die Temperatur und relative Luftfeuchtigkeit drinnen und draussen messen, die Taupunkte ausrechnen und wenn der draussen niedriger ist die Fenster aufmachen?
In der Schweiz haben wir auch einen Bussgeldkatalog. Erst was da nicht drinsteht und vom Richter verhängt wird, wird mit Tagessätzen berechnet.
Man sollte die Gemeindeordnung so anpassen, dass sie explizit den Handschlag bei gewählten Mitgliedern verfassungskonformer Parteien weiter vorsieht um das Problem so richtig schön auf den Punkt zu bringen.
&gt;Oder eben fix ein Ersatz-Kabel oder ähnliches zu holen, worauf man nicht 2-3 Tage warten kann. Hab ich mal versucht, aber der Mediamarkt hatte keine SATA Kabel. Seither habe ich den Laden komplett aufgegeben.
Ist es nicht geradezu erstaunlich dass alle anderen im Saal sich kontrollieren konnten und ihm keiner in die Fresse gehauen hat? Da wird ein Politikerkollege von einem Nazi ermordet und dieser Pisser stellt sich vorn hin und will es als Vogelschiss abtun?
You are absolutely right. Regardless of how he played and whether he broke the Rust terms of service, he still holds intelectual property rights over the works he created and he do not infringe on Facepunch's IPR. The only possible angle of attack is claiming them to be unauthorized derivative works not protected by fair use. But firstly video game footage is substantially transformed from an interactive to a linear medium and secondly especially in the case of a sandbox game the footage is not a substitution good for the game.
Holy fucking shit this is terrible
When I was in Tokyo I felt really bad about my smell compared to the locals'. Those crowded subways made me sweat so much. On my second day I bought an extra deodorant to keep in my backpack to reapply during my busy days of running around as a tourist.
I think it references one of the schools in Girls und Panzer, from which the picture stems. https://gup.fandom.com/wiki/Pravda_Girls_High_School
The art-style in this picture reminds me of K-On, is that also true for the series as a whole?
I mean without teeth of course!
You said 8KiB twice
ASCII is a wrong assumption, it can't be. For instance, the Etymology section of the article on Thailand is as follows: &gt; Thailand (/ˈtaɪlænd/ TY-land or /ˈtaɪlənd/ TY-lənd; Thai: ประเทศไทย, RTGS: Prathet Thai, pronounced [pratʰêːt tʰaj]), officially the Kingdom of Thailand (Thai: ราชอาณาจักรไทย, RTGS: Ratcha-anachak Thai [râːtt͡ɕʰaʔaːnaːt͡ɕàk tʰaj], Chinese: 泰国), formerly known as Siam (Thai: สยาม, RTGS: Sayam [sajǎːm]), is a country at the centre of the Indochinese peninsula in Southeast Asia. It's probably UTF-8 but since a great majority of all the letters in the English Wikipedia text will be represented in a single byte with UTF-8 as well it doesn't influence your estimate.
You compress structure not individual letters. If you think about the number of all possible combinations of letters vs the number of valid words of the same length there is a huge difference there right? We can use that because we know we don't need to encode the invalid words (let's say we count misspellings as valid words too) So you can collect all the words in the document and build a dictionary. Maybe it's around 100'000-200'000 words for such a large corpus. if you number the words in your dictionary the highest will have the number 200'000. That means now you have at most an 18bit number to represent each word. So for every word that is longer than two letters you have a more efficient representation and you could replace the words that are sufficiently long with a control character plus their number. That's a compressed plaintext for you. Now the way common compression algorithms do this is more clever. Like you don't look at words like humans would but at sequences of bytes instead and build dictionaries over those. And you only take those sequences into your dictionary that appear often enough in the text that they are worth a dictionary slot. You make sure that the most common get the shortest codewords. You use a good variable length encoding so you don't need to spend valuable bytes on control characters.
~~Girls und Panzer~~, but I wouldn't know which book specifically Edit: That was wrong see below
https://www.reddit.com/r/Animemes/comments/c79huq/cyka_blyat/esercyz/ I think he's right and it's not Girls und Panzer
"Your other granny" threw me for a loop because it's kind of an unspecific thing to say to someone who likely has three grannies. Unless the grandparents on the other side of the family are gay men by chance.
"distraught" is an adjective, you can't be "in distraught"
&gt;Your RAM was fine before your upgrade right? He won't be using the same RAM on Zen+ as he had on Haswell, because the latter uses ddr3 and the former ddr4
You are getting a lot of terrible advice here from people who don't bother to carefully read all your comments It is very obvious that you don't have enough RAM to hold the game and whatever else you are usually running in the background. Maybe you have swap turned off and the game fails to allocate memory and terminates or maybe the game just terminates as it notices that you start swapping. This is the only explanation that makes sense with the razor cortex game desktop. Skimping out on RAM like that was a terrible idea my man. Who the hell recommended that to you.
I agree with you. It's so obvious, but I guess everyone can't help but relate this issue to their own experiences with ryzen ram overclocking.
It obviously isn't. Haswell was DDR3. He got new RAM and less than he had before
Like one of these hentais where the MC is the only man on the island and they all want him
The emergency physician who came to tend to OPs grandfather was the same guy who is also the president of the central council of jews in Germany, in his free time. This position apparently paints enough of a target on his back that he had police protection on that day. OPs father didn't know that and tried to send the police agents away at first, because he thought they had nothing to do on the scene of a purely medical emergency. Turns out they DOWORKHERELADY by protecting Dr. Josef Schuster, as he saves people. Here is Dr. Josef Schusters bio on the council website: https://www.zentralratderjuden.de/der-zentralrat/praesidenten/praesident/
https://www.zentralratderjuden.de/der-zentralrat/praesidenten/praesident/ Here is his bio on the councils website. It says there that he had the position since 2014 and won the vote for another four years on 25th of November 2018. http://www.praxis-doktor-schuster.de/ His practice website. It doesn't seem to list other doctors, so if the practice is running he must be active there too. Being president of the central council of jews in Germany is a volunteering position (it says that on the first page too). I think he does in addition to his job as a doctor. Probably quite the busy man.
What the hell is wrong with that man. Look, just demanding and expecting sexual activities is not how it works in a healthy relationship. It should be something that happens when both partners want it. (And sure sometimes you might not be super aroused yourself and just do it for the partner, that's fine too. I (26M) have been in that position too, not enough energy or lust for real sex but still helped her out, just for her sake) But it's not a duty or anything. Whoever still think this way is stuck in time before the '68 movement. Honestly it's very disappointing to hear from such a young guy. And I fear after four years of getting his way it's not going to be possible for him to shift that perspective on you. Maybe he'll realize that he was wrong when his next partner laughs at his demands.
I'd love to have a girlfriend who is a scientist. There is nothing more interesting than an intelligent person in general, and a scientific focus would be a plus on top for me. I could listen for hours if someone passionately talks about their research.
&gt; not proportional to voters, but to landmass I thought there were two senators for each state no matter how big or small?
I rate this piece: not-yours/10
Legionnaires are normally an issue in warm but not hot enough boilers. I would guess room temperature water isn't warm enough. Even if it was though, better to get a curable infection than incurable death by fire.
There are even [tomatoe knives](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tomato_knife#/media/File:Tomato_knife.jpg) out there.
This is really funny, I just hope people get it.
Maybe if France accepts that huitante is clearly the better term than quatre vingt.
NewPipe is bae. Downloading long videos at home to watch in public transport was crucial to me when I had a limited data plan on the phone.
Downscaling doesn't make things blurry. What it can do is produce aliasing artefacts because the low resolution image can't capture as high of a spacial frequency. However on youtube it is often worth it anyway, because the higher bitrate that is allocated to high resolution video allows for a less lossy compression. It's like their bitrate ladder is a bit skewed to the benefit of higher resolution video streams
I have never head of this divide before, that is very interesting to me. So you mean that this poster would never fly in Kanto?
That doesn't help me much to be honest, I only know like two Texan stereotypes since I'm not American.
That helps, thank you
My father is an ACLS instructor (meaning he teaches other doctors how to do advanced cardiovascular life support) and just in September he told me it was still 30 compressions to two breaths even in BLS (basic life support). Only if you are incapable of doing the breathing they ask to at least do the compressions rather than doing nothing.
Talking about blame is missing the point.
You are sick, that's an innocent child
Bullshit, "preying on their need" what are you on about? There is a plentiful free supply online, the people who enter this transaction are doing it entirely voluntarily
You think they all can? I don't. However let's assume for a moment you were right, then what does it mean? Poverty doesn't force people into service, because they could also get a job instead, but the combination of the choices they have being so shit and the lies the recuruiters tell being so convincing that they join anyway? That would mean there is still a massive problem of poverty driving people into risking their life in the military.
She would fall off if it was remote controlled
What I expect is for people to not own guns if they can't handle them
A garrotting scarf!
Nein offenbar verstehst du nicht richtig. Alle Zeitungen von Murdoch geben einer spezifischen Nachricht, die sogar International sehr grosse Beachtung findet überraschend niedriges Gewicht
Ich habe den Eindruck hier geht es eher um den potentiellen Absatzmarkt. Der Fleischersatz hat doch ne riesige Zielgruppe.
Das wär doch dann ein gutes Signal, weil es Preissensibilität in der Zielgruppe beweist die man mit einem gleich guten aber noch günstigerem Produkt ausnutzen kann.
Andere Viecher. It's Viecher all the way down, young man!
I'm 186 cm and I mostly just wonder why everyone is giving their height in [arcminutes and arcseconds](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Minute_and_second_of_arc).
Stimmt und Ueli | Ulli
People go back to edit, once the bot has responded
You have to get the blockage out manually, before more pieces break off it, tavel into the cerebral artery as well and the patient strokes to death.
I think it's still war because language is defined by usage and one countries legal system can't override the definition that is in common usage in English world wide.
I never knew Northern Territory isn't a state. How come? Is there a movement for statehood?
Not underwater. I have a friend who built a flying and diving drone as a semester project. Any kind of EM signal has a hard time underwater
No you need to turn it so your front wheels hit the curb immediately if the car starts going downhill.
I got unlucky in the army once. I was driving a light troop carrier truck (Bucher Duro, 3t, 2+14 seats) downhill in the alps. And apparently I had gotten one of the more broken ones on that day. One of the fuses blew and my engine died, in the middle of a construction site where it was only one lane with alternating traffic, so I decided I had to keep going until there was space to stop on the side. That part went fine even if I had to hammer the brakes a bit much. Then we switched in a new fuse hoping we might reach the logistics base which luckily was down in the city we were driving towards anyway. So I started going again. As soon as I engaged the engine brake, the fuse blew again, so on the plus side I knew what not to do, but the minus side was that we were going over a bridge with just two lanes and no space for stopping, still downhill. But we could see a little parking space after the bridge on the right, I would just have to go right in a T intersection and the immediately go right again to enter the space. So I had to manage two 90° turns without powersteering or powerbraking in a 3t vehicle without braking so much that we would stop before reaching the parking. I warned my colleagues in the back to hold on, grabbed the steering wheel on the left with both hands and got ready to rip it around while braking down to maybe 10 km/h. Then at the T intersection I ripped it around with all my might, pulled back to straigthen and pulled to the right again to enter the parking space, where I could finally stomp the brake. Edit: Here I found the space on google maps: https://maps.app.goo.gl/g1A8ynLTQCj5KUqg7 It turns out I had to go right 3 times, I didn't even remember that
The US produced 16.1 tons of carbon dioxide per person in the year 2018. My country (Switzerland) had 4.8, Italy had 5.8, Germany had 9.1, France had 5.0, Austria had 8.2. So your claim of being better than any European country on carbon emissions is not just untrue, because my country had less, no, every single neighbor country of mine also beat your bullshit.
Acting as if this situation was all Irans fault is not apt.
Somehow there are three different color gradings in these four shots. That's not great.
Ah okay good. Kind of weird what the kids are up to, but at least the show is properly produced after all.
&gt;Most die of old age (many years) and some within 6 months, close to never inbetween. The bathtub curve in action
There is no Georgia north of Albania. Georgia is east of the Black Sea while Albania borders the Adriatic Sea.
Ich hatte schon bei mehreren Installationen Probleme bim Sprung von Windows 7 zu Windows 10. Ich habe den Eindruck der Upgradeprozess funktioniert da einfach nicht sauber
It's all equally important. As soon as one of the three is wrong you have the wrong date. The year is merely the one that most often can be inferred from context.
Friday I held open a section of human carcass so that the surgeon I'm working with could have a look at the pelvis bone through the Microsoft Hololens. I'm a programmer, a week ago I did not expect to be doing that... ever. That was some memento I tell you.
I don't get how this makes sense. If it's hard to lead that would make it more likely to not "do the right thing".
I wish it looked like this currently. It's just cold, but no snow
This was a really cool story. It hits the whole fuck yeah humans angle so well. It's of the stories where I send the link to my friend whom I'm have been trying to show that this subreddit is super worth subscribing to.
By definition. The scoring is actually updated as better conditions worldwide push the average test results upwards, to keep the average IQ score at 100. The IQ distribution is modeled to be a gaussian curve with 100 as the average and 10 or 15 depending on which scale is used as the standard deviation.
It's zero two from darling in the franxx.
That's not even a joke that's just answering to the best of your ability. You can hardly be expected tell a cop about the warrants you don't know about. That cop was tripping if he takes that as a reason to need to cover his own ass.
Did you just write "though" as "do"? I get "tho" but "do" doesn't even sound similar?
Weisst du noch in Inglourius Basterds, wo der Frederik Zoller der heldenhafte Scharfschütze sich an Shoshana ranmacht? Der erzählt auch irgendwas von Riefenstahl, ich glaube in Shoshanas Kino läuft ein Riefenstahl film, Piz Palü vielleicht.
The caption even spells out seaports, something doesn't add up
I just wonder how you can be surrounded by a single other person. Does she get streched?
My pleasure, now at least my theoretical informatics class had one concrete use :)
Registered independent? What kind of weird shit is the US voting system up to this time?
The beginning was weird, is she trying to murder her tits by strangulation? That's not hot, it looks painful.
You're talking about different things. He said AR you said VR. In AR forgetting reality isn't really that easy
Are there any big and safe enough for human flight?
Aren't you losing the plosive sound in your description? /pteˈron/ is the IPA for pterón, so I don't think -pter should be reduced to -tare
Wow what?! That's incredible I didn't know that English butchered those two words. So I think joke's on you because I actually learned something instead of having wasted time
Looks to me like specifically the esperanto version is dangerous. English (.org), German (.de) and French (.fr) sites look good to me. The download archive seems to be on .org regardless of which language site you're looking at.
I work in a hospital research group and we use 7-zip too (but mostly with zip and rar)
I like this one too. Just not for forms though
After 130 or so I started having to guess quite often. But the first 100 were too easy, I made three errors and I'm not even a native speaker
A German Youtuber, Mai Nguyen, said it was like saying Nürnberg but leaving out the berg. It doesn't work when you say "Nuremberg" like an American though.
I didn't push on friday and it's kind of made me nervous when I noticed. Pretty irrational but still
I don't know who says ONO, but if it's in German that would mean Ost-Nordost, East-Northeast, not west. East-Northeast is halfway between East and Northeast. 67.5 degrees to the right from North. However if it's French that would be Ouest-Nordouest, then you'd be right. That would be halfway between West and Northwest, it would be 67.5 degrees to the left of north, or a heading of 292.5 degrees.
Wtf. Idiotische Antwort.
You must have not paid attention. I definitely saw it happening
I didn't either. I was in the Swiss military
So annoying when you flip your car 180° and it still doesn't fit
People, if you are in Germany or Switzerland please follow the local rule of moving to the left in the leftmost lane or to the right in all others. Otherwise you'll be smack dab in the middle of the emergency corridor if you were in the leftmost lane.
You have to admit the source quality is pretty shit in this one. It's much harder to do accurate edge detection if the edges are blurry, but that's what you need to do to figure out the correct movement
Bad performance fine obviously, but the bugs in dev, that sounds bad to me. In my experience it's easiest to fix a bug shortly after you made it. Not years later before you need to release
The US is seriously so fucked. How are you ever getting out of that poisonous two party situation? I have been thinking about this for a while but I just don't see a viable path, everything is so entrenched and neither party has a good incentive for reform
That's a weird license. It's like MIT or BSD 2 clause except less professional and with a weird naming rule injected
First of all it's "GB" not "gb", because small b is bits, secondly there is no way you have a two hour video that has hundreds of gigabytes, you probably meant megabytes (MB), and thirdly you don't do that kind of shit with a webservice, just download the video and do the processing locally with any decent video editor, for example Blender or Shotcut or Openshot, all three of these are free.
You need to read the article, your first question doesn't make sense
That's Japanese style for instance. I have a soba sauce bottle at home that is good until 20-02-16. Twenty-one days from now apparently
Tell that to Jeremy Kappell
Geiselhaft meinst du, gegen Schutz wäre ja nichts einzuwenden
I like it, it's cute. I hope they do a flashback chapter, I'd like to know how they met
Because they spoke Japanese if they were second generation and Banzai is a pretty good battlecry.
That's not a paradox if you use a reasonable definition of feminism instead of the tumblr extremist definition.
You wrote "person" instead of "perform"
Same here in Switzerland. My one flatmate was supposed to go to Shanghai on Friday and she wanted to bring masks for her family, but you can't buy them in Zürich. She tried five apothecaries.They were all out.
They call that itasha in Japanese. The literal translation is painful car.
Seh ich auch so, nur in der Schweiz.
You should have put earth's speech bubble a bit higher
"Well it's been reported to be not working as of right now, the clock just started"
A dog walker who doesn't walk the dog, interesting concept
Nice haha ich dachte erst da hockt einer drin
Even going right-to-left you still go top-down
Parts of countries don't generally get to just vote for their independance, see catalonia. It's kind of weird to me, because I thought there was the right to self governance codified in the EUHR, but maybe that means something different from what I thought
Even if that was true, so what? If at any point more that half of Scots want out then why should they be bound by the earlier descision? Is there some magical component to democracy where the will of the people in the past matters more than the current will of the people?
Ja die KathrinPissinger hat auch ne Weile hier gepostet (ein Jahr her, wenn du mal runterscrollen willst). Sie hatte nicht so viel Upvote-Erfolg, aber dein Freund solls doch mal versuchen.
Peak
If officers who do this start getting shot I won't be surprised or feel bad.
So how does this help?
Es sind eher kleinere Zellen als eine grosse Organisation. Eine kleine Liste gibts hier zu sehen: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ku_Klux_Klan#Current_Klan_organizations
Not "state owned", that gives the wrong impression, as if it was controlled media. You call this type of outlet a "public broadcaster" in English. DW is part of ARD and is funded by public money but not controlled politically. That's also why the budget of those media outlets is collected independently of taxes, to permit the least possible amount of influence by politicians.
amazingly fake-deep comparison mate
As if the law supported that. If you willfully bring yourself to a place of danger where it is forseeable that you would have to use lethal force in self defense, that's a form of premediation and extinguishes your right to self defense.
Tone deaf? Do they believe their story or what?
Du bist ja nicht der der getroffen wird. Grosse Reden schwingen und anderen sagen sie sollen sich gefälligst mehr blaue Flecken holen. Idiot.
Ah okay thanks for the overview
If this is the alternative then you should be allowing destruction, yes. This level of force upon people only potentially guilty of adding to the graffiti is not justifiable. There was no immediate need to clear the area or concrete danger to any person, so teargas is not justified. It's pretty simple.
That's not even crowd control, that's just extrajudicial punishment.
Man I wish someone had kicked that murderer in the face. Maybe George Floyd could have survived. Then again we might have two dead citizens then.
&gt;Switzerland consists of people from different countries, but still 65% Christian, 28% non affiliated, and all white. Sounds pretty homogeneous. I can only laugh at you Americans when you say things like this. Switzerland even fought itself over religion. Switzerland has 25% foreigners. We have 4 national languages with the people accordingly influenced by the politics of the respective neighboring countries that share their language. Your concept of race is very American centered. Just because people from the Balkans of from Nothern Africa don't have very dark skin doesn't mean there isn't a huge cultural clash between the immigrants from there and the natives. We have over 5% muslims you only have 1%.
The man child in this comment section seems to be someone else
&gt;Harper states Yuen was the shooter while he was aiding the officer. He did not say that. Read it more carefully. He got shot by Yuen when he asked why they would shoot a boy in the head. His help to the officer happened earlier on the same day.
I don't quite get it. I thought having a gun was okay in the US? There was no other mention of any crime right? I know he didn't even have one, but let's say he did have one, then what?
Meine haben einen Bügel der zu kurz ist für meinen riesen Zinken. Aber wenn ich die Brille etwas tiefer setze, damit mehr Luft nach oben entweichen kann gehts
Wenn das funktioniert bist du mein Held
My mom did that after we came back from Australia, but at least there was no meridian.
If this is the response anyway then it's not really worth throwing something as soft as water
&gt; not allowed to have a rebel flag You'd think it would be obvious to any US military member not to fly the vanquished enemy's flag lol. They wouldn't fly the Iraqi or Libyan flag either.
&gt; "It's offensive to me, it's offensive to me!" Who cares? Where does he get the idea from that his neighbors should care about his sensibilities in their political messaging? "Your offense is irrelevant to my free expression"
How can it be explained that D.C. has a curfew, aren't they under exclusive jusrisdiction of congress?
&gt;Oh, but yeah if you get a flat tire just throw on this tiny ass spare that is much smaller and thinner than the other 3 tires, it'll be fine. You're supposed to only go slow and get a new wheel with the stub. It's not really in contradiction to the "four new wheels for awd" argument they make, because presumably you'll want to drive those new wheels at 90 miles per hour.
Gutes Beispiel. Weisst du zufällig was das Ergebnis in Kassel war? Edit: Ich habe selber versucht was zu finden, aber es scheint noch keine Neuigkeiten zu geben
Mine too and it was on by default, I didn't realize. How dumb is that
I went looking but I can't find that. Article 1 section 8 clause 17 gives Congress the exclusive legislation over D.C. But then later Amendment 1 simply limits Congress in its lawmaking ability, without specifying that this limitation only applies to federal law. So why wouldn't the limits in Amendment 1 also apply to Article 1 section 8 clause 17?
It's funny how you add this info as if it wasn't already in the link and get upvoted for it. That goes to show how few people read the article.
&gt;She said she worried that all the hard work and fighting she did was for nothing. I worry that it is for nothing anyway. Since the 70s has the military even worked to defend? It just looks like projection of force and failed nation building resulting in terrorism instead.
Soldiers have a duty to stand down upon an unlawful order. You know nothing
You're not wrong, that's in the first link he sent.
Maybe "law and order" should be imposed on the police first, but that's never what they mean when they use the "law and order" dogwhistle
Can you point out where exactly the police have learned their lesson? You said everybody had learned their lesson.
"Thees guy is not wearing a mosque" Funny accent
Okay gut, das Problem kenne ich. Das erklärt es. Letzthin habe ich in englischem Kontext eine Klassifikation von Bewertungen gesehen die in "pos", "neg" und "neu" eingeteilt hat und mich auch gewundert wieso da auf einmal Deutsch "neu" steht.
Ha das kommte mir alles sehr bekannt vor. Ich hatte auch das Duopol von [Kindersachbuch](https://www.amazon.com/Alles-was-ich-wissen-will/dp/3473552631) und Kinderbibel und habe dann meine Mutter zum Urknall befragt. Auch Dawkins mit 17-18 und so ist genau gleich gelaufen. Der Unterschied ist dass ich immernoch ein bisschen Kantenfürst bin.
Ich musste im Reliunterricht mal aufschreiben was ich von der Geschichte der Auferstehung die wir gelesen haben halte. Ich war als Kind schon sicher dass es nicht sein kann dass er tot war und dann nichtmehr. Also habe ich geschrieben ich glaube nicht dass das so passiert ist, aber natürlich glaube ich schon an Jesus. Die Lehrerin hat zum Glück nichts gesagt.
If they fish it out in a few months and put it in a museum the little placard is going to be extra interesting though.
It's surprising that we don't see more mob justice against these types of officers. I feel like the French antifa would have thrown paint at their homes or burned their personal cars by now if those were French cops.
Due process seems to not be working (in this case a combination of: charges dropped, not guilty, not charged), so people feel powerless and hopeless, so they lash out. It's dangerous to plug the valve of orderly justice.
I'm just an observer from outside. I'm not planning to visit the US anymore. I'm very disillusioned.
Du widersprichst ihm ja gar nicht. Er hat einen Grund genannt wieso auch Reizstoffe im Krieg verboten sind (wegen des Potentials für Eskalation bei Missverständnis des Tränengaseinsatzes als first-use eines tödlichen Gases). Und darauf reagierst du mit "Nein die sind verboten"? Das macht keinen Sinn.
&gt; As an Indian, I'll say all parts of the country have strong sense of nationalism in spite of huge cultural and language differences. Except if they are muslim, then Modi tries to take away their citizenship.
Part of it is the fat. The more fat you have on your face the less the form of your bones defines your features. I see it on myself, my facial features were more defined before I piled on my freshman fifteen.
I'm not sure that's true. For example there is the [Protocol II of the Geneva conventions](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Additional_Protocol_II), that specifically concerns non-international armed conflicts Edit: I'm not saying the current state is an armed conflict. Just pointing out that legally mandated war may not be necessary in general. Of course the United States, India, Pakistan, Turkey, Iran, Iraq, Syria and Israel haven't ratified this Protocol, so it's not a great example anyway.
Dann verrat uns den Grund, wenn wir offenbar alle falsch informiert sind.
I'm confused. The executive is asking the judiciary to make something legal? That sounds like a legislative job.
No it's not that one, that had a male rider
Herbals aren't necessarily alternative medicine. Velvet bean extract is still being studied. In [this study of 18 people taking single doses](https://n.neurology.org/content/89/5/432.short) they demonstrate good results at 90 and 180 minutes after taking a single dose. However 7 of 14 people in [this study of 14 people taking multiple doses](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/29352722/) had to stop taking it due to tolerability issues. If they can overcome that and prove it in studies with larger sample sizes the extract could make it into an ordinarily scheduled drug yet. Then it would just be medicine. For now it's evidently safer to use levodopa pills. This is how the process of research works and what makes medicine trustworthy.
Are there any schools where English is not on the curriculum?
It's immoral to annex sovereign countries. The right to self determination of peoples is part of the european convention on human rights. Wars of aggression are against the very foundation of the UN. Chapter seven of the charter is all about dealing with aggression. The judgement of the Nürnberg trials stated it quite nicely: "War is essentially an evil thing. Its consequences are not confined to the belligerent states alone, but affect the whole world. To initiate a war of aggression, therefore, is not only an international crime; it is the supreme international crime differing only from other war crimes in that it contains within itself the accumulated evil of the whole."
&gt;You can't beat people for not agreeing with their ideas. [Sure you can.](https://m.worldstarhiphop.com/android/video.php?v=wshh3Vi9njrqnIa8Q7WR) But now being serious for a minute, some ideas are just not debatable in a democratic system. Democracy itself and the right of everyone to their life and dignity. Otherwise you can run into the paradox of telerance. I think German constitutional law really got that one right. The democratic state does not tolarate challenges to democracy or any suggestion of genocide. Those working to abolish democracy or rebuild a fascist system are punished. (Though the constitutional court has even been lenient on the NPD for example, saying they may be against democracy but not significant enough to warrant a ban) There is much more of a moral duty to uphold a free democratic system than to allow nazis to spread their fundamentally immoral beliefs. Therefore I think it is best to supress any movements of the sort right in the beginning, before they have a chance to grow.
That's the trick, man. They would do the silencing to you either way. And I can prove it with the best example in history you could wish for. &gt; Wenn unsere Gegner sagen: Ja, wir haben Euch doch früher die […] Freiheit der Meinung zugebilligt – –, ja, Ihr uns, das ist doch kein Beweis, daß wir das Euch auch tuen sollen! […] Daß Ihr das uns gegeben habt, – das ist ja ein Beweis dafür, wie dumm Ihr seid! &gt; -- Joseph Goebbels My translation: When our enemies say: "But we have granted you the [...] freedom of opinion in the past" - - Yes, you granted it to us, that's not proof that we should grant it to you! [...] That you granted it to us, - that is simply proof for how dumb you are! -- Joseph Goebbels
&gt; And now they use the laws and power YOU helped give to them to silence YOU. [I replied to your other comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/PublicFreakout/comments/h0dq70/kkk_is_here_to_stay_and_this_was_in_rome_ga/ftmd37j/?context=1), with proof why that argument fails
Yeah because the major powers are immoral cesspools. That shouldn't inform the Swiss perspective.
&gt; So you're saying who cares what laws we institute No that goes too far. You need to be restrictive in your approach, lest you forget yourself. The goal is to make sure you only suppress that which has the potential to make democratic descisions impossible, to dispose of the democratic system your freedom relies on. &gt; Should we use bad tactics just because our enemy would do that to us given the chance Yes! That is specifically what the [Paradox of Tolerance](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paradox_of_tolerance) is about. If you don't make an exception from tolerance to protect the very foundation of a tolerant society then you lose the option of even being tolerant for everyone. &gt; It's like, oh we can bomb a middle eastern town and who cares if we kill innocent children, because if they had the bombs and the means, they'd kill our children without hesitation. It's quite a lot different. You're not targetting innocent opinions here, only those who try to undermine the core of democracy. Those who work to bring back a dictatorship, or whatever other non-paritcipatory form of government. And the slope really isn't as slippery as people say. Constitutional courts are not that easily swayed. Like I said, in Germany they even refrained from banning the [NPD](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Democratic_Party_of_Germany), despite finding them anti-democratic, just because they are not considered at present to be a concrete danger to democracy.
Wieso stimmt man darüber ab? Kann ja eigentlich nur sein weil nichts davon belegt ist, ne? Aber so weit denken die Aluhutis wohl nicht
Apparently not even Americans understand the weird american racial categorization system. That's good to see because this shit has never made sense to me.
That's ridiculous, I don't even see which part of this was illegal. It's not like he tried to pass it off as real money, he simply asked if he could buy something with that. Asking if you can use an unusual form of payment can't be illegal. Can you imagine how many people asked if they could pay with bitcoin and shop personell didn't know what that meant in the last few years. And 15 pieces of fake money in good condition might theoretically be equal in worth to some candy (1 or 2 CHF) if Volg was up for bartering. It would be fun to sue the police to give the play money back. Just for the principle of the thing. The play money is neither evidence of a crime nor is there reasonable suspicion that it would be used for a crime. The very fact that it was documented to be play money proves that it doesn't hold up to even cursory inspection and so it can't be fake money.
I don't understand how the US - nine weeks after the peak in the US - has only reduced the number of daily infections to two thirds of the peak. In nine weeks Italy went down to one tenth of its peak! Germany to one thirteenth!
This is a bond hearing, it doesn't decide guilt
Prove it. Did you even open the link? &gt; These same documents show moderators were also told to censor political speech in TikTok livestreams, punishing those who harmed “national honor” or broadcast streams about “state organs such as police” with bans from the platform.
Reference shirts need to be printed upside dow so s9u can read them easily
Maybe not a bad developer, but any computer scientist needs to know Big O, Big Theta and Big Omega
Italy and Germany took full assed measures and got their daily infection rate down to 10% of what they were at peak in the nine weeks after peak. The US is taking half assed measures and getting half assed results. Namely 65% daily rate of infection compared to peak in the nine weeks after. But that's hardly unexpected. China took double assed measures and actively suppressed its population, of course they are going to do much better.
Sprays, skins and operators were a mistake.
[No they have not](https://blog.counter-strike.net/index.php/2016/10/16246/)
I thought he meant our animals. Hopefully.
You can defined the beginning of CS to the first version of the Half Life mod if you like, but it doesn't really matter. What I linked is the point where the mistake of adding sprays to CSGO was made.
Holy shit when Dennis Turner goes back in and the lady from the administration asked if the restraints were necessary. "Yes. And if she was bigger she would have worn regular handcuffs." What an asshole. Seriously lacking in compassion and skill with children.
They knew it was too hot, so that's torture. That's a felony, so the homicide should be felony murder, right? How are they not in prison for 20 years?
No I meant teint. I just didn't realize this French loanword was only used in German and not in English. https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/Teint
Yeah but there is a problem with flash going away in all major browsers. Interactive content is taking a backseat to videos I think
Well done. There is a bit of clipping at 2 seconds though.
How can you call it a clone when it's not even an image host? Hardly even in the same category. It's more like snapchat or tiktok
Translation: ...prey is becoming rare. There is no feeling at all between this chameleon and its offspring. *Snatch* A little one is a source of protein like any other. *Chew chew* It is the survival instinct that guides it. Edit: Two corrections based on feedback
Ohh okay thanks. So they meant the other direction
Ah thanks. I thought it sounded more like brois than bras, but that word didn't exist. Proies makes way more sense.
I agree, they seem more rational and humanitarian, while the Church of Safan seems a bit more occult and individualistic/egoistical
Yeah if you check their websites the difference in their approaches becomes pretty apparent I think. I compared them once and the Satanic Temple appealed to me a lot more They also seem to be in disagreement quite a bit as detailed here https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Satanic_Temple#Comparison_to_LaVeyan_Satanism
What you are saying does not make sense. Only integer numbers can be even or odd. Any real number between 0 and 2 can be halfed to a real number between 0 and 1, there is no problem with the bijection
Let's say you have a herd of sheep and a herd of cows, and you don't know how to count, but you want to know which herd has more animals. What you can do is form pairs of one cow and one sheep each until you either have cows left over or sheep left over or it matches perfectly, in which case there are the same number of cows and sheep. He just gave you a way of matching up the animals in [0, 1] perfectly with those in [0, 2]. So the two herds have the same size. If you want to claim that there are more animals in the [0, 2] herd, then there should be some left over after maching the pairs. So then show me at least one that isn't matched with an animal in the [0, 1] herd.
I find it weird to call points imaginary points as if to distinguish them from... what exactly? I don't know of a point concept that has a volume, even in the "real world"
But you're using the subset relation as if those were finite sets. That doesn't prove anything.
Is Yuuko's nose wobbeling a bit? It looks like the movement doesn't quite fit the rest of the face.
Look, you have now proven that the sets [0, 1] and [1, 2] are the same size. The original comment has proven that the sets [0, 1] and [0, 2] are the same size. These are both correct at the same time. Your implicit argument was, "if I combine two sets of equal size the new size must be double." But that rule only works on finite sets. The problem is that infinite sets don't behave like finite sets. If you double a countably infinite set the new set is still contably infinite. By the pairing argument we can see that there are no leftovers in either set, so they must be equal. Now maybe that sense of equality of sizes feels a bit weird, but the thing is that there is really no great option to define it differently, otherwise you have this contradiction where you can form a bijection between two sets, (a pairing of animals) but at the same time you can't demonstrate which element in the "larger" set would be left over. That's a paradox that would give you trouble in defining all sorts of set relations on infinite sets.
In the twitter thread someone cites a statute that shows it's important who the initial agressor is. In the video OP posted here we see the lady pushing him backwards with her arms outstreached, until he overreacts and throws her on the ground. My question is, does her pushing count as initial agression, or does his throwing?
Yes that is an escalation and certainly more than reasonable force, even if a court were to find he had the right to defend himself against her pushing. But that's not what I was asking. I want to know if it could turn out that by pushing him backward like that she might have fulfilled the definition of an "initial agressor"
Also "wacker" means brave in German.
I think so. I always find it hard to represent sounds in the common alphabet while imagining how someone from another language region would interpret the sounds. Here I'm not sure you would use the right type of 'a' when reading vacker. It should be an open 'a', like in arson. By the way it took me forever to come up with "arson" as an example. I considered aquamarine, addendum, arsehole, Arbonne, Aloha but they were all either variable with dialects, too unusual or my understanding of the pronunciation was just wrong. Especially the latin words throw me off, they have such different readings between German and English sometimes. It's probably best to just give you the wiktionary entry where you can even listen to it: https://en.m.wiktionary.org/wiki/wacker#German
Hmm when I say sand or bat the 'a' in that sounds more like a German 'ä' to me, and I didn't want anyone to read it as wäcker. That's why I was specifically trying to steer you away from a bat-like 'a' sound. Basically in IPA, i wanted to say use an /a/ and not an /æ/. Edit: I just checked, apparently arson has an /ɑ/, fuck haha
There is also this common technique these days called client side rendering. I think it's a total misnomer since rendering always happens client side, but what they actually mean is that your browser is in charge of assembling the DOM tree directly. It used to be that you would request a certain website perhaps with user specific data, the webserver would assemble it, by filling in the bits of info thet were dynamic and send it to you with css and some javascript for interactive elements. These days webpages with client side rendering instead send you a fuckton of javascript libraries, a mostly empty html template and the css, and tell your browser where to get the dynamic bits of data, which you then have to fetch also and assemble the page yourself. They kind of just outsourced part of the work to the client, because for their webserver it means better scalability, and what do they care about your computing resources. It's not like the common user would ever know to blame the client side rendering, they either blame their network, their device or their browser.
Erinnert mich an Kud https://youtu.be/1v4XZ8HKemo
&gt; Damit auch Menschen mit älteren Smartphones die Anwendung nutzen können, will die Bundesregierung bei Apple und Google erreichen, dass die Mindestvoraussetzungen heruntergeschraubt werden. Tun sie ja, steht im Artikel
Sometimes they do that in street pursuits if they think it's too dangerous, I feel like this is not so different.
You're conflating suicide being legal with active help in suicide being legal. In all countries that are party to the European Convention of Human Rights suicide is legal, because it was found to be a human right deriving from your right to self determination. Yet only 4 european countries that I know of allow passive help in suicide or even direct active help in suicide. (Belgium, Netherlends, Luxemburg and Switzerland)
They are better in some ways. I have seen guidlines before that ban switch in favour of if elsif ... elsif else. Accidental fallthroughs are a problem (at least before c++17) and the fact that you are limited to very simple static cases can be annoying if you have to refactor something.
AMDGPU is part of the kernel. You don't need to do anything, not even allow Ubuntu to install additional drivers. There is something else called AMDGPU-PRO which has some professional api's for accelerated workloads and is closed source. So if you needed that you would have to install it seperately, but you normally wouldn't need that.
I'm also half German (other half Swiss) and I know Bravo, my sister used to read it. I remember those pictures. They were not sexual though, it was more matter of factly. I believe the section is called "That's me" it's like "this is how bodies look like in puberty, you don't need to be weirded out, others are confused too by the changes" I really don't think that's bad, it's kind of like how teaching material shows bodies.
The Twicute Zone
At least the second one had plenty of free water lol
That seems like it should be an obvious rule for public health and safety. But maybe handing out anything for free is too "communist" for the US
They photoshopped a CNN-stlye headline of something CNN never said ("TERRIFIED TODDLER RUNS FROM RACIST BABY") onto the video. It's just outright libel. A both sides argument is misplaced here.
Ich habe einen Lieferservice wo man das auswählen kann. Sie empfehlen für beste Geschmacksqualität ungeschnittene Lieferung, aber wenn du willst schneiden sie trotzdem für dich.
Kann ja nicht oder? Wenn die Miete täglich nach dem Verhalten des Mieters variiert, wäre das ein völlig übertriebener Eingriff in die Persönlichkeitsrechte. Vertragsstrafen in Mietverträgen sind auch unzulässig. Also ich kann nicht glauben dass die Klausel gültig ist
Danke für den Tipp
&gt; Seit Beginn der Corona-Pandemie haben sich demnach 189.822 Menschen in Deutschland nachweislich mit Sara-CoV-2 angesteckt. Shit das Virus mutiert, jetzt ist es schon nicht mehr Sars, sondern Sara
Neo-liberals sure, they have unnatural trust in corporate overlords by definition. But Marxists? Like half of them want to burn this bitch down and put CEOs and Directors under a guillotine for the dictatorship of the proletariat. They sure don't give a fuck for for hollow perfomative shows of support by corporations.
Do you remember the bible story where Lot received two guests in his home in Sodom, and people came and demanded to rape his guests? He offered up his two virgin daughters to the crowd instead, but they didn't want them. They tried to attack Lot, and it was revealed that the guests were Angels. The crowd was struck by blindness, and Lot got the order to leave the town and not look back. Lot left with his wife and the two virgin daughters (the other daughters he left with their husbands who didn't want to leave Sodom) they hurried away over the hills. Fire and brimstone rained on Sodom and Gomorra. His wife looked back at it and was turned to salt. Lot stayed in a cave somewhere in the mountains with his two remaining virgin daughters, who made him drunk and slept with him to get pregnant and that's how the peoples of the Moabites and the Ammonites were founded. The bible sure is fun. This was [genesis 19](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Genesis%2019&amp;version=NIV) and not fucked up at all. A good reason to hate anal sex or male on male sex, clearly.
If your view is this simplistic it's not worth arguing
"Baby-daddy" makes me think "father of my children, who I am not romantically involved with" Is that right or am I reading too much into the term?
Is this conforming to the rules? It seems like there is a moment where the stick is flying forward untouched by the racers, and I bet there are rules against throwing
Pikachu has done so much for Ash and it doesn't even have its own financials. What else was it supposed to do to buy a Sailor Moon wig? Whore itself out? I don't know of it even counts as stealing when a dependent uses the money of the patriarch, we have to consider the power structure here.
&gt;It's not that you don't get to vote, it's that they can incarcerate your ass Which incidentally also disenfranchises you unless you're in Maine or Vermont.
How good are cochlear implants these days? I think I rember my grandfather only had 12 tones he could distinguish. I bet they have higher resolution now?
I don't think it's entrapment, because the old guy didn't commit a crime in the first place. He -- at most -- lightly slapped the cops cheek, after being given very clear permission. That's not assault or battery.
That's some shoddy reporting. No mention of the University or Institute. (It was Empa and EPFL together) &gt; at temperatures higher than 17° above absolute zero Do they mean 17 K? Or 17°C also works. But 17° is just wrong. No mention of what enables the directional stability. You'd be better off to just read the press release: https://www.eurekalert.org/pub_releases/2020-06/sflf-tsm061620.php Or the paper: https://www.pnas.org/content/early/2020/06/12/1918654117
The USA is hypocritical as fuck, and boasts about how great it is all the time, without actually being that good when you look at any statistics. One example, this whole deal with playing world police, bringing democracy (yeah right more like projecting force) when internally you have a bad democratic system that promotes a duopoly of political opinion and you refuse to change it because you have elevated your constitution into a holy text. You continue statistical segregation by economic means (school districts being funded by property tax). You incarcerate a fuckload of people, without actually having a prison system that works for the good of society. See: Recidivism rate. You break international cooperations that promote peace and global unity for internal political sqabbels. Paris Climate, WHO, Iran Nuclear, International Criminal Court, nibbeling away at NATO You can't respond effectively to a pandemic. Not trump nor most of the govenors. All because your political system is already fucked up. You have some of the worst foodstuffs with tons of high fructise corn sirup and it's not just making your people fat, it also makes your free trade partners fat. You have the worst religious nuts outside of the Muslim states and Poland. And they export their bullshit as missionaries. You constantly belittle and destroy any attempt by workers to fight for better conditions or some security. Employers owe zero loyalty to their "human resources". Because free market ideology has poisened your collective mindset. You have the worst conspiracy nuts and they export their ideas. Your free media is so hype based that it's ineffective at combating informational warfare from internal and external demagogues. Your police forces have recently shown on a global stage how controlling and counterproductive they behave Your war crimes are many and go unpunished very often. You start wars of aggression that are not sactioned by the international community. You don't really give enough consideration to collateral damage unless it's American. You speak of the safety that the USA guarantees on a global scale, but the words ring hollow as long as you are internally so unstable that people like Bush and Trump can become the commanders of your considerable force. What I'm saying is there is no guarantee you work for the global good longterm. And under those circumstances I'd rather your overwhelming force didn't exist. So yeah I have given up on the USA. The people around me just shake their heads and go "only in the US" or "typical USA" when you give them a piece of new bullshit coming from you. When my mom saw me being clever in high school she was like "you might go to the USA to study or work on technology someday". But by now she sees why I say I could never do that.
It's valid to say 17°C above absolute zero. It's in fact the same temperature as saying 17K above absolute zero. Only they didn't do either of those things. Also "17 C" the way you wrote it means seventeen coulomb.
It's interesting to see the culture clash in the comments here. This winter I was in an AH for the first time and it's just like our stores in Switzerland. Coin carts, self checkout without scales, no security, no greeters, no baggers. It's all so normal to us and so unusual to the US Americans. Here in Switzerland we have human or electronic counters instead of the cart policy. But there is the clear downside of some people squeezing by each other.
This is also what inspired the [Google-Apple-API](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Exposure_Notification) Dave Burke, VP of Android engineering said the following: &gt; “When we build something we have to pick an architecture that works and it has to work globally, for all countries around the world. And when we did the analysis and looked at different approaches we were very heavily inspired by the DP-3T group and their approach — and that’s what we have adopted as a solution. We think that gives the best privacy preserving aspects of the contacts tracing service. We think it’s also quite rich in epidemiological data that we think can be derived from it. And we also think it’s very flexible in what it could do.
It's obvious really. If an app has bluetooth background access and the developer has the capability to place bluetooth beacons in many places they can track your movement. So whenever you give background bluetooth access you are also implicitly giving location access. There is no problem, this permission system accurately reflects how the world works.
EPFL and ETH developed this decentralized protocol called DP\^3T, and Google and Apple used it as a basis for their "Exposure Notification" services and APIs Dave Burke, VP of Android engineering said the following: &gt; “When we build something we have to pick an architecture that works and it has to work globally, for all countries around the world. And when we did the analysis and looked at different approaches we were very heavily inspired by the DP-3T group and their approach — and that’s what we have adopted as a solution. We think that gives the best privacy preserving aspects of the contacts tracing service. We think it’s also quite rich in epidemiological data that we think can be derived from it. And we also think it’s very flexible in what it could do. ETH EPFL and Ubique then consequently implemented DP\^3T in SwissCovid with the Exposure Notification API, so really they got just what they wished for.
Google already controls your phone. Where is the change in the trust model that arises from installing this app?
&gt;someone who clicked on “infected” themselves That's not how it works, obviously
Of course, in fact I have had it installed for about two weeks. Everything went right in the development in my view. It was out in the open, done by experts, the whitepaper of DP\^3T made sense, some great professors that taught me endorsed it, Google and Apple picked the DP\^3T model as the foundation of their Exposure Notification Service and API and then the app got implemented by a good team using that same API. There is no downside at all and I have good hope it will help further improve the contact tracing efforts of cantonal health administrations. We do have spare testing capacity currently, so false positives don't look like a big problem to me either.
Yeah a coach needs to nurture the team spirit. And especially for little league, where socializing the kids well is more important than winning.
I don't know if it's new, maybe it wasn't included in the very beginning. I read the D3\^PT whitepaper around 3 weeks ago, and then it already said that a physician or public health official would have to verify your infection status by some authenticated token.
They tested it on recruits and ETH/EPFL students for a few weeks.
If you mention more than 3 usernames in a single comment then none of them get notified.
I went to the covid-watch site you linked to verify if they said it needed roughly 50 to 70 percent. Instead I found this statement on there: &gt; This technology is new, but [early models estimate](https://github.com/BDI-pathogens/covid-19_instant_tracing/blob/master/Report%20-%20Effective%20Configurations%20of%20a%20Digital%20Contact%20Tracing%20App.pdf) that rapid exposure alerts could stop the epidemic if [56 percent](https://science.sciencemag.org/content/early/2020/04/09/science.abb6936) of people used the app. Even below that number, every new user increases information about infections and makes communities safer.
I also like what they did with our swiss notes. They cover science and ideas and principles of cooperation and coexistance and aspects of nature, though a bit more abstract than animals and plants. https://www.snb.ch/en/iabout/cash/series9/design_series9/id/cash_series9_design
Ich finde besonders Kalifornien überraschend. Ein Staat mit Dem-Führung, recht liberal für die USA, beherbergt Hollywood und Silicon Valley, ist allgemein sehr wirtschaftsstark, und trotzdem haben die auf ganzer Linie versagt.
Alternativ könnte das Vereinigte Königreich auch gerne die Schweizerische App kopieren. https://github.com/DP-3T Steht unter MPL2 und hat extra SDK repos, die nichts schweiz-spezifisches drin haben.
In Frankreich muss die App auf dem iPhone ja im Vordergrund sein um zu tracken, weil sie nicht die Exposure Notification API benutzt haben. Wenn das in Singapur genauso ist, kann man das Ding wohl wegschmeissen
Haha das ist endlich mal ein Argument was mich dazu bewegen könnte Skins zu verwenden. Abgesehen davon finde ich aber immernoch dass Skins scheisse sind und clientseitig ausgeschaltet werden können müssten.
You can't evaluate the deadliness of the virus in a vacuum. It's always related to how the country you are observing deals with it. It's not convincing to say, "if we had dealt with it differently less people would have died." I already knew that from looking at Switzerland, Germany and Austria. But the virus is as deadly as you allow it to be. We also already know it has the potential to be very deadly from looking at what happened in the beginning of March in Italy, before they did anything, and the deaths that rolled in delayed after restrictions started. 12000 people died in the run of March and it was mostly focused in northern italy. What remains is modelling how bad we expect it to be in specific cultures with specific measures in place. And that model from the white house for the US is spot on so far, despite your measures apparently including putting infected people in old people's homes.
It so fucking easy to check. Just look at the picture in this article: [The prediction from March 31 cleary says 1,500,000 - 2,200,000 without intervention, 100,000 - 240,000 with intervention.]( https://www.foxnews.com/politics/trump-tells-americans-to-prepare-for-a-very-painful-two-weeks-as-white-house-releases-extended-coronavirus-guidelines)
Naja, ist nicht so clever über kumulative Fallzahlen zu reden, wenn es um das aktuelle Ansteckungsrisiko geht. Die wieder gesunden und die Toten machen ja keinen Unterschied. 1.7 Millionen kumulative Fälle hatten die USA am 24. Mai, da hatten sie auch 1.1 Millionen aktive Fälle. Mitte März als die Schulen zugingen hatten sie 3600 kumulative Fälle und 3500 aktive Fälle. Das hätte er also problemlos so formulieren können ohne sich anreifbar zu machen: "When you close schools at thousands of active cases but reopen at 1.1 million: "
&gt; My work policy What, no state ordered quarantine? The UK is baffling.
If that makes you feel better about how the US treated Native Americans and still treats them today then congrats. Instead of going "though luck, this is how it always works" the US should look to New Zealand as a positive example.
When I was in the (Swiss, conscript) army we had regulations on how to transport people in the truck on the benches in the back, and they specifically said to never open the back window without at least one of the side windows being open. Our buddies would often try to just open the windows in the back door, because it was easy and quick, but we'd have to make them roll up one of the long side windows as well to prevent gassing them by accident. Maybe the effect is weaker for a sedan because it's more aerodynamic, but still, I would be a bit worried if it was my dog.
It's about the exhaust being blown at him. Behind driving cars\* you have a quite counter intuitive air vortex that can carry exhaust gasses into the back of your vehicle if there are openings. \*they are stopped at a red light, he's not waiting for the owner to come back from an errand
*Whoever
Der türkische Schwurbler nennt sich also Wolf. Vielleicht interpretiere ich da zu viel rein, aber mir drängt sich der Verdacht auf dass er die Grauen Wölfe nicht schlecht findet.
Yeah it made me laugh that the article closes with that claim hanging in the air. They have only two relevant parties (literally only one representative, 0.23% falls outside the two). Great democracies need a plurality of opinions represented so that different question can find different majorities and the voter can align with the party that lies at the intersection of the most answers that follow his view. In my parliament in the big chamber I have 5 big parties, 1 medium party and 6 small parties represented for a choice, in the small chamber there are the 5 big parties. Significant balance changes actually occur depending on the political views of the people. Last october we had a green wave in which both of the green parties (yes we have two that represent two different green viewpoints) won a significant improvement of voter shares and this year we are seeing the results reflected in policy. That's what a working democracy should look like. Political dissent should not just manifest in some streams within one of the two big monolith parties being suppressed by party leadership when they are inconvenient.
Let's just hope that immunity to Covid-19 holds for a long enough time after infection.
I have a friend who has commuted from near Gossau by St. Gallen for years now. I couldn't do it, but he manages fine. If it's just for a short time until you find accomodation you can probably do it.
I believe the proper term is arbitration. Mediation is when the two sides negotiate for a solution, arbitration is when they present their cases before an arbiter, who makes a decision.
Quasi die immer-verdoppeln-Strategie von Roulette, nur für den Aktienmarkt. Voll clever
Ich glaube etwas Wasser (Flüsse und Seen) würde das Modell interessanter machen
Irgendwie habt ihr SAP ein bisschen viel gezahlt. Ubique hat nur 1.8 Millionen Franken gekriegt und unsere App ist in neun Sprachen verfügbar.
Es ist herrlich österreichisch dass die Jiaozi bei euch Teigtascherl genannt werden
Ah right yes, that's it. Far from untranslatable, that's a perfect and quite direct translation haha. It didn't come to mind earlier. It just goes to show that even after years of learning and using English it's just not the same as a native language for me yet.
Homöopathie ist unwissenschaftlicher Schwachsinn, der besagt man müsse Wirkstoffe zig mal verdünnen und dazwischen schütteln und das Wasser habe dann Erinnerungskomplexe and den Wirkstoff, die selber im Körper wirken, auch wenn kein Partikel vom Wirkstoff mehr drin ist. Und das verdünnte Wasser tut man dann in eine Trägerpille aus Zucker und vielleicht Konservierungsstoffe oder so. Diese kleinen runden Zuckerpillen nennt man Globuli.
Ich hatte vorhin das Video nicht geschaut, aber ich glaube es kommen beide Arten vor. In dem stehenden Gefrierschrank Baozi in der Gefriertruhe Jiaozi. Aber was das Thumbnail angeht hast du wohl recht
Jetzt bist du dem Gesprächsfaden aber nicht gut gefolgt. Es ging gerade darum dass die Facharbeiter angeblich nicht wollen dass der Mindestlohn auf 15 Euro kommt, weil sie sonst keinen Vorteil mehr haben. Darauf meinte Uniacc1234 man könnte ja auch die Facharbeiter besser bezahlen, statt mit diesem Argument den Mindestlohn niedriger zu halten.
