Because cash shops have proven to be great sources of money, so they won't go away any time soon. You have to remember that making games is still a business
could always just ask
I started playing D&amp;D again with some friends...and I have so much more fun playing that compared to any MMO. there aren't any 'quests', everything you do is because you want to do it i'm not sure how I would go about implementing that into an MMO, but i'd like to see it done. more character driven and not so world driven
was expecting "***T***he Onion"
reminds me a lot of the unique talking weapons in Borderlands 2
*AAAHAHHHHAHAAHHHHAHAHHAHHHHHH*
please *don't* be a relevant username...
anything to do with computers
&gt;It seems like there's really nobody around only way to change that is to play anyway
youre better off just falling at that point so you can respawn quicker
lets all just flinch instead of making some attempt to move away or duck
Looked like it had nothing to do with the ult, they just grouped up
warlock does have a few very notable defensive options built into the class; if you are dex based you have Mirror Image and the Armor of Shadows invocation. You have a fair share of cc spells and Armor of Agathys. If you took a pact with a fiend you also get temp hp off of every kill. If you want to be a strength based bladelock you are probably better off multiclassing into a martial class to get medium armor and/or a shield, then take a feat to get heavy armor. Paladin and fighter mesh very easily with warlock, ranger is also ok if you can fit it into your character somehow. You could fit cleric in and get heavy armor as a bonus proficiency (depending on the domain you choose), but it can be really hard to roleplay the potential conflict between your warlock patron and cleric deity. Depending on your DM, you might actually be allowed to make your patron and your deity the same being, such as with Asmodeus or Tiamat for fiend pacts. Fey and GOO pacts aren't as bad to work with as Feys are generally good and could share a goal with your chosen deity, and GOOs might not even be aware of your existence so they don't necessarily have to be very involved in the story.
try to get more diverse spells, as in ones that require different saves. Maybe you have too many wisdom saving throw spells, try throwing in some that require dexterity or constitution for example. That way when you come across enemies that miraculously and continually make saves you can try using a spell that relies on a different attribute. a creature this early on can't have good stats in *every* attribute, so the key is prying on whatever weakness they have.
a lot of people over exaggerate what an 8 in a stat means. personally, I found [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bGZdTJV7KWo) helps to put things into better perspective
no, it doesn't stack. fiend provides a steady stream of temp hp for taking out smaller/weaker enemies. Armor of Agathys gives you a big chunk immediately when cast for more important fights. it also does a lot of free damage when it isn't even your turn. youre level 6 currently, so at 3rd level the spell gives 15 temp hp and deals 15 cold damage to attackers. assuming the shield takes 2 hits, it prevented a lot of damage and dealt 30 damage outside your turn. the temp hp given via fiend pact isn't going to be as much and it requires you to get killing blows, which can be hard to get when you are playing in a party or facing healthier enemies like bosses TL;DR - Armor of Agathys is a lot of unconditional temp hp you get on command, it also does a lot of free damage without using any of your future actions. later on, if you can reliably burst squishier targets down and are getting more hp via fiend pact (since it does scale with your warlock level), you could think about replacing Armor of Agathys with another spell. during the first half of your campaign though, I think Armor of Agathys is essential for this kind of build
it was me! pupper! the whole time!
protip: music makes traffic significantly more bearable. preferably music that isn't angry
Personally I love getting lost. I like exploration, so not having a map and needing to orient and guide myself is a wonderful feeling. So on the flipside of what you side, being guided down a hallway can get boring and 'not fun' as well. Different strokes for different folks and all that
not everyone is looking for something 'new'
all the codes are now used, might wanna edit that in or just delete the thread now
*DINNARE
I find this to be true of politicians in general, on *both* sides
to be fair paladins aren't really divine. they don't exactly pledge worship to a deity like clerics do, they instead draw power from their oaths. it's very similar, but quite different for flavor. break your oaths and your conviction weakens
it depends on your relationship to your patron. it's stated in the PHB (under Great Old Ones at least) that your patron might not even be aware of your existence or that you are leeching power...so that is an option
either that or a "pure" martial class. clerics and bards are already full casters (meaning they get up to level 9 spell slots)
could also do fey tome warlock + oath of ancients paladin. makes a good peudo-druid knight, as both your patron and oaths match up to a nature theme
something you may want to consider is using google docs to include a rough map during combat or show any other kind of necessary pictures. ive used skype + google docs in the past and i thought it worked just fine. just make sure your players are ok with having more 'theater of the mind' I do recommend you use discord instead of google hangouts if you could take a few minutes to learn it. you can separate players into different voice channels for when the party splits up, and you can install a dice rolling bot to ensure players dont fake dice rolls off camera
&gt;"this was the largest audience to ever witness an inauguration, period, both in person and around the globe." if we consider the second clause there ("and around the globe"), then it very well could've been. there's no way to count the number of people who listened on radio or watched live...but then again that is true for all inaugurations and not just Trump's. so the initial statement isn't a flat out lie like many are saying but it's not necessarily true either I don't understand what the fuss is about
why are we celebrating what should be expected? why is peaceful protest suddenly worthy of a trophy?
just because you haven't doesn't mean everyone else doesn't
such as taking better care of your dog
a party isn't necessarily comparable to a protest
in a party you generally don't care about your trash (a frat one especially). I wouldn't expect to see the same attitude, or at least not to the same degree, during a protest. People generally aren't as drunk, wasted, or purposefully wild during a protest either, and those are big sources of messes I also never said they weren't comparable at all, you merely exaggerated my words. I said you can't *necessarily* compare the 2, meaning more context is needed to make any meaningful conclusion
you really can't make a reasonable argument when comparing apples to oranges, so in order for OP's statement to have any kind of meaning, it's assuming parties and protests have a lot in common otherwise it's just a meaningless sentence
well then I guess it's a circle
so because some people behaved poorly, we have to reward the ones that behaved as they should? the focus should instead be punishing the ones that acted poorly, not incentivizing acting normally
***why not both?***
never said it was far fetched
probably because the outside can see in, but you can't see out
adults fuck around and do stupid shit too, point still stands. it was a couple of *people* fucking around
I thought you could use a str OR a dex save to escape a grapple? i might be confused and thinking of something though...
if they dont like strength related playstyles i dont see any reason why you should push them towards it simply enforce the strength relevant mechanics. if your players are aware of the pros/cons between str and dex and continue to avoid str, they obviously have their reasons and you should let them play what they want to play
then go pal 8/sorc 12 and forget about the fighter dip if you really need the ASI. your suggestion (b) implies you are ok with 4 ASI, so not sure why pal 6/sorc 14 is causing an issue
ah I see what you are getting at. along a similar line of thought, shield bashing with the shield master feat also only uses strength
massive is subjective. when you consider that you may never see 90% of a game's population, 1000 people can seem massive also, some people might enjoy smaller communities, not everyone gets off on being in crowded social hubs. MMOs can have lots of different flavors
&gt;No matter how many times I cut myself, my skin repairs itself pretty well you ok there?
if you go long enough without sleep don't you just fall over and die? ...and I dont mean of old age
some people prefer to have fewer relationships that are deeper and more meaningful, compared to having more relationships that are fleeting and shallow Personally, I'd rather see the same handful of people everyday and bond with them than see a new face every time.
I wasnt trying to imply a small game was healthier, you are again overshooting my point my point is merely that MMOs dont need to be massive
exactly, since 'massive' means varying amounts to different people
[further dimensions](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ca4miMMaCE&amp;list=WL&amp;index=3) get even more interesting
WAKE UP YOU ARE IN A DREAM
the philosophy itself is actually called [solipsism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Solipsism)
you can't even be so sure as to what is existing *during* this very moment. your brain is very capable of playing tricks of you, this is a known fact. whose to say what you are seeing is what is *actually* there? same goes for all of your other senses
for other units of measurement there is a discrete amount that corresponds, or there at least exists other equivalents. to simply say "eh it depends" dodges the philosophy behind the question
you act like it isn't uncommon for people to remain bystanders
Overall I really enjoy how the warlock class is designed. There seems to be many more choices involved in this class than any other: - You have a choice from 3 different patrons (more if you include other books and UA) - You have a choice from 3 different pacts (more if you include UA) - You have a rather large amount of flexible invocations to choose from Combine all of those and you have a pretty customizable class that can flex into all kinds of builds. when you look at most other classes, you really only get 2-3 differing archetypes, and warlock puts that to shame. i'm not going to touch on viability here, just merely the number of options available.
it's actually 24 hours at level 5
I would never multiclass that many times unless I had a very specific character concept I was trying to create. Such a character would be pretty gimped, but if you understood that before going in and everyone is still having fun, I don't see the harm There are many videos you can watch on the subject, and most all of them say the same thing. [In one of the videos I watched](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QOR5FMFAnqQ), the DM had a character that was going to take levels in every single class. They had access to all the entry level benefits and basically every single cantrip. As long as your friend is aware that spreading yourself that thin is bad for them, I don't see the harm in it if they have a specific vision in mind
to build on what you said initially a little more, some classes have some kind of class mechanic that scales with levels in said class. Monks have ki points, sorcerers have sorcery points, fighters have extra attacks, rogues have sneak attack, etc. With these kinds of classes, you really want to delve as far into the class as possible to maximize that class mechanic. Dipping a couple levels into another class is generally pretty harmless, as the entry level benefits from the dip typically cancel out what you miss with your main class Paladin and Warlock are great counter examples, since they are rather front-loaded classes, or classes that get a lot of great features very early on and not very many later on. Paladin gets smite at just level 2, and their aura for saving throws at level 6. Warlock get's their pact at level 3, plenty of invocations before level 10, and their spell slot level caps at 5th level when they hit 9. level 10+ features for either of those classes are very hit and miss. these are the kinds of classes where it's relatively safe to mix and match more than just a couple levels
&gt;If it happens too many times, they'll start treating the game with more respect. or at least with a little more tact. it's totally possible to run an evil/more neutral party that does what they want, but you have to be smart about it...
it looks like it's going to pale in comparison to DLC2
it's always easier to find another job while you currently have one anyways
I always listen to people and consider their opinion. Even if said person is an asshole, that alone shouldn't detract from what they have to say.
[here is a list of monsters](https://donjon.bin.sh/5e/monsters/). basically any tiny monster is suitable to be a familiar, so maybe you could make yours a homunculus, since those are also constructs
better get to work
but...something something surprising amount of damage
it certainly does take good aim to snap heal and fly between a clusterfuck of allies
of course, but the world isn't a perfect place. i was just saying your argument was pretty pointless. exclaming "oh, well I don't do that" is just meaningless when you are but 1 fish in the ocean
very much appreciated. now I can educate myself on such matters
Now you are taking what i said to the extreme. I'm merely advocating to keep an open mind. Don't have *any* baseline assumption, just be aware that there are lots of people that will think less of you and a lot that won't. Having one person on one side speak up doesn't mean the others don't exist &gt;I was trying to demonstrate that there are a lot of people out there that won't think less of you I'm merely being the realist here and saying that there are plenty of people out there that will, nobody should be that naive. realizing these people are out there means you are gonna be better prepared if that situation ever arises, then it's ultimately your decision on what to do next
sorry, there was a lot of editing and replying before posts were updated. i'm not used to the quick responses!
imagining trailers driving around w/o a cab is hilarious
I think going paladin then multiclassing into warlock (pact of the tome) is a better/more efficient way to achieve a similar concept. tomelock let's you grab shillelagh, which lets you use CHA as your attack stat. Paladin is a good martial class that also uses CHA as it's spell casting stat and offers other benefits with high CHA. Paladin gives you your 1 extra attack and a fighting style just like fighter would. it also makes you SAD as you only need to worry about maxing CHA, other attributes you can increase just as you see fit (aside from the multiclassing requirements) as far as RP goes, Fey warlock + Ancients paladin meshes *really* well, Fey + Devotion works fine, Fiend + Vengeance meshes really well, and you can make GOO work with just about anything I know it's outside warlock x fighter, but I think Pact of the Blade is just incredibly weak. Paladin x tomelock is worth at least looking at
when somebody says 'insta' in this context it's not latin. it's short for 'instant', which I assume you know. stop playing games EDIT: sorry guys, couldn't switch gears fast enough to get the joke :(
but what about that 2%? ;)
&gt; "also i suck cocks" [first thing to come to mind](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wqc5-IggOh4)
I would only ever use a single weapon with bladelock, as you can only create a single weapon with your pact...meaning your offhand weapon wouldn't benefit from things like the lifedrinker invocation if you really want something more consistent to do with your bonus action, I would instead look into offhanding a shield and picking up the shield mastery feat EDIT: shield mastery isn't really an efficient route to go if you have already started your character. if you haven't, you could start fighter (or most any other martial class) for shield and athletics proficiency, otherwise it's simply not worth your time unless you have plenty of feats to spare
if you can manage to get prof with athletics and you're strength isn't terrible you can easily have ~+8 athletics check. i'm not sure if OP has already created their character, but if they haven't then you could start as any martial class to get athletics or even have it through your background. if not it's not as feasible since you'd have to take a feat for it
it doesn't. you'd need the moderately armored feat or dip into a martial class like fighter
it's basically the only way to get a rez with more than just 2 people
i'm guessing this one isn't gonna get edited
yet we never caught off the tumor. instead we let it fester
enemies do award more xp based on their level however, so the escalating requirements to level up aren't as extreme as they might appear
another thing that drives me to MMOs is the lifetime of a game. MMOs have group content or PvP that you can do, and you don't necessarily need to befriend many people to get involved in those kinds of things. PUG dungeons and being a lone wolf in large scale PvP is fun for me. I've played single player RPGs, and they all just get boring after some time...and they all *end* at some point. MMOs don't face those same issues as there is always something you can be doing, and doing it in the presence of other people provides a whole different atmosphere like you said
i'm making a paladin/warlock myself and I thought 12 paladin/8 warlock was the way to go. all you need are 4th level slots to get the damage cap with smite, and having access to 3rd and 4th level slots means you can be more flexible with your casting. paladin/warlock is a martial combo, most of your damage will come from melee and smiting, not spells. your spells should be mostly utility, so having a bunch of 5th level slots with your next lowest being level 2 really hurts you. also, dont only vengeance paladins have access to haste? how do plan on getting haste otherwise? you said you would go pact of the blade for a level 12 warlock, but level 12 paladin gives you the same thing. at 5th level you get extra attack and at level 11 you get improved divine smite which essentially equals the damage you would get from the lifedrinker invocation personally, I highly recommend trying pact of the tome, as neither warlock or paladin have ritual casting. also, you can pick up shillelagh and rely solely on charisma for attacking
should have used actual rockets
the guy is arguing about meta... in soloQ. do people not realize that the 'meta' only truly works in coordinated play? without coordination nobody is going to take advantage of synergies that make the meta what it is; in soloQ everyone should just be playing whoever they are best with
It's warm enough to make you want to roll your sleeves up... but when you do you start to get cold and roll them back down.
well all the independent areas in the game are incredibly small (aside from maybe Archdragon Peak), so saying that doesn't really amount to much
to be fair, only 1 is really needed with the Paladin's +CHA to saving throws. many Paladin combat spells don't have somatic components, and for the ones that do you could simply sheathe your weapon before you cast (and redraw it next turn) with that in mind, resilience for CON just sounds a lot better, even if it doesn't reach max potential until later. resilience also gives you a stat point
it really depends on the stability and dedication of your group, and not much else. if your group has the time and is maintaining interest, then it's very likely you could play all the way to 20 just be aware that many groups don't play too much at level 20, as there isn't a lot of content out there for 5e
Interesting to see that other people experience the sliver of cold right before "HERE BE DRAGONS". It confuses the hell out of me, maybe it's like the opposite of frostburn?
that's just overkill. you are better off spending that precious ASI on something else
just an fyi, booming blade is not a reaction attack. but yes, paladin multiclassed with sorcerer is a very popular combo, although not exactly for the reasons you suggested
&gt;warcaster allows you to cast a spell that targets one creature in place of your opportunity attack &gt;booming blade is a spell. it targets one creature. sorry, I didn't realize you were talking about making the opportunity attack with booming blade. you are 100% correct. &gt;They should go Sorc1-&gt;Pal6-&gt;SorcX the biggest reason people start with pal1 is to get all weapon, armor, and shield proficiency. that's more important than the CON proficiency, as you can get CON proficiency with essentially half a feat (since resilience gives you a single stat boost)...where as it takes several feats to get the weapons and armor proficiencies. I guess that wouldn't matter however if you didn't want to wear armor or use a martial weapon effectively
i kind of see them as a mix between warlocks with their invocations and the elemental monk
That was the Circle of Dreams, and I liked it too. Just needs polishing. Druids need a healing subclass imo, it should've been something baseline.
&gt;My gut says Hexblade will get in based on flavor, but I desperately hope it gets a top to bottom mechanical rework. I don't understand why it's needed. Just make Pact of the Blade not as garbage and the entire subclass isn't needed anymore. Roll some of the features of the current Hexblade into Pact features and maybe turn the rest into invocations. **EDIT**: ways to fix Pact of the Blade - give the warlock armor proficiencies upon choosing this pact, like how Valor/Sword bards do at the exact same level - get rid of hex warrior. it steps on the toes of Paladins waaay too much. Paladins are just as MAD as warlocks and they don't get any help for it. same for bladesingers and other hybrids. - make smiting innate to whatever weapon you summon, then get rid of the specific weapon invocations. the idea behind them was great, but they are just way too restricting when it comes to flavor and they increase the invocation tax blade pacts already have. specify that the smite feature must use warlock slots. pact magic is already treated separately from everything else when it comes to multiclassing, so the restriction would make sense and prevent mutliclass cheese at the same time. - make summoning only take a bonus action, just like EK. I don't really get why this needed to be an action. Is there some obscure combo players can utilize that i'm missing? - add an invocation to improve the Hex spell and just get rid of Hexblade's curse. It was a neat ability, but it doesn't need to be a feature. Have an invocation grant you some/all of its benefits when you attack a target currently affected by Hex. that's it. it might seem a bit loaded but melee warlocks are simply *so far* behind EB locks
Jeremy Crawford rules that passive perception becomes the minimum you can roll for active perception. [You can find the podcast where he talks about it and other things here.](http://dnd.wizards.com/articles/features/james-haeck-dd-writing)
tbf you could just take Horde breaker instead of Colossus slayer, and that would give you 3 possible attacks to trigger the extra damage from SS instead of 2. Colossus slayer doesn't have to be the goto.
Just measure intentions before any rolls are made. See who all is participating in a check beforehand. Example: *3 players approach a door.* **Player 1:** I check the door for traps, like around the base and hinges. **DM:** anybody else? *silence*. (at this point nobody else is allowed to roll since nobody spoke up) **DM:** go ahead and roll **Player 1**: 14 for investigation (suppose the DC was 15) **DM:** The door looks normal (make sure *not* to explicitly say that a player failed a check) *Since nobody else checked, the coast looks clear and the party proceeds through the door and trigger the trap.* Now in this example, a 14 isn't a *terrible* roll. If the player rolled a 3 instead and the party was suddenly hesitant on opening the door, its still iffy as to whether or not that's metagaming. You'll have to convey what level of confidence a player is feeling after they make a check. For example, if you try to pick a lock and your hands are a bit shaky, you'll *know* you might've messed up. It's totally possible for a character to be aware of their poor performance. Their confidence levels are likely based on their personalities and how cautious they were approaching the situation. A person with a big ego that ultimately failed their check to see if the door was rigged wouldn't suddenly stop and turn around, they would likely still throw the door open. This is going to require a mutual effort of players separating their knowledge from their characters and good narration on your part; it doesn't demand that you create your own system.
the only issue with this, is you can get your entire party to be paranoid by being over cautious with everything they do. it's not exactly a good habit to get into. depending on the situation, it's ok for a character to be cognizant of their performance. For example, if you are picking a lock and your hands are a bit shaky, you'll realize that you might've messed up. so while commitment is good, simply more contextual and narrative detail also goes a long way. if someone stubborn or with an ego fails a check, they are less likely to ask for a second opinion or act hesitantly toward the situation. someone who is indecisive or lacks confidence is less likely to happily proceed with something even if they succeeded. I think these kinds of details go a longer way to fix the issue.
It might be better to give WIS instead of CON. Giving casters innate CON proficiency is *very* strong, the sorcerer is currently the only casting class with innate CON proficiency. WIS and INT isn't an unusual combination, IIRC wizards and druids have this combination, and it's similar to paladins except now you have INT instead of CHA (which matches your casting stat).
Monk came to my mind before Rogue did
I made no mention about dueling, and neither did the quoted text I was replying to. I'm simply commenting about the mentality of 2v6 vs 1d12 when it comes to GWF
it was still irrelevant to my post in particular, that's all.
it sounds like you want to play an EK, not a bladesinger. bladesingers are a *wizard* subclass, the core playstyle of the wizard comes first and foremost. if bladesinger was meant to be in melee more frequently they would get more than 2 minutes of it per short - but they don't.
Not necessarily. If features aren't there to support it, then nothing is going to change that. Bladesinger is still a Wizard, and wizard's just aren't mobile or acrobatic. The only thing bladesinger does to change this is give you 10ft of extra movement (ok?) and advantage on acrobatics checks...which is just a ribbon effect to manifest the flavor. Booming blade isn't necessarily a kiting tool. I also think it's bad to build around it as a Wizard when you have access to many other spells, it just seems wasteful.
That would be pretty broken, and would make the disengage action almost irrelevant. It also makes the Mobile feat really bad.
You could easily find clues in a drawer. Anything to get a lead. You have some really bad investigators if they don't look thoroughly...especially if you push said Tiefling rogue into a dead end and they suddenly vanish.
&gt;All in all, I'm coming to the conclusion that it's kind of a failed class design. I'm not persuaded by a lot of what people are saying in this thread. And it isn't because I'm dogmatic. I think it's because the class was set up to be something, didn't do it that well, and so people have decided that that wasn't its purpose to begin with. Wizards have lots of ways to get away from melee combat by 7th level. They should basically never need to. Why be a blade singer when I can just keep a misty step handy, for example. this is my thought process exactly. I too think it's a pretty flawed design, although tbf, it is hard to design a gish and balance it well...especially when it's a subclass and not an independent class. A lot of people play bladesinger without touching melee at all, b/c the only melee benefit you get is an extra attack and +INT to damage...which still makes your melee pale in comparison to casting spells.
&gt; but badly damaged to the point where now other cheese is better than this cheese so you admit its cheese? that in-and-of-itself warrants the changes they made. the existence of other cheese doesn't justify its existence
Very true. The only reason sword bard and warlock got it was because both got revisited. I don't reckon EK will get it in writing until another PHB is released.
I don't see the harm in having it as an option. I hope cavalier is enough of a horsemen to allow the Knight subclass to not have any affiliation with mounted combat Something I think they missed with Cavalier would have been to allow them to cast Find Steed once a long rest
Cheese means not intended or 'powerful beyond intention', cheese doesn't mean 'anything that's powerful'. What is or isn't intended can only be determined by Bethesda unfortunately. &gt;If cheese shouldn't exist, then anything even remotely interesting and unique will have to be removed. Which reveals a flawed game design if this is true. It's what happens when you have only 4 generalized classes. It's the 'everybody can do everything' approach, which doesn't work b/c someone is always going to be better at X thing. That gets reduced to each class playing X thing they do better b/c of efficiency. Imo, there was never any diversity to begin with. There's an illusion of it that merely strengthens whenever something OP crops up.
I guess I did overstate it, but imo having to shuffle around equipment in combat really takes a lot away from the gameplay. Losing an OA can also be very important depending on your build. It's something only Paladins got for flavor (w/ their shields), but it had mechanical importance. I'm still happy to see them spreading what was once Paladin exclusive around to the other melee casters
&gt;The health stacking build does nothing when faced with Knight Slayer or Shield Breaker in PvP. having only a couple obsecure things as a weakness is still a shit design imo. pointing out the mere fact that counters exists isn't a very good justification. you just create a cycle with that mindset. one week tanks will rise so people bring out Knight Slayer/Shield Breaker. Then tanks take a weak off b/c everyone is using one of the two. Then people stop using them b/c tanks noticed, then tanks come back and the meta cycle repeats. Not healthy. &gt;So they nerfed it in PvE, and completely killed it in PvP. this stuff is inevitable when PvE and PvP aren't strictly separated. It's impossible to balance perfectly between the 2 due to the *huge* difference between playing against an AI vs another player. &gt;and don't listen when players point it out as well I don't necessarily blame Bethesda for this. a lot of players are really bad at balancing and too many are biased in more ways than one. I definitely think the game would be much worse off if bethesda took every little thing the players say to heart. better communication between them and the players would certainly help though, especially reasons behind their design philosophy.
This is why I hate RNG for tasks such as these, because these questions arise. If you have a STR of 20 and you fumble a couple rolls, suddenly you become physically inept. Someone with 10 STR might get lucky and roll better than you...making them capable of the task. This just isn't realistic. One solution i've seen brought up is to consider modifiers instead of just dice rolls. I can't say much about it, i've only seen it in passing. But I would recommend any system that doesn't rely on strict RNG, because RNG has spikes and those spikes can really defy your character.
I share your opinion with patron exclusive invocations. Having more invocations tied to specific patrons made choosing one over the other more important. It allows for some really thematic and specific features too, ones that wouldn't make sense for all warlocks to have.
Maybe they were the bad kind of popular, like infamous popular. They were pretty powerful all things considered. You already get any weapon you want that surpasses resistances. Maybe adding +2/+3 on top of that was deemed excessive after feedback. It kinda invalidates finding magical weapons out about and using those as pact weapons instead, but now you have to actually make a choice when in that situation. "Do I want +1 with flexibility, or do I want to use this +2 item we just looted?"
Exactly, it stepped all over the toes of Paladin. Smiting was a exclusive feature for them that warlocks were getting for free...and a better version at that.
that question applies to bladelocks in general, not just bowlocks **EDIT**: just to make the point more apparent... your smite is being compared to kiss of mephistopheles + agonizing blast. Fireball does 8d6 in a huge AoE at range. Smite does 6d8 to a single target in melee (assuming you havent found a magic bow). Fireball is obviously more appealing unless the target is resistant/immune or the collateral of the AoE matters. So even while the smite is more powerful than that of the paladin...it still doesn't seem like the best thing to do with your slots. especially considering the other feats needed to make melee kick off, the melee requirement, and the fact that for melee you get up to 2 attacks, while EB gets up to 4.
There's nothing more for me to say other than "stop playing then."
That wouldn't be my first assumption for a rogue, but to each their own. Depends on how smart these people are, depends on the context, and depends on the DM. My point was just that your strategy seemed unreliable and too gimmicky to work. I don't see why casting Invisibility and hiding isn't better.
especially considering it's something that some classes get as a racial (elves) or devotion paladins get at 7 *as an aura*. although, tbf many paladin features at 15 are simple passive abilities, the old Conquest was not unique in that regard
I don't see how it's much different than Paladin. Paladin actually outputs more on average because Lay on Hands is 5 x level where a d6 averages to 3.5, and they aren't tied to the unreliability of short rests for healing spells. **EDIT**: Warlocks are technically a full caster, so i'd argue they *should* output more healing than a Paladin which already manages to balance healing, spells, and melee.
I don't see why that's an issue. Again i'll point to Paladin, they have it too. I already considered this when I said Paladins have higher healing on average
They already have more healing than a cleric with their pool of dice, so that argument is irrelevant. Hence why I compared to paladin.
EB as-is is already miles better than other cantrips
It also kicks bladelocks to the curb for good. There is very little reason to waste a slot for smite when you could EB + fireball.
I mentioned all of that besides the save. I don't think that's worth the MADness, invocation taxes, and survivability loss. You aren't even doing more damage with smite considering EB gets up to 4 beams while your melee is locked at 2.
it has better utility too depending on what invocations you take. keep in mind this is only in regards to combat cantrips, as you obviously can't compare EB to something like prestidigitation
the only issue with the -5/+10 feats is the reduced accuracy. you want to hit your melee in order to be able to smite in the first place. I'm kind of curious as to how you're getting your damage above... *for* ***melee*** *+ smite (w/ greatsword, 20 STR, and GWM)*: (((3.5 \* 2) + 5 + 10) \* 2) + (10 \* 4.5) = 44 + 45 = **89** *for* ***EB*** *+ fireball (w/ agonizing blast, 20 CHA)*: ((5.5 + 5) \* 4) + (10 \* 3.5) = 42 + 35 = **77** so on average melee is 12 damage higher, but is considerably less accurate. at the same accuracy as EB, the average damage for melee is **69**. Only looking at damage ignores survivability, MADness of melee if you want to cast more than non utility spells, and invocation investment. Also its worth noting that EB is twice as likely to crit, however fireball obviously can't crit and smites can.
Interesting, thanks for providing this!
It's worse than Lay on Hands, why is that OP. Regarding the 10th level feature, as others have said the temp hp is worse than Inspiring Leader, it's kind of like a mini Aid cast for free (but again still worse).
You also can't compare features in a vacuum. One level 10 ability might be better than another, but each are contained in a package, and you *have* to consider that or your argument already fails. Other features in a package can make up for another's shortcomings
No, there shouldn't. CON determines how much HP you have, and it would be broken to be both durable *and* do a lot of damage with that kind of single stat investment.
You need to compare melee + smite to EB + fireball since Kiss of Mephistopheles isn't Patron specific anymore. EB always comes out on top unless you crit (as fireball can't crit), or you gut your accuracy with the -5/+10 feats
exactly, I'm not going to make a hexblade to take advantage of a 5% chance. there are better ways to milk crits, it's a pretty poor argument imo
pretty sure AL doesn't allow that, or anyone that plays at a stricter table. a lot of people don't benefit from lenient readings, which is why getting something more official is nice for said people
then play a Paladin lol, you already mentioned them
warlocks don't have access to smite spells, only hexblade did. are we basing our argument around just hexblade? melee ends up ahead of EB only after you gut your accuracy with the -5/+10 feats...which also incidentally reduce the chance of hitting to smite in the first place. it also makes you less likely to benefit from hex. so you can invest a feat, more invocations, give up CHA, and give up your range to do a little more damage.
I never said there has to be an explicitly bad one. Just that you need to consider the package as a whole. Personally I don't necessarily think the level 14 ability is that bonkers. It makes for a good 'oh shit' option, but I don't reckon a squishy warlock is going to make great use of it. It definitely doesn't beat something proactive like Hurl through Hell. Thrall is definitely miles better too imo.
there was no 'growing' to be found in that thread. you had your opinion made up and you clearly still aren't going to change it when it comes to sharing it was pretty one sided
I forgot there was a clarification allowing for ranged pact weapons. Even so, it's a heavy investment for something just marginally better. It feels like you are giving up the swiss-army-knife feel of the warlock just to try and be a better fighter/paladin instead of being a *warlock*...and I personally don't like that feeling. It's like bladepact is still missing the core identity of the class imo. I'm probably not phrasing this very good, but hopefully you get an idea
if your argument relies on multiclassing, then it's already a failed argument also, the ability specifies you only get the bonus damage against a single target...so your AoE combo doesn't even work
alternatively, find a creative way to negate or at least make the downside manageable. Maybe it's the neutral in me, but curses don't have to be damning
they don't, for the exact same reason your allies don't either. if you're pet was a spiritual extension of yourself...then maybe...but as-is they are a separate entity that's treated as another ally
I'm not going to compare 4e to 5e. That's an entirely different argument at that point
You could reflavor Ancients Paladin to be a Cthulhu cultist. Change the nature theme to that of a lovecraftian one instead. Make the tenets even more neutral, maybe protect information and knowledge instead of protecting the light? Protect the furthering of fate? Change anything involving vines to tentacles. Anti spells is pretty fitting, and from there you are essentially good to go Aside from Wizard, you could also introduce a new Sorcerer bloodline. Technically Ranger already fits, as you can choose aberrations as a favored enemy type, so they're great for hunting Cthulhu but not working with him.
If you are going to be as adamant as you are, you need to be damn sure of the wording or have it readily available for reference.
&gt;What is wrong with an unknown time frame for B? you wanted a rules lawyer and you got one...and now you are arguing with them... an unknown time frame for B defies the pragmatics of the original statement. it's really bad english to assume that unknown time frame
This one is iffy to me. Clerics worship deities, and I'm not sure there's any pantheon with a lovecraftian deity
so saying "but DEX is better!" makes a CON class balanced? the value of a stat can be manipulated in many ways. Being single statted also carries a lot of value in its own right unarmored defense makes AC scale off stats that aren't DEX. you can provide boosts to things like initiative and skill checks using unrelated modifiers, ie swashbuckler getting +CHA to initiative or raven queen warlock getting +CHA to perception I get that stats are unequal, but I don't think that the existence of a rogue for example makes a CON class balanced
I wasn't commenting on the link, I was commenting on this: &gt;Its about sharing a viewpoint. Discussions arent battles, there are no points for the winner and Karma does not matter. Its about growing and sharing, however its sadly often misunderstood. It's a mentality that wasn't conveyed in the "discussion" that was linked.
but still reliant on 2 stats instead of 1, which means it isn't a CON class like OP is talking about
I stand corrected! thanks for the resource
multiple interpretations are irrelevant if they are wrong. that's like me saying "well I interpret 2+2 to be 5!", that doesn't suddenly make 2+2 ambiguous there's been "solid arguments" present before you stopped, so that statement is rather subjective
I was specifically considering a lovecraftian being a source of a cleric's power, in which case it would need to be a deity. Otherwise it's trivial, anyone and any class can have a lovecraftian idol on the side but in any case, this was already handled in another reply
Personally I resort to partial caster (Paladin specifically), but Martial is the most common at the table. There's almost always 1 fighter, and a Rogue isn't uncommon for their skillset A lot of the friends who I play with have a more casual approach, so they likely avoid casters for how daunting they can seem
probably the ultimate jack of all trades. 1-2 levels in each class, taking nothing but utility and flavor cantrips for the casting classes
I'm just giving my thoughts on what else you said. It doesn't hurt to discuss things beyond more than just agreeing/disagreeing, there are still discrepancies to be had. I'm not trying to attack you or what you have to say, just trying to push the conversation forward in a meaningful manner.
I would only take tough once your CON is maxed, as tough only nets you 20 more hp over +2 CON, but CON boosts your AC and your save
&gt;EDIT: upon review, it seems like all these options have already been mentioned in this thread. it doesnt hurt to have them condensed in one place!
Paladin 4 seems like a really weird place to stop. I would recommend just going 8 / 12. Personally I would go even fewer levels in warlock, around 8 actually, because Paladin smites damage cap with 4th level slots. Getting Warlock to 12 for lifedrinker isnt necessary when you can get Paladin to 11 for improved divine smite. Paladin 12 / Warlock 8 would be my goto
What exactly is 'madness'? How is 'madness' being expressed mechanically? What are your planes to determine the chances?
&gt;There is no class that is solely reliant on one stat, and if you ever made one it would probably be broken as hell. this was the only point I was trying to make
A class with CON as a mainstat encroaches really closely upon that concept though, unless there are 0 class features that use the CON modifier....but in that case its not even a 'CON class' anymore. If I take shillelagh on a fighter and boost WIS, that fighter doesn't suddenly become a WIS class b/c the only aspect of the character that scales with WIS would be the attack bonus. Same logic will be applied to our CON class, meaning there has to be *some* features scaling with CON. With that in mind, lets make a hypothetical comparison between a rogue with 20 dex and 16 con vs this CON class with 20 con and 16 dex. both have +5 to their main stat, meaning maximum combat effectiveness. Rogue has 17 ac with light armor, CON class also has 17 ac with medium armor (assuming they at least get med armor proficiency and no other alternative ways of calculating AC). That leaves the CON class with 40 additional hp over the rogue with the same combat effectiveness and same AC. Both classes are going to have features keying off the main stat, and you really can't compare apples to oranges, so this aspect of the comparison is left out as it would be entirely subjective unlike the objective information we could obtain above. And that's my point. A class with CON as the primary stat is going to match the combat effectiveness of any other class and just have more HP on top. You'd have to gut the class features to balance that out, and in that case why bother making the class...it would just be a failed proof of concept
No, not the same, that's rather obvious. The difference is small though, just by the very nature of acquiring attributes in D&amp;D. Even if you did have a CON-only class, you'd still have to round out your other stats, as with point-buy you can't go above 15 for your CON, with array you are given other possible values, and with dice rolls you'd be really unlucky to not get another attribute that's at least 14 (To reach that magic 17 AC you only need a 14 in DEX). So in the end, even with a CON-only class, you're still going to have attributes that are above average, meaning it's performance is going to be identical to that of a CON class which requires secondary stats.
The only thing I use from backgrounds is the unique feature it gets, because by RAW you can customize what proficiencies and things you get from any given background. That being said, I rather like the little feature you get. You can totally find use for it if you put yourself in situations where it's useful. The outlander for example has ridiculous utility, while others are a little more DM dependent (like w/ Hermit) but can have a potentially huge impact in shaping the story. It's not something you are going to be using in combat every round like a fighting style, but there is more to the game than just combat after all
Exactly, so what's the difference between that and the hypothetical example I gave for the CON class with 20 con and 16 dex? It's virtually impossible to fully neglect 5 stats, even if you were a single stat class.
[These are the deities listed in the PHB](http://blog.onslow-web.co.uk/5e/appendices/gods.html), and it's the deities I personally stick to for sake of simplicity. The most notable ones are going to be those in the Forgotten Realms pantheon, unless your campaign takes place somewhere else (like Greyhawk, which has its own pantheon in that list) or your DM is using a homebrew setting. If your DM happens to be using a homebrew setting, try to have them adopt a popular pantheon such as the Norse, Egyptian, or Greek pantheons (which also happen to appear in that list!), and then you can follow the lore behind those instead. I don't know of any Ent deity off the top of my head, but my best guess would be any of of the deities that rule over the nature domain.
You can always start the game with 2 scores of 16 (unless unlucky dice if rolling), so I don't see your point. You can start the game with your secondary stat being high enough to never need to touch again as-is, so it's performance is identical to a class that theoretically only uses 1 attribute. A character could start with 16 dex / 16 con, and our CON class will progress at the same speed as a rogue (just like my example), but the CON class will get more hp along the way
I get what youre saying, but you're missing something important. If you're a CON class, there might not be a reason to ever take your secondary attribute to 20. A rogue will always have the option of bumping CON for more hp, but our CON class already has max CON. If str/dex is our secondary attribute for AC, we're perfectly capable of leaving that at 15/14. CON class is *special* in this case, because we *never* have that fallback stat to level for hp. It's the reason why my argument even holds, but I guess not everyone noticed this aspect.
Exactly, but my point is that that possibility exists. So baseline, they're already at an advantage above every other class, unless they're gutted or stretched thin to compensate, which is a bad design philosophy and is likely why we don't have a CON class. Giving them unarmored defense doesn't balance them out, it just raises their potential beyond the baseline I pointed out in the previous reply (unless they get 0 armor proficiences...which is an example of the bad design philosophy to attempt to balance something out that's OP from the start).
I actually think the new Conquest Paladin makes a phenomenal tank. They have a couple ways of frightening people, which means anyone affected has disadvantage on attacks so long as you are in sight. Their new level 7 aura also cuts the speed of those who are frightened around you to 0, and they take some damage based on your level. Just seems like a really great way to lock down a battlefield and make combat hell for your enemies. I really want to try a dragonborn conquest paladin with the dragon roar racial feat, that way you get 2 AoE fears per short rest, with each lasting up to a minute. That might be a bit much however, you could also take the Menacing skill feat instead, that way you always have a single target fear effect that you could potentially upkeep every turn.
you could just opt to not take EB, and instead take utility and flavor cantrips like I already mentioned :)
I don't mean to detract your argument, but plenty of other people have already given *really* easy answers
&gt;His players are happy though, and he still manages to have a great time in it too, and that's about the only metric you can really even have that means anything in this game. Exactly. I think *way* too many people get hung up about perfect balancing and following every rule, but you just don't need to. Success of the game isn't determined by how well you follow the rules, it's determined by how much fun everyone is having. It's definitely something hard to grasp for newer players, as the line between structure and freedom is hard to walk on. Good improv and having a great understanding of what your player's characters can do go a long way to making the game easier to run and less reliant on perfect execution. But that takes time, conviction, and a certain skill set not everyone has.
that depends. poor design leads to character killings all the time
The Bard. It has nothing to do with mechanics, I just can't get into that kind of character. Bard is definitely the class that least represents me as a person, and it's uncomfortable for me to try and do those kinds of characters justice.
I meant encounter design
Borderlands 3 has already been confirmed
Which further emphasizes the importance of damage for tanks ;)
Whatever damage type you choose shouldn't be Radiant or Fire, b/c then it would be buffed by the Radiant Soul class feature. With that in mind, i'm personally not sure how to tweak those spells in a flavorful way without said changes being a net improvement over the original **EDIT**: I think /u/BlueKnightJoe did a great job tweaking the spell below.
&gt;but I don't wanna play a character that is too pretentious Then don't. It's honestly that simple. Your class is only as defining as you allow it to be, that's a trap too many players fall in. A common example are rogues and warlocks, you get a lot of "But I *have* to play them like dark edgelords!" *No*, you *do not*. You can play a charming psychic.
&gt;I've also seen an eldritch knight based on throwable weapons, since you can return the weapon to your hand as a bonus action after throwing it. The only problem with this, is you only get 1 bonus action and up to 4 attacks.
When you roll a 1, just have the player roll another dice *and then* determine if something happens. I agree that 5% is too much, but maybe you and your players can find something lower that everyone agrees on.
Hopefully someone else can provide some help, i'm not the best at phrasing either.
That's the intended point...i'm just saying that is definitely *can* be the DM's fault.
&gt;Improved Smite deals 1d8 radiant damage, plus 1d8 if you also use Divine Smite. A lot of people don't know this, [so here's the clarification for reference!](https://twitter.com/Xippih/status/833311903103459328)
Someone asked: "The Improved Divine Smite states it adds 1d8 to melee weapon damage and when you smite. Does that mean it adds 2d8 total?" and Jeremy Crawford said: "Yes."
They're not known for having the best wording, which is why there's been so many erratas and so many clarifications
you dont need to have 20 CHA to be charismatic. you can play a Wizard and have 14-16 and still fulfill your concept
Paladins, because they encompass everything I could ever want in a character. Good martial abilities, limited spellcasting, durability, supporting auras, and healing.
tbf, the movies don't stray too far from the comics, it's what they're inspired from after all. 'Groot from the comics' isn't another character, it's the same Groot you see in the movies
&gt;Everything about the game will be spoiled to PC players unless they block themselves from the internet that's quite exaggerated
What they had at the event it's its own package and really doesn't tell us *anything* about the state of the full game.
but then console players bitch and holler. there's nothing Bungie could've done to not receive some kind of backlash, I don't blame them for what they did
Exactly. At least now the PC community will be 'purged' of a lot of negativity. A lot of people claiming to cancel preorders or refusing to buy the game...just means people playing in October are those who actually want to play to begin with. I've already been waiting 3 years to play Destiny, tacking on 6 weeks is *nothing*.
it isn't, b/c you are trying to say that "the demo was fine so the full game must also be fine"
I'm really not that bothered. I've been waiting 3 years as is, tacking on a few weeks is insignificant. I don't get the spoilers arguments at all, it's not hard to avoid information. Just don't open articles or videos, headlines alone aren't going to tell you anything.
or just not finished. it doesn't have to be a shipwreck for there to be a delay we were told forever ago that PC was coming later than console, for all we know the delay was planned months ago and they are just on track
you can always edit it! it's not too late for redemption!
&gt;but you are ignoring all the evidence if you think this is planned or "on track". and you are ignoring evidence of the contrary. We've known for a long time now that PC was getting released later, seems planned to me when it's been that long &gt;At the moment a lot of AAA PC games are shipping broken and take a couple of months to be fixed. You would say that those games shiped like a broken mess you're trying to make an argument about Bungie x Blizzard with a comparison to other games...
I consider it a long time, especially considering how surprised some people are. what about the other half of the post?
&gt;&gt;GW2 &gt;Everyone is DPS I just wanted to bandwagon on this since I haven't seen anyone else mention it yet. No matter what I like about GW2 this design choice always prevented me from getting invested. There is no trinity in GW2
&gt;why, given that there are hardcore games and casual games in every genre, is there no hardcore western MMORPG? Because nobody wants to develop it, it would be a huge time and money sink with little payoff. 'Rubbish' games you listed make money, and they make a lot. It's that simple. &gt;There must be a market for a game like this. There's a market, it's just not nearly big enough for any company with reasonable standing to look into it compared to the other more profitable markets.
D1 was just missing content and maybe better balancing, the game itself was fine. &gt;Halo 2 development was a trainwreak. Giving only 1 example just shows your confirmation bias.
Maybe they have a job and can't spend all day gaming? Just how shortsighted are you?
I get the same way for anything I play. I end up hating whichever character or gamestate I comeback to and have a strong urge to start anew. I like feeling the progression and 'breaking' into a game again after it's been a long time, something you just can't do with an existing character. I haven't found a solution. There's a few games coming up that I plan on getting invested in, but i've been in that 'Limbo' state for a long time. I've actually gotten back into MOBAs b/c there's nothing to leave behind or comeback to. They're really great for hopping in and out of b/c you don't have a character.
&gt;Tomb Raider is a single player campaign, even if I wanted the game I most likely would not buy it for a year because it's not worth $60 That's irrelevant to the philosophy behind your argument. Your argument was that it has to be 'all or nothing', and that you're willing to sacrifice large amounts of potential gameplay time just to have everything on your dinner plate at once.
it didn't exist in D1, and it was never brought up as a selling point for D2. I don't know what everyone is raving about. You're getting mad about something that was never there to begin with, and know we're at least getting something with the potential to be more in the future.
Once again, you are completely ignoring the philosophy behind your mentality. If the 2 are so vastly different why did you even bring it up as an example in the first place?
I realize I went overboard there, but the rest of the argument still holds
What's the difference? Is damage not a property of the gun, but a property of the archetype? That makes no sense.
Really curious to see what all gets changed. It hasn't been that long since we've had either, it seems too soon for them to be on a final revision especially considering how both haven't been received all that well. It seems unlikely that anything drastic is getting changed...b/c that would warrant more playtesting and not immediate AL availability.
I'm have 0 issue with Mystic, I was a huge advocate for it all throughout the drama when it was first revealed. I didn't say they were received terribly, it's just that many people think Mystic is over-tuned and Artificer is under-tuned.
You misinterpreted what I said. What i'm saying is, why couldn't they do that before if they could already make singular tweaks? &gt;Reduced Magazine Size of Clever Dragon and Grasp of Malok by 6 They could already give a singular weapon a smaller magazine, why can't they do the same for damage? Just give X gun +/-10% damage. I don't understand what sets damage apart from magazine size in this case, unless damage was tied to the entire archetype for some reason, which makes 0 sense.
"*in other genres*" is the key phrase there
there's plenty of people that don't like utility, or simply like damage more Hunters do have utility anyways, some of their stacking passives offer *really* good team buffs that don't have any cooldown
I think i'm gonna stick to "Ammo fairy"
&gt;Claiming that mystery was solved is a lie though. Nothing about her was solved. Having the Stranger "wrapped up" in no way claims the mystery was solved. "Wrapped up" just means they don't feel the need to go back and address it, probably to keep the mystery there.
I meant mechanics and gameplay wise, sorry for not making that more clear.
I didn't claim it was good story telling, i'm simply clearing up a misconception about what "wrapped up" means
Personally I'd enjoy seeing [Bloodhunter](http://www.dmsguild.com/product/170777/Blood-Hunter-Class?filters=45469) and [Magus](http://www.dmsguild.com/product/200237/the-Magus-Class)
&gt;I guess there could be an equal argument for an agile healer a la Deadpool. Looking at the immortal's features, I definitely think this aesthetic is more fitting, especially considering the Mystic's 'Mystical Recovery' base feature. Immortal has access to a lot of self healing/regeneration.
Incest-tree
Nothing wrong with respecting both sides of the same coin. Why do your panties get in a twist as soon as the other side is presented?
&gt;And not only that, but much of what they're being open about has disappointed a lot of fans. Well, your alternative is for Bungie to lie or remain a closed book, and disappoint fans when they've already bought the game. Which do you prefer?
A lot of domains melee capable with Divine strike, that may play a part. Melee does about the same damage as your cantrip while providing the diversity your cantrips lack.
They don't need cantrips for melee combat, they can just swing a weapon for essentially identical damage (unless you are a domain that gets +WIS to cantrip damage)
Clerics have a number of non-combat cantrips...so I don't really get your argument then. The only cantrips Clerics really lacked were combat cantrips.
&gt; This place becomes a disgusting circlejerk of nonsense about 6 times a year People who complain get just as bad. Everyone on this sub turns into an extremist. An appreciation post like this is *far* from fanboy-ism. I don't see why it's so hard to actually have an open mind and linger in the middle of the spectrum you guys have made. &gt;At least the haters, right or wrong as they might be, are passionately believing the words they say. That's a pretty bold statement. A really close minded one too. &gt;Yes we can be friendly towards them but stop giving them extra fucking credit for things they're SUPPOSED to do. No one is giving them extra credit. It's just giving credit where its due. There was a lack of this stuff in the years prior, so giving Bungie a pat on the back when it finally comes around isn't undeserving. It's the entire premise behind positive reinforcement. Personally, i'm also tired of haters using the "but they're supposed to" as a crutch in their arguments. There's a lot of shit in life that's supposed to happen but just doesn't because its not a perfect world. Just because X is supposed to do Y, doesn't mean you can't give recognition or appreciation when Y is actually done. Actions speak a lot louder than words, especially when 'words' are 'hypothetical expectations that are supposed to be met.'
Once again, "where do you draw the line." Today you say Gust. Tomorrow, someone else says X, then someone says Y the next day. Technically speaking you can make an argument for any caster to have any spell, but that demolishes the walls apparent between certain classes. Certain things are available to certain classes or sake of cementing identity. You want *this*? Play *this* class. You want *that*? Play *that* class.
There's actually already a UA subclass for fighter called Samurai.
No offense to you, but i'm getting tired of repeating myself. I've already answered that question: &gt;Once again, "where do you draw the line." Today you say Gust. Tomorrow, someone else says X, then someone says Y the next day. Technically speaking you can make an argument for any caster to have any spell, but that demolishes the walls apparent between certain classes. There's certain arbitrary differences present among the casters to set each apart. If you don't like that system, feel free to tweak it and make magic more ambiguous.
&gt;If I multiclass to fighter, do I get a bonus to damage if my fighting style is Dueling, considering a wand or a rod is not a weapon? Yes. &gt;Can I freely swap my pact weapon with an arcane focus when I need to cast a spell with a material component? In your above example, you could treat the rod as your focus, so no swapping would be necessary. If you happen to be wielding two weapons however... You can drop or dismiss your pact weapon, then interact with your focus using your free object interaction. You cannot 'swap', as sheathing your sword takes an object interaction, which you need to interact with your focus. Dropping your weapon or dismissing it both don't require any kind of action. &gt;Can I cast a spell with this set-up, both hands gripping on something? Any spell that doesn't have just Somatic requirements, those would require you to take the Warcaster feat. S,M spells are ok, as you can use a hand holding M components for S components. It's a little wonky, but that's just the way it is unless your DM waives it. &gt;If what I have is a Rod of the Pact Keeper or Wand of the War Mage, can they be my arcane focus? You should be able to use them as foci. **EDIT**: Previously said rod/wand couldn't be used as a foci when they should based on what's listed as a focus in the PHB.
A lot of D&amp;D is "just because". There's a lot of abstract constructs that exist in the game but not IRL, such as the concept of classes, levels, etc. You are going to end up unraveling the game if you go down that rabbit hole too far. There's arbitrary lines drawn between classes for a reason, it keeps the game bound together, consistent, and not overly complex.
It means he's sufficiently satisfied with 30fps. It's not that hard of a concept to grasp.
Magic items can boost your save DC. Obviously none of them specify that a Mystic can attune to them b/c Mystic is a new class
Where did I say this wasn't the case? **EDIT**: Nvm, misunderstood you. Had a clarification somewhere else regarding whether or not rods/wands can be foci. Previous post has been edited accordingly.
&gt;And that's where these posts reside. Some indeed do. Not all however, I wouldn't even say a majority. &gt;It's 100% for internet e-peen points and it does nothing but stifle real conversation about the game. I think many complaint threads fall into this category as well. A lot of people are just hopping on the negative bandwagon and using this sub to vent their frustrations or unmet expectations. That's just as stifling.
I'm just basing it off realism and the approach dark souls uses. Greatbows require strength to hold the weapon steady and draw back heavy ammunition (a *javelin* in this instance). Nothing about this says DEX to me. You are basically turning yourself into a pseudo ballista
&gt; Nothing about 5e is trying to be realistic That's a huge overstatement, a lot of things make perfect and natural sense. Making a greatbow that launches *javelins* use DEX is, in my eyes, akin to allowing you to use DEX to wield a maul. If range is that big an issue, make the range like 100/400 (less than a longbow), and throw in some other unique properties. You could give it loading, but somehow allow it to scale with extra attacks. Simply saying "well other bows use DEX so this one *has* to as well" is just kinda ignorant imo.
If you read my edit (and your post *was* made after the edit) you would see that I redacted what I said. Sorry for misunderstanding you earlier.
I always thought that just applied to backgrounds, not to everything. TIL
The point was that it could happen, not about how frequent it occurs. The fact that a rogue *could* know more about magic than a wizard, more about religion than a cleric, or be more athletic than a fighter is indeed quite ridiculous
Too many people are reacting without being fully informed, and these posts should definitely be dismissed. For example, a lot of people are still angry about the supposed "removal of grimoire", but if they were educated on the matter theyd know Bungie is just removing the card system, not the lore itself. If you are going to criticize, at least know what you are talking about. Also, be aware that there are many kinds of players, and Bungie cant please them all. The game is going to steer in directions that will turn some players away, *that is normal and expected.* It's a harsh reality some will have to face. For these players, whoever they may be, any amount of criticizing isnt going to get anything done as they aren't the game's target audience. If you hate a few things about the game already, maybe the game just isn't for you, but rather for another group of different minded players. It's something way more people need to consider and think about.
&gt;instead Bungie is moving towards a direction that caters to an audience that is far too broad Bungie's target audience is naturally going to be larger since this release is coming on an additional platform, maybe that's what you're noticing? Other than that, I don't see how Bugnie's design philosophy is that broad. They seem to have a clear and concise direction they want to take things with D2.
I still prefer longer fights over short and sweet ones even when novelty isn't considered. I just enjoy the endurance challenge. There's no risk, no fear, no anxiety involved when a fight only takes a few minutes. When it's drawn out you get the adrenaline flowing and the risk of losing the time investment. It still has to be done right of course, but there's still reasons to enjoy long fights besides novelty.
You could also just drop the weapon at no action cost, then grab the bow with your object interaction. That way the process only takes 1 turn.
If you want to tank, Athena. If you want a more Axton/Soldier 76 character go Wilhelm.
I've used a mouse w/ buttons in Overwatch and played just fine. You're overreacting a bit.
Lightning Great Mace is actually fantastic
With 40/18/40 (STR/DEX/FTH), lightning great mace has 709 AR and lightning harald has 660. That's 49 AR difference, 53 AR difference when 2h. Harald req 18 DEX, which is a waste of points for a STR build, and has less poise. There's pros and cons to both, but 1 is hardly "vastly superior" than the other.
there's already a single Ringed Knight in there for some reason
Just after Pontiff but before Londo. You get a clusterfuck of reds, faithfuls, and co-op summons. It's basically an arena brawl in some much more interesting terrain. I also enjoy archdragon peak. The enemies there are already super annoying and there's plenty of great places to ambush.
I do as many as I can to get their associated rewards, so generally speaking anything that doesn't overlap. I *always* help Greirat b/c the dude pulls at my heartstrings.
LONG MAY THE SUN SHINE! \\[T]/
I think Paladins deserve their own class. "Gish" doesn't have to be a singular class that encompasses all. Look at caster classes for example and how many there are. Grouping everything "gish" into a single class would be like grouping all casters into a single class. Paladins have *plenty* of unique features to make them stand out from other hybrids: - Divine background - Healing - Support features (auras) - Tailored spell list (almost 0 blasting spells, lots of utility). - Anti-undead like clerics - Oaths The only aspect of Paladins that could be reasonably shared among all hybrids is their smite feature.
They've already said their goal was to slow down gameplay. Removing the instant AoE supers definitely follows that goal.
So they are basically just surrounding chests from D1 with enemies? But worse?
Something else to note is that you can take your bonus action at any time during the turn. For example, if you have the extra attack feature at level 5 you could attack once, interrupt your attack action to use a bonus action, then attack for the second time.
Lances also have to be wielded with 2 hands when not mounted, fyi
only 5% below average at that. it's really not that bad at all
If you go Heavy Armor Master at 8, you could then take Resilient (CON) at 12.
Considering how this variant was put in place to ease gameplay for newer players, I doubt anything like that will appear in game. It would be counterproductive and besides the entire point of the system.
It's up to 50% max hp however. That's enough to stave off emergencies, but leaves plenty incentive for a short rest. If I'm expecting more combat coming up, I'm going to want more than 50% hp.
&gt;At that point, we're just taking entire systems out of the game to make it easier for new players. That is *indeed* the point...what exactly are you trying to say? &gt;Let's hit each other with clubs till one side is at 0. It's not black and white, you don't have to go from one extreme to the other. Remember that fun is subjective, and that the entire point of the game *is the have fun*.
Taking a short rest after every encounter b/c you blew all your resources is really unfair to long rest classes, at least when you are looking at more than 2-3 encounters a day. Making short rests 10 minutes heavily incentives that unless the DM introduces some kind of cap.
For things that aren't human at least. For humans it's relatively simple (aside from some bizarre special cases).
For any caster, I always use spell cards.
[I had my own thread](https://dm.reddit.com/r/dndnext/comments/6986ft/clarification_on_paladin_smites/) last month that talked about IDS as well as the other undead/fiend bonuses. The wording is really not that clear in the PHB, so it's nice to have threads like this.
TWF is already an option however, and IMO it's much better than trying to use a hand crossbow. TWF doesn't cost you a feat, doesn't need reloading, and you get the +INT to damage.
You could make an INT based bard who scribes rather than sings. Not all bards played flutes or lutes, many wrote poetry or simply recorded the deeds of others. It doesn't seem that out of place imho.
Divine sense only detects physical beings. That's it. If the Warlock themselves isn't a Celestial, Fiend, or Undead, the Paladin won't feel anything or have any insight via Divine Sense.
Some people need/want something to chase. Personally, a game can get very stale for me when progression stops (whether that's character progression or gear progression).
To me and many other people it wasn't clear, especially when considering smite maximum damage, which was the main concern with my thread. &gt;Whenever you hit a creature with a melee weapon, the creature takes an extra 1d8 radiant damage. No problems so far, this is straight forward. &gt;If you also use your Divine Smite with an attack, you add ***this*** damage Many people thought "***this*** damage" referred to the automatic 1d8 you get on a weapon swing.
Hearthstone is really simplified compared to MTG, not sure it's a great example.
When a large percentage of people aren't interpreting something correctly, it doesn't matter whose fault it is. All that matters is that misconceptions are cleared up. &gt;...this damage is clearly referring to... It's not clear. If it was clear, there wouldn't be misconceptions. That's the very definition of 'clear'. You can read: &gt;If you also use your Divine Smite with an attack, you add this damage as "[this damage]" or "[this] damage", depending on how you group the words. "[this damage]" refers to the 1d8 die, where "[this] damage" refers to the instance of 1d8 mentioned in the previous clause. It's objectively ambiguous. Stop being so condescending.
&gt;Word of mouth includes friend recommendations, which have gone from "it'll be great" due to Y3 D1, to "it's shit" due to all the problems once they got to play it for a while If you're a casual, those problems really don't apply to you if you only spend a few hours a week playing and don't submerge yourself in other people's opinions. &gt;Also twitch streamers, who have disappeared, and youtubers, who are split between disappearing and putting out highly critical videos. Part of the popular media outlets I already mentioned. &gt;Destiny 2 was only as successful as it was because of the marketing combined with the word of mouth support from the community. And there still is word of mouth among people who don't use reddit or other media outlets. Is this really that hard to believe? Hell, I lurk on reddit but still manage to enjoy the game and recommend it.
Nope, just hop on my sparrow and zoom to the walker. I've seen people who do use the pikes, I just prefer to shoot my own guns.
Is it hard to understand maybe the people here are overreacting and that Bungie will be fine? I understand the game has problems, I wont deny that. But people make it seem like the playing population is dead and Bungie isn't making money off the game. Obviously reddit isn't the only community with problems, but when I mentioned casual, I said people who aren't affiliated with *any* media outlets. So reddit, youtube, twitch, everything. These people dont face the problems more invested players do.
Yet people love Mayhem which is just mindless skill spamming... The current state of PvP does require skill, but nobody wants to acknowledge team coordination as a valuable skill.
If you are here on reddit you aren't casual. "Casual" implies more than just hours played. Being here on reddit shows you have an investment in the game even when you aren't playing...which is not casual.
&gt;Thing is they really won't. Literally everybody I know hates the game everybody, and they're not hardcore nor do they go on forums like reddit and shit. Just to provide evidence to the contrary (since this subreddit is really close minded), *everybody* I know that plays the game enjoys it, and they aren't hardcore either. I've got a friend that did his first nightfall the other day. &gt;The game is generally...not liked...by anybody. This statement is just a bunch of bullshit. It's a result of the people here validating themselves and thinking they represent the entire playerbase.
&gt;But if there's a serious problem lurking beneath the surface and long term prospects of the game are in jeopardy if Bungie doesn't turn the ship around then people need to make Bungie aware of it and get Bungie to turn the damned ship around. I'm not saying raising awareness to potentially critical issues is bad. I'm saying it's bad to be so close minded to ignore the people that like the game or pretend that they don't exist. I've seen *many* posters on this sub do just that. &gt;Developers seriously underestimate the importance of a committed playerbase. Because it has less an impact than you think. Hearthstone is one of the best examples of this IMO, as it's been using the same model of being attractive to new players. It's been dumbed down quite a bit over the past few years yet it's the most popular digital CCG there is. Top ranked players have been bitching about the state of the game since it first released, yet the game's direction hasn't changed and it still thrives. &gt;Making changes to appeal to a wider audience is a very risky move. It is. But it isn't always bad like people try to make it seem. However, Bungie also introduced a game to an entirely new platform that largely doesn't have experience with D1 - PC, which makes D2 an exception in that regard. Your core playerbase is only console players, adding an entirely new platform to the mix heavily dilutes your core playerbase in a way most people aren't accounting for. Offending the core playerbase is less meaningful when your influx of new players is *that* vast.
*Or*, double down on the shooter aspect of the game. The current direction of the game definitely better supports this with the current loot system.
Some bad RNG is a terrible basis for a broader argument. Just saying.
They have the same amount of mechanics as any other class (other than the obvious martial vs caster disparity), so it really depends on how *you* as a player treat non-combat scenarios. Many classes don't offer many features to make use of out-of-combat, so you are left to your own devices. Barbarians are just one of those classes. No different than a fighter or a monk for example. If you want suggestions, keep in mind Barbarians are tribal and spiritual people who revere nature. Things associated with the following skills come to mind: athletics, acrobatics, stealth, nature, animal handling, medicine, perception, survival, and intimidation. That's a lot. You're first impression of a Barbarian might be "oh, they must be terrible for social encounters"... but you can make us of that aspect and play it up. There's a strength to be had in that weakness, maybe your Barbarian is brutally honest or intimidating, kind of like a bad cop to the good cop of the party.
&gt;I want him to have hobbies or usefulness Then give him hobbies and usefulness! It's that simple! Maybe he likes to carve wood in his free time, or collect herbs for basic potion brewing. You can make up a number of hobbies that fit with the broad lore of a Barbarian. The PHB doesn't need to tell them to you. As far as usefulness goes, one of the best ways to be useful are skill checks. Athletics, stealth, nature, animal handing, and survival are among some useful skills that make sense for a Barbarian to have proficiency in. There's more to non-combat scenarios than just being a good talker.
IIRC you can pick any tool proficiency with any background, as stated in the PHB. I forget what the opportunity cost is however.
You don't have to kill the minotaur, that's what I was trying to say albeit indirectly.
&gt;I have experienced the good and bad side of this RNG. And I'm saying that the bad is far too bad. I personally disagree. I think it's ok to have really bad outcomes so long as there is an equivalent good outcome (which the gifts of dust and exotic cosmetics provide). Extremes provide more highlights than tighter bell curves.
Something you give up in exchange for something else. From what I remember, for any background you can pick 2 proficiencies of your choice from the list of languages, tools, and games. Many backgrounds offer you 2 language proficiencies. You could instead trade one of those languages for a tool proficiency. The opportunity cost of that tool proficiency would be the language you chose to pass up on.
&gt;The system is not generous at all. Even if you have average RNG, it still costs a fortune to buy any exotic gear, which is designed to be the best gear. At this point it comes down to personal opinion regarding how easy stuff should be to get. Personally I like stuff that's hard to get, as it provides something to constantly chase after or something of high value to show off once obtained. Other people just want to get things to have them. Collectors are like this. Problem is, there really isn't a way to please both kinds of people as they have opposite motives.
I only played D1 for a few months on my ps3 where I had a different handle, Trials also weren't a thing when I played. You must be thinking of someone else.
Even if it's time limited I don't feel the need for there to be a concrete way of obtaining everything. No different than OverWatch for example with their event-limited skins or Warframe's event-limited gear/mods.
&gt; but nobody wants to acknowledge team coordination as a valuable skill you just proved my point ^
Winning 1v1s is still *very* important even in team based play. Flanking is a fantastic strategy if you both coordinate with your team and can deal with whoever the opponent sends to deal with you. You then have a numbers advantage to push and can start trickling the opponent with their spawns. It's really not hard to think of scenarios where both team coordination and individual skill shine in the current state of the game. You just sound like you have no idea what you are talking about. The current state of the game also promotes things like map knowledge, positioning, cooldown knowledge, spawn knowledge, among other valuable skills beyond just pointing and clicking very well. There's a whole slew of intricacies that are introduced with slower gameplay that give you a definitive upper hand if you can take advantage of them.
More importantly, the community also has to accept that sometimes risks don't work out. &gt;However, switching up the weapons system was also a risk. One that is slowly causing the exact thing it was meant to prevent: low degree of weapon variety. Why use a kinetic when the elemental is so much better for PVE? Why ever use a sniper when rockets are so much better in PVP? With what we have now, there is absolutely no reason to use anything beside a handful of select weapons. What? since when are energy weapons better? The only thing energy weapons do better than kinetic is pop shields. The whole rockets vs snipers dilemma can be fixed with 1 balance patch, it doesn't *have* to be a problem with the weapon system. A lot of the current prpblems are just balance problems that people incorrectly blame the loadout system for.
They are really hugging that T rating in D2.
It helps to understand where people come from, but it sure doesn't *justify* some of the behavior to be seen on this sub. That's the take away.
I personally really enjoy playing around flaws. They don't need to become a hindrance such that it annoys the other players at the table, but they can certainly shape your personality. The 'Flaws' part of personality traits is a great place to start, as are negative/neutral stats, or even certain class mechanics (such as Paladin Oaths or Barbarian Rage).
If you don't recognize boss patterns, then yes. If you time sword swings correctly, you can counteract being pushed away. If you have a shotgun, you can simply avoid the stomp then get back within range. The stomps are pretty clearly telegraphed IMO.
Is it *not OK* for some power weapons to be designed for dealing with stronger adds or majors more efficiently than kinetic/energy weapons? Why does *every* power weapon type need to be a boss killer?
That's not true however. Wasting an entire rocket can be overkill compared to a shotgun round. Some power weapons are designed to spread their damage across more ammo, such that they are more efficient in dealing with multiple weaker enemies. Rockets on the other hand are designed to offer lots of damage quickly, hence they have smaller reserves. I don't see any inherent issue with this design.
It is a continuation of the same universe, just a different tone and some changed mechanics. Sorry to be a semantic nazi but that's an important distinction if you want to be understood correctly. Veterans do have a right to be mad, they simply take things too far when they place themselves above Bungie's new audience and doom Destiny to fail b/c they maybe aren't included in the picture. Shit happens, the gaming industry is certainly no stranger to false or exaggerated advertising. D1's launch had a similar issue that many people fell victim too again with D2. Hopefully people who are disastisfied now are more careful with D3.
Enemies are also spaced out frequently. You are missing my point regardless. Not every single power weapon needs to deliver its payload within a short time span. It's ok to have power weapons deliver that payload over a longer period of time. This isn't a flawed design choice like people like to make it seem. I'm not saying there aren't balance issues, but the system itself isn't the issue.
I would argue Destiny is going to turn into a predominately PC game. They remade the entire game for PC, it has better performance, and they could adopt a more MMO-like model should they choose to as it's much harder to pull off on console. D1 was obviously a console only game. I think PC might steal away D2 like with OverWatch, especially given that it's hosted on the Battle.net launcher which has its own decades-old loyal fanbase. I don't think any argument with console as a basis is going to hold much ground going into Destiny's future, but that's jusy my prediction.
Team up with a titan of course!
I've always been really good at giving myself things to work for. It's something I always do even when the game has clear long-term milestones. That's what's kept me playing D2 even after completing the weekly/daily rewards. You can provide your own carrot on a stick. I'm not using it as an excuse for developers to be lazy, I'm just saying it is healthy as a player to provide your own source of motivation to keep playing.
Depending on the kinda person you are, wearing the same thing gets stale after a while, even if at the time it's "the best looking" in your head.
It would take 2 separate teams and separate sets of resources to balance around 2 different environments. It's obviously something Bungie hasn't planned around or accommodated for. It's a strategy Warframe uses (only certain characters/guns/mods can be used in PvP, at least the last time I played)...and personally I never liked it and never got involved. It creates 2 different metas to manage and grind for, and it made the barrier of entry seem that much more daunting for PvP. It is nice to raid for a drop then be able to show it off and use it in the Crucible, it's something I think many people take for granted.
One can't argue with you with the current state of the game, but who knows where the game will go in the future. Turning a title into something that's e-sports worthy isn't something that happens overnight. Maybe in the end, D2 will merely end up as a stepping stone for D3.
It's really challenging to combine PvE and PvP balancing. AI obviously handles far differently than another player. Is that challenge worth the reward and occasional mishaps? Some say yes, some say no.
I can't talk for Bungie when it comes to their balance patches. The only thing I can say is that maybe they see something we don't. Maybe the issue with a particular gun stems from the archetype and the players just haven't realized the potential of other guns within said archetype. I really don't know, anything I say is just playing devil's advocate.
Another important thing I forgot to add in my previous post is that Bungie also balances PC and console together. One change made to console can have an adverse effect on PC (and vice versa obviously), so they must approach balance very carefully. The 2 platforms play very differently and handle certain fundamental shooting mechanics differently. This can also explain their very broad and generic approach. Before someone says "but OW balances PC and console separately!", I have the following to say: AFAIK, the only difference between the console and PC versions of OW are with a single character that can construct auto-aiming turrets. Now I could be wrong, but that's the only change made between PC and console that I can think of. If I'm right, it goes to show that maybe having separate balancing between platforms doesn't matter as much as we think and Bungie isn't in the wrong to balance PC and console together.
That's a good way of looking at it. D2 is a different recipe that's enjoyed by different people than that of D1, albeit with a little overlap between the two. For one group of people, the game is likely going to get better as they enjoy the ingredients used in the recipe. For another group of people, the ingredients likely aren't going to change so they likely just won't enjoy the dish. You can't say one group of people is right and the other is wrong, it's just different tastes. Bungie is likely going to follow the route of least resistance and least change by appealing to those people who already like the current recipe.
It still plays a significant role in how Bungie treats balancing, which is why I felt the need to elaborate on it.
Daily gifts have their own secluded loot pool with different class items than those you can acquire from the engrams.
It also made their movement better than any other class, which made no sense given that's not part of the Titan's class identity. I don't know why this is repeatedly overlooked.
Because shoulder charge did so much more than allow you to cancel momentum, it was honestly ridiculous. Going into D2, Bungie obviously wanted people having less mobility. That's something we have to accept and get over. It's likely for that reason that other classes will never be buffed to match what Titans can do with charge, as that would go against a deliberate design choice they already made. Instead, they nerfed the problem, which was shoulder charge.
I'm not talking about lore, I'm talking about actual realized mechanics. Strikers mid super does not represent the Titan class as a whole.
I just wanted to clarify that it's a *different* class item that what you would normally get, as that distinction *wasn't* made above.
&gt;then they make d2 "from the ground up" Only for PC, and they weren't going to make PC differ from console.
The problem with that sentiment is that Destiny 2 is *not* a sequel for a good chunk of the playerbase (the PC players that didn't touch D1). So while that argument holds some ground, it's definitely not as much had D2 remained a console exclusive. It's also fair to predict that PC might steal away Destiny from consoles altogether (like the current state of OverWatch- it's wildly more popular on PC) given the increased performance and desire for Bungie to make Destiny E-sports viable. If that does happen, then the shift away from D1's console fans makes sense, as Bungie would be trying to give Destiny a new home.
"I miss Eris" ~ Cayde (forget where he says that though)
&gt;We want more good guns so we can have options. Not a bunch of weak guns. There are interesting guns, they are just outshined by a couple OP ones. That's the current problem. Buffing everything else to match the OP options is just unnecessary and way more work than required to create a better balance.
Things like cluster bomb rockets, Merciless, Coldheart, among other 'top of their class' weapons.
You could definitely argue a select few perks (like Explosive rounds) and archetypes (like 450 ARs) are OP and choke out the other options. Are the meta options really *just meta*? Or is there something more fundamental about why they're so dominant? You also didn't address my point about work load. It would take a long period of testing and trail and error to buff *everything else* without making the situation worse off. I don't understand why people don't consider this.
&gt; But on the flip side, that doesn't apply to some of the legitimate design choices that the community is unhappy with. But the community is also happy with those choices. Using the word "community" is simply really deceiving. Many people have an some issue, many don't, and many don't care. Trying to speak for the whole community leads to people misinterpreting just how much traction some of their concerns have.
And demoralizing the developers will not fix that issue. A lot of people here are saying "it's great that the developers feel bad! They should have low morale!"...and that's just wrong. Many of the larger issues people hold with this game have nothing to do with the developers, and making them feel bad about something that's very likely out of their control is just unnecessary.
Then you need to specify *reddit community* and not imply the entire playerbase.
True, but even then there's a lot of players that don't use any form of forum. The people who scream on the internet are far from an accurate representation of all those who play the game. That's my point. Too many people try to speak for everyone else and they just misconstrue where people stand on the popular issues.
That's what your super is for! After that you'll have plenty kinetic/energy ammo to finish the boss off, plus any purple bricks that might drop from random majors dying.
How is Orpheus + Nightstalker beneficial at all when soloing PEs? When soloing PEs your goal is to burst the boss down ASAP and move onto the next thing. Nightstalker is terrible at this. Proper positioning and movement will take care of the surrounding adds, you don't need to blow a super on it. You are much better off using GG (preferably bottom tree with Celestial) or Arcstrider (preferably top tree with Raiden).
&gt;pvp playerbase dropped sharply Do you have a source for that? Genuinely curious.
&gt;Hell it has the same blast radius as Titan Slam and the Titan can slam 3x. Titan is melee however, really easy to kite or just run away from. You're comparing apples to oranges. Also, if you are using the chaos tree, you get additional seekers post explosion and the bloom effect, effectively making the blast radius bigger than it seems.
I don't think PvP needs to be balanced around soloQ
Also exotic engrams, since exotic engrams drop 5 power higher than your normal legendary ones. So there *is* something to grind for even when you've completed all the weekly milestones.
I don't think that's the case. I'm not max PL yet (somewhere above 330); my legendary engrams drop at 324 (329 w/ mod) and my exotics drop at 329 (334 w/ mod). **EDIT**: NVM, didn't realize something. I do think that once you reach 334 you'll effectively be stuck without receiving powerful gear. Exotics should drop at max level only once you hit cap.
Sorry, misinterpreted your post and edited my own.
&gt; she has direct control over in-game voice communication That's not how businesses work. Nobody really has direct control over anything unless you're the CEO.
The only problem is making sure the Sunshot and Graviton Lance are still unique enough with their own explosion perks, as those perks are a huge parts of those weapons' identities.
&gt; but it does nothing to help the character engage with the social or exploration pillars of the game. *Many* subclasses are like this though. You just fill that gap with roleplay. All your players' characters should be capable of talking and making skill checks. You don't need to be a bard to sing or lie. You don't need to be a wizard to have historical or arcane knowledge. You don't need to be a Ranger to walk in the woods or track something. You don't need to be a rogue to sneak around or steal. The list goes on...
Don't forget that each level cap increase was tied to DLC, as well as the numerous 'Headhunts' that were added for individual purchase. BL2 had *a lot* of paid DLC alongside those microtransactions.
I don't think many people realize that Grave Robber *generates* ammo, it doesn't reload from your reserves. Definitely made me appreciate the perk much more.
&gt;Those games aren't primarily looters. Exactly. Destiny doesn't need to be one either. However it does need depth such as the OP suggested.
You are missing *many* of Mark Rosewater's points. I really suggest you read the full article: https://magic.wizards.com/en/articles/archive/making-magic/when-cards-go-bad-2002-01-28
It sounds neat to you but sounds tedious to me. Don't get me wrong, I like to work for rewards, but by "work" I mean *difficult* work. The old quests don't sound *difficult* to me, just something to waste time to serve as an artificial barrier between you and your gun. Exotics already take a grind to get (low drop chance), I don't want an additional grind on top of that. I'd like these quests you speak of to return if they instead required you to pull off some form of feat or accomplishment. Getting "X kills with Y energy type" or something along those lines is not an accomplishment in my eyes. That's not a hurdle to jump over, that's merely a ramp you have to crawl up.
I'm seeing people reminiscent about things like the Thorn quest which did require 'X amount of kills'. That just seems super bland to me. &gt;The black spindle quest was very challenging. Did Black Spindle set the standard for quests? Or was Black Spindle an exception to what I'm talking about? How many quests were genuinely difficult to complete without introducing needless grind?
I'm not saying I like D2 quests, but D1 quests don't seem all that interesting either. I'd prefer a different approach entirely.
&gt;There was a point to the grind because you got something that you could show off the time you invested. I completely understand this point of view. It's just something that I don't want to see in D2, at least not in terms of gating exotics. I totally agree with you on the auras. Hopefully Ornaments fill a similar purpose in D2's future. &gt;Unfortunate Bungie took that as a template for D2 nightfalls and arbitrarily placed a timer I like the timer...it provides the level of difficulty that I look for in 'challenging end-game content'. Otherwise there's no difference between Nightfalls and normal strikes other than how fast complete them. Tougher enemies are irrelevant when you can take as much time as you want to get by them.
Why does it need to be a looter?
I'm pretty sure "more loot" means extra blues as well as higher chance for legendary/exotic engrams. Getting additional tokens is a perk on its own.
Maybe your definition of 'exotic' is just screwy.
What does this have to do with 'feeling exotic'?
Which is what I said. "More PE loot" doesn't mean more tokens. "Chance to receive additional faction consumables" means more tokens.
D1 still had niche exotics that weren't overpowered. You need a new excuse.
&gt; and honestly static rolls are pretty incompatible with how the game is designed (as they don't lend themselves well to repetition). You can add depth without adding RNG. Plenty of MMOs have static drops that don't negatively impact the grind. However, that approach obviously won't work if Bungie wants Destiny to be more of a shooter instead of an MMO.
Masterwork cores and mods?
Ultimately it comes down to people being unable to move on. There were some fundamental design choices that make some players happy and others mad. Instead of the mad players biting the bullet and moving on, they have to advertise their wants and desires as more important than those of the other group of players.
&gt; the best version of the game is released because everyone was able to weigh in This will never be true. Reddit, the Bungie forums, whatever it may be will *never* represent "everyone". Solely listening to what people here on Reddit have to say is just appealing to one dedicated community and shutting out everyone else.
&gt;and a lot more "we tried to do that and can't, so what should we do instead?" The problem with this is you can often get into a loop of suggesting things that just aren't realizable.
&gt;By making this fundamental change to these ratios destiny 2 lost it's identity that people originally flocked to the series for. Is it wrong to attract different people to the game? &gt;Bungie, you wanted a balanced game but in tweaking one areas balance you tipped the balance elsewhere making the game you created lose it's identity and go into an identity crisis. It's not an identity crisis. It's just a different identity.
&gt;They took a risk that they could change the entire course and identity of the game Yes, they took a risk and changed the formula. That's no less a risk then reskinning D1 with some additional mechanics stapled on. &gt;Im all for them taking risks and trying new things but thats not what they did It is what they did, what don't you see?
D1 launch was worse than this D2 debacle imo
There aren't even close to 400k active redditors on this sub, just saying. The community of people who voice their opinion (good or bad) on internet forums or other outlets are still a minority.
Because a reddit community is a *terrible* judge of that?
Better range?
How it feels will be relative to the other players. How are the other players approaching gameplay? Is everyone trying to be a specialist / fill a certain role? Or, are your players more concerned with being generalists? If the former, the difference between a +2 and +3 is likely to be noticeable, and the disparity will only grow. If the latter, the difference shouldn't be that big a deal as the other players are also trying to diversify themselves.
I realize I just misinterpreted your dates. Your analysis was performed from 1/3/2018, *not* up to 1/3/2018.
TBF, many people are probably hesitant to play given the poor matchmaking system and prevalent DDOS'ing issues.
You are one clan out of how many?
Your question was: why would anyone use Graviton Lance over Sunshot or Risk Runner... To which I answered: better range. As in, the Graviton Lance has better range than the other 2 options.
[and this is for you](https://playoverwatch.com/en-us/)
&gt;That’s what you’re supposed to think. But the recoil on the final shot of the graviton lance is so big, it’s meant for medium ranges. The gun only kicks once the third shot has left the barrel; where you aim is where it hits. The recoil is only going to affect your next shot. &gt;The sunshot has explosive payload which has no damage fall-of The damage from the bullets themselves still have fall-off.
&gt;You have got to agree, pulse rifles in general need a MASSIVE buff. I can't disagree that pulse rifles need a buff, but I don't think it needs to be massive. There are many good performing pulse rifles (like Autumn wind, Time-Worn Spire, Darkest Before, Lincoln Green, Inaugural Address, Eternal Slumber, and Machina Dei 4). I just don't think many people know how to use them correctly. &gt;The Graviton would only win if the user was very skilled at using weapons with high recoil. I play on PC (w/ mouse) so the recoil is really quite manageable without being a skilled player. Maybe it's more extreme on controllers. You also have to consider how accurate each gun is. Handcannons get exponentially less accurate over longer ranges with how short their zoom is.
and once you got that roll? seems like a pretty poor carrot on a stick to be chasing
which isn't related to the other half, which is exactly what the post above you states
&gt; Quite often. Also the point is there was always stuff to chase that would make a difference There's a pretty big downside to that however, being that for most of the game you could be stuck with suboptimal gear. I've played other games with that same problem and can't stand them. The game starts to feel like a chore or a job b/c unless you dedicate a lot of time to grind you're always going to be behind. Unless of course, the perks *didn't* have that much a difference, in which case your statement is false. Personally, I've always been a fan of putting more emphasis on horizontal progression and less on vertical. I'd rather be presented with more equal options than be forever chasing better and better stuff.
&gt;The 2 games also have pretty different visions and target audiences.
What's OP and what's not OP really depends on what Bungie's target TTK is. However I do think slower firing weapons need increased headshot damage across the board.
And AFAIK there's hardly any difference between console and PC versions. The only change I remember that happened to console and not PC was a Torbjorn nerf.
It's the only subclass I can think of that offers a replacement for a major feature of the main class (Wildshape). Maybe this is the approach they'll take with the new Ranger? Have primary class features that can be overwritten by subclass specific features?
Because MMOs are designed with that in mind. Destiny clearly isn't because it's not an MMO.
The game itself is free-to-play
You do realize that all HC basically have the same range regardless of their archetype? (at least according to this [informative sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1zsVBmNeFKPC5FkWi-XiyDzrxUyefUtrKDnvsndY_V8E/edit#gid=1760981095)) Your 'mid/close' vs 'all ranges' argument makes no sense. Only 110 should be able to 3 tap. Archetype is supposed to dictate more than just range. &gt;110 rpm; Long Range Handcannons; Barely anyone uses They're hardly used because they are the hardest to use. There's also the fact that slow RoF weapons aren't very rewarding in general...
Just get a Darkest Before, Autumn Wind, or Timeworn Spire.
I for one love it. I never liked the concept of a 'primary' and 'secondary' in shooters. I like having 2 'primary' weapons to switch between without feeling like 1 is inferior to the other. D2 is currently like Borderlands, where there are just a number of 'primary' weapons you can rotate between. The supposed problem of 'weapon variety' is already addressed by multiple gun archetypes. Many of these archetypes just aren't balanced and therefore don't see play, making the available variety seem small. *Hopefully* the balance changes rumored about in the dev update come relatively soon.
You mean to say melees were 2-hit in D1? That's insane... To give you an answer however, it's because they slowed down the game. TTK is longer, cooldowns are longer. Reducing TTK also includes that of melee, not just guns.
If you prefer a faster game, then I imagine so.
&gt;It may not be that important to you, but very important to others. The question is how *many* others?
I don't understand what community feedback has to do with 'reaching intent'. Take (2) for example, they increased cooldowns and increased TTK to slow down the game and promote more team coordination. That intent has clearly been reached regardless of what the community has to say about it. The real problem is the split community. Some people like the changes and some don't. It's not a matter of knowing *why* some of these changes we're made, many of us already know *why*, we just don't want to accept it. The Sandbox team reiterating that the changes were made to cater casuals, slow down the game, leverage Eververse, or what have you, isn't going to soothe anyone b/c that communication isn't where the actual issue lies. It's just a fundamental disagreement on behalf of a portion of this community.
It might matter for Bungie.
And data needs to be organized. Ever heard of data architecture and database design? Data isn't "just data".
Seems like crucible and strikes are the best way to farm then, correct?
&gt;It's not hurting anyone or anything in the game ecosystem or economy. Even if there was an economy, we're capped at receiving 30 packages (at least for Season 1). Farming just influences how fast you can acquire said packages. The only meaningful reason *I* can think of to implement a token debuff is if Bungie thought enough players wouldn't be able to reach the 30 cap without farming. For example, with the current system say Player Bob only has 10 hours to play this week; that isn't enough time to acquire all 30 packages thanks to the new debuff, but it might've been enough time if efficient grinding could've been used. The issue I have with that sentiment is it's a 180 spin from their 'cater-to-casuals' philosophy up until this point. The current system caters to people who have lots of time to throw at the game, not people with hardly any. But if reaching the limit of 30 packages isn't the issue, I don't see the need for the debuff, even from Bungie's perspective. Just remove the debuff and balance how many tokens you receive from each activity based on how hard the activity is and how often you can complete it.
&gt;I wonder how much of the money was returning players that fell for the bait and switch People keep forgetting D2 released on a an entirely new platform for the franchise...PC. I get it that *some* console people made the switch to PC, but there's a lot of new (not-returning) players and this sub just doesn't want to acknowledge them.
The bus isn't on fire. It just dropped off whoever was inside and picked up some new passengers.
&gt;Literally no thread above 1k upvote What's wrong with smaller communities? Better than the echo chamber that this sub is.
That's implying its a problem simple logic can fix. My money says it isn't, hence the delay we had in the first place.
1 certaintly isn't harder than 3 though
I still find plenty of people to play with. Must be playing in a bubble I guess.
Honestly it's just the gameplay itself. If I ever truly get bored I just play some crucible.
&gt;But if that were really true wouldn't we have not heavily enjoyed Year 2 or Year 3? The problem is there is no unified "we"
&gt;I'm not trying to draw any huge conclusions from this or bash the sub because of this. I've just never seen such a large gap between the comments in this sub and the comments that I hear in the game. It's because this sub thinks they are the only people who play the game.
Just merge into another clan.
People will quit if they are losing regardless of how "fun" you make the game. "Fun" is subjective, for some people, "fun" = winning. There *needs* to be a quitting penalty.
GWM is already very powerful and thematic. The feat even has ***Great*** in the name (analogous to the 'heavy' property). Adding more weapons to its roster just makes the feat even more powerful and ruins its thematic elements.
To build on that, if you want to use slots for raw damage in combat, try to prepare situational utility spells to have out-of-combat options for any leftover slots.
&gt;Tokens abound, rather than actual loot drops. I keep seeing this brought up when it isn't actually an issue. There really isn't a difference between tokens and drops. Instead of rolling on a random table after activities, you are instead given a token to turn in on whatever character you want whenever you want. What's the difference between doing 4-5 strikes and getting X gun from the last chest, and turning in 20 strike tokens and getting X gun?
At what point do you say it's the players' fault for just not reading?
&gt;In D1, every time a Clever Dragon dropped in IB, I *could* get excited. You *could* get excited? How much longer are we going to clutch onto the chances that you *could* get a meaningful random roll in D1? Too many people are looking back with rose colored glasses and forgetting all the times the roll they got wasn't worth anything.
&gt;tokens are handled differently than faction rank packages in D1 in that they can’t increase your Power. Unless I'm missing something, that isn't a problem with the token system itself though...
When you resort to name calling it really shows that you have an intellectual point to make.
&gt;They're doing their best to keep people happy, then a patch drops, and it contains the opposite of what they've been told to tell us. Part of this problem is that the crowd they are [supposedly] trying to appease (casuals) isn't nearly as vocally active as, say, this subreddit. So if they are doing a good job (at least from the PoV of the people who enjoy the game and don't use a 3rd party site such as reddit) it's a lot harder to tell.
I guess I'm just tired of chasing carrots on sticks then. Random rolls just feel shallow to me; there's no depth to slot machines. I don't want to keep playing a game because I haven't found X gun with Y combination of perks, I've played plenty of games like that, and after long enough the reason to keep playing just feels artificial. That's not 'depth'. I don't want to play a game to chase loot that's *just right*, I want to play a game because it has great mechanics and a compelling universe. &gt;Guns all feel very similar This is simply solved by better balance and adding more guns. There's a huge variety of guns between the many archetypes out there, some are just choked out by the meta. I firmly believe its possible to fix the variety issue without reintroducing random rolls. &gt;there are basically 3 armors in the game in terms of functional differences I don't see why this is an issue; hell, even 3 types is restrictive. I think it's a huge boon to be able to wear whatever you want without it really impacting gameplay. &gt;And a static loot pool introduces other problems. The faction rally has a limit of 30 engrams per event. I'm gated for grinding for the weapon I currently want (the Maxim sniper), by an artificial limit? Why are they doing this? I agree on this, the limit of 30 just seems tacked on b/c of how small the pool of weapons currently is. However, like I said above, random rolls isn't the only solution to this problem. &gt;Borderlands has random rolls, diablo did (not sure if they still do), many rpgs use randomness on the gear itself to make activities more interesting, and to drive player investment. And many don't. Like you already said, D2 could instead go along a route similar to Warframe.
I've already addressed that topic [in another chain](https://dm.reddit.com/r/DestinyTheGame/comments/7rbhmc/is_the_issue_with_the_new_faction_weapons_them/dsvzkk1/)
Then most people are just sticking around too long
&gt;and the population is still big TBF, the population can be big but mostly filled with casual players. This allows for the game to be in a healthy state player wise, while also allowing for end game activities to be largely unpopulated. &gt;I guess the peoples complaining are a minority Still a definite possibility.
&gt; In Destiny 2, almost every weapon can be interchanged with another Personally, I prefer horizontal progression like this. The current system just needs more depth and some better balancing.
&gt; new gun drops and we already know our Better Devils or Uriel’s Gift is the better choice. It didn’t used to be that way. I addressed that when I said the system needs more depth/balancing.
&gt;and this exact reason alone is why i sit and wonder why anybody even bothers playing this game anymore Some people don't need progression to enjoy a game
I don't recall D2 being marketed as a progression based game, it's certainly not why *I* bought it. Regardless, not sure why it's relevant to what I said. I just shed some light on your "wondering".
The same.
&gt;you feigning ignorance doesn't change that fact I simply said I don't recall. I'll take your word for it. &gt;yeah and now i'm wondering why people chose to play a supposed progression based game when they don't enjoy progression or don't need it to enjoy games Maybe because they found something else to like about Destiny? It has more going for it than just a "supposed progression system".
They are, as progression promotes investment.
You could argue the traveler is weaker after the events that transpired at the end of the Red War campaign. Seems it took a huge burst of energy to rid Ghual, and that burst traveled beyond our Galaxy. I don't see how this would make us stronger when the Traveler appears to be in a weakened and vulnerable state.
You're falsely assuming everyone was able to collect (and kept) all the guns from the last rally.
Thank you for this confirmation!
&gt; The fun in D&amp;D comes from the challenge, not walking like a god through any enemy in the book Tbf, "fun" is subjective. The reason people have for playing is something that *needs* to be talked about during a session 0 or you'll have players with clashing mindsets that can't get along with themselves and/or the DM.
I'd rather see sticky grenades removed entirely. They don't really serve any role in the slower meta of PvP we have now.
Who said the casuals were gone? If anything, it's the other way around.
Are we *ok* with instant summon being the goto perk? Or should we have perks be more desirable?
Because bursting down a boss with heavy ammo is fun and exciting gameplay. ^^^/s Personally I like having to rely on my kinetic/energy to do damage. It makes the game feel like a *shooter*.
I haven't had any problems finding competitive games. Sometimes I'll see some of the same people from the last match, but there's always enough people after a couple minutes. What region do you play on and during what time? I play in EST and have managed to get matches quickly even when its 4-5am.
The entire archetype of high impact hand cannons are 3 taps, not just the 1 gun.
It depends on majorities, which we are incapable of measuring. Personally, I like the niche D2 currently fills. There are already games where you can get OHKs and spam abilities (like Overwatch).
&gt; But sure, let's get hung up on the fact that there's one Archtype of a few hand cannons that can 3 shot players if you're somehow able to control the bloom and land 3 precision shots. (Pst. These guns are trash and almost no one uses them in favor of guns that do it more reliably) Wasn't my point, I was just correcting you. (Psst, these guns are amazing on PC).
It would've been available even if NM lost though...right? Just during the next rally.
Some aspects of high impact weapons are objectively bad. They often share very similar optimal TTKs among other archetypes when sustaining crits, however their body shot TTK suffers heavily. As they currently are, all high impact weapons are high risk almost no reward. That fact stands regardless of your personal opinion on the gun.
&gt;I feel like if you learn "Why" the Meta is Meta than that leads to progression because you start to understand why certain things are used over others This doesn't work if the balance is inherently flawed.
Let me admit that learning is indeed progression. However the progression I previously assumed we were talking about was player improvement, such as better aiming, map awareness, etc...not knowledge acquisition. (I never employed a strawman :D )
That would require storing *lots* of data across the many things you can apply shaders to. &gt;DON'T WAIT 4 MONTHS. Seriously. This isn't a complicated system. It's not complicated. But I seriously doubt Bungie currently has the data infrastructure to handle what you ask for. Storing data takes space, and space isn't cheap. That's *part* of the reason our vaults are as small as they are. It would be easier to transition back to unlimited use shaders.
I wouldn't go that far. They could know and simply not care, which is a completely different story. Why is this sub so quick to make assumptions and rally behind them?
I'm still impressed when I see people with Prestige gear or Trails ornaments. Saying *nothing* is interesting in D2 is just over exaggerating.
Or it gets ignored and replaced. There is more than one approach here.
I didn't realize it was so difficult to be a decent human being.
&gt; But did all these years of people in this subreddit being constructive lead Bungie to do? Sometimes you have to take a step away from yourself and realize the game isn't tailored specifically to the people on this sub. Others play it too and they are allowed to have different opinions and preferences for how they want to play the game. You can present your dissatisfaction without sounding entitled and putting your wants above the wants of different players. You putting more hours into the game doesn't inherently make you more important either. A player who spends 4 hours a week playing Destiny over the course of a year is just as important as someone who plays 40 hours a week over the course of the same year.
&gt;It's pretty clear Bungie is lost. Or they are apathetic. If you don't see that then you are close minded. Just because I don't share your narrow perspective doesn't mean I place faith in them.
FWC offered a Fusion Rifle, not a Sniper.
Weird, they are labeled as ornaments when you talk to Benedict 99-40.
Ah, that makes sense. The ornaments look so similar to the base set, I was easily confused. Shame the ornament only adds a glow, that's what the Prestige set should be for!
They aren't going to do it. They've stated they won't and why. Yet people keep banging their heads on this wall hoping it'll cave...
You are much better off just joining a clan on PC. In the event that you jump over to XBOX for whatever reason for an activity or 2, they can simply re-add you to your old clan.
When you refuse to consider alternate perspectives, it is by definition.
&gt;Who are you to say what I've considered when coming to my personal conclusion on things? I'm not one to say, but your own words are: &gt;&gt;It's pretty clear Bungie is lost. If you don't see that then you place faith in them.
&gt;it failed because it was just a bland uninteresting game I happen to think Overwatch is more bland than Destiny, yet its wildly popular. It's just a matter of opinion.
In the higher ELOs Overwatch is very much a more extreme team shooter than D2.
&gt;I use the term "sweaty" for people that, no matter if it's a quickplay or a competitive match, always play with the most efficient loadout and do whatever they can to win, thus why I said "no fun allowed". You will find these people in quite literally any competitive game or gamemode. D2 isn't special in this regard, it's not worthy of an argument.
*As you tell someone what to do yourself*
I thought Eternity's edge had 100% efficiency?
Since there's a lot of love for emblems in D2, at the very least there should be some dedicated to scannables. Ideas: - Emblem that tracks the number of scannables you've investigated. Really straight forward - Emblems that unlock once you find all scannables for a planet. Functions similar to the emblems you found doing lost sectors.
I really enjoyed the character development. Ghaul reminds me a lot of Handsome Jack from Borderlands 2. Personally, I also thought the speaker had some really good voice lines too.
&gt;In D2 so far Maybe it's future proofing?
If you want an actual census you need to measure numbers *and* opinions. Of course population numbers will drop as people who don't like the way things are ultimately leave. That fact doesn't invalidate the opinions of those who enjoy how things are and still play. This game attracts attention from players with wildly diverse mindsets.
Hopefully some of the changes over the next year can recapture your interest. All things aside, thanks for being open. It's not common to find someone willing to be open enough to talk about an opinion that isn't there own.
Depends. If you flank the enemy team has a couple options, and your team has a couple counter options. 1. You flank and only 1 opponent turns to deal with you. If you win the 1v1 you can now push a 4v3. 2. You flank and more than 1 opponent turns to deal with you. While you handle or stall the 1vX, your team gets the chance to push a 4vX against whoever didn't turn or can chase the opposing team while you backpedal. 3. Yoy flank and nobody turns to deal with you. You can get free kills while the opposing team attempts to push a 3v4. It's really a numbers game that *does* present players with options. It's just not as free as it was in D1 due to how easy it was to kill anyone in D1.
Etania S14 is also great. 3-round burst and hip-fire grip. Hip-fire grip is phenomenal since you want to be hip-firing all burst sidearms anyways due to how inaccurate they are when ADS ([Source]( https://dm.reddit.com/r/DestinyTheGame/comments/7lum7l/aiming_down_sights_with_burst_sidearms_is_less/)).
A lot of popular competitive games have absolutely 0 skill expression...your statement makes 0 sense.
&gt;It's a constant reminder of how much less mobile I am Shouldn't the other classes be less mobile than Hunters? Makes perfect sense imo.
A lot of MOBAs have fixed skill kits (LoL, Dota), as does popular shooters like Overwatch. The games I listed also have among the most popular and successful E-sports scenes gaming has seen. It's not uncommon to restrict or flat out inhibit skill customization. That's what you mean by skill expression, correct?
Failure isn't always a great teacher, especially at that young an age. It could instead just lead to them resenting the game.
A shield is listed under armor in the PHB (p145). What's in Xanathar's is likely a typo.
&gt;I don´t see my guardian 90% of the time because it´s an fps Sometimes fashion isn't about *you*, it's about how *others* see you
Leviathan (especially how they are handling lairs) 4v4 (6v6 is too much of a clusterfuck for my taste) Guardian dress up (can mix and match armor without consequence, especially with new MW)
Oh, I was just mistaken then. Thank you for clarifying!
They never said they did a good job; I think everyone is reading into this a bit much. "Wrapped up the story" can simply mean they won't come back to it, whether it was 'unfinished' or not. There's no right/wrong here, just agreement/disagreement.
As a Titan, the melee perks look fantastic!
This goes for all NPCs, not just Asher.
I hope they do nerf Orpheus, given they make the other exotics more worthwhile in their sandbox update. More equal options = good, but I think everything being on par w/ current Orpheus is too much.
But there is hope! Bungie is looking to add ranked play! I forget where on the timeline we'd have it by however.
Nope, no separate raid perks. They are shared across all raid content AFAIK.
The forum and clan functionality is also sorely lacking. Why can't I delete my own topics? Why can't I delete clan chat channels? Why can't I delete my own comments in my clan chat channels?
&gt;so you can't enter into any specific part of the Crucible and show your stuff in a fair fight if it's not a specific part of Crucible, hopefully it's just all of Crucible, which is even better IMO
&gt;There is nothing about these systems that included matchmaking You can argue there's no reason to have these scores if they aren't used for some form of matchmaking
TBF, if you create an elitist gamemode only the elitist will play, and the elitist make up a tiny percentage of the playerbase. If you want a bigger trials audience, that means making Trials less of an elitst activity, [which people are vocally against (read the top comments)](https://dm.reddit.com/r/DestinyTheGame/comments/7u1r5g/screw_gameplay_mechanics_i_dont_play_trials/).
Not if you leave after the first engagement. The tokens you get from 3 losses is the same as 1 win. If you leave 2 bad games and win the 3rd, you end up net positive.
Is this just when you hover over the weapon when inspecting? If so, it's probably just a UI thing. The "perk preview" never showed all the major perks anyways.
Crucible is just riddled with quitters and bad matchmaking. I've noticed many of my games are stomps; not many are the close nail biters you get when you pit teams of equal skill against one another.
Pricing also reminds me of Destiny 2, which also isn't F2P
&gt; If you want grind your masteries its just annoying. If you really want to grind masteries why not hunt solo? If you PUG *you have* to expect everyone is going to do their own thing with no regard for the objectives *you* are trying to complete. Occasionally you'll find great squadmates but that cannot be your standard. Either play solo if you are actively working towards goals that other people can sabotage or find more organized groups to play with. This is no different than other lobby based games.
2H still wouldn't be used over a staff; staves are really only used because wall of elements can maintain the debuff from your Crusher enchantment even after you switch bars. 2H would need some form of ground AoE like wall of elements to realistically replace staves.
You don't need to follow a build so much as learn from it. Understand what buffs/debuffs are important, how to stack various types of attacks (spammables, AoEs, DoTs), what key armor sets to look for, and the general flow of a good rotation. Once you understand concepts like that combat will become much easier and you'll be able to 'do what you want' without gimping yourself. You can learn the hard way through self exploration and frustration or just refer to guides many content creators have put out there.
Found the image on their tumblr. For anyone else interested: https://kikkujo.tumblr.com/image/158551914700
