I don't know. I keep on remembering the US "pulling out" of the Middle East a bit in the past and it seems like another problem pops up in the place. Didn't Obama "pull out" of Iraq? I guess we should actually make sure the place is relatively stable and self-sufficient so we don't have to go back and clean up another Al-Queda or ISIS or whatever the hell is actually going on over there. *That being **said.*** People are problematic with American intervention, understandably so, so if the US can keep an eye on the region while minimizing political manipulation (so we can be better the Country than a certain *other* nation) that would be great but as I am someone who has never dealt with the maintenance of a nation (or anything for that matter, closest I get is Worldbuilding), I cannot sat the details. This just seems like treading old ground and does not sound like it'll be good.
I browse too much r/polandball that it was startling seeing the Polish flag right way up.
Agreed on the hypocrisy but you yourself are also doing a Holier than though sort of bit. ^^^And ^^^to ^^^my ^^^degeneracy ^^^I ^^^return
I frequently say on her just how badly I personally would like to turn Stormlight into an animated series. I still stand by that, but it might take me a decade to when get to that point.
Idea: She's completely aware of what anon's doing and is fucking with him.
Flint was a bureaucratic fuck up at worst. It was very much their fault, but it was incompetence not malice. (Also, I'm pretty sure it wasn't even a *federal* mistake but a local government mistake.)
Toon link has &gt;w&lt;
But when people use metaphors about it, it's in reference to the moon. Just like how "neck-deep" doesn't necessarily have to be about flooding, but it's a metaphor about flooding.
And together they are MistleBros
I say HeroAca but type BNHA
Conquest isn't a Horsemen. I would assume Famine for Terraforming.
My friends and I once accidentally did a one-shot based on the Thing. It was originally an Arctic Zombie survival. But then one of us got bit and everything spiraled.
It was a very protoform of Vaccines. They noticed milk-maids who contracted cowpox (a fairly harmless disease) would be immune to smallpox (something more deadly). They would expose the patients to something from the maid. I think it was actually pus.
When I was watching the movie I turned to my friend and whispered "Have you ever saw a man fight a rectangle" In return he said, "It's the boss baby!"
I work at a Soda Shop and we have dog treats on hand for this kind of situation.
I once had the idea for a Zelda Game that expands upon BotW and it has instances of where Zelda is a companion (but like a flesh and blood companion unlike ST) and she can run errands occasionally and so will show up with equipment like potions, weapons, food, armor etc for you. Because she follows you around, I also thought you might be in conflict with Ganondorf, a more anti-villain who in this incarnation, is a traveling Gerudo Mercenary who really does *not* want to be the king of Evil. So he tries to kidnap Zelda, who you're protecting, so she can use her magic to sort of Cleanse Ganon of his destiny or whatever. And there could be multiple endings depending on how you handle it. Like for example if you constantly are able to fend him off, you get Ganon as the final boss of the game instead of a villain who doesn't have a connection to him. Or, if you fail at finding him off and lose but save Zelda, then nothing happens with the ending. He's cleansed so he has no other business with you. *OR* you fend him off but follow/try talking to him afterward to set this straight, this not only being able to cleanse him but also get him like as an ally for the end of the game against the other Final Boss. I have a shit ton of ideas for this concept tho. Like the idea that Zelda periodically changes her hairstyle and if you compliment her when she does you heal some hearts or whatever.
It's nearly at 2K upvotes
I'm actually mad that Darth Bane is included and not Darth Plagueis. Darth Plagueis lived at the same or similar time as the other Siths but isn't included.
Miss what now.
*Oh* Oh yeah absolutely. I thought like right after I stopped watching Minecraft videos there was a YT show called cringenight or something like that.
Spiderman.
My friend group is almost 50/50 split on White and NonWhite. There are 5 white guys and A Native Amerindian, someone of Korean descent, a Mexican and actually the rest are Latino. There have been occasions where I was the only white dude when hanging out. We sometimes joke that to increase our diversity quota, we need to get a black friend and a gay friend, but we also have a hunch that one of us is Bi and we already joke that with all of us combined you get a single Gay-man.
Could you link it to me?
He isn't. All of his other comics show that.
Interesting little statistic, men are more likely to die if their spouse passed away recently as opposed to no change in comparison women. Some theories as to why it happens is that men get most if not all of their emotional support from their spouse while women tend to spread it out between all of their peers. Because of that, it's assumed that men lose vital support in their life in comparison to women, who have multiple sources of support.
Come for Womble stay for Cyanide
r/woooosh
But yours is better.
I memorized the license plate of my parents car.
Bruh. Tumblr hates the porn ban. They wouldn't want to associate with this person.
The bots are still there.
The French are one of the first allies for the US and are a good nation to work with.
He's also called the mad Titan.
How did you just now learn that?
I think the Kiss is an attempt to distract from the Betrayal.
*Which is explicitly mentioned in the movie!*
The use of "They/them" as a singular pronoun has been in the standard lexicon for a long time and it's amusing that you feel the need to correct native speakers on something that's not even a problem. Real world examples of "They/Them" being used in reference to a singular person: "Someone's at the door for you." "Oh? What do they want?" "I have to buy a 'Get-Well-Soon' gift for one of my coworkers." "Do you have an idea on what to get them?"
"Don't come to school on Friday"
I would also choose this guy's dead wife.
I have 2 emails. One that I use for everything and one that I use for business. I have it set up where the Business Email forward everything to my main email.
What about some asymmetrical designs in addition.
I have school off but I do work today
Something something broken arms.
Monsieur
But where do they get the coating? From the consumption of the large Sour Watermelons?
I'm doing some grinding on PC before I migrate over.
Those 120 years were intense.
I pick random sounds as well but then I end up with a prolific usage of Rs, Ls, Ss, and Ns.
One of the biggest things I can't wait for technology to reach is Resistance.
I've also seen the expression "eat it up" used for when something is just accepted and loved without question. It could be good, like the phrase "The dog was so cute that she could eat him up" or bad like "The lies were so perfect that the crowd ate it up."
Cubs of different fathers are competition for the lion's own offspring. Technically it's good parenting.
Cubs of different fathers are competition for the lion's own offspring. Technically it's good parenting.
You've read all of Mistborn though? The main stories?
If you want to spoil yourself very very mildly with like... I guess Secret History moving forward. &gt;!But the Well of Ascension is Preservation's Perpendicularity.!&lt;
Paca's great.
I see it as something for stereotypes. I assume everyone on Reddit is a dude unless proven otherwise. I assume everyone on Tumblr is a chick unless proven otherwise. I assume everyone in the YT comments section is a child.
For the sucked or the sucker.
This one time I had a dream where I saw my crush for the first time in a long time, we sat down to talk which turned into her stripping. That's when I realized it was a dream and I woke myself up because it was now just weird and it wouldn't feel right.
Thanks. Now you got me thinking about the coloration of his pubic hair.
I will say, my friend's mom is fake as shit. She called my friend group gutter trash and keeps on trying to tie down my friend...
Not this shit again
Same. I've gotten to where I am completely solo. There are still parts of this game I still don't understand.
If you don't tailor to your audience, it's a bad joke.
Totally Spies is a fetish of the week show.
With our powers combined we can have UltimateRoastedPeanuts.
The stripe of the leg is the same color as the floor. At first glance it looked like two legs standing apart instead of a leg with a stripe. That's really it.
Empty Truck Stops
Then why the fuck is it called Sodomy..
√2???? That just sounds completely irrational!!
They're meaning minutes hours seconds
From what I picked up, the ***top comments*** touched upon nothing pertaining to LGBT+ as a group and movement, with most people generally accepting of the group. What is being heavily debated about, *however*, is Capitalism in itself.
I am on a Discord Server and I am pretty much the only cishet guy on there. I even jokingly started calling myself the token straight guy when it pertains to the conversation. It's basically how I feel on that server, although it's all wayyyyy more chill.
&gt; Skin tone doesn't give people nearly as much of an advantage in life as money does. The fact that this concept is debated (even in fringe groups) is troubling. It's that same kind of thought process as Trump claiming to have come from nothing with only "a small loan of a million dollars." These people are out of touch with reality. That's the original comment. Nowhere does it say "skin tone doesn't make a difference." What was said instead was "Skin tone doesn't give people *nearly as much* of an advantage." It's not an absolute claim but a relative claim that the person is making.
I have scrolled pretty far and have yet to see people shit talk Sherman so far. Good. The South was so eager to go to war that they did not know what war would bring. War is not some gentleman's game that one plays with the chaps one evening. War is hell and Sherman made absolute certain the South would come to understand that.
This is the worst form of misrepresentation of the US in international media. Worse than all of the everyone's fat, racist, violent, gun-toting hicks stereotypes.
Canadian devil at least apologizes.
It's more of the heat. I don't typically think pizzas as particularly spicy. While I simultaneously put red pepper flakes...
Cause it wasn't trying to be funny.
Get in the building Shinji!!!!
It was explicitly stated that the time travel doesn't affect the current timeline! Hulk said this! It's how Nebula doesn't die by killing her past self. It's how Loki running away doesn't change anything going on in the present. It's how killing 2014 Thanos doesn't prevent Infinity War from happening. They are hopping between timelines, not back and forth their own. "BuT hOw dId CaP nOt eNd uP bAcK oN tHe Pad" He hopped back to the bench using Pym Particles because he decided to be fucking cheeky. "HoW wAs CaP AbLe tO ReTuRN tO tHe PrEsEnT WiThOut bEiNg AnChoRed?!" Same way Cap returned to the all of the same timelines that they took the stones from.
Sorry about that. You really are playing with fire by participating in this conversation
My father lost his ring finger to a chop saw. Get him a shit ton of butterfingers. That's what my dad was hoping people would bring him.
I haven't seen you and All Might in the same room either.
Bard goes from singer to break dancer. Actually. I'm saving that idea. Mute Break Dancer Bard
*AMERICA PERFECTED PIZZA!*
I zip up my hoodie around the wire for this reason
Downvote cause it doesn't fit the sub. Sorry mate. It's a good comic
Honestly, I still think you age everyone up by 2 years and nothing will change.
I will admit, the discord one is true... I was pretty cool with the person at first. Some of the tabletop rpg took place in homebrew world I built, and a world that was complex as hell and so whenever someone had any questions I would always be the authority to answer them. Someone else wanted to start an RP thing in the world. They asked for my notes. I handed some of them off, redacting some of the details I wish to remain a secret. Their RP thing became a bit more popular than mine. I internally grew jealous until it built up so much that when the person straight up said "I love this world I built" right in from of me it collapsed into a black hole and I now pretend their game doesn't exist and am now creating a rulebook to publish on the internet so I can have everything point back to me in the public eye (as it rightfully) and it will be my name associated with it as it's an Alternate Universe of a book series. No, I'm not bitter.
There are a lot of lines in the Dub that I prefer of the Sub. For example the pivotal line in Todoroki vs Deku: "It's yours! Your Quirk, not his!!!" Is 10,000 times better than "It's your's, isn't it?" While both are good, the absolute certainty and determination of the line is fucking stellar. All Might is fucking amazing. One example is "Holy Stinking Super-Crap" is amazing as opposed to just "Oh my Goodness" There's also All Might vs. Nomu with the line "You may have heard these words before but I'll show you what they truly mean." There are definitely instances where the inverse is true, but I can get really engaged in the fight scenes via dub.
Or David is a legitimately terrible person.
It's instantaneous in Majoras Mask
I love this series
It has the St. George's Cross, St. Andrew's Cross, and St. Patrick's Saltire all in one on the Union Jack.
I've made my decision
A lot of breweries I have been to had in house brewed Root Beers. One off the top of my head served Brisket Mac and Cheese. Those two things are something breweries offer that standard restaurants don't. Also it was a lively atmosphere akin to European Pubs, based off the descriptions from other Redditors. I say this as a minor.
Oh afterward she lived. Our Bard revived me immediately, because they were having fun. Also, I'm our glass Cannon being a Hexblade and all.
His favorite Game of all time is Radiant Dawn/Path of Radiance. One of those two
Manta Rays are not the same as Stingrays
This is Bi Erasure. Achilles stopped fighting cause his girlfriend was stolen and started fighting to avenge his boyfriend.
Okay, K built to be the glass cannon. I'm the off Rogue.
Not wanting to go where they came, but not wanting to venture any further.
Simple Physics. Pressure=Force/Area You want to do more, either increase the force, decrease the Area, or Both. Increase both at the same rate gives no change. Increase Area much more quickly and you do less for more.
Just say you've never dated. No need to pretend you got game.
Nope. It has the signature Ken M bait and switch.
Not enough people play them on a competitive level so you aren't acquainted with their counters. The more people do something, the more valuable it is to do anything else
Lesbians Exist, especially on tumblr
Well. The difference is that (I'm assuming) it's treated as a problem in the US if that makes sense.
Honestly, I was hoping it was real. I complain incessantly about all of the new shit people add to pizza and all the wacky flavors that are boasted. Bitch. I just want a normal God damn pizza.
No. I'm just saying *do you know where you are?*
That is hilarious.
All of the comments in the original thread are praising how gentle these giants are
It's Thanatos. The extra H stands for HAMAZING!
Sekiro is literally just Japan in the 15th century but with magic!
No. You don't understand. Sekiro is *literally* Japan. Real world Japan. In the opening cutscene they actually say "in the Sengoku Era," period of History in Japan where various organizations fought for control of the island, the Ashina being one of these groups.
The more people do one thing, the more valuable it is to do something else.
You push on coin, coin pushes on you. Coin hits wall. You push coin and wall. Coin and wall push you. Wall doesn't move. You move.
The Boyfriend can be her brother
r/beetlejuicing
Or CDI "How about a KiSs?" "You have got to be kidding me!"*
r/TheLostWoods
When it comes to Coding I never say "Not too hard to do" I know jack shit so it's best that I don't cast judgment on something that I am aware is fickle.
Majora's mask has a lot of themes with Death as well. One of the pivotal mechanics is taking up the identity of those who died. Butler's Son, Darmani, Mikau for example. Then there's Ikana Canyon, an entire kingdom of the dead. Everyone facing death through the moon. And then there's (albeit stupid as hell) "LoInK eEs dEd" theory. I'm in the realm of Majora's Horror since it is A) More in your Face B) A direct sequel to a popular Zelda Game C) Uses the same engine. Hell, I say Breath of the Wild is a good counterpart for Ocarina as both games have dark undertones but are generally lighter on the surface.
It was a reply to a comment talking about Rule 34 what did you expect
I don't even care if she's playable. I just want Zelda as a constant companion.
Link to the Future
Where did I say Anime Sword Fighters? I just said Dragon Quest is very popular.
Then they were suckers who were taken advantage of and to brag about one's ancestory under the flag is to either boast about owning people or being manipulated by the upper class and government to die for the right of owning people.
It's not the modeling that takes a long time (well. I mean that does take a bit but not what I'm getting at) It's the Engine itself. The physics of the world and how it interacts with itself. And Breath of the Wild has the most complex engine of any Zelda game with its interacting Game Systems. Since they're reusing the engine (and models), the time that it takes to build one from the ground up is instead devoted to the general design and honing other parts of the game. It's how Majora's Mask was made in 18 months.
It's honestly why I don't think Hayden Christiansen is not that bad and even a good actor, but that probably Lucas was just not that great of a writer/director. Samuel L Jackson was a little dry in the prequels and no one blamed him. Hayden really pulled off his facial expressions and when he stopped saying Lucas's lines he was really fucking good.
Wait. That wasn't a typo? *[Intense googling]* Shit. TIL
Honestly same. The only time I use a handbrake is on steep hills.
I killed it after I wasted the Bone Blade. I'm at Rom now.
But Steel is heavier than feathers.
Chinese Tapei has Gay. That's China, __*isn't it?*__
Mash Potatoes Are probably one of the best ways to eat Potatoes. And it doesn't make you feel horrible like chips and fries.
We have people talking about a kid moving from Manhatten to Connecticut. Literally ~200 miles in the same nation.
Oh God. I'm a ginger and I just remembered this ain't that common. Anyways.
I fucking love that image. Here. I'll share a [full res version](https://i.imgur.com/BTOpsxa.png)
The splitting of Germany wasn't right down the middle through Berlin. It was right down the middle with Berlin being completely encased in the East half and West Berlin being an Enclave surrounded entirely by East Germany.
Because you can't use time willy nilly. They do that because they're a time travelling organization.
It means it's the highest it could be but I can't guarantee it's actually high res.
Oh. Should I do Cainhurst as well then? I dropped in to swipe the knights set and then left.
Yeah. The Nobody meme was mostly for something that was A) beating a dead horse and B) No one asked for, and C) not ending anytime soon. Kinda like Nobody Memes in general
My Ex Husband still misses me. #***BUT HIS AIM IS GETTING BETTER!!***
I say this is more of a r/comedymutation. (There's a lot of these subs, I know). Not really a better home than the original just a different punch line entirely and could be considered equal to the oregano
My therapist is Male so I say go for it. There's someone out there who's blaring a frequency that only your radio can pick up.
His name was V. Samurai was Keanu's nickname for him and the jacket design. This was them using the Male version in contrast to the Female version last year to hammer in that you can design characters, as the Female protagonist was named V as well.
I skipped a grade and my friend group from 5th Grade to graduation stayed the same, as we were all in the same grade. I would not be the person I am right now without them. I would not be an artist without them. I would not be pursuing animation without them. One of those friends recommended I watch an animated show in 6th Grade. I got really into it. I started writing fanfiction and making OCs as a 6th Grader about that show. I posted my art pertaining to the fandom to a niche art website, where the people there encouraged me and my young artist mind to continue. I would bounce story ideas off that friend that first introduced me to the show for years to come to this day. We both wanted to be storytellers and created characters for both of our worlds. If I was ever placed into Kindergarten that year, I would have never met him and never would have become an artist. So yeah, I would agree.
Do you have a link to it?
It's so fucking good. My favourite of the bunch
If that includes bringing Gwenpool to the screen I'm down
*Couldn't they have casted Mend?*
The Southern Belle I will say I know an older woman from Georgia and I love her accent and mannerisms.
Fuck the blow darts
Considering that those born after July of 2001 are minors, that gives 8 and a half years of adults to criticize and 17 ish years of children.
No. He's just a Naval Commander.
Be specific. Two girls on separate occasions said they found my eyes pretty and even though the most recent one was Freshman year in High School, I'm still riding that high.
Why does she have teeth?
Dalinar from Stormlight Archive. Like a lot of his life, he is defined by before and after His Memory loss Before he wasn't the greatest. After, however, the man is a powerhouse. Not only is he protective of his biological sons, but his soldiers and more specifically, His Nephew and Kaladin in addition. On multiple occasions, he has threatened other people because they disrespected his sons or men. One example is how in Way of Kings, after Sadeas insults Renarin's many afflictions, he gives Sadeas a single chance to redact what he just said, or he will fucking rip his head off, to put it creatively. Dalinar is not a perfect man. He is someone who has... Done a lot of terrible shit. His marriage was shaky from the start, and ultimately goes up in flames in the end. His relationship with his youngest son, Renarin, has been difficult for him. Raising a Neurodivergent child isn't easy in general, especially in a culture that revolves around War, and at first he was very reluctant to even interact with him, later on, he accepts his son. Both of his sons and even Elhokar and Kaladin. So much so that when the King tries to rashly put Kaladin, a man he didn't know just months prior, to death in Words of Radiance, Dalinar makes a similar ultimatum as the one in Way of Kings: A Single opportunity to strike out for him to strike out his previous statement. Dalinar is honestly a powerhouse of a man and I could go on with tangents of him supporting his children.
Zuko. It's time to look inward and ask yourself the big question: Big tits with no ass or big ass with no tits?
Donkiel Bananaworth Kong the Third
Grandfather
Like Switzerland
Hell yeah
I was first being mildly sarcastic about that Second, it was Neutral all throughout the Cold War, and so was considered Third World
It was a joke. I'm calling Switzerland poor
Literally only Oregon and New Jersey are the ones that don't have Gas attendants. Scratch that. Oregon just had its law changed. It's now exclusively New Jersey.
Not even Oregon anymore. Exclusively Jersey
Nope. Oregon just had its law changed.
I was about to say... That Wit stands out. Thing is, the drawing that's from actually has Shallan in it, but that's obviously not her. I can recognize that style anywhere. It belongs to one of my good friends.
r/MasterForgiveMe
Hi from Utah. The entire economy of Evanston, Wyoming is selling Liquor and Fireworks to those who hop the border.
The Irish Surname Drennon means Grandson of Blackthorn I know this because my D&amp;D character's last name is Drennin and I discovered this when googling its meaning.
The artists are Gurihiru! They are some of my favorite artists out there. Another comic off the top of my head that they worked on is Marvel's The Unbelievable Gwenpool
Deck of One Thing. It's a functioning Deck of Many Things except every card is The Idiot. I was going to say the type of Deck you get is randomized but that's just the Deck of Many Things but way worse. You either get a ton of shit that is broken and carries 0 risk to the point you can be drowning in Moon Cards or you absolutely screw yourself over and you have an army of Devils after you. So I picked Idiot. It screws over one person and doesn't put them in direct danger. It could be an interesting inciting incident to get the party to restore their intelligence, require a switch up playstyles, have no effect, or be an excuse to drop the character. So the suspense isn't what is drawn but more who draws it. Also, if the character is a genius already and if they don't draw multiple cards, they're fine. Upside is if you can get other people to draw it.
Some women have teeth and hair growing on their ovaries. I learn this when I researched weird medical facts for my character who was a doctor.
Me getting a drink from every bartender I approach is fine but if the bartender got a drink with every customer that approached him, there would be problems.
Hello Audiobook listener! It's spelled Wyndle
Thank you for taking my original comment at face value and not applying any form of nuance to it. English counts as a "different" language btw.
[Relevant](https://youtu.be/nTKRppO533o)
Especially since "I" is the only pronoun that goes with "am." Like how it's grammatically correct to drop "Yo" from "Yo soy" in Spanish.
That's why he uses storms. But cause it's technically not a swear.
4 E E E E E E E E E E E E E E E E E E E E E E E E E
You should have thought about that before you got 27 pets.
Year's back this one girl I knew just started playing with my hair. She was a friend of a friend and she just started doing it while we were all sitting and talking. It was euphoric and it was the only time someone played with my hair at all.
I'm 17, what'd you expect?
I wang to empathize with people getting mana screwed and also realize a mistake I made after I made it a publically hate myself because of it.
You're Rogue Legacy-ing this bitch
I always thought Bolin had an affinity for Lava Bending is because his parents were from both Fire Nation and Earth Kingdom
"Sporks!!!!! Help!!!!" "Cookie man says no" Only thing I remember from that movie.
I exclusively play Ember for fun.
Something something Roll Tide
If you do get hit by the ball, you're almost immediately finished off with the guillotine.
Was it? Aw man.
What is your race now?
I as a Hunter of Hunters will be a doot doot dooting over here in the corner.
It's called insulation. It's a two way road. Makes it harder to become cold, but always makes it harder to warm up
I meant what I said
*I meant what I said*
Well, there's the Prelude, The Prologue, but what's number 3? The one with Kaladin in Amaram's army? Isn't it officially Chapter 1
Plus a machine gun
That is unless you use Last of US's interpretation, where the Cordyceps just hijacks the mind instead of killing it outright. That's how the fungus works in the real world.
I fucking love that story
There's a third term "on 3s" for when each frame is held even longer, giving it a frame rate of 8 FPS. This style is more commonly used in anime production since they don't have use as many frames and can produce it more quickly
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.
They didn't want to be Americans. It's why they were flying that flag
I am pretty sure that was the whole *point*
I'll add on with the downtown bit. Friday night my friends and I were walking around downtown Salt Lake City. Just checking out the shops around Main St. One of us had the idea to head to a mall just east of downtown. However, it's quite a walk to head over there. So, we just hopped on a tram, which is free when using downtown stops, and took it to the mall. We dicked around in a science museum for way too long, walked around, and caught the tram back. We ate dinner at a Ramen Bar and walked to get Gelato for dessert. I wish our public transport was better, that it was more accessible statewide. Especially when the only realistic way out of my valley is through a single two-lane interstate. I mean... There are other roads out, but it heads away from the Salt Lake, adding on an hour and a half commute, or if you're insane, just drive over the peak of the mountain, which during the winter is just not doable. *That said,* free Tram access in Downtown Salt Lake? Hell yeah! Even if it only goes so far, it covers two malls, the sports arena, symphony, the SL Temple (as it is a tourist attraction), hotels, and a decent bit of Main Street.
It's on the cover of Arcanum Unbound.
I had to look up how tf to navigate Jabu Jabu's in Oracle of Ages
I am way more articulate on Reddit than irl. I actually sound like I know what I'm saying. I don't but I still sound like it.
That is Scooby Doo's full name. Scoobert Doo
This is History Channel
Tesla's not the only electric car out there and Space X ain't the only private aerospace corporation out there. And besides, Musk is the wallet, the actual qualitative achievements are performed by teams of engineers and researchers. At first, I thought his hate was overblown but as time goes on, I've discovered that he's just a prick.
Back at it again with White Bans
Danny Devito has the chaotic energy of your Father's brother. Jeff Goldblum has the equal and opposite chaotic energy, making him equivalent to your Mother's brother
To quote u/AJDx14 &gt;"No [she] wouldn’t. Zelda doesn’t reincarnate, Link does. Zelda is just a descendent of the goddess Hylia who happens to be named Zelda (because that’s royal tradition). Any Zelda would only have skills they learn during their own lifetime. If Zelda chose to learn how to wield a sword then she could, but BoTW Zelda hasn’t learned how to use any weapons. She is not a fighter, she is a scientist."
Link in BotW, despite previously wielding the Master Sword before, would straight up die if he wasn't strong enough. It's constantly described as the sword "choosing" its master. Link has an inherent connection to it. And Zelda doesn't *need* it. She can kick ass without the literal Evil Slayer. If one wants to elevate Zelda above Link (for some reason, They're equals in reality) you can call the Master Sword a crutch.
To be frank, the monsters haven't started showing up until after Ganon got loose. Or it can be assumed. His existence is linked to the blood moon and their generation after all.
We're banshees.
But Tawil is an empty piece of land. There's no one to oppress colonial rule.
I have a Warlock idea where it's just someone who adopted a tiefling and when they were like 5, made a pinky promise and now they're a Warlock.
Because it looks like the text was changed
Jokes on you, I'd love for that to happen
I like mm/dd because that's how it translates into language, at least for me. &gt;"What day is it today?" &gt; &gt;"Today is January 1st" (MM/DD) But Now that I use computers more and more often, YYYY-MM-DD has been slowly taking over.
Honestly, Sunraiser is my favorite Shardblade design. It has a certain elegance than many of the others are a little too bulky to compare
I actually have a Barbarian who was a tactical mastermind and the leader of a band of mercenaries. Her Rage just stems from the fact that they were all slaughtered because she trusted the wrong person and was betrayed. Now she's on a rampage of revenge and is really just lashing out because she's hurt and wracked with guilt because she was the only survivor.
&gt;and even if it theoretically was still kicking around, it's daytime when they do this test right? Pointing straight up from the ground during daytime is essentially aiming yourself at the sun, If only earth wasn't some flat object and in fact had some sort of curvature to it that would offset the angle of which an item is launched.
That's not how angles work. If you're flying from LA to Honolulu in a Euclidean setting, and you're one degree off, you'll be 44 miles off your intended target. The distance from the Sun is much farther than LA/Honolulu and the angle is much greater than a single degree.
My English Teacher made us watch a Ted Talk about a Psychiatrist who needed a Psychiatrist.
I thought the raciest thing was how fucking shredded Chidi was when he took off his shirt during his midlife crisis.
Meanwhile, when I have a dream about me almost fucking the girl I'm into, I realized it had to be a fantasy and forced myself awake because I didn't have consent.
Are those pubes?
My confidence in doing stupid shit is an inverted bell curve on how well I know the people around me. If I don't know them at all, fuck it. I'll never see them again. If I know them really well, fuck it. I'll go down as a legend among them. If I only sorta know them, then coming into work on Monday after lighting myself on fire would be a little awkward.
Didn't he drop out of Law School as well? Like, by his own volition? Because Getting into Law School is impressive enough.
Counterpoint: The witch is a metaphor for child predation and was a way to get an Aesop across for German children to probably not trust strangers inviting them into random houses, no matter how sweet they may appear.
&gt;*"Anytime someone calls attention to the breaking of gender roles, it ultimately undermines the concept of gender equality by implying that this is the exception and not the status quo"* *~Knuckles the Echidna*
Okay but also... *Zinc* Riot the orgasm.
My Paladin is just a dad. He helps people out, keeps an eye out for everyone, make sure they don't get hurt, advises them and lets them do their own choices on their own time, chastises them when they murder someone etc.
I mean... The Ottoman Empire fell after WW1, it's less impressive when you say it like that.
Better interpretation than having every patron be a Sugar Daddy.
Aphrodite (with an asterisk)
[Who knows...](https://scrivnomancer.tumblr.com/post/177813860702/read-to-the-end-you-should-revealed-the-power)
She likes supporting other artists and people who follow her SFW Twitter don't always want to see it. Especially with how Twitter's algorithm works where someone you follow just has to follow someone else in addition to see their posts.
Yeah. And there's a shit ton of an extremely valuable metal hidden on the ocean floor. Join me and my 4 friends in this submarine and we'll go looking for some. I sure hope we don't run into one of my other friends down there while looking for it as he smiles menacingly while another one of us bleeds to death after meeting his biological parents for the first time as being shot twice in the chest and we're ultimately taken captive by our boss's previous employment team which includes the father of our missing friend who disappeared mysteriously
Bingo
During Middle School, I would set a stopwatch to see how long it would take for me to notice I have a stop watch
My friend is playing a Paper White Tiefling, which is honestly more creative than Blue or Purple IMO, with antlers.
*Full Zatoichi* *Primary Slot* *Functions as normal Zatoichi unless you already have a Half Zatoichi equipped in melee. Then it:* *• Heals 100% of Base Health, extending into overheals.* *• Instantly kills anyone wielding a half or full Zatoichi, and their nearest ally.* *• Honorbound: If you haven't killed two people, it deals 100 damage to the user. If health is below 100, it can't be sheathed.* *• Hold Secondary Fire to fly for up to 10 seconds and deal damage in a small, 360° range.* *• Double Range of normal swords and takes twice as long to holster.* *• No random Crits*
No of course not. The simpler answer is that this is a repost.
It's like when my parents would yell my middle name.
Feathered dinosaurs are fucking rad and I will not stand for this slander.
I hope this is what my DM will do when I ask to have my Monk/Rogue be able to use Sneak Attack on Unarmed Strike. Because WotC deliberately made it not work that way despite the fact that a Monk Unarmed Strike is almost indistinguishable from a dagger in terms of stats so it's not overpowered, but fuck me for wanting some cohesion with my multiclass.
Given the fact that these are all different people saying it, I'd say it doesn't change anything, really
It also completely ruins any representation it has with France and now looks like its completely devoted to Spain Which the entire point of Andorra's existence is as a fusion of the two nations.
He is very prone to insulting everyone around him (on accident). This is purely because he doesn't know how to talk to people and how I justify his negative charisma score.
I mean... Smash Ultimate was announced in March and Released in December so its not unlike Nintendo
As opposed to his 16-year-old gerbil.
He's closer to an American Cowboy
He's a Rogue (Scout)/Monk (Drunken Fist) Cowboy
10 is a fluke and 12 is superior in every way.
Okay, no real human being looks like Cumonsnatch. EDIT: Also, that is clearly photoshopped
I gave my Tiefling Warlock a Cockney accent (while also playing cross-gender) and it's actually kind of hard. I constantly slip into Scottish for some reason. She's much harder to do than my Irish Twink voice. I also have a gruff voice I use too much; a "normal" woman voice; a deep "woman" voice where I actually pitch myself down but use my intonation to soften everything up, I have a very specific character for this; kid voice; 90s Protagonist voice; Kalitharzerak, the All Seeing One, which is just me talking with a vocal fry; Little Boy Voice; Little Girl Voice; Old Woman Voice; Old *Jewish* Woman; *Middle Aged* Jewish Woman; Old Man; Obama; Brooklyn; British; Refined Aussie Bastard; Very Bad Southern; Surfer Bro; and my Normal Voice. The hardest ones to do are the normal voices because I'm trying not to sound like a caricature. And it's especially hard when it is incredibly close to my normal voice.
Account is almost 3 years old.
Same. This username above was from 6th Grade. That said, I have started to use an abbreviation since I now like... exclusively respond to Inferno in friend groups and so the adjective is a bit long and superfluous.
My Warlock from Dragon Heist refuses to pay taxes.
Not in the Castlevania timeline! The Morris bloodline survives and continues to fight vampires.
I tried my hardest to remember what I did when I was 19 and then I remembered I'm 18.
People always like to jump to how the government has nukes, but the thing about Nukes is that they can never work in a Civil War. You nuked the enemy. Congratulations now you have an irradiated wasteland in you borders and have to clean it up.
I tend to have weird tangents, I was just expanding on your initial point and shooting down it before it could even established.
I feel that being Silent and being a fleshed out character is not mutually exclusive. Cause fuck mute people amiright? /s. I find his silence endearing and an interesting part of his character. Personally, I feel they need to commit to the silence honestly. Just have a canonically mute character. That said, they can give him other parts of his life without having him say a word, simply on the basis of him acting.
"Without fear in our hearts, we are little different from the beasts themselves." ~Eileen the Crow I love this line because it's a small personal comment. Everyone is losing their humanity around you, and here an Old Hunter who's seen it all, fought the most dangerous beasts and the most dangerous men, sees you, new and very ignorant of the world around and simply tells you that it's okay. You may die, but the emotions and fear, the hesitation on what you're doing may have terrible effects, are a part of you just like any other. I play a Hunter of Hunters in a BB D&amp;D game, and I like to create character playlists. One of the lyrics in said playlist is "If you ain't scared, then you ain't human." Which like the rest of the song is fitting, but I feel it's another way to say the above quote. It's okay to be afraid, because fear, like other emotions, is a part of you and is what makes you you.
Hi. Hunter of Hunters here. You two seem very eager for violence, almost a beastly form of Bloodlust I would. Would you like me to dice you up and serve you on a sushi roll so you may never hurt other people again, hmm?
Same. Everytime I try it I just think "maybe I haven't had good coffee yet" and nope. Still nah
Oh hey it's paca. I'm talking to her right now, I'll tell her you used the word gem.
Huh. He did. Where did I get that Idea?
My character is an asshole because he simply doesn't know how to talk to people. He stole to survive when he was young, and when he got a normal job, they still were warry about him, which made him defensive and abrasive, so even when he meets someone for the first time, he never learned to actually be nice. As such, he actually has an inferiority complex. Simply because ultimately, everyone hates him and his parents abandoned him. He recently hit rock bottom, because some sins of his past caught up to him, Old PC's were swapped out for New PC's (including his best friend), and he lost his hand and eye in a couple fights. And so he's just super depressed right now.
A car can outpace a bike any day, but it can't do this if the bike is there first.
Hey! My friend (aplpaca) is on that list. I always enjoy seeing her appear in these little places because she's so fucking cool and I'm totally not trying to soak it in by association. [Have a picture of her cats that she texted me](https://imgur.com/a/2bHyyRl)
I don't know any Geologists but I have a Bio Major friend and she's a fucking Druid. She's honestly a fucking cryptid.
I'm the token Straight Cis man in an LGBT group chat and it is a different environment that I don't know how to describe it.
I mean he did give you multiple warnings, it was hidden away between secret doors, and you actually did not need to go to Old Yarnham at all. Besides, he would have forgiven you if you killed Paarl.
Idk. Buffalo NY sure as well don't have the best Hot Wings
I mean, in Rural US at least that is still the case. The church did like everything in these situations. They helped with charity, they provided networking and is much shit like that. Hell. When I got my first job when I was 16, it was because of the church I grew up in. One of the youth leaders talked about someone else opening a store, recommending me, and that's how I got the job. I'm now agnostic and don't really care for it, but seeing it first hand growing up, it did a shit ton.
Amen
People think Centrism is abiding by the Golden Mean Fallacy and not that there's 0 correlation between Gay Marriage and the Economy.
Yeah. BotW was delayed twice. I remember when it was delayed the second time I think, in Freshman Biology. I saw the announcement and was disappointed as, at the time when it was first announced, I was in 6th Grade and eagerly awaiting it. Now I'm in college fucking hyped for the sequel.
Always true. In the long run, I'm glad they took their time because the game is phenomenal
Yeah. January 2013 in the direct where they simultaneously announced WW:HD and that they were working on a brand new game for Wii U, which would ultimately become BotW. Then, a year later when the first footage was revealed in June (so I just got out of 7th Grade), and later on that year we saw gameplay. I was amazed by how you didn't have to control Epona as much, the slow-mo Bow combat. I would comb and watch GameXplain Analysis Videos. Back then it was still scheduled for a 2015 release but subsequently delayed. As time went on, it was delayed again in 2016, I was a Freshman, until the reveal in E3 that year, which I watched the entirety of the direct and was Uber hyped. It was released in Sophomore Year, that March of 2017. March 2018 I was a Junior March 2019 I was a Senior. And now I'm in college, a Freshman again eagerly waiting for the sequel. If only I didn't already complete Biology cause then I could have had major De Ja Vu if they delayed #2 while I was in class.
Thank you so fucking much for that sentence.
Honestly. If I ever get up before the sun, I consider that an accomplishment. I'm not a morning person but I love mornings.
Not even a robot.
I know 100% that in order for me to enter the Foreign Exchange program, you needed to pass a higher bar than passing. I considered it, but never really went through. "Why are FES smarter than normal students?" "You must have an XYZ GPA to be a FES." I wonder if they're connected.
Ahhhhh. Whoops
I've seen this joke everywhere.
And recovery on Short Rests.
I thought it was an actual mod until I sat down and actually thought about how it would work and realized just how fucking complex it would all be as it went on to the point where I knew it couldn't be real. This was before the dog, btw.
You can say MKUltra
I think Scout is better than Heavy on the basis that Smash is a much faster game than Heavy can really keep up with IMO and can really handle the platform half of platform fighter.
Yeah. The conversation we were having lead from how gambling is illegal in Utah, to everyone drives to Wendover to gamble to I-80 just being terrible during the winter and that there's only one real way out of Tooele. She was surprised about it and as a spur of the moment decision, I sat down to actually count. I don't expect you to know the towns over 1000, especially in Texas
Also, in Deku &amp; Bakugo vs. All Might, we learn that while the gauntlets are helpful in collecting his sweat, if need be, Bakugo can essentially force it to prematurely combust before it even leaves his skin in order to gain a little extra power. It's fucking painful and he shouldn't rely on it but it is a contingency that he doesn't nearly have as much control over.
I say it's two different branches of work. Almost like Jock vs. Nerd. The Wizard studies. Reads. Understands. Tests. They reach their achievements through fully immersing themselves in their texts, much like how a student pursues his degree. A Sorcerer goes through muscle memory. They're the jocks of magic. They may have the genetic lottery or fucking whatever that makes them naturally inclined towards their field, but in the end, if they don't work towards it, practice it, it doesn't really go anywhere. They go about magic the way a star player goes about sports, through physical training, trial and error and practice. You can't become the best soccer player by reading, nor can you become the best Sorcerer. It's just coincidence that you can achieve a similar end point as wizards. Honestly, imo, I feel like Sorcerers need some form of overhaul when WotC gets around to releasing a 6e or whatever, something to truly set them apart from wizards. I thought the ability to change the details of the spells would be cool, but apparently that's UA's Lore Wizard so guess fucking not.
As a DM I'm afraid of fucking up my players characterization so if they miss a session they straight up become Video Game AI with the most basic of goals and actions. There's a fight? Stand over there "Protect the innocents" and shoot occasionally at the enemy.
I thought the Pokemon was the Log and everyone just assumed it was a Koala.
My Girlfriend is 4 years older than me. When I was at the tail end of elementary she was already in High School. We look and act much similarly now but that wasn't the case then.
My GOD you should see my Rogue/Monk. Not only do I need to figure out what the fuck my BA is, I also need to fucking figure out what my Reaction is.
Me personally, just straight chocolate, especially if it was milk chocolate, is a little on the rich end and frequently needs to be enjoyed with a supplementary flavor to add a greater dynamic as a whole. The most reliable way to do that, and a popular choice, is the classic a la mode. The cold vanilla works well with the warm fudge.
If it makes you feel better at my High School job, I would constantly shout "Kobe!" every time I threw something into the trash from a distance.
I added MC (bedrock, not Java) to use the steam controller on it, but the problem is steam doesn't recognize it when I try to open (saying it failed) and defaults to desktop controls
Honestly, I don't pay any attention to HP, but from what I gathered, this is just another testament, albeit a hilarious one, to how little Rowling knows about United States culture.
[Dragons really are fucking sluts](https://66.media.tumblr.com/982d30414058c13bd501305688ab9b38/tumblr_or1f55qiIp1wp4twxo1_540.png)
Maybe. I wanted to do with the fine tuned SC settings but even then, I'm not sure how to get the controller support on BR working.
Guess who got diagnosed with ADHD right at the tail end of high school, missed out of scholarships because of it, and when I asked for accommodations in college, they did jack shit!
Well. It's a Climate vs Weather situation. Just like how Sadness!=Depression; Restlessness, forgetfulness, and other similar symptoms!=ADHD. It's the extremes. From a more underlining origin, ADHD is a deficiency of Dopamine. Things aren't as stimulating as they should be, so our lives are essentially controlled by a constant desire for stimuli. That's the basic explanation, it's more complicated than that. It's a constant flopping between No Focus and Hyper Focus. If something doesn't instantly grab our attention, it's hard to keep it. It's not producing the desired response so our brain doesn't care at all. It will constantly search for something that does give a response. And when it does, it will latch on to it and never let go. It will milk it for every drop of dopamine it has and then throw it away, looking for something else. That's the function on a subconscious level. Consciously, we will try to fight it *constantly.* Everything we do is working against it. We need to do laundry. We need to shower. We need to do homework. We need to do it. We need to do it. *We need to do it! WHY ARENT YOU DOING IT JACKASS???!!! PLEASE JUST STAND THE FUCK UP AND DO SOMETHING!!!!!!* Even when we actually like something, it is just as hard to stand up and do as something we don't necessarily like. "I should draw today," I think to myself. "Oh! I know. I should draw Spiderman. He can be like so, the background like so. Great! I just need to sit down and do it." Nothing. Even if I actually do get all set and start, it's not stimulating enough. Yeah, it's fun, but it's taking so long. So it'll start to wander. What's on Reddit? Oh. Nothing new. What's on Twitter? Nothing new. What's on Reddit? Nothing new. Well, might as well go back to drawing. And repeat, every 5 minutes. It doesn't produce the desired response so our subconscious wants to throw it out. I have let so much food expire. I'll eat a bowl of cereal. Take out the gallon of milk. Sit down, eat. OH! I just remembered! I need to find out when the doctor's office closes. I'll get up, go do that, and then I'll be reminded of something else. And so on. And then tomorrow morning I walk out and see the gallon sitting on the table, stewing all night. When I need to sit still, I still crave the stimuli. Click the pen, bounce my leg, buckle and unbuckle. One instance, I was shaking a cup of dice while talking to friends. I realized I needed to focus so I set it out of reach. But my hands still need something to do, so they start to wander, and grab whatever they can fidget with. Hey, this is clicky. Click. Click. Look, tiny little buttons, just push down and, *[Clang]* I stapled my finger. I ignored my subconscious desire to fidget and ultimately got my self hurt, because I got rid of safe stimuli in my attempts to fight it. Now some of these things may seem familiar. But let me tell you. ***Allll*** of this happens every God damn second every God damn day. When I need to switch tasks, it takes me a couple hours to do so. New semester of college, it takes me a couple weeks to adjust to my schedule. This is a constant aspect of my everyday life. It's not a moment in time, it's the inherent function of my mind.
I'll do that
If it all exists in conjunction and never goes away? Yeah.
I speak one language and I forget the word for shit all the time. You guys at least have a second vocabulary
When I started dating my GF, she described it as "Being easy to talk to, but not feeling compelled to"
I'm confident that Zane is a foil of Kelsier and Vin had to ultimately learn to move beyond him. I agree that it wasn't really any sort of real love for him. He was just the physical embodiment of the murder and brutality that Vin ultimately learned from Kelsier, the unapologetic slaughter and unrestrained violence. The sense of superiority instilled and violence with extreme prejudice. Zane as a person never mattered. He was only the idealized Mistborn, something only Kelsier was able to embody as well. Vin had to reject him, them both, to truly be able to do what needed to be done both at the end of WoA and HoA. That's just my opinion.
IMO, we're in the intermediary period between very clear cut gender definitions and just throwing the concept away entirely. It simultaneously isn't real but matters very much and I just want to skip to the end where there isn't even a concept because currently, today, the entire situation is a Frankenstein amalgamation that wants to both be free form and also have consistent differentiation and those concepts can't coexist. It sounds very "boomery" but I've seen how even people within these circles can't agree on a singular definition while still trying to force it. It's trying to pull a Ship of Theseus when its already capsized. Just. Bury it with the rest of humanity's failed constructs.
Not as in the Internet culture because i wasn't allowed on it. I do vividly remember the Gamecube and even still have mine from when I grew up. Hell. We still have the N64 that carried over from before i was born. I remember the CRT monitors, the intermediary phones, like Motorola Razr. Capacitive touch screens weren't yet common, with the only really common touch screen device in where I grew up being the DS, and even then it wasn't significant enough until one or two years later. I remember Zooboomafoo, Lizzie Macguire, and other shows of that era, albeit that not as "trustworthy" or whatever because i always could have witnessed reruns I'm don't want to prove anything about childhood or whatever. Its just the return of shit like "only 90s kids remember." My childhood was split in two, before and after the prevalence of Smart Devices. Things were digital, but they weren't "Smart." I witnessed the transition as much as everyone else.
My girlfriend's Tiefling Fighter is paper white.
The leader of the KKK is called the grand wizard
Sorry man, that game is infamous for how hard it is to get a hold of it today.
If you're going to do defend Dalinar at least use the right strategis.
What
And I think that's why Patrons buy souls because that's the only power they have. A warlock can run off with the info you gave them and do whatever they fucking wanted, even betray the patron, so while Cleric Gods can just take away the power, the Patron needs to find a way to keep their Warlock obedient beyond learning new magic r whatever. And that's owning their soul itself.
So long as you stay away from the ambassador
During my own rewatch, it became apparent how fucking powerful Suki was, even as a non bender. In Boiling Rock she scaled multiple stories in the middle of a riot to kidnap a heavily guarded VIP in like less than a minute. During Sozin's Comet, she fucking took control of an airship full of powered up Firebenders on her own. Fucking seriously, Suki is like really underappreciated. Also, her and Sokka's relationship is the only romantic one in the series that doesn't make me question it, both from a character and writing standpoint. They're just really cute together without it being overly mushy.
You don't know what gatekeepers are? God, are you even a real fan?
My gf and I right now are 4 years apart. Now, since we're both adults that's fine. We're adults. But drop us in our teens and it becomes questionable. 12/16? 10/14? *14/18.* Even on the smaller scale of 2 years, it's still a big deal at that point in time.
I mean fair but there's multiple different kinds of bonds and in some of the writer's countless attempts, never seemed to nail "Romantic" for me. Katara's status as Team Mom combined with Aang's immaturity just sets off a lot of flags in my head.
Yeah. I was, in fact, being ironic
Yeah I was about to say, he didn't steal it. Katara dropped it and Zuko was simply using his resources.
Given that the essay example was a singular instance, longer than that
So, within the SCP it established that 1) You can travel between universes (through technology that we don't have but other people do) 2) Most universes are incapable of supporting life 3) This supposed entropy bomb will only affect the universe that it resides in 4) It can safely travel between universes without any changes to its function. So Tesla decided to screw over our universe by taking it with him because of misanthropy in spite if the fact that he could have safely dumped it in a universe without life. It ruined any sense of empathy I had for him when he deliberately fucked everyone over. It could have been a cool story of Hubris but Nah.
I'm just waiting for Nestle to do it
Have you heard the Irish legend of Fionn MacCumhail (pronounced Finn McCool)? The dude goes hunting and comes across a deer. Fionn's hunting hounds refuse to let Fionn kill the deer, so intrigued, Fionn leads the deer back to his house, which immediately after the deer turns into a woman. It's revealed she was turned into a deer by one of the pre-Christian gods. Why? I don't remember. They get hitched, and the woman ends up pregnant. Then one day Fionn goes out to work (as he's a mercenary) and the woman is lead out of the house, to which she's promptly turned back into a deer by the same "god." Fionn never finds her again but years later he finds a young boy in the woods with the same stark white hair as Fionn, which is presumably his son.
[See for yourself](http://irishimbasbooks.com/gaelic-pronunciation/fionn-the-fenian-cycle-series-pronunciation/)
*Shadman is an outlier and should not be counted*
Wah-Shi-Tong stole manuscripts from the humans themselves and then threw a fit when they used it. Understandable about being mad at the burned section, but also, the dude brought the library to the material world, *kept* it in the material world, and then barred the only people in that world who could read. If he wanted to bar humans from the library why the fuck did he stay if no one else was going to use it. And I should reiterate that almost everything in his collection was created by humans themselves.
Your list has an absence of Zuko
Every time an episode ends during my rewatch and I see Filoni as a director, I just say his name out loud.
Okay but Changelings are really good with this card on the basis that you get both a cat and dog token instead of either-or. And it counts for both for R&amp;S's tap ability.
It's so they have to trust your words and not the dice roll. You could say something like "They appear nervous as if they were lying" against a roll of 3 or say "they are 100% telling the truth" against a 23. The thing is, the players' decisions will probably be made by trusting the number on the die and not the outcome on the roll. They can choose not to trust what you tell them anyways, but at least they're basing the decision on what you're saying and not what they rolled.
For me I was imagining like the cards being "processed" with an input and output like a mill
&gt;"Sometimes a hypocrite is just a man in the process of changing" Quote from Stormlight Archive, series I'm a total shill for.
And the other question is inertia. It took so much to happen for people to snap and start protesting *everywhere.* Not just in one city. *Everywhere.* So if we stop for the sake of the pandemic, there's the concern on if we can get it back up again. It's picked up so much momentum that people are really worried about what happens when they try to stop it
Is it the Psychic Rogue, because that would be ironic. Or at least interesting. A psychic pretending to be normal pretending to be psychic
Ahh. That would make more sense ability wise. I was just musing about the irony
I remember summer after Freshman year of HS, me sitting in the empty school at a Gym Camp in between sessions to get my gym credits over with as quickly as possible and just watching the announcement and live stream of Breath of the Wild and just so fucking excited. I too would watch the streams every year and I would also miss it. I would even call it my personal Superbowl.
As someone who only recently started playing Dimir (previously Mardu) and it feels dirty.
You can probably flavor it in a way that you're recruiting the soul to help you. Why would someone you killed agree? Maybe you can roll a Persuasion check (as a mechanical to flavor) and have it as a way to redeem themselves beyond death.
Okay. Then ignore undead entirely. Constructs exist. Using your knowledge you collected from fighting them, you *replicate* and create an ethereal entity that's not a specter but something more akin to an elemental.
Not undeniably because the whole point is plausible deniability. But crack usage is more harshly punished than cocaine. Pure cocaine is more expensive and as such almost exclusively abused by the white-collar worker (which at the time of the War on Drugs was almost exclusively white) while crack is diluted and mixed with other substances and pushed more harshly in lower class neighborhoods, making it more common among the black population and thus easier to punish black (and other poor) citizens for essentially the same crime being committed by the white gentry.
From the actual production
I'm poor as shit and don't want to talk to the staff. If I can not talk to someone when I go out I'll be 100% fine.
Frozen.
Given the fact that they established their homosexuality, due to simple statistics, I'm going to guess that they're actually the opposite. They're Left.
Seemingly one of the few dudes in this comment who's just the bottom row. Right. Have fun.
Helps discern from Te5ri and Te4ri, who cost 5 and 4 Mana respectively.
"And as you can see, there within the spot lies SCP-2399 which like many other skips will kill us all. But luckily, Dr Bright shoved Jupiter's moon Io into it ending the bastard forever."
I was about to request a Cat Tax but I see you provided threefold. Thank you for your donation
Probably an edit but it seems similar to the outfit from the recent character poll.
From what I've seen and what the books described, Willshapers can be fucking anyone.
[Nail](https://youtu.be/hdDzaIN3Ex8)
First clause doesn't quite work with beat but the second one fits perfectly with the rhythm
[There's a perfectly reasonable explanation](https://imgur.com/a/c7ZJZRI)
Cat Tax!
Zendicat
Improvised Weapons are not a blanket application on "proficient" and "not proficient." The rules directly quote &gt; Often, an improvised weapon is similar to an actual weapon and can be treated as such. For example, a table leg is akin to a club. At the DM's option, a character proficient with a weapon can use a similar object as if it were that weapon and use his or her proficiency bonus. So even if a character doesn't have, say... Tavern Brawler, they still can use their proficiency if the get something like the weapons they're used to.
Is no one going to talk about the terrible censoring job
That's going in my Kaalia otV EDH deck
I thought the Scott was 27
I'd argue that Amon was a Villain who was more valid in his goals than Zaheer.
Then Perish is from a Hewwo Obama Roleplay
Yeah. Lemonade/Limeade.
Yeyeet
"Can I have a stack of forms to file complaints?" And any time someone does that to you, just pull another one off the stack.
#PEOPLE'S HEARTS SAYS THE EARTH'S FLAT BUT WE DONT REWRITE TEXTBOOKS FOR THEM
#PLUTO'S JUST THE GUY WHO ARRIVED EARLY TO RESERVE A TABLE FOR HIS FRIENDS. LET HIM HANG WITH HIS PEOPLE IN PEACE. #BESIDES WHAT'S SO GREAT ABOUT PLANETS? EARTH'S A PLANET AND IT HAS TO PUT UP WITH US. PLUTO IS WAYYYY COOLER AS A BINARY DWARF
Fuck. You call me out for my love of resource management. I swear guys. It's fun. It's a way to introduce added difficulty without just fucking giving every enemy high HP/AC/Legendary Actions.
Monk with the Outlander Background doesn't need anything. No food. No armor. No weapons. They can have an empty inventory and be able to survive just fine.
Chemo ain't a fun jolly time. I've seen threads on here where people recounted their family members relapsing with cancer and they ultimately just wanting to die rather than going through chemo again. Hell, chemo is simply trying to kill the cancer *before* either kills you. It's a perfect analogy. I fucking *despise* Biden, he is the beacon of neoliberal hypocrisy. I had hope that Sanders could have made it to the end, but this is the hand that's dealt. The system itself is corrupt. It is mathematically unwise to try with anyone else at this current moment in time. I, and especially those who aren't cishet or white, can't take another 4 with Cheeto. We have a possibility of surviving Mr Hair Sniffing. Settle just one more time in November, and then going fucking ballistic.
You're in this game whether you like it or not, and the results will affect you whether or not you do anything. But any singular asset must be taken advantage of. Shit ain't mutually exclusive.
Sanders is by all means isn't perfect and we know he can't solve every problem. He was just the one man with any sort of momentum who broke away from the trend. Unlike Biden who has a history of Racist policies, and Trump who doesn't even try to hide it. Sanders was simply a guy who was at this from the start. Civil Rights and the outset of Pride, way back since the 1960s. So not only was much of his policies desirable to a portion of the population today, his position has hardly moved at all since day one and he's still called "progressive." That's it. A guy, mostly unchanging, who was lucky enough to gain a platform, to seemingly have a chance. He's no Christ, but we're taking anyone.
What? Nah. Full healing LR's are fine. I just find SR's are underutilized.
I might make adjustments but *ye.* Maybe not Low magic but everything else is hella
Bubbles actually
*[insert a clip from Stranger Things]* To be fair though, when Holland was actually 15 he looked 10.
And before the "They're Fictional" card is pulled. US Congress and SCOTUS both rule fictional depictions of children (even drawn, so Hentai's there too) in sexual situations is illegal. Starting with the PROTECT Act in '03 and the subsequent SC rulings (one of which included a dude's Manga, still illegal) as the most recent laws on the matter.
Technically, it's 935. More commonly Dr Bright who is an entity and character outside the SCP file itself. Edit, it is not 935.
Okay, it's 963.
Hmmm r/SmearFrames
Specifically Well of Ascension.
*unless it explicitly shows how they can improve???
Of course. Just didn't want to go straight to "all criticism is bad" camp
High Int, Low Wis
I theorize that the reason why her flames are Blue is because she's trying too hard. Both Iroh and Ozai are powerful, but they don't need to prove that they're powerful. They just are. Azula is so hellbent on perfection that she wants to be *seen* as powerful by others which is why every flame is blue.
Devil's Sight pairs incredibly well with Levistus Tiefling (free usage of Darkness)
Using Mask of Many Faces (+plus Minor Illusion to supplement speech) I got through a prison by constantly switching between disguises.
My Lock with a Greatsword waves
Actually, it's the Snivy line. Snivy has 4 limbs, Servine has 2, and Serperior has 0. Not exactly the right answer but it does in fact lose limbs. Ghastly is the inverse. Starts with 0 limbs, Haunter has 2, and finally Gengar has 4.
Holy shit Tap to drawing
And Ash Ketchum is 10
I grew up with a friend from Mexico and one conversation that always stuck with me was how he really wanted to watch Pan's Labyrinth but didn't want to read subtitles at the time. It took him a while expressing his frustration that he realized he was fluent in Spanish for his entire life. That's how I found out he thought in English.
&gt;you can not rally while exhausted. Can you expand upon that?
I don't even fucking know what they mean in this situation. Dark and Foreboding != Low Fantasy.
I don't have an 1987 VHS copy of Gone With the Wind and I never will.
I feel like one line should be added to the Chad is "Understands the problems and injustices within the country and strives to repair them"
Ahh. I see. And the exhaustion sets in as soon as the Rally Ends.
Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
&gt;Brandal Sandal Haven't seen that one before
I just bought one rifling through the $1 box to put in my Kaalia EDH deck that has a shit ton of "Pay Life" spells.
First couple steps and its Poe's Law, further gets you sharks are smooth. I once got in a debate with someone and they kept on circling back to this one thing accusing me of saying something. Come the third instance, I immediately caught on that it was hopeless and they were either legit too dumb, or were trying to catch me in a trap. So I dropped a nonsequitur and moved on with my life.
Are they actually aren't able to crossbreed. Don't think I ever heard of halfkocs
If the toast is fresh enough you can just jump right it and butter it. The residual heat can melt it just fine
Please give a version with the audio. I just want to witness a version where his voice is coming out of her.
That is if your party even takes Short Rests rather than going back to the tavern and long resting. Then when we actually do take a short rest, I haven't used any spells because I thought we were gonna continue.
Idk how many times I'll say it but I won't stop He looks like Sasuke.
I thought I was on r/shittydarksouls for a moment.
I thought cheese didn't have much lactose to begin with...
But its for fucking Green of all things
Or just a Wereboar
Winnie the Pooh then.
Technical different "letters" but easily confused within English lexicon so still possible.
Salt Lake City in Salt Lake County to the southeast of Great Salt Lake
I've always been confused. Can spells like \[\[Grim Tutor\]\] trigger FoA? Doesn't explicitly say "pay" but it is a part of the spell's cost.
Don't. I've seen that frequently used as a way to insult other Jewish people who aren't Jewish enough, as well as other things.
I mean. They have to be Heroes for something.
As far as you know
Only.other example I can think of is the guy who invented Nerf Guns &amp; Supersoakers
Yeah uhhhh. Fuck those guys. I say this as a dude who has a Lesbian PC (Didn't plan on it, made her character and sessions in realized "there's no way she's into guys"). *Anyone* who sets out to make a character for the purpose for trying to predominantly seduce NPC's are shifty from the start.
55% of blood is water
You're looking for r/TechnicallyTheTruth
Because then they'd have no home to return to
Yeah uh. Is everyone okay?
A hero without a villain is happy
Incompetence is no reason for a death sentence.
"We might die so might as well fuck"
As someone said, not technically, he did. The thing is. He hates that. He hates that he got away with committing war crimes and so the entire reason why he wants to become Fuhrer is to A) Demilitarize the government and B) Hold everyone who committed the War Crimes under trial, *including* himself. That's Lawful through and through.
I don't even believe in capital punishment for those with legit malice, so incompetence is at the bottom of the list of "those who deserve to die."
&gt;!The scene where Straff threatens Elend that after he takes Luthadel, he's going to kill him and rape Vin is one notable scene, in particular, that is really fucking dark.!&lt;
Croissants are tedious af she can make it herself.
I don't believe their claims but to be fair, astronomers don't know shit about tigers.
Of course. Just less immortal
Brammy Sammy
They talked about it in their streams. Not like... Podcast but their personal games. Blue's character is named Alcibiades
Yo. What about Flatwoods Monster?
*[Looks at trans people on Tumblr furious about Lev's abuse]* I think people have other things they want to escape from. Idk. Might be just me.
I hate wearing graphic tees personally due to them not matching other styles but also I have social anxiety and feel it outs me too much. Only graphic tee I wear is a singular Batman one
Thought that said Ohioans. Which would honestly make more sense from my perspective. r/OnionLovers all the way
My eyes are glazing over reading these names
He wouldn't look like a soft twink as a human, he'd look like Clark from Accounting.
Lincoln wanted to be nice to the south. The exact opposite of Sherman
I'm going to assume Welsh or Irish
Oh no. Three whole years. I bet everyone got so tired seeing it twice in that period of time as they all could perfectly recount or remained entirely dedicated to the same community while no newcomers ever appeared, even though you yourself have been here for only 4 months. Newsflash jackass. Reposts are inevitable and originality has been dead for millennia. I'll gladly take the same post twice in multiple years (especially if it's from the same person) over daily recurrences.
Original jokes? In *this* subreddit? You must be newer than I thought. Even when people try to write their own jokes, there's a significant chance that they actually heard it from somewhere else and subconsciously didn't know it. It's a pitfall many stand-up comedians try to watch out for. Would legit, honest to god OC be great to see? Oh absolutely. It's incredibly unlikely, however, and I'll take two occurrences during an annual timeframe (at least) any day.
Alright. So, Judaism, Christianity, and Islam are referred to as the "Abrahamic Religions" as the one big thing they have in common a belief in the figure known as Abraham. He's not God. Just a man and a prophet. His descendants were foretold to have great importance and that's where the three begin to differ. While Islam emphasized Abraham's son Ishmael, Judaism and Christianity instead focus on his son Isaac (for those of you out there who actually know what you're talking about, feel free to correct). The people of Judaism (referred to as Hebrew or the Jewish people) have lived where the Mediterranean Sea meets the Middle East, known as the Levant, for a decently long time. Anyways, they are the oldest of three, by a long shot and a bit of the other two draws from there. At around 2000 years ago, during the Roman occupation of the Levant, Christ lived and preached. His teachings were the basis of Christianity, as was, more importantly, the claim of his divine nature as the "Son of God"/Messiah (his divine nature is really complicated and has been debated ever since his existence). In relation to Christianity, Judaism firmly plants itself that he wasn't the Messiah. That's the biggest difference but as has been frequently said, Judaism is not Christianity Lite and rightly so as that whole schism occurred millennia ago, they don't go unchanged, as well as the development of Christianity itself, so they both have as many differences (possibly more) as they do similarities. About 500 years later was when Islam arose, spearheaded by their Prophet Muhammad. (I can't go into nearly as much detail as Christianity's founding, so apologies). They too don't see Jesus as the messiah, but they do agree that he was a prophet. Many of their teachings were kept in the Quran. Christianity and Islam have way more believers than Judaism despite being younger simply on the fact that they emphasize conversion way more. While the former actively try to convert who they can, Judaism doesn't really do it. Today, you can but it's like... Discouraged as I've been told. Anyways, so while many facets of the religions are disagreed upon, at the very center they do share the same central God, technically. So in the joke, with Judaism being the oldest by a longshot, you could technically call him Jewish.
It's like that one XKCD comic about why the sky is blue. The simple answer given is "The air is blue." Everyone who knows the real reason can say it's wrong but Munroe argues that when explaining to the layman, it doesn't fucking matter. Yes, it could be light waves scattering and the shorter lengths are scattered less and so make it to your eyes but A) LightWave bullshit is why *anything* has color, scattering and reflecting are just two variations, B) It's needlessly complicated for your target audience, and C) that answer in itself is overly simplified as it then raises the question on why the sky isn't *violet.* It can be applied here. Everything can be more complicated to be more correct but you need to cut your losses and just do what you can.
One time I went to pick up take-out for my sister. When they asked for her name, I repeated it, but they looked at me confused. Not only did I forget to use her married name, I also realized that the pronunciation was not easily connected to the spelling.
Generally you get that reaction because people don't feel like they're being attacked from below (everyone thinks of themselves as the underdog after all) they're only seeing fists or w/e. As a straight guy, go right ahead. Shit like Burnam's Straight White Man is fucking hilarious. Though I do find it interesting that the eligibility of someone being made fun of is fair game unless they have a reason to be omitted. ~~This doesn't tie into which demographics are and aren't fair game to rib, just a musing.~~ There isn't really an opt *in,* only an opt out.
Huh. This is a cool concept. Kinda reminds me of Sanderson's *Defending Elysium*, but instead of hypocritical concern &gt;!they fear humanity's destructive capability and also the fact that we haven't purged all dissenters. (i.e. in world they say it's cause we haven't achieved world peace, but then its discovered that how everyone else achieved world peace was through straight up fascism)!&lt;
I include a colon when typing out FMA:B and many other abbreviations. Also, two extra keystrokes are not that much.
Okay but they don't apply because they're the first two characters seen and canonically fucked.
They had sex in a closet on Chorus after Season 13. [Season 15 Episode 5](https://youtu.be/w8PmtlkprFA) is where it's mentioned.
I thought Chess originated in India EDIT: It doesn't explicitly state where it was from so I guess it's not totally contradictory
Like... r/shittyLifeProTips
"Wow, America. I can't believe you're ignoring the environment and are continuing to use fossil fuels that damage the world." "What? Little Towelette can't possibly help ruin the local ecosystem. Look at how dumb he is."
WotC does stuff like this a lot, with some cards being pushed to be used in more mono decks while discouraging multicolored. A go-to example (thanks to Pretty Deece) is {1}{R}{R} vs {2}{R}, or even the {R}{R}{R} of [[Goblin Chainwhirler]]. They all have the exact same CMC but the required "devotion" is *supposed* to change effectiveness in relation to playing with other colors, success may vary. "Devotion" is actually a decent example on its own, it wants you to rely on certain color setups over others. Albeit that my examples don't make the attempts otherwise impossible, just difficult, while OP's do.
There was a tiktok about a gay person coming out as homophobic to their parents just leaving them confused.
One. One more. And that's only if you're on mobile, desktop it's right there.
Right below the backspace
Funny thing is with my exposure to animation over contemporary TV, I've seen more Lesbian Relationships than MLM. She-Ra, Legend of Korra, Adventure Time, Steven Universe, Dragon Prince, et cetera, et cetera. Only one I've listed that has a front and center MLM relationship that I can put my finger on is Dragon Prince and Rayla's Godfathers (though it is outnumbered by one for Lesbian relationships).
[But we already have a Harold.](https://i.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/facebook/000/016/546/hidethepainharold.jpg)
Well. You don't have to worry anymore. It shut down
It's not set to private, but as you can see, there aren't any new posts and r/subredditsimMETA is set to private
No idea. I asked r/OutOfTheLoop and they don't know either.
Absolutely for new players. Fighter is the go to class I recommend. You'll probably run low level for new players and as such, they have a much smaller learning curve. General basis: Draw damage, do damage.
Also, both of them rejected the crown
You mean the end of OB?
TBH. I would like 5.5e. Base 5e is pretty tight, but if they fully implemented and expanded upon the Variant Rules not just on Ranger, but every class, I'd be 100% down. Like if every major milestone of a base class had at least two other options to choose from, it can add flexibility to character creation.
My HS history teacher one day dropped a packet filled with soldier accounts from the Philippines during the Spanish American War in front of us and a lot of them were "Boy do I love killing those squinty bastards. My record in a day has reached 38." Like a handful were all "What the fuck is going on here? Has everyone lost their fucking minds"
You can pin that on Usula technically. She was the one who established "get dick if you want your shit back" aspect of the contract. Ariel was just 16 and thought "that's a valid deal"
I saw Braindance and just thought of the scene from Bladerunner just repeating "ENHANCE!"
Some took a vat of liquid nitrogen and dripped unfrozen ice cream into it. Then the scooped all the frozen droplets and packaged them.
I was going to say there were 8, and they all came in a pack.
TBH sites like Twitter have worse UI than Tumblr imo.
Ehh. It was good but it's still not *terrible.* As time.goes on everyone that remains have all reached an inner peace that's bound together on the basis that it's not Twitter.
I should have thought of this. Only really went with Selesnya Counters.
You know what. I like this idea. You play through a campaign and everyone retires. Whether or not you make it to Level 20 itself doesn't matter, you can have your party make level 20 builds "for theoretical fun" Then you set up a sequel campaign. The old characters are passing NPCs, something you sprinkle in as a treat, but for the most part it focuses on new characters. Soon, this campaign grows and you draw near the climax. But, before the final battle, you jump to another battle and hand out the Level 20 character sheets to your players as they handle another problem somewhere else. It may require a lot of time since you technically have to play two games, but the second one you don't even need to make it that high of a level. You can reach level 10 and roll the Climax in regarldess
Newsflash asshole, art styles aren't an all or nothing kind of deal. [Is this "realistic?"](https://66.media.tumblr.com/838e127c891c226de8347564d1aedf61/96746525dca63508-91/s1280x1920/c974332f02345efb95802aeaca955382bc25c3fd.pnj) [What about this?](https://66.media.tumblr.com/6c3c3a6e4f82fd31f95114f9f99a94d6/cd7f557872a4a9df-e6/s1280x1920/05b307d27434fb2414a706ed59f8c2fa2760897b.jpg) [How about this little piece?](https://66.media.tumblr.com/218dd18bd960ba0f8002b1a10c5d8866/7bb3f6ede4ddccb4-3b/s2048x3072/794fb2cb82aa49ad343a9c2f6c43966923a4b48c.pnj) [Maybe this one](https://66.media.tumblr.com/bcd2b5e591aea6082d5772bc7905569c/tumblr_pr5ap6Ki3X1ut1x7bo1_1280.jpg) [Take this one instead](https://66.media.tumblr.com/cf51eeae525849a191a74133c0b6beab/tumblr_pggcix7ABT1usbbmto3_r2_500.jpg) [This drawing](https://66.media.tumblr.com/e9bd0b68b30415bda4741712f8040f27/458f50e93b4cd416-8d/s1280x1920/8a8421aef24920ecb3be35b4506bc1c0def79b15.pnj) is realistic (tho it's getting close to pushing it), but none of the others I've shown you are. And that's not even touching upon different parts if style. It might have realistic shadings, but anatomy not at all, it's color might be completely out there, and they each individually change depending on the artist. Not everything is rubber hose.
If all of those are realistic then they failed their job
My homebrew rule is that you get an extra skill for every modifier/2, rounded up, or if it's negative, lose a skill. So for example, 12-15 gives you one extra Skill, 16-19 gives you two extra, and 20 gives you 3. You can also dedicate two of the skills to an instance of Expertise to another skill you are proficient in.
The end of this movie fucked with me as a kid
"I don't have to tell you why I know you weren't with your best friend" is so incredibly suspicious that it will cause more problems to occur. OP, stick as closely as you can to the truth without revealing too much.
Womble?
I think there's a common theory that they're both from Alagadda. 2264 Marv
Yeah. All the comics he made was during her Cancer treatment
