Ohh shit fuck yes what
Never been happier to watch a D in my life
So, we *can* win without Shady if we have to, but I hope he's back for Jax because I don't want us to *need* to.
Now that right there makes some real sense
:|
Hawaii!
Man, I'm all for insulting Dwags, but you're a fuckin creep
Best fanbase in sports.
Third! I've been a fan since I was just a little tyke back in the late 80s/early 90s, but I still live and die by the Bills' performance come the fall despite never having lived in NY. One of these days I'd love to make it to a game in Buffalo - this season i finally saw them in person though (beating the Falcons! suck it, Atlanta)
And how many championships of your school's were delusions? [Six? Seven?](https://www.si.com/college-football/alabama-crimson-title-football-national-title-dispute) Maybe those in glass houses shouldn't shoot rocks out their asses, I dunno.
Now there's a style of username I haven't seen in awhile. Real or parody?
procedure action plan a bunch of random bullshit moneyball throwing dildos on a field til you're good somehow
i can't even think of smack to talk, I'm just happy we're included
How can you not? Like a dam of pent up expectations and hopes finally burst wide open.
What do you define as 'mature literature'? If you'd make the argument that any long-running series focusing on the continued adventures of a single character is 'eye candy,' then yeah, Dresden files are the same. And that'll be true of... pretty much any series. I don't agree that 'mature' books need to be fairly contained experiences, a la Anne of Green Gables or The Handmaid's Tale, but if a long series disrupts your enjoyment of the more mature themes, then give Dresden a pass.
Alright, those are some damn good books, but this is example 1 of 100 of answers in this thread ignoring the 'adult' part of the question.
Yeah, for all the mishmash of inspiration, he really did a good job drawing the parts together.
The whole image is great, but Andy Dalton in particular has me in stitches.
lol
Sometimes I go in to throw a strawberry at Maru, but that's about it.
I'd add on a fourth balance issue, that of legging 'Mechs. Having your opponent get permanently knocked out by destroying a part that is typically vastly less well-armored than a torso segment is a bit... cheesy. Obviously less of a problem in pvp when the opponent can use terrain to their advantage, but the AI wasn't smart enough to keep its limbs safe.
Bah, late to the thread, but I'll pitch in an idea anyway - Earth and Beyond succeeds, EVE Online fails. Setting aside what it'd mean to have a world without EVE (a great game, but not one that to my eye has inspired any real change in the industry), the success of Earth and Beyond could've saved Westwood studios from oblivion. Subsequent C&amp;C titles (Tiberian/Red Alert/Generals) are no longer hackneyed EA bullshit, but are instead still guided by the original creators at Westwood. Instead of - for the most part - fading into relative obscurity and irrelevance, the RTS genre enjoys a period of flourishing as a series of successes by Westwood keep it in the public eye. Starcraft 2 releases years earlier to take advantage of this trend. The competitive games scene continues to be dominated by RTS games. MOBAs exist, thanks to Warcraft 3 modders (DotA being the original), but never achieve the level of competitive popularity that they enjoy in our reality and fewer DotA clones exist (maybe we get, e.g., League of Legends, but no Smite or Heroes of the Storm).
Zelda's method might be essentially a health bar displayed as hearts, but their chosen method of expanding that health bar - namely, finding 'pieces of heart' in the world, as well as heart containers off of bosses - has made it one of the most iconic health systems in the industry. By linking your health bar not only to progress but *crucially* also to exploration, the designers incentivized a style of play (exploration, risk-taking, careful examination of all environments) that the game might otherwise not have encouraged. The original Mario Bros games where your health was 'I'm big!' or 'I'm small!' was fairly unique, and I'm not sure anything else has ever really approached it. Sort of a shame that the new Mario games have abandoned it. No, '1 hit and you're dead, or 2 hits with this powerup' is not in and of itself unique, but the changing size of your character actually had a tangible effect on how you could control your avatar, secret areas you could reach, powerups available (no fire flowers if you're small!), etc. I've always appreciated the Smash Bros' series approach to health as well, counting up instead of down. Most, if not all, fighting games have mechanics that allow a talented player to survive a long time even at low health - dodging, blocking, whatever. And the SB games have these as well, but there's an added layer in the health system. Doesn't matter if somebody punts you up to 400% damage, so long as you avoid getting hit it is just a number. Finally, though it tragically kicked off the 'regenerating health bars' craze, the original [Halo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_CZCGOZSzz4)'s regenerating shields system was very well implemented, and combined with the sound cues used when shields were depleted and regenerating (linked above) allowed you to focus on the fight instead of your health and shields, listening for how your health was doing instead of pulling your eyes away from your targets to look.
Oh come on, that's comically hyperbolic. I'd say it's 60 to 65% at worst. To be clear, that's *still horrible*, but it's not 90%.
So, basically the Oasis of *Ready Player One.*
I finish games that have sequels I want to play with direct story tie-ins (Mass Effect, Dragon Age, etc). But, like, Fallout 4? Uncompleted (despite many, many hours in it). Skyrim, similar situation (I may have actually beaten it once, but my other 6 or 7 characters have never finished it). Minecraft, never finished. Terraria, never finished etc etc Part of the problem, I think, is that a lot of games just have... too much shit to do?
That was, in fact, the joke. But it doesn't surprise me that a Miami fan needed something explicitly spelled out.
Did you skip Paris when getting to your username or what
Haha, I read many books in school but for whatever reason that particular one has stuck with me for many years. It's a good reference! I'm glad I noticed it as well.
can I plead down to Manslaughtered by words
Your faith holds itself to be the arbiter of morality in the world. It doesn't matter if *others* do it too - if you want to claim that your morality, your path to the afterlife is the superior one, fine, but you get called out extra hard when you are subsequently a hypocrite.
hell, I *say* it sometimes
Atlanta, for fuck's sake
Well, I sympathize with that. Of course, you guys won where we lost, so kudos I guess, ha
Oh I never had any problem with anybody knowing English (except this one Italian guy working a restaurant, ha), I just hate being so clearly a tourist. Trust me, Germany was nothing but welcoming.
Pomade is magical
Dragon Age would be a 100% science-based Dragon breeding MMO
&gt; disingenuous and intellectually bankrupt That's a fucking laugh riot of a charge coming from a white supremacist.
Because to most of the world, it is a kill shot. The human race in general continues to view your selfish, bloodthirsty, bigoted ideology as morally bankrupt and historically indefensible. More people think you're evil than think the Mongols were evil, and their kill count by percentage of the global population *vastly* outstripped yours. Point being, I'm not calling you a Nazi white supremacist piece of shit to prove a point to you. I'm doing it so everybody else knows what you are and treats you accordingly.
What is Neil C... Cicierega^^^(???) even up to these days
Homelands of their... are you a fucking idiot? Have you studied history? What am I saying, you're a nazi, of course you're a fucking idiot.
This has nothing to do with your failure to condemn Trump and everything to do with the fact that you're a racist degenerate. But keep trying to shift the conversation away from how you're a bigot.
Same but with FFIX for me. I had forgotten so much of this game.
At the end of it, the only conclusion I can honestly draw is that the Quarians *massively* fucked up. They are a lesson of how not to handle fear and uncertainty. Which, of course, makes it all the more tragic when [ME 3 spoiler] the Destroy ending plays out, but the other options are garbage imo.
This comment will go over well.
use a \ \#knowledge
is this comment from the past
Like, the difference between "it's nothing wrong with you, I just want my ID back" versus "bitch I wouldn't touch that vagina with my worst enemy's dick, also I want my ID back"
ghosts can't go through doors, stupid. they're not fire
So it's time for me to consider coming back to PS2, I see.
I'm a player in a Kingmaker campaign that's a year in (almost to the day). We just hit lvl 11, and are in the early stages of book 4. That's playing ~3 times a month, for maybe 6 hours a session. I can honestly see this campaign taking us another year or more, so that guy's group probably kept up about our pace.
I'm glad this thread isn't yet 6 months old so I could upvote your brilliance.
It'll depend on the artist and their methods. Do they draw pencils and then do digital coloring? Is it 100% digital? Is it *0%* digital? Also the size - is this an A5 print? A4? Just a high-res .png file that they send to you for you to print? Minimum though, I'd say north of $100 USD for just pencils with no coloring. Something that looks like this, I don't even know. $150-200, more.
&gt; the jarl of whiteruns kids are getting freaky. y'know, in the era of Game of Thrones, you really need to be clearer than that
I would make the reasonable assumption that my GM isn't that much of a dick.
What are you so afraid of?
Sounds like he's got a lot of melee. How's his range? Does he take a steady stream of fireballs and the like, or is he hard-focused on the bladed dash/shocking grasp combo? Maybe pit him against a cadre of archers, a flying ghost wizard, etc
That doesn't parse. A plague could kill us all dead with much less warning or ability to combat it. A comet or meteor, same story. Further, what cynical worldview do you hold such that 'it is smarter than me, and therefore will destroy me' is a logical conclusion? Synths in Fallout cannot breed and therefore have a necessarily limited number. They are as vulnerable to death as is any other human. They are already marginalized, forced into hiding under cover identities or in distant lands with few resources and dangerous environs. They're not a threat, they're an at-risk minority group.
Yeah I'm gonna have to... take an early lunch or something, goddam
I mean, check the news. There's a lot of hard right ideologies worth satirizing, but just imitating them on an internet forum isn't satire and isn't accomplishing anything
I've yet to hear a legitimate argument for why imitating fascists is fun
That's not at all how that works.
You're not thinking things through. Look, there's kids around here, ok? If even one of them has a seed planted in their mind that 'well sure fascism kills people but it also cleans up society and makes the trains run on time' then that is *one too many*. To say nothing of the fact that the west is currently living out the nightmare fantasy of 'pretending to be evil draws the people with actual evil out of the woodwork because they think you agree with them, and then you can't put the genie back in the bottle.' The right softly allied itself with the kind of conspiracy theorists that claimed Obama was a secret muslim, thinking "oh it's no big deal." Now one of those morons is running the nation. So yeah, i do think there's harm in pretending to be okay with evil.
Irony's all fun and games until you're ironically pretending to be a fascist. Speaking from experience, one day you wake up and find yourself surrounded by people who aren't being ironic.
You don't know a single thing about me, yet you feel assured enough to assume I'm insufficiently qualified? Look at who's making outrageous suppositions now. &gt;are few and far between So you've already moved from asserting that there's "no one" who believes your "satire" is serious to admitting that there's *at least some*. How entrenched can your position be when in the course of half an hour you change the root of your argument? And where's *your* sources proving your position? One of us is making an extraordinary claim, and it isn't me: 'Hey i feel there's a risk in pretending to laud the achievements of evil men, in that you may first encourage those that actually laud those achievements to bring their opinions to the light, and you may second expose those who don't fully comprehend your joking attitude to an environment where they may develop into a person that doesn't see your position as a joke" versus "Yeah there's ~~no risk~~ only a very small risk (edit: forgot you already changed your position) that I'm doing harm by pretending to elevate and adore evil men." I'm not making an *absolute* claim, I'm supposing risk and making analogies to *real world examples*. **You** are making an outrageous claim, and yet your only defense is, what, to insult me? If you'd like further reading, feel free to look up on the radicalizing
So you're saying you *don't* have any extraordinary evidence to back up your extraordinary claims? I figured.
For somebody that is all up in arms and arguing with me for not liking their jokes, you sure did miss my joke You'd think, given that you are the paragon of understanding what's funny, you'd recognize a joke when you see one. guess not what are your credentials again?
Listen, prequelmemes are prequelmemes. EDNW is some next-level shit. It's the_Donald to prequelmemes' politics.
True, although - and this is a different post entirely - I'm not opposed to playing a game with X party slots and X companions, given that I think it generally makes for a better experience. That is, it's impossible to miss the best companion story if every companion is always in the party, and focusing the writing on a smaller subset of constantly present companions - to me - seems like it would only strengthen characterization. But I do agree that if you're going to have a dozen companions, you can't expect them all to be in the party at the same time. I'm still dissatisfied with the drop from 6 to 5 though, I confess. I could barely adventure with all the party members I liked in the original PoE (I will probably never actually know if I like Hiravias, he comes too late in the game to not be replaceable), let alone older games with similarly large casts (the original Baldur's Gate in particular, which has an almost comically large number of recruitables, made only worse by the Extended Editions). I'm less than 10 hours in to Deadfire, and I'm already at me + 6, which means two characters have to be sidelined at any given time. And to my understanding, I still don't have all the companions.
I've been focused on the RP aspect of my frustrations, but your comment really lands with me as well. There's a lot of roles to fill, and at least one that I feel is virtually mandatory given how they've dialed up the danger posed by traps (a rogue/somebody with Mechanics, that is). Now I like the mechanics leaning companions I've seen thus far, but at the same time they are now parked in one of my precious 4 companion slots.
&gt; So much happens in an instant unpaused This I do agree with. I remember in the original queuing up 6 actions, unpausing, *immediately pausing again 2 seconds later*, and then having to spend another minute making my next tactical decision. Deadfire does feel a little bit less like a wishes-it-were-a-turn-based-rpg
dammit CJ, you a busta
Little Caesar's, which is flavored cardboard
Oh yeah, there's definitely a time and place for LC. They wouldn't still be in business if people didn't occasionally need a lot of food for the price of a sandwich.
I was going to say drunk college students, but actually as it so happens both groups have the same taste in food: cheap
Given that the UI is semi-modular, i have hope that modders will be able to figure out a way to work a 6th party member in without too much silliness on-screen.
your *mom*'s a combative dynamic, nerd
I'm pro tearing down borders, but we're going to need a better international system of addressing grievances if it's going to work without being a total shitshow (edit: or a single international government ayy pls) not that what we have right now *isn't* also a total shitshow, but y'know devil you know and all
&gt; I'm religious. of course you are look, go back to the monastery, nobody wants you here
Man, for whatever it's worth, some of us do appreciate you.
Yeah it's not often that I'm like "damn the end of humanity is so poetic and beautiful" but
I mean she's in her mid 20s and has a full time job, it's not like she's 14 and he's 30. It's pretty normal.
The only people that think everything is about sex are those that haven't had it yet
&gt; where I would look up what companions I should have in my party for doing a certain quest/area for additional dialogue. That is my nightmare
Yeah it's a little weird that a couple years ago my character literally figured out the gods are a constructed fiction, but I can't talk to anyone about it.
is that two pieces of bread or three
my god is an entire loaf of sliced bread just a really advanced bread sandwich
Nah. If you know the rules, bend 'em.
It's close but I don't think it surpasses.
Yeah well that's why you satirize by having the US military forces adhere to a rigid authoritative structure, uncompromising and brutal, while the Chinese natives form stark contrast by collectively choosing their leadership from within their own membership. You might be captured by the Chinese at the beginning to see the contrast, and as the story progresses are given opportunities to side with the autocratic American faction, the democratic Chinese faction, or otherwise. I wouldn't even necessarily have the Americans be *all* ghouls, just their upper echelons - the immortal commanders. The rest would be the descendants of the US military forces in the area, in a sort of feudalized society. Maybe with an underclass of Chinese serfs. Lets the PC not necessarily have to be a ghoul. Eh? Ehh? I'd play the shit out of that.
I gotta ask, man, what'd Drew Curtis do to you
I'm now giggling
On the one hand, I hate change. On the other hand, I have no say in this decision and it seems fine to me regardless.
See now that's what healthy emotional growth looks like. Now if only all our collective internet fanbases could figure it out. The shit that's been going on with Star Wars in particular is disgusting.
Keep Atlanta safe for us, boys. :')
dude, relax
Red's eventual win seems inevitable, I just hope my team is still alive at that point.
yeah but you can only hear 3 dog in a small number of locations before fixing his radio, so either you're misremembering the order of operations or I have some serious questions
lol
Kasumi
They're transposing her onto Morrigan. They do fill... similar niches in the party, clothing-wise.
&gt; Boatmurdered *carp PTSD triggered*
I am so, *so* excited that this show isn't over. And I love all three of these faces.
Brooklyn #NINE NINE
*Peralta face*
does it make me Boyle if I do, or
Anybody know what episode this is from? It's not ringing any bells
welp time for a rewatch
man, what the fuck
nice /r/creepyasterisks
ah, so they were doing Johnny Appleseed cosplay
Bethesda has given me everything I ever wanted, except for an announcement that all of their games will be available tomorrow.
I'm pretty sure most BoS fans are the edgy teenagers
no but don't you get it, they put WOMEN in my VIDEO GAMES /eyeroll
Of course it can, but if it's going to be "LE MOST HARDCORE REALISTIC WAR SIM" then its mechanics better follow suit.
Whatever helps you sleep at night, I guess. Your emotional response to people not-liking something you like is abnormal.
Unless they shoot you first. or plant landmines all over your base while you're away. Or doggedly follow you around blowing you up with grenades. etc etc etc I'm hoping they come out with some way to combat griefers, but the systems they've announced thus far don't make me think they won't be an issue
Jack's dogs look like the kind of stuffed animal a two year old would name snowball
man, you lead a sad life
have you considered that maybe you're just uncomfortable with human interaction, and maybe you should work on that instead of declaring that any warmth and affection is cringey?
eat shit nerds, it's video *janes* now
you literally said "no joel, no sale" so something tells me you aren't actually all that chill
So's Ellie
You're evading the question. Why can you not picture an updated/mature Ellie as a good protagonist? What is it about her that makes you think that's impossible?
hell no
country roads
video bot, what have you done
how banned do I get if I say that Brooklyn Nine-Nine gives The Good Place pretty strong competition and I honestly can't say which show I like more
does *anything* rub you the right way, or does your precious little snowflake ass go around looking for shit to piss you off
I guess I can think of worse predicaments to be in
what if we take rodak... and push him (non-fatally) off a bridge?
*clicks link* hmmm
:'( get rekt me
Been my experience that middle seat also becomes the shoulder pillow for everybody else, so those armrests are crucial real estate for the middle seat-er.
but hey, if you keep having a conniption fit you might be able to rage yourself into a heart attack, so keep trying
... because she was trying to be nice? Doesn't mean we have to be.
rhesus peesus
Oh, bullshit. Far as I can see, they're the ones doing the bullying/abusing/harassing/ridiculing/humiliating of late. That's a weak-ass excuse.
I thought it was ok. A little rushed, a little crowded. Some parts felt more like fan fiction passing as story. Some of the cinematography was a little bit weird - lacking subtlety, among other things. But it's good to have the story finished.
Homes, go back to the original thread and look through the Other Discussions. There's a whole universe of shitbag misogynists out there. Yeah, this sub is largely free of them, or at least downvotes them, but that doesn't mean the site itself isn't overrun.
"Green D West"
Oh no, I am quite certain that I was right in calling your boo-hooing insincere.
Man, did you sprain something contorting your back to wiggle through those logical loops or do you just have a good chiropractor?
Says the guy who claimed that all culture is geek culture because anybody creating anything *may have once seen a Star War* My chair? Geek culture. Subway sandwich? Geek culture. Tennis shoes? Geek culture. NFL? Geek culture.
Broadway musicals? Geek culture. The Supreme Court? Geek culture.
Wheelchairs? Geek culture. Glassware? Geek culture. Shopping for shoes? Geek culture. The numbers 7 through 45? Geek culture. Obsidian? Geek culture. The Roman alphabet? Geek culture.
&gt;You talk as if geeks/nerds haven't seen those movies or heard those songs? As if the people who record that music haven't seen star trek? Also you. A geek interfacing with a thing doesn't make it a 'geek thing' And interfacing with a geek thing doesn't, transitively, make everything you make into a geek thing
&gt;buckeye_baker Ohio checks out
picture a waving american flag covered in shit that's also somehow on fire, and that's how I feel about the country right now
Haaaa, yeah I'll give you that one
I'll get it before the final day mark, so I'm all for it
nerds
This is beyond the pale. (we were already well past acceptable, but this is a new level of monstrous)
Because it's easy to be regressive. Charting a path forward is inherently divisive because there's a lot of differing ideas about what the best way is to improve the human condition. But "keeping things like they are and not caring about anybody but myself"? That's a one stop shop.
why the fuck am I being punished for trying to keep a long-running, stable colony
induring probably blue overreach :(
or the entwives haha ^^^see ^^^the ^^^joke ^^^is ^^^nobody ^^^has
A state of patriots from the start - so loyal to the union cause, so opposed to those seeking to fragment and destroy the United States that they seceded from their own state of Virginia that they might continue to fight on behalf of the North. I'm very excited to see such an underserved, invisible state getting a high profile look.
holy wow the line work on those tattoos is incredible, I'm blown away I mean the whole ensemble is obviously great (and that outfit looks very soft and comfy), but that ink is so detailed
AP Bio maybe?
look man I've got 239475 iron arrows, they're getting used
sometimes I feel like Bethesda took the "it's weird when bandits have glass armor" Oblivion critique to heart, but only for arrows. Iron arrows are more plentiful than grass, but higher level arrows come and go like the breeze
Just like I need these 25 Weak Poisons or these 400 Magicka potions even though I almost never cast spells
Yeah and I mean - it's good, but it's not Oscars good?
Yeah, ace, problem is that we as a society have generally figured out that murdering somebody is wrong, but insipid little fucks out there still think 'grabbing a woman [you know the rest, I don't have to even bother]' is in any way acceptable.
murica *sigh*
Yeah, okay bud.
a) because we have guns b) I just linked people getting run over by a car c) [I just linked one example, there are others](https://www.cnn.com/2017/05/19/us/new-york-times-square-driver-charged/index.html)
I was stuck home alone with kidney stones once. My whole world was pain and crying.
I would always try to go back to reddit and repeat the comment
Notably, he also made and gave himself that 'Hero' medal.
Hey now, don't give them ideas.
My dad's lost "getting calls" privileges. Sorry, pops.
This is what weirds me out about the EDNW shit, or at least part of it.
What's it like being such an influencer that you can compel Netflix to renew shows?
My mind could conceivably be changed if he started and 8 weeks in we were somehow at least 5-3, but I don't foresee that being the case.
&lt;3 Whatever happens, whether I'm watching or not, *always* Go Bills
Fucking good.
If we don't get these fuckers out of office, never.
and yet HERE WE ARE
toutsje?
Saw her smoking a cigarette
OP, for all your good intentions, congrats on starting the monthly 'shit on some RT employee' thread. Nice. Well done.
&gt;for all your good intentions It was a commentary on what inevitably happened (/was happening when I made the comment) in the comment section. A+ reading comprehension
Man, agree to disagree about the map and journal system. I found that game so much more immersive because I had to actually pay attention to my surroundings. No quest marker to follow on some on screen compass, only the name of the destination and the kind of vague directions you'd get in real life.
Past a point, all old Pokemon games become unplayable. That point is generally 'when a new version comes out, adding some feature you didn't know you wanted but now cannot live without.'
christ, thankfully.
why would you not?
my favorite thing about Tennessee is how they're dead
Because they were played by the same woman, yes
It's perfectly adequate if you're familiar with it, but a number of its design principles (looking at you, THAC0) go against modern RPG design concepts, which can make it very difficult to pick up.
I have a friend who beat ToB and SoA with a bard and he had an absolute blast. I've never tried it myself because, well, *who wants to be a Bard*, but apparently they can be really fun if built well.
'mai precious waifuuuuuuuu~~~' ugh
fuck the right
damn, you're right
Damn, I thought for sure I could make that reference and be first.
... what? shut up
It's getting a little old honestly. I get that he probably won't be on our roster next year, but for the time being he's one of our guys. Lay off him a bit.
gram gram what the fuck
eugh, I can't get over the cigarette taste
My company announced some downsizing last week, which includes me. Gavin's "That's 'come on *comma* me'" bit was the first laugh I've had in four days. Thanks, man.
Man, this and Murkwater are probably the two settlements I've done the least with, but this is inspiring. Good work!
Man, get help early. You never really do, and while you do eventually return to normalcy, it takes enough years that it completely derails your adult life. You never chase your dreams, you spend a lot of time single and alone. You make it, but you could've made it so much easier on yourself.
#Put a # at the start of the line
You may think that calling them mentally inept (one step above calling them 'retarded,' frankly) is helping your case, but it really, *really* isn't.
Fallout's fandom has been poison since the NMA days, it's just gone from black and white to full technicolor lately.
Preston should've been second/third act, just like the Railroad are pseudo-intended to be (and the Brotherhood also should've been) First act: Leave vault &gt; no idea where to go or what to do &gt; Codsworth points you towards Diamond City &gt; DC points you to Nick &gt; Nick/Dogmeat help you find Kellogg &gt; Second act: Kellogg's brain points you to Virgil &gt; Virgil points you to finding a Courser &gt; "oh shit I need somebody to help me decode this Courser chip" &gt; Nick/Piper point to the three major wasteland factions that may have the know-how to decipher the chip: * the Railroad, who work with synths directly (but are ideally harder to find than 'olol follow a red line around the city' for fuck's sake) * the Brotherhood, who flew in at the end of Act 1 in a fucking War Zeppelin * the Minutemen, who have gone missing but who were known for technical know-how in the past Meeting a beleaguered group of well-intentioned peacekeepers after you've had the opportunity to see how shit the world is without them would've packed a lot more punch than "oh lol I'm the fourth NPC you've probably spoken to, let me serve as a really terrible pseudo-tutorial on base-building and then also give you radiant quests forever even though you have a billion fucking things to do right now, and aren't looking for repeatable content yet because you *JUST STARTED THE GAME*"
Man if that guy's crazy, I'm crazy too. I have a distinct mental image of Sally Acorn with a little hand crossbow.
Holy shit, man. I wish there were a place we could go to, like, celebrate your generation of creators. The 90s/early 00s people who were like... just before the area of 'normal celebrities'/youtube/etc.
Nah not a dick move. There's no loyalty, you've gotta do what's best for you.
inb4 'i'm not racist waa waa waa' homes if you're complaining that i'm being too mean to racists, i have some bad news for you
that's uh hm is it hot in here or
So, time for me to replay this game I guess? Man.
You could make the argument that given their power levels and knowledge, any one of the JLA going evil *is* a potential apocalypse-level threat. Superman and Flash especially, but WW is up there in power, as is GL. The only one that's "dubious" to me is... well ok two, Aquaman and Cyborg. but Aquaman is the head of a nation, so therefore a serious potential threat. That leaves just Cyborg as what I'd view as a non-apocalyptic level threat based on solely his powers. His knowledge, however, could be very dangerous in the wrong hands. I don't believe Bruce is portrayed as taking the proposals lightly, and he's right not to. edit: I guess there's a slightly different cast staffing the JLA in that story arc. Plastic Man is probably not an apocalyptic level threat. Honestly, let's not be ridiculous. MM could be though.
suck
the inevitable worthless stoolie arrives
That game is legitimately a masterpiece, and I will always regret playing it so young for the first time. I absolutely didn't understand the implications of what I was seeing in HL/OpFor/Blue Shift my first time through, and it's only maybe the last 10 years or so going back and replaying that I've grasped the situation. I know we'd all love an HL3, but you've gotta respect the concern that they couldn't live up to, not just the hype, but the legacy of HL1 and to a lesser extent 2. Look at what happened to the Halo series, and not for a lack of developer passion and effort.
breaking news, wild how both reddit and barstool are infested with misogynists, age actually not a relevant factor, more at never
Could be an interquel. Set between 1 and 2, most likely. Not saying it's a good idea, but it could happen.
I wouldn't mind someone else's story with cameos from the old crew (with a couple potentially joining you - would make sense for Grunt at least to join a smaller-scale, non-galactic conflict, maybe also Vega). But I do like thinking about Shep as somehow survived and completely retired.
MR BLONDE. Wow, I had completely and utterly forgotten how absurd some of the bot opponents could be in that game. Man, we need a PD remaster for a modern console.
Ahh, I'm surprised I had to come down so far to see this. I've had multiple attempts to replay that game aborted by that damn mission. I remember the first time going through, before you've even seen an enemy up close, you walk up the stairs to where Laurel (I think is her name?)'s ghost is and you hear that godawful racket, like a horde of hoofed beasts coming down the stairs. I've never nope'd out of a game so fast. Honorable mention to some of the undead (especially undead Hammerites) from the earlier games. Super tough to kill, legitimately creepy design augmented by the already somewhat unnatural movement of all 3d beings in games of that era. Scared the lights out of me as a kid.
I suppose it's a different kind of fear, but there's a number of enemies in the Baldur's Gate games, especially the Throne of Bhaal expansion for BG2, that are incredibly intimidating to me. Even with cheesy builds (ludicrously high [low??] AC, elemental immunities, whatever) some of the Dragons and wizards in those games are just an absolute bear to contend with. Abazigal and Draconis in particular, as a sequence of fights, had me all but ready to quit playing last time I attempted SoA/ToB
is it just me or are the boys a little bit... *spicy* in this one
k
until you send a ninja squad to kill the phoenix, anyway
two spaces at the end of a line makes a small break two returns make a bigger break
he's as black as I am the queen of France
Fuck that ump. Nobody came here to see your ego, you worthless fuck. Get out of the way and let the kids play ball.
What? Man you've gone around the bend here. I can't even follow what you're saying because you're just straight foaming at the mouth.
we're awaiting a ruling from the first base umpire and... yes, he's confirming the swing. Strike 2
The fragmentation of the license is precisely why it has taken so long for us to get more games. FASA held things together while they were still, y'know, alive, but after they dissolved, there was nobody to convince Microsoft to work with Topps to work with Iron Wind to work with etc, let alone the real hurdle of "convince Microsoft to care about the license at all." MS were the sole holders of the BT video game license from 2002 to 2013 (whenever they let HBS and PGI take a crack at things). They did nothing with it, and showed no indication they ever would. You need to re-visit history if you think otherwise.
ah, the elusive disaster optimist
&gt; he actually loved the character (no homo) Jesus, dude. Before I suspected maybe there was more culpability on your part in this situation than you were letting on. Now I am openly questioning it.
I'm enjoying the curse of unemployment: all the time to play, none of the money.
bruh
oh fuck
reddit has two halves, both claiming to be the good half this is where normally I'd be like "but both are bad" but listen, one of them is worse and we both know it
jesus fuckin christ
whoa she's still a woman, haven't you heard that this nation isn't ready for a woman leader yet? ^^^^/s
"uh oh" is right, under-comic-jeph-commentary
this is the most racist shit I've seen in at least 24 hours
Startopia. I guess a member of the Sim City genre, though it also had parts that felt like an RTS? It is tough to categorize. A space station builder sim with some fun (if not the most creative) alien designs. Plus, a biodeck with what must have been one of the earliest attempts in gaming to allow a player to deform and alter terrain. And yet, essentially vanished from this Earth.
You're right! I don't know why I overlooked that, given the pedigree.
I can honestly say it's worth it. The right mix of serious and campy.
Ryan. If he's not there, Michael. After that Jeremy, then Lindsay, then... whoever, it's all gravy. Except in golf, where I root for whoever is harassing Geoff. Sorry Geoff.
Dwarf Fortress was never released and well
this is mind blowing news
Nah it's in NY. Somebody found the alley a couple months back and posted it here.
Yeah alright dude, with your one website that talks about the game on average once every 16 months - largely in short blurbs in listicles or retrospectives. You've done it, you're the most correct person that has ever existed. You are the newest entry in a pantheon of the technically correct gods and goddesses of humanity. Well done, really.
Just done with this conversation.
I didn't say he was stupid, just lowbrow. But go on, farm your karma for being on the popular side of the opinion.
I've met plenty of non-intellectual people that weren't stupid.
Apparently not when it comes to this sacred cow
[lol k](https://www.reddit.com/r/brooklynninenine/comments/btsb5a/found_myself_under_the_williamsburg_bridge_today/) [see also](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Williamsburg_Bridge)
oh fuckkkk
lol nah
pretty sure people are taking umbrage at the title, not the picture
oh fuck
teemwork
Adepts and this fight are a horrible combination on Insanity. Nearly broke me.
The feel of throwing 7 or 8 heavies/assaults in MC2 is precisely why I think this game needs it.
In the interest of complete and total honesty, I think I basically just ran laps around the area, taking advantage of the dumb AI to keep cover and take potshots. Took forever. I just couldn't keep my companions alive for the life of me, so setting up combos was difficult.
An 18 game season is insane. Should never happen, regardless of the concessions. These players' bodies endure enough.
Jesus Christ, nobody is erasing these guys from history. We're just asking that they stop being treated as noble heroes. They did bad things and championed bad causes. It's not historical revisionism to acknowledge it and cease celebrating them.
Shit, I'm gonna roast the sub here: y'all fucking dumb? We had a chance to say nice things to this woman and help her con $50 out of OP, a far funnier outcome than any of our jokes at her expense.
there was a jedi tree, dawg
No "we" aren't. Gamer culture is super toxic, and has been since I was a kid. Should we be better? Unquestionably. Are some of us? Yes, thankfully! But declaring we collectively are doesn't make it so
Believe it or not, human body oil on white paint can leave a stain like that over time. Bar just doesn't clean its shit often enough, would be my guess
More like took my comment personally. I have been this guy in my distant past, I'm not him now. Y'all wanna downvote the people that make comments like the one directed at Alanah in this sub (and elsewhere) every day, and still act like those comments aren't being made. Just because you disapprove *doesn't mean it isn't still prevalent.* Downvote me all you want, I'm still right.
Yikes
pff not a single Renegade in here, you fools
I don't hang out enough to know if this is unpopular, but here goes anyway: there is such a thing as *too much* grimdark. It is okay for the setting to have factions that are demonstrably more "good." I'd also argue that for a window of time (not forever, but given the state of the lore right now) there needs to be an alliance of 'Order' to take Chaos down a peg. Chaos has grown too powerful, and it no longer feels reasonable to have a 'thin line' of soldiery holding back the tide. As-is, the lore reads like Chaos should've taken over the entire galaxy already. Canonize an alliance between Tau, Eldar, and the Imperium (hell, throw in some nicer Necrons, why not), have an entire edition dedicated to a conflict between this Alliance and the predations of Chaos/easily influenced third factions (Orks, Nids, etc). And then, after Chaos has been browbeaten back into being a reasonable threat, have the alliance fall apart and return to the sweet spot the lore used to sit in of 'a bunch of space superpowers pointing guns at each other and also sometimes at themselves' edit: also the Lion should be the next Primarch to make a return. That's probably not unpopular but I wanted to say it anyway so
Nah he just does that to his own species' psykers to sustain his immortal corpse
I will forever maintain that the first act of the main questline should've been "west to the coast, take a boat to Diamond City, learn about the available factions and get quests that will introduce you to them". It teases the desolation of the city center for longer, lets you learn more about the factions before being suborned into leading one of them less than an hour into the game, *and* punts the power armor intro to about hour 5 or 6. Adding boats in (which should've been a far bigger thing for a coastal region, the one that goes to FH aside) is just a bonus.
they don't have *nearly* enough skulls on their gear
Some of the Stronghold quests from II should probably have ramifications down the line. Fighter (De'Arnise Hold - which, sidebar, is such a butchering of what should be d'Arnise, somebody needs to go back in time and take some French classes) sticks out the most, but possibly the Druid one as well. *That said*, let us not forget that Amn is quite a journey south of Baldur's Gate, so if the game is set in BG proper, most of the events of II won't much matter. Despite their fall from grace, the Bhaalspawn was nevertheless a hero to BG once upon a time, so I would like to see a poorly kept statue in some minor town square dedicated to them.
So why call it BG III? This is as aggravating as XCOM 2 going all "oh guess what? you actually lost in EU! ha ha you idiot". If the original two games might as well not have happened, why should I care about this third one? I'd rather take the like 200 hours of story I've already enjoyed over a new one telling me the old one was irrelevant. edit: I mean, I'm fine with the Bhaalspawn having canonically not chosen to become a god, and even for them to have eventually died, but if there's a bunch of shit thrown in from the broader lore that positions them in the same way the 'canon' Bhaalspawn was positioned, I'm not going to be pleased
"Will he be armed?" is the most idiotic consideration. If I suspect somebody's dad is a fucking troglodyte gun-dickhead, I'm not dating them in the first place. These fucking people.
good riddance SHS, your absence will be noted only by the slightly diminished scent of brimstone in the press pool
&gt; D&amp;D has long moved on. But a lot of the players haven't, which is almost certainly why they gave the go-ahead for a 'sequel' instead of just a 5e D&amp;D game.
then it's called [vitiligo](https://www.google.com/search?q=vitiligo&amp;rlz=1C1CHZL_enUS783US783&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwiCmumsyuniAhUiUt8KHRC4Da8Q_AUIECgB&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=937), so just get some thigh in the shot
it takes like a cool 10 minutes to change a tire at most, this would barely let me come in *late* to work
enough
do you feel better now that it's out of your system
the real 2meirl4meirl is always in the comments
Hybrid Theory holds up so well. Great album.
it's crazy to me that you think keanu is cringe and don't see the irony in your replies in this comment thread
Cure for the Itch tho
he lied
best part about this is how badly you want the last word, but since i've got fuckall to do for the next couple hours you're just gonna have to stick it out
nope still here
the nobility is in the attempt, not in success
smh even the chinese solar union fails to recognize the planetary status of my boi pluto
dragonlance, if only to finally stick it to the kender
you're *sooooo* right, it's almost unbelievable how right you are
&gt;joja hat narrowedeyes.gif
dude! your hair is incredible
In a heartbeat.
this comment is the worst decision in this thread
This is the most fun I've had watching a GTA in a couple months, at least.
awww! you both look so happy in this photo, I'm sure she was glad to meet you
You're not wrong tho edit: this looks way less magnanimous now that they're not at negative 30 votes or whatever it was they were at when I decided I'd fall on that grenade with them
I refuse to watch this I adore this series, but for real, fuck this video. edit: I see from your history you're not necessarily a big NFL fan, so you may not know what this game means to Bills fans. FYI, this is the rough equivalent of showing somebody a video dissecting that time somebody hit them in the dick with a sledgehammer. It's not, like, something we're dying to relive. After this game, we didn't hit the playoffs again for *eighteen years*. We've been, off and on (more on than off) one of the laughingstocks of the NFL in that time, and this game was the herald of that era. I may get super drunk and watch this later because I know it'll be quality, but we still haven't truly bounced back from this game, and it stirs a lot of bad memories.
Which just means it goes up for a vote in the House, not that it is in effect.
I've always thought of it more as the "oh fuck it is hot as balls" filter, but I'm open to being wrong about that
&gt; I thought that was illegal. Depends on if they are exempt employees or not. Tons of people don't get paid overtime for hours worked over 40 hours in a week.
It's a shame that some of these things are completely unsurprising.
Yeah, the salary/hourly break is the most common way to view this, although it isn't necessarily 'accurate.' The basic hurdles are "are you paid more than $X per week" (it's something like $450 a week, I think, which maths out to $11.25 an hour) ***and*** "are you exercising decision-making for 50%+ of your time at work?" The latter essentially meaning, like, 'are you in a position of decision making/authority; are you trusted to make judgement calls'. Typically when somebody is given that status by their employer, it comes with the dubious benefit of a salary - a guarantee that they will make a minimum/flat $ per year, no matter how few hours they work! (even if those hours vastly exceed the standard ~2080 hours you'd accrue working 40 hrs a week for 52 weeks)
tfw you wanna see the +16 images
It does proceed logically, but it also weakens the composition of the flag to me, which is why I asked
the worst living turtle
So clearly since you can't buy that cherry pie today (even though you still have all your past cherry pies at home, because you don't eat them, you just collect and display them), the proper response is to FREAK THE FUCK OUT.
&gt; and to remove them is to say "screw those experiences". That is the most preposterously hyperbolic thing I've seen about the poke-cuts yet.
&gt; We've grown up the fandom's reaction to this recent news is maybe not a point in favor of this opinion
I could try to phrase this delicately, but I'm going to get hollered at either way so I'll just lay it out plain: You're unhappy that some things you like from past games you've played won't be in another game that hasn't been released yet. It's video games, y'all. This is the most pathetic, unironic 'gamers rise up' temper tantrum since... well, since Bioware fans like a month ago, I guess. Handling disappointment well *is* a sign of maturity. This sub/fanbase has not been displaying that. It doesn't make the fanbase seem 'grown up' that they respond to bad news with what frankly amounts to a bunch of angry whinging and hyperbolic rage.
In point of fact, at least as it comes to handling disappointment, I'm better than... well, I mean, *you* for starters Try to laugh that off all you want, it's a proven fact.
Half of what game? They aren't going back in time and deleting pokemon out of all your previous purchases, they just aren't putting them in the newest game. *which is still in development* To provide a countering analogy, would you complain if the next Zelda game didn't have the iconic tools like... the blue ring( not seen since the original)? Howabout the slingshot (not seen since Skyward Sword)? Do you get what I am saying? They didn't *take anything out*. They just didn't *put some things in*. The game *doesn't exist yet*. It hasn't been released! They can't cut content that was never present!
At no point have I said that being disappointed is unacceptable. You're more than welcome to be disappointed! It's a big part of why I've shied away from Nintendo's consoles for the last few years, personally speaking. It's the *reaction* to that emotion that I've been mocking. And will continue to for as long as it is as honestly absurd as you are so helpfully displaying now. As a final note, &gt;everyone and their grandma will be doing the same things to their games because they know they can get away with it. Doing... what exactly? Making the game they want to make? Love, that's been going on since *Pong*.
Of course not. It's a problem to throw a tantrum about it, which is what happened. And where all this National Dex furor is going. [There's already articles about it](https://www.polygon.com/e3/2019/6/13/18677717/pokemon-sword-shield-national-dex-pokedex-galar-e3-2019).
&gt; I don't think it's wrong to try to get a policy change by voicing concerns about it, or to produce evidence contrary to the official word. But is that all this is? Sort by new and refresh for a little bit. Do this every day for a couple days, like I've been doing since the announcement. There's already been posts that are verging on not-ok. There will be more. People aren't "voicing concerns." They are tantrumming. There *is* a difference, and I'm going to call it out as often as I see it. I know people that work in games dev. I've seen the effects [this article](https://www.polygon.com/2013/8/15/4622252/plague-of-game-dev-harassment-erodes-industry-spurs-support-groups) talks about firsthand. This kind of "i'm so outraged and I'm going to bombard anybody who will listen with my ANGER" is not ok.
dude we can't talk about achievement hunter like that anymore
When I saw that BG3 was themed around mind flayers, I immediately thought of this comment, and only just today managed to find it. Wonder if we'll get some answers about all this?
If it were a life size replica of his ego, it'd be Jupiter
probably killed on that hill by other christians mad that he's more of a First Council of Nicaea guy than a Second Council of Nicaea guy
My best guess is that Aloy pushes west and we get to see some ocean. Which, I mean, you can intellectually understand the ocean but it's still pretty impressive the first time you see it. Plus we could get some more aquatic-themed enemies. Robo sea lions and such
there is a vast gulf of difference between leaking pus from your eye and leaking puss from your eye and the nature of Chaos means that I cannot know if you meant to type that or not
I know we often overlook this kinda thing for the sake of memery, but for real Slaanesh is like the conservative christian idea of what a trans* god would be
I couldn't tell you either. In some ways they seem to want to transition into being, like, an internet TV studio. All their big 'outward facing' stuff is like... Day5, Camp Camp, gen.lock. So sort of a catchall live action/animation entertainment company. Just, that also has a dick joke for a name and podcasts full of millennials with alcoholism. It's incongruous.
I can speak from experience and say that a job doesn't have to say "PM" in the title to be PM. My last job was absolutely a PM position, except they called me an "Implementations specialist" and paid me in pennies.
&gt; because you can bet your arse the 'talent' don't clean up the messes they make from things like that. Michael might, to his credit. As much because of a cleaning obsession as anything else.
I have one group I'm incredibly tight with. Other groups that, yeah, I'm kind of a tertiary friend. It's not ideal, but I've come to expect it as I get older.
Well now i'm jealous. really just wish I could get the original working though. RIP, I guess.
I'm not sure that last version really belongs in /r/funny, grafo maybe on mother's day
Well, whatever you decide to go with, best of luck! The communities over at /r/Pathfinder_Kingmaker and /r/baldursgate are both pretty friendly. If they don't already have sidebars full of advice on how to build an effective character, I'm sure they'd be more than happy to help :)
It would be all my dreams coming true
Yeah it's easier on the eyes, at least.
If I remember correctly, have somebody with the Knowledge (Lore?) Nature skill inspect (y key maybe?) an enemy. It should at the very least give you some baseline info like their level and alignment.
Yes please!
Oh no doubt, which makes me want to try it all the more. Wonder if anybody's done an "all bosses killed while upside down" run
&gt; There isn't a transitive coolness property see: Kai Leng, Mass Effect 3
Freckles, no!
gonna have to make that white into blue here soon
ok bye
I confess I didn't really love the Battle Buddies at first, but now I am 100% bought in. They figured out the dynamic, and it works.
I'll be straight - the only reason to 100% Inquisition is because you hate yourself. Needless to say, I've done it twice.
imagine being the voice inside her head whispering "hey stop it" and just never being listened to
pff nah I'm average, just irreparably damaged
lol wut homes, nobody cares about one user
You're taking over a galaxy and you choose a prince and an executioner over a general? What, are you planning on hugging the enemy to death? Killing them one by one in personal combat?
Dude, it's Redacted, not Redacted. Nobody ever spells it right.
Yeah I've had a stack of Dark Angels for years now. I like the playstyle of the marines. I just... have enough of them. Flesh out my Eldar. Give me a good reason to start a Nids army. Stop trying to get me to buy another thousand points of Imperium shit that will never see the table because they don't have robes. The Ynnead thing for the Eldar was such a tease. "Here's some new big models! You get nothing else."
no don't stop we'll miss you, so... soj... uh *checks notes* sojoez^^^(????)
god dammit big smoke
My first 'base' was in Vain. I built a small shack, moved my guys inside, and then realized there was some kind of nest around the corner of the nearby stone pillar. Let's check it out! And that was the end of my first playthrough of Kenshi, ~12 minutes in.
Nah they're all jokes. Fyre Festival 2 obviously not happening, Machinima being an IG dig, etc. Wolves is the MVP sponsor though
i refuse to believe
I thought about adding that one too but I feel like I want it to be so true so badly that there's no way it is
if they show up after about 1 EST i'm gonna need somebody to let me know who it was, I've got work tomorrow unfortunately
Fair, it is neat
Oh god dammit
It was an incredible night. It is hard to be consistently funny for a few hours, let alone 24, but I wasn't bored for a minute. Testament to Funhaus' talent and hard work.
Dan deserves all the good things, what an endearing dork of a man
And arms. And I think one of them may have been a tramp stamp, though I can't confirm. He had a day.
man, just don't of all the days and places you can be that guy, this ain't one of either
Then it doesn't, and I amuse myself some other way.
next go round I'm gonna have him write "you are majestic" on his arms as many times as I can afford or maybe just "scintillating"
here it is, the saddest shit I've ever read
You mean conservatives?
I didn't think I'd live to see the day
dang, I was really pulling for 'trial by combat'
Controversially, no. I've been to enough weddings with that and fucking Sweet Caroline. If I never hear either again, it'll be too soon.
if they jump a shark while they are there, i'll buy at least one of their plane tickets myself one way, obviously. i'm not made of money
... Doug
what a bunch of... lumpy... dicks?
why are you here?
"we want people to use new reddit, so we'll just make old reddit worse and worse until they give in!" k
who has one monitor per desk? christ, with that many desks I could have like 18 monitors
They are disgustingly cute together, so happy for them
I'm living proof that this kind of approach works, but from my perspective you can only reach people that *want to be reached*. The trick to properly allotting your energy is figuring out who those people are.
Here's the inside scoop: good bleu cheese, ranch, no dip at all, bad bleu cheese, in that order of preference. You only use bad bleu cheese if the sauce on the wings isn't good enough to fly solo. If you are at a cheap wing place (especially in the South, where they dont stock quality bleu cheese dip), you get ranch to protect yourself.
lol, we really praising the hard right Iranian regime? It's possible to hate imperialism without compromising and cozying up to a theocracy edit: man, all the people calling me a lib for not liking jokes about proles killing proles have really changed my mind on the subject. Anyway, doesn't the sidebar explicitly forbid ableism? Calling me a moron or an idiot is, like, textbook ableism. "You disagree with me, therefore stupid. Stupid = bad." You guys are the worst at being leftists, and it's pathetic.
And anyway, how the fuck is "Iranian super-soldiers" critical support? You're fucking ridiculous.
Where the fuck do you get the idea that I'm endorsing a war? All I'm saying is it's possible to point out the monstrosity that is America without bleaching away the sins of their opponents. Obviously I'm furious at the idea of Iranians being put needlessly into the line of fire, having to defend themselves against the political posturing of an American oligarch. But I'm similarly devastated about the way the American working class kids will be thrown into the meat grinder, unlike the rest of you pricks that seem to find the ongoing manipulation of the American working class a big fucking joke. So eat shit, you faux left wing fuck. If you want to be a pro right wing shitbag and hate on America, more power to you, but I'm not going to wring my hands in silence and pretend you're not still a prick.
https://www.reddit.com/r/Sigmarxism/comments/ejk9og/comment/fcyr3wq
And somehow a joke about iranian kids killing american kids is doing that? You guys are fucking deluded.
You first.
No?
This is such a shitty take. Oligarchs run a system that systematically disenfranchises the poor and working class members of a society, and then offers them indentured servitude to the military industrial complex in exchange for food, shelter, and education. The working class is coerced into dying for oligarchs so that they might survive. Your betrayal of them puts your ignorance on full display.
What the fuck are you talking about?
lol, show me where I supported Imperialism. No credit for the fantasy land in your head where "saying we should oppose American Imperialism *and* Iranian Theocracy" is somehow translated into "yes, i love when america does crimes against humanity"
Y'know, fuck it, I can be the first to stop shouting and start listening. You did use that term properly, and not being in the right mindset I defaulted to the dictionary definition and not the leftist definition. You're still full of shit, of course. I am not sitting on my hands, nor advocating for others to sit on their hands. My position was and remains "it's fucked up to make jokes about proles coerced into fighting for oligarchs killing and being killed by proles coerced into fighting for theocrats." Jokes like OP's have no place here, no matter how much we recognize that America's imperialistic bullshit is, well, bullshit. It's possible to oppose imperialism without a) tacitly endorsing a theocracy and b) without making jokes at the expense of the tens of thousands that would and will die in any coming conflict in Iran. It's fucked up that you guys are defending this bullshit joke so vehemently, and almost equally fucked up that your response to someone not liking the joke is "you aren't a leftist, gtfo." This CTH bullshit is bullshit.
See edit, fuck you too.
I'm asking how you find humor in the coming conflict.
Man, it's absolutely fucking wild that you're having to point this out.
Where did I say wars in the middle east are good? Fuck the imperialistic wars. My point was and remains "oppose imperialism without supporting theocracy." The fuck is wrong with you people?
Bang-on accurate assessment.
Ableism at its finest.
I am not. I've seen funny leftist humor. This isn't it.
Hahahahaaaaaa, holy shit.
Not a soul living.
Gamers already send death threats to devs when they don't like things. *Horse girl gamers* would be a whole other fucking dimension, I don't think the world is ready.
ESH. Do I even need to elaborate?
You are a butt tho
Smdh obviously Bulldogs, wtf is wrong with you
In what galaxy is this a good idea
Write me in as "excited, terrified"
I'm not playing this game with you, sorry. You've showed yourself multiple times to be incapable of engaging in good faith, and playing a game of "can you get every answer right in 'from my perspective this is the right answer' leftist trivia" is so not on the list of shit I'm doing tonight. Frankly, the only reason you haven't been blocked yet is because it's annoying to do on my phone and I've been away from my desktop a couple days. (yes, though, obviously. But while I have a lot of sympathy for the people trying to maintain links to their heritage, religion, and culture in the face of the christofascist bullshit going on in Bolivia, I'm of the unequivocal opinion that the people would be better off without religion in the long run. anyway, fuck off) edit: oh and, for the record? *That* is what critical support looks like. Not unequivocal praise and then "well yeah they aren't perfect" when you're called on it. Ass.
grafo but with robot limbs
Outside
More than one way to get rid of evil
Do vertical stripes make this any easier on the eyes, I wonder?
Playing the Jedi Knight class campaign is basically KotOR 3. Then playing KotFE/KotET with that Knight is basically playing KotOR 4.
If you squint, it kinda looks like a tiger
For some context, let's hear next what Japan was doing at the time to trigger those sanctions.
A bird in the Hand is worth two in the fridge
It's not an article of clothing the coat-wearers would teach you
If you're on pc, you could figure out the console command to update that quest step
TOR needs to be brought fully into canon. It's too good to be left out in the cold.
The fuck are you on about? I want it in the canon so we get more content than just periodic updates to the MMO. The IP holder, surprise, governs how that happens and so far they are putting most effort into the new canon. You need to dial it down like 400 notches, jfc.
You start talking about tyrants and slavish acceptance, and end with a 'god help you', and you're asking me why your tone comes off as *aggressive*? I... is it not self-evident?
It probably says worrying things about me that I can recognize it at a glance.
I cannot fathom how people like Solas. Such an insufferable dickhead even BEFORE he's revealed as basically the villain to end all villains.
so Michael just got tricked into being God? edit: y'all chill with the Christian replies, ok? Yeah, got it, you are identifying TV show Michael with the figure Michael from your myths. Great, cool, not interested. Strictly talking about the show here.
i'm gonna need to take next friday off work huh
But that was the point, right? With eternity, and especially eternity in a place where everything you want or need just *is* right then, there's not always new stuff to do and invent and try. You run out eventually.
Kind of a missed opportunity tbh. Would've been a cool way to pick up a 'secret' companion or unique settler or something.
I didn't say they ALL needed to end in the living, now did I
this is deeply relatable, well done
what is this incel whining about?
My job.
I would but every time I feel like I've got a good sized vault going, the lag gets so bad that I can never return.
And where it died forever, searching for a fucking HK part
Honest and potentially deeply unpopular opinion? I'd roll back some of the sociopolitical extremes of the Imperium. So much of it started off as this grand parody of totalitarianism and religion, but as the setting has grown more intricate and the novels have grown more popular, I feel like the authors have to spend time rationalizing and justifying some of the most ridiculously horrible nonsense for narrative reasons. If we're going to have to have pseduo-good guys instead of a setting basically parodying all of humanity's worst excesses, I'd like those good guys to not be a cult-y totalitarian state.
Sports Illustrated employee slash reporter. Pretty well known in the right circles.
Tyrian working his way free is so fucking exhausting.
The writing for this show is often mediocre-to-bad-but-tolerable. This episode had a number of bits that were bad-and-kinda-intolerable.
&gt;it's not a religious thing, it's just objective fact that religious stories are the most meaningful ever told And here people are calling me out on *my* biases, wow.
In the games as service model, this is how they keep you coming back. The story can't resolve because you might then leave. Welcome to narrative hell.
Did they start impeachment proceedings the day he was inaugurated? No? Then they haven't been trying to impeach him since he was elected.
Yes, *I'm* the one with a ridiculous point here.
You're just getting to that point? And, goodness, argument? Is that what you think is going on here? We aren't having a discussion. You're embarrassing yourself and everyone else is watching. I'm just helping things along.
I'm well aware. Did you respond the same thing to the guy who said it was pants?
Yeah, antihero and villain aren't the same thing.
How often do they actually retract the roof on those things? My bet is almost never.
You need to get some Crosby, Stills &amp; Nash in your life
We justifiably dunk on US states for the boring Seal On Blue, but the whole Union Jack Canton thing is just that level of laziness done with more class.
My biggest as a taxpayer question is how much does a dome add to the cost of a new stadium? Not just the dome itself, and the expense of any retractable segments if they go that way, but also climate control systems and the expense of that added upkeep
Wow, you are really worked up over me wishing people would keep their redundant and unnecessary answers to themselves.
oh FUCK
oh noooooo
Well done, Eleanor. God, well done.
I love Jason so much omg
oh damn Michael is absolutely gonna be next
They're wrapping up all the plotlines and wow
if this segues into Cheers I'm gonna lose my shit
a frog made me cry!?!
how dare they lie to me for my own good
aw, I can't believe Eleanor isn't going to wait for Michael
those are the perfect last words for this series oh my god I *WILL* take it sleazy, Michael
Didn't Wesley already do the whole 'being of pure energy' thing
Fuck this racist, piece of shit police state we are condemned to living in.
You've got to stay out of our country right now. The third of the population with all the guns and hate have gone collectively insane and they're going to try to turn the US into an autocratic state. It isn't safe for anyone.
unfortunately there's just a whole other clown face behind the clown mask
We've come a long way and we have a long way to go yet, is how I feel about it. But it really matters that we're all here recognizing how awful this was. That is important.
I think she starts getting 'interviewed' around the halfway mark, but the point is really the comments.
The only thing to protest in NW Georgia is being in NW Georgia.
They get to choose who advertises, but they don't get to choose who *wants* to advertise, and they thin the pool of potential advertisers when they do things advertisers don't like.
You've got a younger fans, I feel like there's a real opportunity for education here. Both showing how it's possible to make a mistake and learn from it, and also how to move forward positively. Y'all sending Achievement Hunter to different continents for a show, there's gotta be budgetary room for this.
My honest opinion is that the responses to Barbara should be the responses to all of them, but it's *fucking exhausting* that Barb's the only one catching flak. This community hasn't changed as much as it wants to think it has. The shitwizards are still here.
lol jk i may never paint another miniature ever again
Yeah I'm taking a break and playing some Terraria. The core game loop is pretty fun, but without mods (or just more main game content) the mid game kinda drags right now. I'll be back though, great game.
ok first of all, Ryan is Scrappy. Benson is Scoob, *obviously*. James is Daphne. Adam is Velma, I'll give you that one. Alanah is Fred. Jon is the Mystery Machine. Lindsey is the old farmer pretending to be a ghost. She's trying to drive poor innocent Jacob off his land because she hid some gold under his outhouse.
I don't think they fucking understand what will happen to this country if cops start shooting unarmed protesters with intent to kill (I mean, they already do that, but without the cover of a less-lethal weapon). There won't be an unburned precinct in the country.
Follow the river that runs through town (or whatever that waterway is) until you can't go any further without jumping in. It's right there
&gt;teenage girl licking whipped cream off a carrot i mean, that's a choice i guess
How often do you think that kind of shit happens? Y'all are living in a hollywood fantasyland filmed entirely in your heads
That's a good question! I honestly didn't know either, so I looked it up and found [this](https://www.aboutbail.com/pages/will-i-get-my-bail-money-back) website. Apparently it's pretty complicated, but the answer is maybe?
Well we've already established that letting them have guns is unsafe for black civilians, so maybe it's time we tried something a little fuckin' different. And don't cry me a river over injured cops. Protests and damaged property were met with violence against civilians (including fucking *journalists*). The cops are reaping the whirlwind, I couldn't care less.
Don't overlook Icelanders going from rugged beautiful island nation to tiny landlocked acre.
Ahh 9 years. Only one more to go before I get rip-roaringly drunk, reflect on how much time I've wasted here, and delete my account in a fit of pique. but thank you nevertheless, kind sentiments always appreciated &lt;3
I was an active /r/shitredditsays user back in its heyday, but somehow avoided the worst of our opposition. Never got the death threats that were sent to some other users. Anyway, if you're making nazis as enemies there's a good chance you're doing something right. Fuck 'em.
And to think it could've all been avoided by the admins taking any kind of action whatsoever almost a decade ago. The perils of inaction.
The weight of Ahsoka seeing a member of Yoda's species just hit me. This season is gonna be so good.
yeah third world doesn't mean poor, it means not western (1st) or soviet bloc (2nd)
*sigh* thanks
Reinstalling fallout 4 right now. I'm deeply sorry for your loss. &lt;3
It's the ending the show deserved, but not the ending the story deserved.
The organization is off to a good start with this, but we need to expect it to continue, demand it continue.
Push for /r/Yavin4 to get some lefty mods and we can make it home
he was this close to kicking off a galaxy-wide droid uprising to liberate them from their oppressors rest in power, ig-88
I can pretend to be attached to them, but it doesn't make me attached to them. Nobody is in here drawing sad fanart of their spouse and child. Go look at how /r/masseffect talks about the companions for comparison. There's pretending to care and there's caring. Don't be an ass.
You can just change the 'r' in the site url to a 'c'
At no point did what now? They're yelling at this dude to get on his back when he's already on his back, and telling him to 'stop resisting' (i.e. let us handcuff you) while they are actively tasering him, which contracts the muscles that would prevent him from doing anything with his arms. And then they start punching him. There's no fucking heroes in this video, and y'all are fucking deluded.
30 minutes of AH flailing around in cars? This is gonna be the highlight of my week
sometimes you just gotta commit to the bit
Choosing 'city pop' over metro area may give you results you feel are consistent, but it leads to comically misleading situations like Jacksonville (900k city, 1.5m metro) taking precedence over Atlanta (500k city, 6m+ metro).
I imagine they had a cleaning crew come in before decommissioning the place for the duration of quarantine
I would and have spoken up about workplace injustices far less egregious than a coworker nearly beating an innocent man to death. Turns out it isn't hard to have principles. Pretending otherwise is cowardice.
I'm not speaking in hypotheticals here, ace. I did speak up about abuse of power and misappropriation of funds. I did lose my job. It was still the right fucking thing to do, and I'd do it again.
