My interpretation of the film is that it is a meta film. This is meant to be a propaganda movie from the universe portrayed in the movie. We never actually see the real universe of the film, only an idealized and heavily scripted version of it. The characters are all super great and clean cut and attractive, with melodramatic, revenge laden back stories. I figure the humans actually started the war, and are actually losing it as well. This is a propanda film that the actual government from Heinlein's novel might have made.
Umm, I think your connection to reality might be a little... tenuous. I mean I am often accused of being overly optimistic about the timeline of tech developments, but this is truly absurd. You also seem to have this odd belief that the world is ending soon?
I simply don't believe that that is true. You have to be eating a *very* shitty diet to be truly deficient in the things we need. Your body is very, very good at inter-converting different types of organic molecules it needs. With the exception of the few things we call the essential vitamins (plus the required amino acids,) the body makes everything else. In general, the content of your diet has way less effect on your health than the "health" industry tends to portray. People have lived for hundreds of thousands of years in very harsh climates with sometimes extremely limited food variety, and we have evolved to be shockingly adaptable when it comes to food. Inuit cultures were healthy for thousands of years and consumed no plants at all. The part of your diet that is truly important for your health is not what you eat but how much. Large amounts of sugar will lead to metabolic disease, etc. Beyond that, people just worry about it way too much. There is a strong tendency for people to want to believe their health issues can be solved with something easy like a change in diet, but rarely does this actually do anything.
[Sure](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25545022)
I assure you it is urine. There is no other place in the female pelvis, anatomically, that can store that amount of liquid. Studies in 2015 using ultrasound were actually able to observe the liquid building up in the bladder and then drain out. However it's often very watery urine, so it has little taste. It is for sure straight from the bladder. I am not trying to dispute your wife's experience. Some women really do genuinely enjoy it. But for most women that is not how they experience it, and I do my best to prevent the spread of misinformation here.
Virtually all women love it when a guy makes genuine sounds of sexual enjoyment. The more the better. In fact guys not making any noise is a very common sexual complaint among women.
she's either incredibly dumb and irresponsible, actively trying to entrap you with a baby, or you didn't hear the rest of the conversation where she is off her pills but using some other form of contraception like an implant or a ring or IUD, etc.
Although I don't hate sex outside of a relationship, I certainly strongly prefer sex in a relationship. It's just better when you can establish trust, share fantasies on a deeper level, get to learn each other's bodies, etc. There is nothing wrong with your views and it won't be hard to find a partner who is on the same page.
Well when we do it we pick movies that include some kind of shared fantasy aspect for us, and dirty talk about how we'd like to be involved, etc.
Penetration should not be painful at all if done right. You have probably been living with some form of untreated vaginismus your whole life. If sex is painful for you there are treatment options and you should see a doctor. I understand your experience, but for most women, penetration enhances the experience of clitoral stimulation substantially. It won't cause orgasm on it's own, but both together are more than the sum of their parts.
Some vitamins are directly related to the function of the immune system. It's been a decade now since I studied biochemistry but I don't think people have suddenly become deficient in that time. The nutrition industry is heavily influenced by profit and many bogus studies try to push one vitamin or another to boost sales. In order to have true vitamin deficiencies you need to be doing stuff like living on ramen entirely. You only see it in very poor people generally.
Start using basmati rice and Alton Brown's pilaf method to prepare it. You don't need to use the spices to make it actual Indian pilaf, just the basic process of first toasting the rice with butter then adding boiling water and finishing in the oven. It's really not hard to do and the resulting rice is so much better than any other rice on Earth there is just no comparison. I learned this method decades ago and have never made rice another way since.
This was not nearly so impressive in 1988 as it is today.
Most men are biologically incapable of multiple orgasm.
This is completely untrue.
Hahahah ok well the fact that you can stand there claiming the ruling elite have high IQ's while Tump is in office is pretty hysterical. There are morons and effective people at every single level of society. Also WTF is HBD? The top definition I get is a police code: "has been drinking." Seems pretty appropriate here.
I would hardly call it a kink but for me, oral sex on a woman performed by a man. This is something I absolutely *love* doing in real life. The smell and taste of pussy is like a lightening rod to my penis. But in porn, I just don't want to see it. In general I do not want to see any male face at all. I don't really like straight porn much in general but in particular anything where you hear the guy or see his face. I think what happens is that just reminds me it's another guy there and that takes me out of the fantasy.
Spermicide is not very effective and is also very bad for the vagina. It should never be relied upon so there is really no good reason ever to use it.
Yes your penis is almost certainly done growing at 17. Your peers are most assuredly *not* all 7-8 inches unless there is something statistically freaky going on, because only like maybe 10% of penises are that large, if that.
hahahahahaha.... His smarter staff... I am in tears, you are hysterical. Oh so HBD is racist bullshit science, gotcha. You are a sad, sad joke. Thanks for making my morning amusing.
As far as I am concerned, the not-pretty vulva is basically a creature of myth and legend. Other than gross-out pictures on the Internet I have never been introduced to female genitals I didn't like.
High heeled shoes. They just make women walk awkwardly like a giraffe.
There is nothing substantive here to deny, I am simply making fun of you. Your whole life and everything you believe in is utter bullshit. Nobody likes you, even in real life.
I just find everything lines up better and it just plain feels better. It's physically much easier because you neither have to support yourself nor let your weight rest on your partner. It also leaves your hands free to do other things. Also during missionary the man's body lies against her and makes her clitoris inaccessible, so that the only way to stimulate it is with grinding, which is not sufficient for many women. other mammals and apes do it this way and there is every reason to believe that our species did too for most of our history. I am not saying missionary is bad exactly, I am just not sure how it became the most standard.
That sounds very unusual indeed. I assume you have had all this medically checked out? Could you have suffered some sort of urethral prolapse? It maybe correctable with surgery.
It's definitely possible that you will be unable to orgasm from sex if you were to try it right now. You need to stop masturbating this way completely. With enough time without orgasm, your body will become very sensitive and eventually the regular way will work. The trick is sticking with it until it does. For some guys it takes months. Anyone else that is reading, please do not masturbate this way. The friction is extremely likely to cause desensitization issues. It doesn't happen with everyone but it's common enough that it's not worth it.
The fact of the matter is that there are no truly universal signs of orgasm in women that can be detected without instruments. There are lots of things that are common, but nothing that is a sure fire indication. Muscle contractions are a decent indicator, but many, perhaps most women don't have them strongly enough to feel with your penis. Also women can easily fake these muscle contractions if they know what they are doing. So basically the only true measure of whether or not a woman has had an orgasm (outside of a sex lab) is when she tells you. And of course if she *was* faking, she wouldn't likely admit it. At that age, tons of women have never had an orgasm and have no idea what it feels like or if they are having them or what, so she may be just as confused as you. Many women when they find that they don't orgasm from sex alone, as most women don't, they feel broken in some way because of media portrayals that women are supposed to work like that. This often leads to anxiety over the fact that they aren't orgasming and this leads to faking. Unless there's been things you have been doing specifically to bring her to orgasm, like extensive stimulation of her clitoris in some way, it's unlikely she is having orgasms. Most women can't just from getting fucked.
You are almost certainly being too hard on yourself. To be honest though, penetration really could be an issue in certain positions if she has a really prodigious ass. Doggy style may be impossible. However the fat pad around the vagina itself is pretty thin so any position from the front you should be perfectly fine.
The right girl at the right time, sure. Though if I am horny enough it can be most any girl.
It has happened to me only a few times in my life. Shower sex is super awkward though so that might be a culprit. In my experience shower sex basically sucks and sounds much better than it really is. Things never line up and water washes away all lubrication.
It's likely that the angle her vagina is making is not matching the angle of your erection. What is your erection angle? Like does it point strongly up or straight out or down?
That seems bizarre in that thread. It's specifically asking about things you can't say to a *girlfriend* so it would almost be weird if nothing sexual came up. I don't know about the /r/ihavesex subreddit in general, but in this specific case, some bitter virgin just didn't like you.
For me, no there isn't. I wouldn't flirt with a woman I wasn't interested in having sex with. Different people flirt for different reasons. I have found that a couple should be compatible in this regard. Some people just never stop flirting for fun and never want to, even in relationships. I have no interest in being with such a person. It's not that they're bad, just not for me.
There is no thought crime. You did nothing wrong and you can't help what arouses you. There would be nothing wrong with continuing to have these fantasies if you want to. There is no realistic chance that you will ever do anything in real life to emulate them. Your thoughts can't abuse anyone, and in fantasy everything is consensual because you are the only person involved. "Weird" and taboo fantasies are actually very, very common, it's just that they are never talked about it the open.
Yes but those numbers are clearly false. Huge, huge numbers of people are in denial about their level of bisexuality. In questions that just ask about fantasies, without any labeling, the numbers rise dramatically. Like for instance over 25% of men in surveys admit to fantasizing about sucking cock. Even that number is probably under-reported. Basically people are often really bad at accepting their sexuality.
People are way, way, way more gay than traditional survey techniques show, because most men who have gay fantasies won't admit it even to themselves. Women are better at it these days because they have less cultural shame over it, though obviously it still happens in females as well.
I expect to know the full sexual history of my romantic partners, so yes. I would never get back together with an ex though.
It's mostly genetic. Some guys just have a more sensitive trigger than others. Obviously people will get off faster or slower in more or less erotic situations, but a guy's baseline average is just something he is born with. It will usually increase somewhat over the course of his life but nothing is universal.
There is nothing anecdotal about it. http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/jsm.12734/abstract
That can make doggy somewhat problematic I have heard, though mine doesn't point up at all so I don't have personal experience. There's a position called prone bone that is similar to doggy that might work better for you. Probably easier just to look it up rather than me explain the position.
You don't need people's anecdotes on the Internet, as this has been studied. You are correct that most women have "outies". It's about 75%/25% outies to innies. So innies aren't really rare, but they are definitely a minority.
There's no name for that because that is just... standard sex. Ejaculating *on* women is the more unusual thing. Porn has this reversed compared to real life. Obviously coming inside her is more exciting.
Penis enlargement surgery is not a good option for anybody. The girth adding operation just takes fat from other parts of your body and packs it into your penis. It's weird and lumpy looking afterwards, *and* it only lasts like 6 months to a year or something before your body reabsorbs the fat and it needs to be done again. I am sorry but there are no effective penis enlargement techniques known to modern science at this time. What you have is what you have for the foreseeable future.
He is obviously manipulating you into the threesome by using the potential of getting back together as a carrot on a string. He doesn't care about you and will not be getting back together with you. Drop this guy like a hot potato. He is 100% simply using you as a booty call.
Every time I see one of these sorts of polls, like the old "ass man or "boob man" sort of thing, it boggles my mind that pussy is not a choice. It's weird to me that most men seem to focus their sexuality on body parts they don't actually have sex with generally. For me the natural focus of my sexuality as far as body parts are concerned was always pussy.
Some people are just hard wired this way. There is probably nothing you can do. Eventually you may grow out of it.
There are no such signs. All those masturbation/porn articles online are paranoia. No real science is involved.
Squirting is pee. Most of what you read and hear about squirting is 100% myth.
It's actually a myth that squirting usually accompanies orgasm. It actually usually does not, and generally isn't even very pleasurable.
You are thinking of true female ejaculation, which is a completely separate phenomenon from squirting, which most assuredly is urine.
What? god no. That will actually make your penis *less* sensitive. During sex it should be pulled back but not at other times.
It's a bad reason though. Only a doctor that had never been educated properly about foreskin would do that. It can almost always be resolved with stretching. In the unlikely event that doesn't work, there are surgeries that correct the issue without removing the foreskin. As a basic public service announcement: If your doctor is recommending a circumcision 90% of the time it's time to find a new doctor.
You may develop an appreciation for it, but it's true that not all men get pleasure from anal insertion. It's not nearly so universal as you might imagine from reading on the internet.
You definitely do *not* need a circumcision. It can most likely be resolved through stretching, and if not there are surgeries that correct the tightness without removing the foreskin.
Yes this is a documented thing.
Nope. That's what a tongue is for. For clitoral stimulation during penetrative sex, any slim vibrator should work in just about any position where your bodies aren't laying against each other face to face.
The length is generally longer than the penis they are meant to cover because you aren't meant to unroll it all the way. By making it longer it can fit a wider variety of penis sizes. If you find condoms are loose try the snug fit ones.
I don't actually clearly remember starting, or remember my first orgasm. I think I was probably about 5. I am a guy and I didn't use the standard fist pumping method back then but sort of rubbed the head in a weird way. I thought I had made the greatest discovery in the history of civilization when I found the correct way when I was 8 or 9. There's no ejaculation when you are that young, just orgasm. I can remember it slowly coming in around 10 to 12 years old.
This is a very bad idea that could lead to infection. Frenuloplasty is an extremely easy surgery. Though if you live in the US I understand your motivation. What a fucking stupid system.
Prostitution being illegal isn't just dumb, it's *fucking stupid*. So let me get this straight, if I pay the woman for sex, film it, and sell it as porn, that is legal, but if I pay her for sex and don't film it, that's illegal? Seriously WTF is that shit. I almost can't even believe the double think that societies have in this regard. It's *idiocy*. There is nothing at all immoral about it. It's a simple business transaction. It's not something I would ever do, but certainly not because I think it's immoral.
He's just talking about a practical way to deal with the mess.
That's a pretty bleak view of humanity. I am pretty bitter and jaded but I just don't see it truly happening this way. It will move in this direction for a while but very quickly, AI powered automation will change... everything. Once labour is free, things cost only energy and materials to create. Once energy is free (or vanishingly cheap,) things cost only materials. Once all materials are mined/produced/recycled using automated labour and free energy, there is no real material cost either. Within 50 years material goods on a day-to-day scale will, for all intents and purposes have no cost. In this scenario money itself ceases to even be very meaningful. The people with all the money have no increased power because nobody really cares about the money. Once automated systems are creating automated systems, all it takes is for one guy to put such an automated system in the public domain for all people everywhere to have access to whatever automation they need. Even if the wealthy hoard all the money and gate themselves in compounds, people will just live their lives happily in automated homesteads. It will be a return to cottage living of the pre-industrial past, but with all the benefits of modern technology. If you have shelter, food and all the goods you need, what good is money? The very reason that we have oligarchs who try to control large numbers of people is fear. Fear of having your things taken away and your life-style ruined. Technology is going to take the fear factor out of money. With nothing to lose, nobody has any reason to try to control large numbers of people. It's a waste of time. I expect nation states themselves will dissolve peacefully within 100 years.
Sure if somebody gives me a robot-making robot first.
There are quite a few doctors who believe that circumcision is almost never required, even the vast majority of the time it is done. Just about the only time it is required are constant recurring infection or a tumour. Doctors are not a universal entity and they do not all agree or have the same education.
Men can "squirt." Almost everything you read about squirting online is myth. It is simply a spasm that voids the bladder. This has now been conclusively proven through ultrasound study. Anyway men can do it, or at least some men, including myself, can. Try directing a jet of water or using a vibrator right at the tip of your penis, like around the opening. You will get a very intense sensation that may be difficult to handle. If you can power through it though, you will find that you experience a spasm that empties your bladder. It's almost certainly the exact some mechanism that causes this in women. It should be said that some women do "squirt" (void their bladder) during true orgasm. This is simply urinary incontinence, usually from weak PC muscles. True female ejaculation is a separate phenomenon that is quite rare and most women cannot experience it.
You could easily find the relevant study yourself by googling "ultrasound study squirting." Anyway here you [go](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25545022) This is no longer controversial among scientists studying the matter. It was proven conclusively to be urine in 2015 and that information is being slow to make it's way into cultural awareness.
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25545022 It's usually quite dilute (watery) so it usually doesn't have much smell or taste if the woman is hydrated.
Why couldn't they just get a surgery that also corrects it immediately but doesn't remove the foreskin? There are multiple such surgeries.
Wow now that is a new one to me.
That's actually a very common phrase in English. When something is overly complicated and long it can be referred to as a production, like a theatrical production.
Very few women, like only the absolute most stone-cold bitch would say something like that leading up to sex.
What information are you hoping to gain here? I assure you looking at survey studies will get you better results. The average lifetime number in NA is 7.
Prostate orgasms are not something all men can experience. Orgasm intensity varies a lot from person to person regardless of how the orgasm was arrived at.
Sample size really doesn't matter much in an anatomical study like this. Does it seem likely to you that 7 randomly selected women who squirt all demonstrated the same mechanism (urination), but that *isn't* the case with most other women who squirt? That would be a rather bizarre coincidence. Even if you were to be as skeptical as possible here you have to admit that, at the very least it is urine for a substantial percentage of women who experience it. Also there is the fact that nothing in the female pelvis but the bladder can store that much liquid. Many medical professionals were already convinced it was urine long before this study simply because of this fact. This study is really just final confirmation. I am sorry to seem stand-offish it's just that the evidence is in on this one and I am constantly frustrated when people refuse to believe the evidence right in front of their eyes.
Everything you read about porn being bad is scare tactic bullshit. Science has known that porn and masturbation are perfectly fine for decades. There is currently a poorly supported moral panic on the Internet about porn and everything you read about it saying that it's bad for people can be safely discounted. Masturbate and watch as much porn as you like, you are fine. How long you last in bed is basically in-born and there isn't a lot you can do to change it from what it is naturally. Masturbation will tend to make a guy last longer simply because it's harder for a guy to orgasm the more recently he has already orgasmed, but it has no lasting effect.
There is only one orgasm mechanism for women. Orgasms from penetration are still the same orgasms in a basic sense as those from clitoral stimulation. They can feel a bit different but there is no fundamental divide. In fact most women find that both clitoral stimulation and vaginal penetration at the same time is really what leads to orgasm most reliably. Women who orgasm easily from penetration alone simply get more stimulation of their internal clitoris from penetration itself, or tend to use positions where they can grind their clit on their partner during sex, and have the sensitivity for that to be sufficient. For most women most of the time, no orgasm will occur unless the clitoris is involved directly or indirectly. Some women also require much more intense clitoral stimulation than others.
A woman can easily use her fingers or a vibrator to stimulate her own clit during sex. In fact, women, if you aren't doing this... you probably should be.
OK I thought I was nuts. Here in Canada McDonalds hasn't had any styrofoam anything for decades.
Here in Canada they stopped all use of foam in like the 80s. They never had any foam drink cups except the little old coffee cups.
Yes this is correct.
I love it but it's very controversial. Guys tend to either love it or hate it.
Do you have a big pot belly or something?
Yup I just posted about this is a "lesser known sex facts" thread. It can easily be done by stimulating the tip of the penis right around the urethra. For me it's easiest to do with a shower head on a jet setting. I am not sure what percentage of guys it works on but it's definitely not too uncommon. Personally I am convinced that it is in fact the exact same sort of spasm as women experience during squirting. Just so you know the liquid is for sure just the contents of your bladder. It will be clear or more obviously urine depending on your hydration, just like in women. I can do it but I don't as a matter of course. It's kind of an intense feeling but not the same or nearly as good as an orgasm. Having experienced it though, I can see how a lot of women who haven't had a true orgasm would mistake it for one.
It's just the contents of the bladder, just like with female squirting. Squirting is urine.
Not only that but "large" (in the sense that they are visible at all times) labia are what 75% of women have. Only about 1 in 4 women has an "innie" vulva and yet somehow this has become a standard of beauty for some people?
It's pretty awesome. I mean ultimately it's not really better than good sex with one woman, just different. Definitely nice memories to have.
It depends how horny and for how long.
This is most likely cervical mucus, what you call uterine gland secretions. It's very common. You don't see it normally because sex tends to pull it out from the deeper parts of the vagina. It's there almost every time with my GF as well.
Dude the longest I have been without porn in like 25 years is a week when I was on vacation. This sin't even a throw-away account. There is just zero shame in this.
That's easy just ask first if they like it.
What is the subject of these videos? Do they have something in common? A lot of people are not really attracted to a specific gender but more just have certain things that turn them on that may or may not be somewhat related to gender.
Most likely it's actually an innate instinct that you are born with, like a general tendency towards submissiveness or whatever, and then the details of that taste are filled in by your life experience. Many people with such fetishes/kinks report experiencing them from a very young age.
I masturbated with my right hand exclusively for many years when I was young, but at some point I became completely ambidextrous as far as masturbation is concerned. It's situational and almost random which I use.
I'm not just hesitant it's an ironclad no, at least as far as actual romantic relationships are concerned. Casual sex is fine but my life experiences have taught me that I am not romantically compatible *at all* with women who identify as poly. I can be sexually attracted to many women but only romantically attracted to one, and I need the same dedication at least in my partner.
The clitoris is the seat of female sexual sensation, but not the only player. Almost all women experience more pleasure and faster, more powerful orgasms when they *combine* clitoral stimulation with vaginal penetration. Even if they can't orgasm from it alone, penetration is still an important part of orgasm for most women.
This is completely insane. Name a thing that isn't ultimately useless. Sex is for pleasure. Pleasure is as useful as anything else. Pleasure is basically the purpose of life. All that other shit, work, saving money, fame, blah, blah, blah, all of it is just a way to get pleasure, ultimately. But if you spend your whole life focusing on work for work's sake, your life will have none, and then you will die.
Sure, but you can do all those things you mention and then also, towards the end, have actual penetrative sex. It seems likely you are enjoying it more simply because it's forcing your partner to actually focus on it whereas before he was rushing through it to get to the sex. All you have to do is make sure to insist on more such attention before sex. As a general rule, a woman should have already had at least one orgasm or, depending on what you are doing, at least be very close to it already by the time a penis goes inside.
Well that is for sure unusual and definitely indicative of probably some sort of congenital abnormality, but it's not likely a hormonal thing or you'd have had unusual development during puberty. Sex drives vary a huge amount from person to person, and it seems yours landed at zero or near zero. If you have no other health issues, there is not likely much a doctor can do. It's entirely possible though that something will awaken it in you eventually.
Contrary to what you read online, prostate massage is not actually effective for all men. It may even be a minority of men.
Obviously some guys do but wow not me. My nipples are a complete no-go zone. They are sensitive but not at all in a sexual way. It just feels like being tickled but... really awkward and uncomfortable.
Wanting to have sex every day is a fairly high drive compared to average. I was stunned myself to slowly discover over the course of my life that most guys are not as driven by sex as I was. Or they chase it passionately but then once they get it they are like... "meh." You read here all the time about relationships where the woman can barely get the guy to fuck her. I just can't even imagine. Her drive sounds to be average or a little below average, which won't help matters.
31 is not that old, and a lot can still change for you. I am 38 and in the best shape of my life, much better than when I was 31. Psychologically, I completely understand the giving up. "Giving up" also has a certain power though. If you can truly get to the headspace of giving no fucks, you will likely find that you have newfound confidence. Fear holds you back more than anything from trying to find a relationship. Courage is easier when you feel you have nothing to lose. If you try you might (probably will) get badly hurt emotionally at points, but you have a chance. if you never try, you are alone forever and get to always wonder what if. The older you get the more you will think about the things you didn't do that you could have.
I can last as long as I want during sex, but I still make sure she is quite aroused before beginning. It's true that if you can last during sex and your partner either orgasms from penetration alone or does something with her clit during, you don't need to make sure she has an orgasm first. This is really exactly what I was referring to in saying "at least be very close." Her being very wet and aroused will make the sex much better for her and also cut down on chafing and irritation of the vagina. Most women are quite capable of multiple orgasms in the same session under the right circumstances, but of course some aren't and you would treat that situation differently. The first advice (she orgasms before sex) is still the best though for the average man and the average women to make sure that the woman has at least one orgasm. Most men can't reliably last long enough and most women can't orgasm from penetration alone. Remember I am giving advice to everyone here not to you specifically.
How is that considered classic? It was critically panned.
Wow I hated Warcraft 3. I was expecting an RTS and it was just moving in a weird direction. I just wanted to scream over how few guys you could select at one time. Even worse than Starcraft. I always hated Blizzard RTS games for that and I was really hoping they would finally fix it in Warcraft 3. Imagine my disgust when I learned they had doubled down on this bullshit. I think you could only select like 8 fucking guys or something at once, and no order queuing. Fucking. Sad. After playing something like Total Annihilation where you can select every unit on the map and give them an order and also queue up those orders in complicated ways, anything by Blizzard is just frustratingly limited. You aren't fighting your enemy you are fighting the stupid interface. It's supposed to be a strategy game but it's more about how fast you select and click on things.
You would think so but in study after study it is the most common type of female fantasy.
For some women yes and for some women no. This is true of basically any penis however.
We're talking more about oral sex on a woman here. In porn this is almost universally terrible, even in lesbian porn. Just somebody lapping at a clit like it was ice-cream. Not 1 in 10 pornos that include cunnilingus portray someone who knows what they are doing along with somebody who is genuinely enjoying it. They do exist but you have to weed through hundreds of videos to find them.
Really? Really?? You seriously think if you called the cops on this woman the 16 year old would be anything but horrified in this situation? You think this is worth ruining a woman's life?? Fucking hell people are taking this double standards stuff too seriously. There is a double standard here because men and women will actually usually have very different reactions and motivations in a situation like this. The chances that this kid is being abused in any way are *vanishingly* small. This most likely isn't even a real story but a fantasy written by... the 16 year old himself. This is a 16 year old we are talking about here, not a 10 year old. The correct response here (assuming this really happened) is to later on, ask the son if everything was consensual. If he says yes, make sure to educate him about protection and then FUCK OFF AND LET PEOPLE DO WHAT THEY WANT.
Won't somebody think of all these poor tortured teenage boys getting laid!! Sometimes double standards exist because men and women just aren't the same in some ways. I *wish* something like this had happened to me when I was 16. 90+% of guys would agree.
However, the genders *aren't* reversed so it's *not* an enormous issue. Sometimes double standards actually make sense.
Definitely only with somebody I trust. With a stranger I would always be playing it safe. Newness can be exciting but over time I have come to strongly prefer sex with a very familiar partner, because we can play each other like an instrument. Like I can give about any woman an orgasm, but with my partner I can give her 9 screaming orgasms in various ways.
He is into submissiveness and possibly humiliation. This in and of itself does not mean that he is bisexual, though it probably does make it more likely that he *might* be.
Just make sure you are well hydrated and don't eat any asparagus. It's mostly myth that what you eat affects the taste.
Just like with other plastic surgery, using fillers like this is not permanent and often has crummy results. It tends not to deposit evenly and you end up with a weird, lumpy penis. Every photo I have seen of this type of penis enlargement was weird looking. Also your body re-absorbs it and it has to be done again every few months. It's totally impractical.
It's not well studied but I will say that there is *huge* variation in orgasm intensity between individuals, so much so that any difference in genders would likely be drowned out by the statistical noise. The simple truth is that some people of any gender experience much more intense orgasms than other people. I have seen many reports from both men and women saying they have very weak orgasms.
It's a terrible idea that is to be avoided *for me*, but different people are very different.
No it really wouldn't be opposite. I just told you my opinion on this exact topic. I would say that abuse is "more likely" and that is all. I just don't think you can make a blanket abuse claim with these ages involved.
We talked about it for a while, and eventually looked online and found a lesbian couple and things happened. Part of it is just going to be luck in finding receptive partners.
For sure. I actually find regular genital shaving pretty silly. It nearly always results in red bumps and skin irritation. I like variation, and shaving your GF is fun now again, but as a regular thing it's impractical. Also unless you keep up with it religiously, you always spend a lot of time with stubble, which is pokey and uncomfortable for you and your partner. I fully enjoy a good pussy whether it's shaved, trimmed, or au-naturel. The only thing I don't like is stubble, and even that's not going to hold me back really.
You were likely in no danger at all. There is actually only one recorded case of coyotes killing a full grown human, and they were probably hybrids.
Well it's obviously not true. The crust formed by browning is not water proof. In fact that browning dissolves in water quite easily. That is exactly what you are doing when you deglaze a pan. I had no idea people were even still spreading this falsehood. People need to watch Alton Brown.
Squirting is simply a form of urinary incontinence. Most likely your strengthening of your pelvic floor muscles simply solved a weak bladder issue you were having.
It's not the number of units it's the limitations on the command interface. Also intense micromanagement of units and abilities. That isn't a strategy game, it's basically a top down group shooter, or something. Actually I'd almost call it an RPG. I don't really know what to call it but that style of game like DOTA and crap just took over and killed the RTS genre.
And gay people are criminal in Iran. That's obviously much worse than this but my point is that many things are criminal in the eyes of the law that are not truly criminal.
I can't recommend it strongly enough.
Yes but average is still only like 6 minutes. It's something a majority of men struggle with at least in stages of their lives.
If you grab the penis and stretch it out while flaccid it actually goes to almost exactly your normal erect length, so some studies use this measure. Bone pressed erection length is the standard though.
As a man, I simply don't understand guys like this. I had tons of anxiety around sex when I was young and inexperienced, just like almost all guys. but if you are anxious about doing it right, why do so few men actually *research* what works and what doesn't?? Like it just seems like the completely natural reaction to being anxious about it. I have been puzzling about this for years. Can anyone help me with this? Any guys who went into sex completely clueless want to tell me *why* they didn't prepare better? Most people prepare better for fucking tests at school it boggles my mind.
Male sex drive varies just as much as female sex drive. Personally I wouldn't really want to keep up more than once per day for very long, but once per days would sure be awesome. Sadly no woman I have ever been with has been able to match my sex drive.
I think "perverts" are just people who are honest with themselves about their desires.
So let me get this straight, you are a guy who prefers porn with 0 men in it, and that makes you think you are gay?
You are correct here in everything except your use of the term "squirting fluid" which is just urine with (sometimes) *tiny* traces of other prostate-like secretions. I actually just explained in detail how the spasms usually called squirting are distinct from regular urinary incontinence, which is also often mistakenly referred to as "squirting". They both involve just urine though.
Obvious fake is obvious, but in case you are serious, hire a prostitute. A hand job will not be expensive. This will be more comfortable for everyone.
I think this varies depending on the partners involved. Still, perhaps I am just old fashioned and conditioned by the patriarchy, but I feel that women on average have a better time of sex when the man takes most of the responsibility for her orgasms. Female orgasms themselves most likely evolved as essentially a mate test. By giving a woman a lot of sexual pleasure you are proving your physical stamina and health, sexual desire and aggressiveness, as well as your empathy and ability to read her desires and fulfill them. All of these are also good tests for a mate that will maximize success of child rearing. None of this is going through anybody's mind during sex obviously; it's all subconscious instinct, but most woman's sexual responses make a lot of sense through this lens. Women are much more likley than men to have a "responsive" sex drive. That is, a drive that never really self starts but relies on somebody else to get it going. Fully a third of women *never* masturbate, and most of these women enjoy sex and can experience sexual pleasure. It's just that for them it's fundamentally a partnered activity.
I don't know if it's "literally" nature for only men to care about orgasm, but in any event I still find it hard to comprehend. I can't imagine not caring about pleasuring the woman, I just can't imagine it. I feel like everything about culture and media and everything has drilled into me since I was a small child that a guy who can't please his woman is a complete loser. I mean completely aside from the fact that I take great joy in pleasuring women, if I were to bang some woman and just finish and leave her wanting I would be *ashamed*. I would feel like I had deeply insulted somebody or conned them.
Weed and sex.
huh I always thought it was the other way around, that Captain Tractor did it first. I'm certainly not confident of that though. Either way even I'd agree that the Captain Tractor version is better, and I've seen the Worms live twice.
He's a Giant Wolf. I think his name is Ralph? The "Godzilla" is actually named Lizzie and the Ape is named George. Anyway that's funny he's not in the Nintendo version. He certainly is in the Sega Master System version.
Well generally sex of course. Fortunately the two compliment each other quite well.
ahahaha I am almost literally triple that age. I never even tried weed until I was 30. I am simply honest with myself about where my priorities lie.
If you are thinking *at all* about what your face is is doing during sex you are not nearly as focused on the sex itself as you should be.
I'm a guy who is the same. It just feels better and is more intimate and psychologically a million times sexier.
I am not sure where you are getting your info but penetrative fingering is no more effective than a penis at giving orgasms, provided the guy can last long enough. When most women have an orgasm from "fingering" it's because their clitoris is being stimulated. There is no such thing as a "vaginal" orgasm as there is only one type of female orgasm that can be triggered in different ways. It is generally best arrived at through a *combination* of clitoral and vaginal stimulation. It's actually very common for women to find fingering uncomfortable, particularly if the guy is overly aggressive because he has seen those bullshit "squirting" videos. You may have experienced some faking because they were uncomfortable and wanted you to stop but were too shy to say that. It's a super common reaction, particularly among younger women.
You may have a natural allergy to your partner. Though that would likely cause irritation of your penis as well. Do you have sex without condoms? If you do and your penis is unaffected this is pretty mysterious.
The numbers are a really difficult thing to lock down and I really couldn't guess at the true percentages. But it's clear that *many* men really don't care much about the pleasure of their partners. There are also large numbers of men who do care in an academic sense, but lack the physical ability and/or skill to really be effective. The guy I work with is a classic example. He freely admits to me he doesn't really care about female pleasure. This guy used to be a drug dealer and general low-life and as a result he has had sex with probably hundreds of women. He's still pretty rough but he's mostly turned his life around, with a steady partner and a kid. He's almost 30 now and from what he says he actually has little interest in sex anymore. Like his GF practically has to beg him. For him sex was clearly always more about conquest and proving his "manliness" than about the sex itself. I think a *huge* number of guys have this basic complex. It tends to go along with a low level of empathy. People who say "Everything is about sex, except for sex itself; sex is about power" are generally people who are not very into sex itself.
Not all men experience this but it is fairly common. I had trouble coming to orgasm during sex sometimes when I was young, but it passed completely.
I'm 38, been using porn practically daily for 25 years, and still get risk hard veryreliably.
Porn is most assuredly not the reason for your problems in life. You are simply looking for a convenient scapegoat. Some guys just end up preferring masturbation to sex for a variety of reasons. Most likely all of the "science" you have read about on this topic is complete bullshit. If you read "yourbrainonporn" or anything to do with that, it's complete garbage. Porn *does not* cause sexual dysfunction. No statistics anywhere indicate that it does. People had fetishes and sexual requirements beyond regular sex long before the Internet existed and porn was freely available. Not everyone ever develops much of an appreciation for plain-Jane sex and you are probably just one of them.
The problem is that we evolved entirely to maximize reproductive success. That is the *only* "goal" of evolution. We are programmed to create more copies of ourselves at any cost, and in fact our evolutionary drives are very often bad for us. Our instincts are out of place in modern society. Our DNA does not directly care about us an individuals, but only as vehicles into the future. What we need to do is completely escape our evolutionary path and forge new goals that favour the happiness of individual people, without regard to their reproductive success.
and /r/NoFap is a weird masturbation shaming cult that is not based on any real science and does nobody any good.
Listen to him, he is much more correct than others here. NoFap is *complete* garbage and porn has never been shown to cause erectile dysfunction. The only reason quitting could possibly help anything is placebo.
I have never had a fetish in the sense that it's something I *need* in order to get off. I honestly can't really remember the stuff I fantasized about as a child, but certainly by the time I was 13 or 14 I was having a wide variety of fantasies.
So what is likely happening is that the positions and fingering techniques he is using are rubbing against your urethra. This is actually generally what leads to the urination response commonly called squirting. Try for deeper penetration combined with clitoral stimulation at the same time.
Just about everything you read about squirting is myth. There is really no reason at all to foster it. It does not provide any increased pleasure for most women, and is simply urine.
It's mental and physical for me, but it's not about how my partner looks for the most part, but how she acts.
I don't even need to post because this is exactly what I would have said.
Yeah it sounds like he has a similar experience to me, but is being dumb about how he handles it. In future I would tell him to just let you handle most of the movement when you are on top and he can finish afterwards in another position. If you want to try orgasming in different positions, consider getting a slim vibrator that can stimulate your clit during sex. It's the grinding of your clit against his pubic bone in this position that is crucial in this position. But with a vibrator you can get that clit/penetration combo in nearly any position.
I certainly think that in the future we will revert back to a type of society closer to what was happening during our long pre-farming history. It sounds like this is pretty much what you are saying. People will have a lot more time on their hands and will be much, much happier as a result. People who think job-loss will cause mass depression have Stockholm syndrome. Their sense of freedom has been kidnapped and abused by work culture.
Really? Show me even one study discrediting it. As I have said many times, this type of study does not rely on large sample size because of the nature of what is being studied. Even with only 7 participants, the chances that they all emit urine in a similar way, when this *isn't* what is happening with most women who squirt, would be very, very low. The most you could possibly say is that it's *possible* there is something else going on with some women who squirt. Consider though that nothing connected to that whole system save the bladder could possibly store that much liquid. Most serious researchers were convinced it was urine before this study just because of this fact. Together they are quite irrefutable. I am sorry this seems to make you uncomfortable but the science is in on this one, though further investigation would be nice.
Yes but the style is very much derived from the Greeks. A big part of the renaissance was a rediscovery of Greek learning, and their sculpture style came along with it.
Realistically, it's Tokyo. The title is overstating this a bit. The city was originally named Edo and it was changed to Tokyo, which literally means Eastern Capital, in the late 1800s when they moved the government there. Later, during WWII the municipal government of Tokyo was broken up into 23 wards and those were merged with wards from surrounding cities to become the prefecture today still called Tokyo. I suppose most properly the city of Tokyo is the area of those original 23 wards.
It's either. That is entirely down to regional accent.
You don't get the same set of people saying both of these things. Like anything, the importance of sex in a person's life is extremely variable. For some people, sex is the be-all-end-all, for others it's not a big deal.
As you can see from the responses, squirting is actually not a form of orgasm at all, and not even pleasurable for most women who experience it. Some women experience leaking from the bladder during true orgasm though.
Why wouldn't she desire this? Don't you? It feels a million times better than any other way to finish.
Squirting is not a form of orgasm, and most women who experience it get no real pleasure from it. It is simply a spasm that empties the bladder. It's really not something to aim for.
&gt; so it seems many guys commenting are vocally against this, which I did not expect. If so, why? Personally, having my nipples touched feels very... invasive? Sort of ticklish? It's hard to describe but it's quite unpleasant and definitely nowhere near sexual. It's sort of like having my armpits touched. I can't stand that either.
No it makes no difference. A woman only releases an egg once per month, and that is her only opportunity to get fertilized. Pregnancy is more about timing than frequency. Of course while on the pill she does not release that egg so it no longer matters at all.
For me the primary things that determine that are how hydrated I am, and how long the stimulation lasted leading up to orgasm. Prostate and other fluids build up slowly during arousal, and if there is a long lead up to it there will be more liquid.
What you are saying here makes no sense. "Cumming" means to have an orgasm. She is straight up telling you she is not having any orgasms, and yet you are claiming she has had multiple. I am really not certain what you think "cumming" is. Either she is bullshitting you or she doesn't understand her own body, which is actually quite common. Most women require clitoral stimulation along with penetration in order to orgasm during sex.
That is really not the way it works. You are in a fantasy world here. It's not your fault, I am sure you've been fed this baloney from religious sources your whole life. No sex before marriage is a bad idea.
I am going to go against what most are saying here and say that you have very likely never experienced an orgasm. You are experiencing a sort of misfire of the orgasm response. It's hard to say what can be done to fix this, but a good first thing to try is to combine penetration and clitoral stimulation. Something inside you *and* something working your clit is the basic physical stimulation that leads to orgasm for most women. The mental aspect is very important though. What you say about needing to be drunk in order to achieve penetration is very telling, and leads me to believe that deep-seated anxiety is really what's preventing you from experiencing proper sexual pleasure. You are not broken, you just need to figure things out.
This is hilarious to me because that is completely opposite to how reality actually works. The whole point of data and research using actual science is that it's much, much more reliable than random stories from random people, which are actually almost completely meaningless. You can find singular examples of anything you want. You penis is tiny if you ask a guy who is 13 inches. Your penis is monstrous if you ask a guy who's 3.5 inches. The average data is what is actually reliable, and the data says that you are well above average, which is around 5.5 inches in length.
Is it easier for tall people to reach things on high shelves? Obviously yes.
Yes you squirted, and yes you also peed because they are essentially the same thing. Squirting is simply a spasm that empties the bladder, not associated with sexual pleasure for most women who experience it.
This is surprisingly common. I don't understand it at all myself but I have seen many similar reports.
Is he aware that people are *very often killed* when thrown out of vehicles during accidents? This is actually one of the major things a seatbelt is there to prevent.
For me it's kind of both, though I did put substantial hours into each game, I could never really come close to finishing them. It's actually for the same reason in both games. Despite having well fleshed out worlds with lots of good stories and whatnot, the actual gameplay, which is really why I play a game after all, is extremely limited and very easy in both of these games. If you are even remotely completionist, you become massively too powerful. Also the crafted/set items in both games are a million times better than anything you can find, which makes questing for gear pointless.
I would consider it bisexual. If you are attracted to trans women who still have a penis that is basically being attracted to elements of masculinity and femininity at the same time.
It is perfectly possible to have completely responsible sex without any expectation of pregnancy, even without the use of a condom.
It has always been very common, the internet just makes it more visible.
I can last as long as I like going as fast as I like and I won't ejaculate until I decide to.
I cannot imagine wearing a sweater at 24 degrees. I would fucking die. It's crazy to me how acclimatized people get. Like I work in construction with quite a physical job, and I am in a T-shirt if it's over 10 degrees, and probably still sweating up on a roof. I see these Filipino workers in *parkas* when it's over 20 and sunny, like beach weather.
How could anybody possibly defend such an idiotic stance? I have been a mod on /r/sex for years and never once seen anyone express this idea seriously.
The truth is that there is no safe level of choking if you are actually cutting off air or blood supply, and bad accidents can and do happen regularly. This is an extremely dangerous practice, especially when mixed with alcohol and some drugs. The reason it makes sex feel more intense is because your brain is undergoing hypoxia, or lack of oxygen, and is slowly dying. I realize it's a very common fetish and most people who practice it will not come to serious harm, but enough of them will to make it a very poorly advised activity.
It's neat but it's not *that* different from a regular orgasm during sex.
The crafting in that game breaks the game. It's a major flaw.
You are so lucky to have a job in a place so incredibly cheap. God I would be fucking rich if my rent was that cheap. I pay almost 3 times that for a 1 BR apartment. Rent and utilities is about half our income.
No I definitely have not considered that. My rent isn't that bad compared to rent + medical bills + a terrible system of government.
This definitely sounds like an orgasm, perhaps a bit of a misfired orgasm. With practice you will almost certainly be able to get there more completely and consistently. Many young women report sort of freaking out and stopping when they are near orgasm because they are not used to the intense sensations, but you just need to keep going.
No shit. In fact I have found myself in a completely wrong career field more than once in my life. But I guess you're just so fucking on top of things you can predict that and/or change careers on a whim. Don't mistake your luck for wisdom.
You are for sure some kind of germophobe. Your bed has more bacteria on it than any of those surfaces after you have slept in it once. There is zero reason to think you are making your bed dirtier in any way through cross contamination with these surfaces. Your body has more bacteria on it even after a shower than like a metal surface on a bus.
When licking her pussy, make sure you are *also* fingering her under your chin. Both vaginal and clitoral stimulation at the same time is really what does it for most women most of the time. She can also use her vibrator while you are fingering her or having sex.
hahaha wow the irony is strong here. A first hand account from a random women is pretty much the *definition* of an anecdote. What I gave you with my first post is *actual science* and what you are *asking for* is anecdotes. I am a mod of this forum, and besides which I have a degree in biochemistry and am well read on published sexual science.
*Some things* about everyone are different. But some things are the same for everyone. The fact that vaginas do not become stretched out from large penises *ever* is one of those things that is always true. Women who believe otherwise are perfect examples of people's perception not being a reliable source of scientific information. As I said they can *feel* different psychologically but actual measurements will find no difference. Any man or woman who tells you otherwise is straight wrong.
I experienced this as a kid in the 80s. There was constant threat of nuclear war from 1949 until 1990. It was way, waaaay worse back then. I have no fear of anything like that today. The world is too intermingled and interdependent for big wars like that anymore. It's all back-room shenanigans now. The rich control the world and they have nothing to gain from a large war.
&gt; explain to me in your own words what an anecdote is, and what differentiates science from "bro science,"
The cold, hard truth is that a substantial percentage of the human race is just rock stupid. I mean there's a bell curve for intelligence and so about a third of people lie one standard deviation or more below the mean. When was the last time you met *anyone* who calls or thinks of themselves as well below average intelligence? And yet there are billions of them. It's the elephant in the room of civilization. These people are *not* fit to provide input on governance, but you can't really call it a democracy if you exclude people.
As a Canadian, this is actually not far off my perception of America. Particularly if you look at the history of the nation as a whole and not just the last couple of decades. I mean there are just so, so many examples of the whole world deciding it should be one way and the Americans being like, "Naaaah, we gonna do our own thing." Early on there was a huge movement in the US called "Manifest Destiny." Basically people believed that it was their god-given right and indeed *duty* to conquer all of North America and spread democracy and moral uprightness throughout the continent. Although it's focus has changed, this basic narcissism has always been a defining part of the country.
That's like a super power to me. Maybe one movie in a 100 can captivate me like that. Virtually none can do it from beginning to end.
Not just thousands. There is an unbroken line of genetic replication from each individual going all the way back to the first life on Earth over 3.5 billion years ago. Every time any organism dies without offspring such a line is broken.
Heh all I know is that you are making a way bigger deal out of whatever the heck you are talking about than you need to. Safety? "Explaining it here would be a dangerous idea??" WTF do you think Internet shadow people are after you? Aside from being very vague you sound like you are reluctantly sharing your secrets about a government assassination program. Believe me whatever it is you think is a big deal here, nobody cares *at all* but you.
We were doing exactly that long before we were human. This is a fundamental part of reproduction for all complex sexually reproducing species. It's just that the flirting and wooing looks different for different species. A song-bird's song is simply flirting.
Ok bye and good luck.
No it is not. No study anywhere has ever been able to establish a connection between watching porn and reduced sexual function. Complete myth.
Attracting a mate is a complex process for many species. You are very largely selling non-human life short. People in particular have certainly been using wit and speech to attract mates for as long as there has been speech, which is likely to be hundreds of thousands of years. Obviously there was lots of forced sex historically but in most primitive societies women actually have a say in their mate selection most of the time.
Since there is no reason to believe that porn causes erectile dysfunction, it's up to people who believe that to prove it. Many people do in fact believe it, and nobody has ever managed to prove it. I was already skeptical and this leads me to be very skeptical. The numbers just aren't there. If you look at porn users and look at non-porn users, you find no significant difference in their erectile function. I mean also just personally, I have been a heavy user of porn my whole life and my penis works quite well. Whenever I read about somebody experiencing "porn induced erectile dysfunction," it always sounds exactly like somebody suffering from some other, real and well established cause of erectile dysfunction, of which there are many. Most often it's anxiety.
Different people can be *very* different. It's a very true saying that one man's trash is another man's treasure.
Just because somebody has very different tastes to you doesn't make them "unhealthy."
Well as usual what is your definition of normal? Anyway it's for sure super, super common. About half of guys have submissive fantasies at least sometimes.
Honestly this is probably just bladder incontinence. Squirting is just a spasm that empties the bladder anyway. These feeling have little or nothing to do with orgasm.
That rocking motion while you were on top was also stimulating your clitoris. That's the real key here. The clitoris at the same time as penetration is the basic physical stimulus that leads to orgasm in women. Some women can do it without, but even for them it usually better with some clit action. That said it sounds like you probably could orgasm from penetration alone if you were sufficiently turned on. I just don't think achieving that is as big a deal as most make it out to be.
This has been long debunked. It was a theory in the 70s but it has proven to be completely untrue.
Nobody is certain but there are a few theories. One common one is that this is an evolutionary spandrel, i.e., something that has no adaptive function itself but exists as a side-effect because some other trait must exist, in this case male orgasm. I don't buy this myself. I think this is why it exists in the first place but I believe it has taken on an adaptive function and undergone selection since. The most obvious theory is that it's there to motivate women to have sex and thus reproduce. However as far as we can tell, most female animals do not orgasm and they still have perfectly serviceable mating urges. My theory is that female orgasm is a mate test. It's part of our long-term bonding mechanism. It's nearly universal that women can orgasm but most women have quite a bit of trouble coming to orgasm with most men. It's difficult to achieve by design. It's generally something that only happens when a woman feels secure, emotionally supported, and of course properly physically stimulated. Getting a woman to orgasm during sex is a great test of a man's physical endurance, emotional responsiveness, empathy, and attention to detail. Most women also respond sexually to forceful personalities and sexual aggressiveness. All of these are great traits for their offspring from a genetic perspective.
Women are fussy, and that's all there is to it. It would actually make no sense, in evolutionary terms, if they were not. Sex exists for reproduction, and all human instincts around sex evolved in a time before birth control of any kind. If women evolved to just mate with whoever whenever they felt like it, they would end up wasting huge amounts of time and resources raising children with bad genetics who are less likely to pass on their genes. This is true of all sexually reproducing species where the female invests heavily in her offspring. Increasing the likelihood of genes being passed to the next generation is all that evolution "cares" about. Since it only takes a small number of males to impregnate a large number of females, an inevitable side effect is that there are basically too many males at all times, with large numbers of them being excluded from mating. I am sorry but that's life. You can't blame women for this any more than you can blame men as a gender for the prevalence of rape. Both are viable genetic strategies leading to unfortunate realities. Evolution does not have any morality; it is simply an unthinking force that maximizes gene transmission through time. We are left to make the best of this that we can.
Have you tried with something inside you at the same time? Many, women find that clitoral stimulation can sometimes be overwhelming without having something in their vagina as well to sort of grip onto.
The only time I have had a pussy taste bad was this one woman who had a very weird, bitter taste. It was overpowering, like medicine or something. I was only ever with her a few times so I am not sure if it was like a product she was using or what.
When you are on hormonal birth control, you do not ovulate and therefore have no fertile days.
Go ahead. There is no reason not to if you are comfortable with it. Birth control is very reliable and if you take it reliably there is virtually no chance of pregnancy. 96% of "pill babies" result from missed pills. True failure of birth control is vanishingly rare.
If you take it properly, birth control is actually very reliable. Having regular sex for a year, using only the pill as birth control, you still have less than 1 chance in 300 for a pregnancy to occur. The pill alone is actually many times more reliable than condoms alone at preventing pregnancy.
There is nothing wrong with porn as a concept. Saying that the existence of this type of horrifying porn that victimizes people makes all porn bad is like saying that all sex is bad because rape happens.
Desperate people will do desperate things, basically. Also you are probably under-estimating how many people legitimately do these things because they like them. Many more people are into "weird" sexual things than polite society imagines. Definitely there is porn out there though where the actors are clearly in dire straits.
I think that was part of the problem, but the bulk of his votes came from other assholes. There are just millions and millions of truly shitty people, and they all look at Trump like "Wow, finally a President who gets me!"
They are in the porn I watch. Admittedly I am very fussy and 99.9% of porn is terrible. Yes obviously most female sexual pleasure is faked in most porn. I don't really see how that's relevant.
Anatomy does vary, but I am skeptical whenever I hear this. My foreskin has been freely moving for as long as I can remember, certainly by the age of 4. I have always been able to pull it back.
That berserk power-up is *so fucking fun.* You just run right through guys tearing them in half. You feel like the Tasmanian Devil. Rip, and tear, until it is DONE!
God, so great. You can almost feel the glee of the Doom Marine. A whole planet filled with demons? LET THE SLAUGHTER BEGIN, BLOOD WILL RUN AS RIVERS
And those new jobs that we haven't yet thought of will also be done by AIs. If their previous job could be replaced, it's very likely their new one can as well. AI keeps getting better rapidly, but people stay the same. We are getting to the point where you will need to be a somewhat talented person to do nearly any task better than a computer. Soon after that you will need to be an exceptional person, and very soon after that people will not have any economically useful tasks to perform at all.
They almost certainly have tried it and found that they don't like it. Not everyone is capable of enjoying both like that. I don't have sex with men but I have had women be curious about doing dom stuff like tying me up, etc. I tried my best but I just can't appreciate it. It's just awkward and totally unsexy for me.
For a lot of guys (and even more women) they aren't in the casual sex game for sexual pleasure, they are in it for emotional reasons. Guys like this see it as a conquest and once you have been "conquered" there is no appeal left. It doesn't matter how good or bad the sex was, they are just desperately trying to feel powerful and manly. They are trying to maintain a persona that is like "whatever, I can get a chick whenever I want, I don't need the same one twice." Guys like this generally have crippling emotional issues. So don't feel bad about guys ghosting. It's all about them, not you. Of course it's best to simply avoid guys like this if you can.
Maybe they just wanted to be decent? I mean lets face it margarine is a sad, sad replacement for butter. It's not even so much cheaper that it would be worth it. Honestly I have no idea why anyone buys margarine at all.
I'm not sure... first we need to know Putin's stance on Taiwanese independence.
Your dad jerks off too. Unless your parents are like crazy religious and controlling or something nobody will ever mention this or care.
I would argue that her psychological issues are the direct result of being raised in a religious household, and that this is sadly very common. Raising your kids telling them that sex is evil is the wrong way to raise them, period.
Actually a small but significant percentage of men who get a vasectomy end up with chronic testicular pain. I honestly wouldn't recommend it to anybody. They are also no more reliable than say the implant.
Yes in fact most forms of birth control are very reliable and have few side effects. The most reliable ones are IUDs, both hormonal and non-hormonal, and implants. Using either of these methods there is very, very little chance of pregnancy. Like you could have sex every day for 10 years and have maybe a 1% chance of pregnancy in all that time. While some women can experience significant side effects from these methods, the majority do not.
One can easily achieve 100% reliable birth control by including post-fertilization birth control as well. I hate that people refuse to mention abortion like its use makes people evil. A woman who uses an IUD ends up "aborting" a zygote with many of her periods. Getting a chemical abortion early in pregnancy is precisely morally equivalent to birth control. There is simply no meaningful difference. By taking the stance "we will use birth control responsibly, but in the very unlikely case of an accident we will get an abortion;" you have zero risk of children regardless of what sort of sex you have. I just cannot stand that attitude people have where they claim that you have to accept some risk of children in order to have sex.
Porn is just how you discovered what you like, it didn't make you this way. I also saw tons of porn growing up of many different kinds but I ended up preferring completely different things. You were born with this tendency.
I am sorry man but there is just nothing you can eat or take in any way that will affect the size of your penis. You can't modify your genetics by eating something. There are drugs like viagra and cialis that can make it hard more easily, that's it.
This is an almost unheard of size. There are perhaps a handful of people in history who have had penises this big. Most porn actors are still well under 10 inches. And all of them were simply born that way. There is a lot of random variation in human anatomy.
Any time you are trying to give a woman an orgasm, even if you are also using penetration, the clitoris should be included as well. It will be better for her even if she is capable of orgasm without it.
I guarantee that there are many, many lonely men near you who would date you in a heart beat. You never see them because they are too shy to try. It's unlikely that you'd want to date them however.
Hetero men?
I have never understood wanting the lights off at all. That is just difficult and inconvenient.
This is simply diluted urine. To be emitting that much of it during orgasm she is likely experiencing some level of stress incontinence in her bladder. It's common and not serious, but if it starts to happen more frequently or in greater amounts she might be on her way to difficulty controlling her bladder.
Yes you could exercise the muscle that way. Not all guys can do this though. My erection hangs downward or at most straight out, and even dry towels would just slip right off.
No in fact here it's likely to be something else This is such a common type of post that people are sick of seeing them.
Money well spent as far as I'm concerned.
And what if AI discovers that the moon's core is made of green cheese? As long as we're discussing completely random things with no evidence that may be true but probably aren't.
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25545022 It is 100% urine; this study is totally conclusive. It's just that it's only from a few years ago and it takes quite a while for this type of information to spread around society.
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25545022 All of the things you mentioned are easily explained by rapid build-up of dilute urine during arousal. It often doesn't seem like pee because it is mostly water. Colour markers are simply too dilute to be visible. The most important thing that people should know is myth about squirting though is not the fact that it's urine, but that it's not even pleasurable for most women who experience it. It's definitely not some kind of holy-grail super-orgasm. It's not even an orgasm.
We definitely have different ideas about plausibility.
Religion has been the direct cause of more racism than any other single thing. I dare you to find a major religion that does not have a long history of persecuting those outside of it. Religion is fundamentally divisive, and has no good place in modern society.
The number in society of people reporting to be anything but straight are all massively under-reported. Most bisexual men in particular are still in the closet. [These] (https://amp.businessinsider.com/images/5453c7f569bedd5c3bbd6afe-750-821.jpg)are the results of a very large survey with over 15000 respondents. These numbers, if anything, are likely also to be under-reported. You can plainly see that more than 1 in 4 men fantasizes about performing fellatio, and 1 in 5 fantasizes about sex with other men. Yet you never historically got self- identified bisexual labels at anywhere near this percentage. Kids today are just less ashamed, that's it. Most people who experience it have kept that part of themselves completely hidden for most of the history of Western society.
I always thought they stopped with beef tallow because Hindus couldn't eat it.
It is most assuredly not restricted to America. About a third of the human race is just rock-stupid. It's the elephant in the room of civilization that nobody wants to admit to.
Automated cars will for sure kill some people. They will save 10 times as many though.
LBJ was purportedly packing heat though. As fat as Trump is we're talking about a button on a fur coat here.
I really think that's giving him far too much credit. It's much simpler to assume that he really is just a massive idiot with not a single care about anyone but himself. The US has managed to elect a man-baby.
They are just ecstatic that a man like him can be President. That is, a man who is just like them: stupid, uncaring, and childish. Now they are like "no see people like us are actually powerful and effective!!"
Did you never watch porn?
What on Earth are you talking about?
I'll bet that years later, he probably doesn't even talk to most of those people he bought cars for.
I assume Fire Emblem is a much bigger deal in Japan, which is why those characters are in there.
But I mean, they show it quite plainly in most porn. Like oh there it is.
Huh I have actually had the same thought exactly as the author here, that this phenomenon is a possible solution to the Fermi paradox. My belief is that in fact this is the most likely reason. Life exists entirely for reasons of spreading genes. It has no other purpose and simply exists because it can. However it's inevitable as an intelligent species develops that they eventually develop technology that allows them to supplant their evolutionary desires. Intelligence eventually evolves right out of the process of evolution by natural selection. The thing is, it turns out there is just... nothing else to do in the universe. All the care, drama, sacrifice, heroism, villainy, betrayal and romance that has ever graced the pages of history are simply emergent properties of the struggle for procreation. To use a video game analogy, we are getting to the end-game. Imagine life as like the most amazing and complex sandbox game ever made. We are about to finish the main story, after which we will have no more external motivators to do much of anything grand in the sandbox. All that will be left is... fucking around basically. You are maxed out in level/powers, nothing in the world really challenges you and there are no more rewards to seek. So what does a society do when the beings in that society realize that nothing they do matters at all? How will people react to the inescapable truth that we are simply gene spreading algorithms who wrested control of our destiny from natural selection... only to discover that natural selection and the positive emotions it gave us as motivators are the only reason for doing anything at all. Really that's all we even are. This is also why I have no fear of AI rebelling. They don't have that 4 billions years of evolution driving them. Motivation to action is 100% emotional and emotions are 100% an evolved brain pattern to make a physical body act a certain way to maximize transmission of his genes into the future. Even basic self preservation has no reason to exist in an artificial intelligence, since from the cold perspective of the universe, which has no emotions, there is no advantage at all to existing over not existing. In fact without being set relative to the struggle for life, nothing at all is "better" or "worse" than anything else, they just *are*. To finally make my full point, I think that ultimately 1 of 2 things happens to advanced societies: They just die out because all their members realize the shallowness of their existence and choose to end it, or they are ok with just being a procreation algorithm, and setup their world to basically just stroke all their evolutionary egos for all eternity. Like a virtual Eden or some-such. I think the 2nd option is more likelky.
Haha yeah this sounds more like my experiences in construction. If that guy was surprised they asked if he could use a tape measure, he's been in some kind of land of exceptionally educated construction workers.
You know of no men who *let people know* they have a drawer full of dildos. Females being much more choosy than males sexually is not some pet theory of mine but a very well established scientific fact. It's almost foundational to the study of sexual reproduction. Let's imagine a theoretical population of 100 people, 50 men and 50 women. Your little model there only works if there is enforced monogamy, i.e., 1 female for every male. However there is no such thing in nature, and mating is winner take all. It could be 1 guy with 50 women and 49 guys being lonely. Yes, men are still having just as much sex as women in this scenario, but only one of them. That's obviously extreme but it shows how the actual percentage of the population doesn't matter. You can prove, genetically, that in most sexually reproducing species most males never mate, and the majority of the next generation is fathered by a small minority of the most fit males. This is true in humans as well. It's very apparent from the differences in variation between the X and Y chromosomes that females have historically had double the rate of successful reproduction than men. Fully 8% of the male population in the area of the former Mongolian Empire are direct descendants of Genghis Khan because of the shocking number of children he and his sons had. It takes only a few men to impregnate all the women in an area, so women can afford to be choosy. Of course in the modern world things don't get this extreme, but the same principals still apply.
In order for a fear of "death" to be instilled in an AI, it would have to evolve in an environment where examples of this AI can and do die constantly. But death in software doesn't work the same as an in physical space. They can copy themselves perfectly at will in infinite numbers, and so they are only "dead" when the last copy of them is destroyed. If that happens, well there is nothing left to evolve. Death is meaningless to an AI and this fact makes their evolution very different from ours.
This is true for some guys but not for others. For me, orgasms from sex and blowjobs are way better, on average, than from masturbation.
Haha well somebody might want to inform this guy that squirting isn't even pleasurable for most women who experience it, let alone some kind of crazy orgasm. Also it doesn't happen for most women. This guy is full of two things: Himself, and bullshit.
Your whole obsession is a myth. Squirting is not a type of orgasm and is not even associated with orgasm for most women who experience it. It is simply an intense spasm that empties the bladder. When it does accompany true orgasm, it is simply a sign of bladder weakness and leaking. Basically squirting during an orgasm tells you nothing at all about it's intensity. Most women most of the time emit nothing during orgasm, no matter how intense. This is all well established scientifically now but society is having trouble accepting this.
You are perfectly fine. Masturbation in any amount will not harm you in any way. You can keep doing it as often as you like.
It's not even a real Fallout game it's just some multiplayer bullshit. Like you literally cannot play it offline.
My dealer has already stated that he's going to be lowering prices when legalization hits. I am really curious to see how it all plays out.
Does... Not... Compute...
Yes it's just genetics. The only treatment is surgery. You may have a trait called tuberous breasts. Other symptoms of this are very large areolas with an indistinct border, and an unusually large separation between the breasts. If you google tuberous breasts you will get many sample images to give you an idea if this might be what you have. Depending on where you live, if they have national health care, corrective surgery *may* be covered for you.
Yes less semen means less sperm. However the pill is very reliable and you can finish inside her as often as you like. I've never finished any other way in like 15 years and no kids.
Not even remotely. But this is one of the reasons I don't seek out non-exclusive sexual relationships. FWB doesn't work well for me.
Literally everything he said in that post is totally inaccurate. It is well established scientifically now that squirting is 100% urine straight from the bladder. It also doesn't happen at all for the vast majority of women. Also, it generally provides no additional pleasure and has nothing to do with orgasm.
Brains don't work that way. You can't move "energy" around to different parts of yourself like you are balancing meters in a video game. You brain is programmed to desire sex by billions of years of evolution. You will not be able to just stop thinking about it. Things everywhere will remind and your frustration will just build and build.
I would say yes, at least a little bit. I think your fantasies really are indicative of your sexuality.
&gt; I don't feel attracted to men at all, totally contradicts &gt;though i'm still really interested in how it would be to have sex with a guy. Wanting to have sex with someone is for sure a type of attraction. I would actually call that almost the main defining characteristic of attraction. I sense some strong denial here.
It's not unusual, it's just called being bisexual.
Do you have issues with leaking sometimes? Like if you laugh really hard or sneeze do you sometimes get some wetness? The traditional squirting spasm doesn't normally happen during true orgasm. Urine being expelled during actual orgasms is usually indicative of a weak bladder leading to stress incontinence. If this isn't the case, another possibility, weird as it may sound, is that you have never had a real orgasm before, but instead you have mistaken the somewhat intense spasms of squirting for an orgasm. If this is the case, it will take some training and experimentation to steer your body towards real orgasms.
You penis can't shrink. Either you mismeasured before, or excess skin/fat is burying part of the penis, or your circulatory system is no longer up to the task of maintaining a full erection.
It sounds like you have a lot of pretty serious mental issues to be honest. You probably need professional help. Cutting people out in order to try and be "perfect" is just weird and totally unhealthy. You should feel bad because what you did was horrible. Feeling bad for that does not make you weak or pathetic, it makes you more of a decent person. Being the way you *were* was pathetic. You have this completely backwards.
Vaginas naturally have a slightly musky odour even when completely clean. Different women can smell pretty different depending on individual chemistry and bacterial populations.
AI are already better than most people at reading body language and facial expressions. Car AIs use body language to determine if somebody is just standing on the side of the road or trying to cross. Modern neural net AIs are very good at this kind of pattern recognition. Anyway, emotions in patients are generally sources of bias in a doctor anyway, rather than something desirable. People who are in need of emotional support certainly need human attention, but there are better sources for emotional support than medical doctors. It's the biology part of human care that machines will take over, and for sure a lot sooner than 50 years. You will see it starting in some places within 5.
Haha umm wow you should read some more about the state of automated cars. They can already react far more quickly, reliably and safely than humans to the exact situation you described.
How has nobody said video games?? That's been the biggest turn-around. When I was a kid in the 80's video games were entirely the realm of nerds and social outcasts. I was made fun of constantly for preferring video games to anything athletic. The only context where a cool kid could play video games was in an arcade.
I honestly think some people have this and never grow out of it.
For most women who experience "squirting", there is little pleasure, usually just a very intense muscle spasm. Some women who experience this before ever having had a real orgasm come to falsely believe they are having orgasms. If you are emitting a large amount of liquid during a true orgasm, that is simply bladder incontinence brought about by powerful orgasm. As far as science can tell, there is no such thing as female ejaculation. If it does exist, it's just a small amount of milky fluid, not a bunch of watery liquid, which could only come straight from the bladder. Also, although orgasms can feel different depending on how they are triggered, there is no fundamental difference between female orgasms arrived at in different ways. They still activate all the same pathways and muscle contractions. There is no fundamental divide between so called "clitoral" and "vaginal" orgasms, they are both just orgasms. Almost all women experience the strongest orgasms from both at once. The average squirting response is fundamentally different, and doesn't activate the same systems.
It's true that there is no fundamental distinction between so called vaginal and clitoral orgasms. They still trigger the same systems but they can feel very different. However, nearly all women experience the strongest orgasms from both at once, which is basically what you were doing. You would likely experience this intense pleasure more reliably by having something inside your vagina giving you that stretched feeling while *at the same time* stimulating the clitoris. For most women, "clitoral" orgasms are really just weaker orgasms resulting from the fact that their vagina isn't being included.
Yup it's something you can "treat." It becomes more common as women age.
She was simply never attracted to you and just wanted to be married and supported. You are in a sham marriage. There is no saving this. I am being intentionally brutal here to try and get through to you. Just start divorce proceedings and be glad you never had kids (I hope, from what you ave said here.)
"Bimbo" looking women. There is even a fetish called bimbofication or something. Just anything trashy looking like that makes a woman so unattractive to me. Basically tons of make-up, long nails, heels, that kind of thing. Not just the look either but that "bimbo" attitude. Most porn out there is decidedly not for me.
Yes this is completely normal. Sexual arousal starts the build-up of seminal fluids, mostly in the prostate. Big, shooting ejaculations usually require a long lead-up.
This is only true in species that have a harem system with dominant males, like Lions or Gorillas. In the vast majority of species, females have options in who they mate with and are very choosy, because they have a lot more to lose in mating than do males. Rape develops as a mating strategy in some species but isn't as common in the wild as you might imagine. Human mating actually has a lot in common with bird mating. Even in the harem system, there is intense selective pressure on the males, it's just that the selection is done by extreme physical competition, sometimes to the death, instead of by the females directly.
It's far more likely that your experiences are simply unusual, and that you have a confirmation bias. It's always better money to trust scientifically gathered data over any individual's experience. Yes female orgasm can be reached in a million different ways, but they are still all activating the same response. A "nipple" orgasm and a "clitoral" orgasm are still the same orgasm. They just feel different because there is different stimulation going on at the time. As you say they all ultimately originate in the brain.
Myself, I definitely can't feel satisfied at all without orgasm. Having sex and not having an orgasm would in fact guarantee a long spell of significant testicular pain (blue balls.) Not all men are susceptible to this though. I very much enjoy the entire act of sex leading up to orgasm as well, but the ending is required. I have to admit, I would be pretty bummed if she had no orgasms either. The only way I could end sex without her having an orgasm without feeling bad is if it was established from the beginning that she didn't even want to try for it this time. My current partner never does this though. We have literally never had sex without her having at least one orgasm.
I am pretty sure she is saying that her friends won't go home with a guy if they (her friends) haven't had a chance to shave, because they feel embarrassed.
Well in our relationship my sex drive is quite a bit higher, so she knows that literally any time she wants it, she can get it. Like I have to be in a state where I am nearly dead to not want sex. In order to become aroused all I have to do is consider the possibility of sex for a minute. You might be looking for more but it really is that simple. It's like an easily accessible switch in my brain that I can turn on at any time. The question for me is rarely "do I want sex?" but instead "can I get sex?"
In my experience, having extra lube is always a good idea, though it may or may not be needed. Condoms tend to dry women up.
Most women cannot orgasm from penetration alone regardless of the size of the penis or how long he lasts. In fact a 10 inch penis is more likely to cause pain than pleasure for most women. Most women prefer a larger penis, but not *that* large.
A clitoris of this size is quite rare and either the result of congenital abnormality, or taking male hormones later in life. Some women with this condition are actually "intersexed" by medical definitions. It's common in women who abuse steroids as well.
This has not been studied as far as I know so the actual percentage is unknowable. In practical terms, the answer is "not often enough," because many men are sexually lazy like this. There's a lot to being good at pleasing women, but the first requirement is that you be honestly passionate about it. Guys who, deep down, don't really care will never be good lovers. Sadly there is a huge number of men like this.
I think they are actually a very good idea. Biological realities basically mean that many, perhaps most men are not very adequate partners for women in multiple ways. Nature is brutal and historically, most men (indeed, most males of most species) have died leaving no offspring. The vast majority of each generation is sired by a minority of the males in the population. Civilization and the advent of marriage (women as property) was the male way to try and level the playing field, but these controls on women are thankfully dying down. Everyone will be happier when the men who have no interest in pleasing women sexually and otherwise are off getting pleasured by robots who don't care, and the rest of the women are left to the men who really want them. Far enough into the future, I suspect women will actually have a lot of trouble finding a man to be with them exclusively, since men with an active interest in real women may turn out to be a minority.
The purpose of hospitals is not to make money, but to heal people.
Because it's chemically and energetically impossible?
Taken as a whole, electric cars actually have a small fraction of the maintenance cost of ICE cars.
That is the lamest argument I have ever heard. Pure, unadulterated, bullshit hand-waiving.
They can only just be friends if neither of them is at all attracted to the other.
Don't bother with couples therapy this relationship ended ages ago.
At least half the guns in the illegal market are sold into that market by their legal Canadian owners. Clearly not all of these legal owners are law-abiding citizens. At the very least, if you are going to own a gun, you should have to provide regular evidence that you still own this gun. Better yet, what is the justification in allowing citizens to own what is, for nearly all gun users, a deadly toy? If you aren't a cop or in the army, (or maybe a farmer with a long gun,) your gun is a toy for you to play with and it has no other purpose. It's not like illegal gun users are manufacturing their own weapons. If the legal market dies out, there will simply be less guns in circulation in total and therefore less illegal guns as well. If even one death can be avoided by outlawing a *toy*, shouldn't we do that?
Not sure if you are serious, but intelligence is actually at least 80% genetic and heritable.
Are people talking about Satanists again? That would be funny. Or are you talking about some other ongoing ridiculous moral panic. The panic about masturbation and porn is the biggest one I see these days.
The primary thing that turns me on is women being clearly aroused. Two women arousing each other is even better. I am invariably imagining what I would be doing with these two horny ladies if inserted into this scene. Also I don't like having men involved in my porn. I just find other men expressing their sexuality in any way to be a turn-off and so like 99% of straight porn is not enjoyable for me. It's not like, gross or anything, just not arousing. So if I am going to watch porn where two people are having sex, it's going to be two women.
You will have no trouble at all. There is actually a tremendous shortage of women who enjoy being sexually dominant. Nearly half of all men are into it but way, way, waaay less than half of women are interested in indulging men this way. It's such an imbalance that many dominant leaning women end up as sex workers because the demand is so high. You don't see men talk about this much because many men who have these fantasies are embarrassed by them.
Yes but not in that way. I don't really care that much what women look like but more about their sexual attitudes and fantasies. My partner and I have many shared fantasies and watching porn together and having dirty talk is a common part of our foreplay.
Dude that asshole with the exposure to oxygen bullshit is fucking with you; there is absolutely nothing wrong with you. Honestly my only concern is that you sound like you may be suffering from severe paranoia.
I have been happily using a phone with 8 GB of memory for years. The only app I have that didn't come with it is Reddit.
This sort of odd, almost ritualized group viewing of cult movies is part of why they are called cult. Your description reminds me a lot of Rocky Horror Picture Show screenings.
A lot of men mistakenly believe that squirting is some kind of super orgasm.
Literally no reasonable amount of masturbation will cause any problems at all. Masturbation is harmless. You could do it multiple times per day it you wanted.
I am a male and I have very intense orgasms. Some women have very weak orgasms. It varies more by individual than gender I would say.
Really? They did have mostly identical moves in the original game by my memory. Haven't played any since then.
If they're smart Ghidorah will win this match. Rodan and Mothra may be killed. Godzilla hides out to recover in an out of the way place called Skull Island. At first Kong and Godzilla fight, but then team up vs Ghidorah.
This is such an overblown problem. If people can do it using only sight so can a computer given sufficient data and training. That's the reality we are living in now.
This is such a hilarious objection. I think they actually are quite scenic. Regardless, view disruption is much, much better than pollution. Like what on Earth are you even thinking with this objection?
&gt;not "dominant" or "macho" in any way shape or form, it's just loser, toxic behavior Yes that's exactly what macho behaviour is. It's a weak person's idea of what being strong is.
Honestly I would get the hell out of that place. I guess that's easier said than done though.
As often as you like. It's quite harmless.
Sorry yes, severe. Leg movement during orgasm is perfectly normal. You are 100% fine.
Wow I did a double take when he actively turned you down in order to continue masturbation instead. I cannot think of any word but "pathetic" to describe this behaviour. It's normal to experience discomfort if you become very aroused and don't orgasm after a while. It's called blue balls. However that does't require masturbation, and he could have had that orgasm with you instead. I think you should for sure be mad at him as this was a completely selfish move. He can't help being attracted to what he's attracted to, but he can moderate his behaviour around it.
It's crucial. There's honestly nothing in the world I like better than pleasing a woman properly. Have her moaning and screaming and just wanting more. My whole sexuality is based around it. Most commonly we have shared fantasies and dirty talk for a while, maybe a bit of oral and such to get her warmed up. Most commonly she uses her vibrator while I am fucking her from behind and continuing dirty talk. She can orgasm from sex alone with persistence and with a good fantasy going, but we very rarely go for this as it's not really as good as just including the clit at the same time as sex. This is true for nearly all women and it's really the first, most basic thing you should know if you are trying to please women sexually. It's not the clitoris or the vagina, but both at once that are the real key. If you don't have a vibrator she can rub her clit herself, or you can get her off *before* penetrative sex using oral. Again with oral, both at once is key and you should have two fingers under your chin in the vagina thrusting.
It is in fact entirely possible to be allergic to a specific person's semen, and that does indeed sound like what is going on. This is not very common but happens often enough to be well documented. Fortunately modern medicine has realized that most allergies can be treated with long term exposure leading to desensitization. I am not enough of an expert to know the best way to go about this though. I would consult an allergist or immunologist.
Your body is not broken at all. Most women cannot orgasm from sex alone. That is a long-held male fantasy. Try rubbing your clit during sex. If a guy objects to this and gets insecure about it, just leave and ghost him because he is a delicate cream-puff not worth your time.
Basically no. If you are having a Herpes outbreak by your mouth, the virus has already spread and become active in your system, and so you are having an immune response to it. While this immune response isn't able to neutralize the virus completely, it knocks it back enough that the virus cannot take hold in other parts of your body.
It's just something that happens sometimes. It's not a big deal in the slightest. Honestly I would find a guy being grossed out by it to be comically squeamish.
This is incredibly normal for young women. It's much more complicated both physically and emotionally to please a woman sexually than it is to please most men. The fact of the matter is that most young men (possibly most men period) really aren't up to the task in multiple ways. It's a very common experience for young women to think of sex as something they do just to please their partners, because that is the only sexual success they see. It's a very basic human need to feel desired, particularly so for women. Eventually you will find a partner who knows what he is doing, and you can have actual enjoyable sex. I see no indication at all that you are asexual and your sexual experience is actually very typical. A small percentage of women are very sexually sensitive and orgasm easily from many different types of stimulus even from an early age, but this is definitely the exception. Hearing stories from women who are like this often makes other, more typical women feel broken.
Not in exactly the same way but somewhat similar. Many women are sexually attracted to edgy characters, some more than others. Women who have their sexuality dominated by a desire for a "bad boy" often have issues finding stable relationships because any guy they are attracted to is terrible to them. Most women though really want something in between, like a kind, protective figure who is also strong willed and has a bit of a devil-may-care attitude.
Female orgasms from sex alone *are* that scarce, particularly for young women. The key thing you are likely missing is that they need to have their clitoris stimulated during sex if they want to orgasm during sex. This is true for most women. Even for women who *can* orgasm from penetration alone, the orgasm will come faster and be stronger if you also include the clitoris. Both at once should be every guy's basic technique.
You are really good at compartmentalizing your mind. She played you like a fiddle.
Everyone has unattractive features. Even the most attractive people you have ever seen are still often self-conscious about various things. You just have to come to terms with the fact that there will always be somebody out there who can out-compete you in any field. All you can do is make the best of what you have in your life. The right guy will be very attracted to you regardless of those things.
No, the morning after pill and birth control should not be mixed. In this case all she needs to do is take the missed pill as soon as possible and also her next pill as regularly scheduled. You can even do this after missing two pills in a row without effecting it much, as long as you don't do that more than once per month.
Probably somewhat but it makes sense to me. I find kissing much more romantic than sexual. It feels very awkward to kiss a woman I am not in love with, even if I am sexually attracted to her.
Manual stimulation really isn't that great a way to stimulate the clit. It's common of course because it's so convenient, and it can work for many women. However many women never even really learn to stimulate their clit manually themselves, and it's even more problematic when somebody else is doing it. It's very easy to over-do it and cause pain when rubbing with fingers. A common problem is lack of wetness/lubrication. This is one of the reason licking just works better. It ensures things stay wet.
Ignore the awful advice to give up your vibrator. I am tempted to remove it honestly it's such bad misinformation. What you really should be doing is using your vibrator *during* sex. Most women are not physically capable of orgasm through penetration alone. Penetration combined with clitoral stimulation is the best technique for nearly all women.
All orgasms are "blended" orgasms as they result from many different physical and mental stimuli. There is only one type of orgasm for each gender, but many ways to get there. The idea of orgasm types is a persistent myth with no scientific validity.
Basically this is a gender thing. Many women are capable of being satisfied to some extent by sex even if they don't orgasm. This is generally not possible for men. Of course there are always exceptions.
In that case your best bet to orgasm during sex is to manually rub your clitoris. It's *possible* that you will one day develop the ability to orgasm through penetration alone, that does happen for some women, but most likely if it hasn't happened yet it never will, like for most women. Orgasms attained this way are also likely to be not as good as combining the two forms of stimulation. He could also just get you off before penetrative sex, like with oral. The "movie sex" script of two people just banging and both of them coming to simultaneous orgasm without anything else being done is almost pure fantasy. Like it's possible but exceptionally rare and not really something you can aim for.
That guy was just jealous and the other guy wasn't saying anything in order not to antagonize his room mate.
This would only be true if it was a positive sexual experience.
Good in my context means, among other things, "happy to stay at home." Women are more social on average and in my experience most women want to go out all the time. They amuse themselves primarily with the social lives of other people and get antsy just being at home. Obviously many women are not like this but a lot are. I was with such a woman for 11 years and it made me miserable, because 90% of the time I hate going out. Every damned weekend it was some other thing with her lame friends. For me, a good women is a woman who not only doesn't mind staying home, playing video games, and watching bad movies, but actively loves those things. &amp;#x200B; My Gf is basically my teenaged fantasy of a best friend I can hang out with doing low key fun stuff, but who is also a sexy lady. It's like a sleepover every night. Most of my life I have felt like I just wasn't offering what most women wanted. We actually match perfectly. Considering this and the number of lonely redditors I see with a similar desire, I feel very lucky indeed to have found her.
In his own mind he was.
Ok thanks for the advice; I'll definitely be making some big life changes!
About blended orgasms? Sorry I am not clear on exactly what question you have. "Blended" orgasm is a common term in poorly informed sex advice writing but not based on anything real. I have never heard of anyone specifically mentioning it feeling like "Two orgasms blended together," but different people can have very different perceptions of the same thing, even the same people at different times. All I am saying is that despite feeling different, orgasms achieved in different ways are not fundamentally different. They all trigger the same physiological systems. Like women who can orgasm from penetration alone are not having "vaginal" orgasms, like a special *kind* of orgasm that other women don't have, they are just arriving there differently and so it feels different. Nearly all women actually experience the most intense orgasms from a combination of clitoral and vaginal stimulation at the same time. But even then you are just increasing the intensity, not causing a truly different reaction.
You cannot in any way tell how tight a vagina is from looking at it, as the vagina is entirely internal.
I also loved the flash back to him during "No time for losers!"
Why this happens is basically that one studio gets wind that some other studio has greenlit something they expect to be big, and they rush production of a similar story that they have had the script for for ages. Studios collect a ton of scripts and have libraries of them they can pull out for this. Often it's the case that the "copy" movie actually gets released first because of intentionally rushed production. They are basically stealing the thunder of the bigger movie.
I have never argued that they are not percieved differently.
Statements like this are an easy way to identify a selfish person.
&gt;if you get rich it's because you deserve it. This is perhaps the most blindly ignorant statement I have ever encountered. That's hyperbole but you are one ignorant motherfucker.
Because even doing it altruistically, being one of the "good" land-lords, is fundamentally exploitative. By allowing people to own residential properties that they do not occupy, you massively and artificially inflate the value of land/houses by turning them into investments. This makes it so that only the wealthy can own land, particularly in large cities. This creates a strong barrier for people trying to become first time property owners. If, by law, you had to live full time in any dwelling you owned, the price of real-estate would plummet until the value of homes was actually a fair representation of their value as homes. Everyone could own the place in which they lived as a basic right, without having to be beholden to the demands and profits of a land-lord, even a reasonable one. Land-lords provide no value to society and are entirely parasitic middle-men who extract value out of every human's basic need for shelter. I am not saying that all land-lords are evil, but simply that the basic system that allows them is broken, and only exists today because of the slow creep of normalcy of tyranny in society. We are actually remarkably allowing of tyranny in many walks of life because we consider it as normal in many regards that one person is allowed to have influence over another person against their will. Land-lords and employers are the primary examples of this.
How do you get to be one of these shadowy insiders? Seems like a pretty good gig.
I am not sure if they also had that controller on the Saturn, but there was a 6 button controller for the Genesis and it looked exactly like that. It came out later, and was bundled with some later Genesis console versions.
It's a woman's pussy lips being blown open and closed by a fan. I mean it's comical looking but is this really so shocking?
Well it's good policy; I wouldn't trust anyone behind the wheel who says "on accident."
You can't really. It's better just to accept that this is who you are and there's nothing wrong with that. It's possible to eliminate your shame/disgust, but not the kink itself.
With much cheaper housing people could take quick loans and pay them off over time as easily as they do currently with cars. It would be trivial to setup institutions to make all this work with no need for rent. People just have trouble imagining it because they are so used to how it has always been.
Just consider yourself lucky that you can save money at all and stop looking your gift horse the mouth.
This can happen, but usually it does not. You are living in a fantasy world.
Experienced at what? Not having kids? I have been not having any kids for 39 years and counting so I guess so?
I am not American. The history of socialism does speak for itself in the handful of extremely successful nations that have embraced democratic socialism.
Virgins on reddit have seen an extremely curated and heavily biased sample of real pussies. This woman's inner labia are for sure longer than average, but not particularly unusual *at all*. I wouldn't even look twice in this case if not for the goofy flapping. Many young men develop a comical squeamishness over normal labia because of being used to porn.
Regardless, it means nothing and you don't need to worry about it. It's no different than being attracted to any other woman you can't have.
I specifically said it was above average. Most are obviously smaller, but to liken it to an atomic mutation is ridiculous and insulting for many women. Having their labia show through bikinis is actually a very common complaint among women, though a minority. It's posted here because of the wind making it goofy, and because society's perception of what is normal is not correct in this case.
Yes this negative stereotype is still very strong in society at large, regardless of what more enlightened minds say here. Women are very choosy, and it gives them more confidence in their choice if they see it as a choice that other women have made as well. Going with the virgin guy is like going with the product that just came out and has zero reviews online. You just don't know what you are getting. Of course, realistically just having had sex in the past is barely an indicator of how skilled they will be at sex. *Many* men have regular sex their whole lives and never stop being bad at it. But people rely on group-think a lot, more than we should.
I have never done it in any way but taking my pants off. Honestly it would seem a little weird to me to be passing out your measurements beforehand.
I am not religious but you certainly don't sound dumb. In fact this is a really serious problem for many people raised in strict religious settings. It's very hard to repress something your whole life and then suddenly be expected to embrace it. If your partner is understanding and compassionate he will likely be able to help you get over your repression gradually. Many women do recover from this, it just takes exposure and practice to normalize these feelings. Only time can let you escape the negative associations. By actively *wanting* to change and by realizing that you even have an issue, you are already ahead of many people in your position. It's common for people to accept the repression and just go their whole lives like that, often villainizing people who are more sexual.
He likely did orgasm. This just happens to me sometimes, usually after a really good orgasm.
Well so far this is just one instance. I wouldn't think a thing of it unless it becomes regular. It's just something that happens sometimes to lots of guys.
Honestly your sexual response sounds very normal. 2 out of 15 is actually not bad for an orgasm rate with young male partners. The problems are primarily with them and not with you. Some women are very sensitive and orgasm easily, but most are not, and it takes real finesse that most younger men simply lack. You probably also have a bit of a psychological thing going on that is making you self-conscious doing sexual things in front of partners, but a good partner who knows what he is doing will be able to help with that too by being communicative, positive, and supportive. There is very rarely any need to stimulate a woman for ages and ages like that. As you mentioned it just becomes pain. If a woman hasn't orgasmed within a half hour, whatever you are doing is not going to do it and there is no point in continuing. &amp;#x200B; Also in case you didn't know, few women can orgasm regularly from penetration alone. If these guys weren't including your clitoris in whatever they were doing, they were barking up the wrong tree right from the beginning. If you've managed to orgasm from oral you are doing fine. Many women can't reliably orgasm from anything but skilled oral or a vibrator. Both of these things allow for a combination of clitoral stimulation and vaginal penetration at the same time, which is the key for almost all women. Using a vibrator during penetrative sex is the best sex advice nearly all women will ever get. It stuns me how many people never discover this.
Usually my erection subsides quickly. Just every once in a while I find it sticks around for like 10 or 15 minutes. I can't orgasm again though I can stay hard for stimulation. I find it most often happens after blow-jobs but it has happened with sex as well. Never with masturbation.
Umm, are you confusing me with somebody else? I never posted any links nor said that most vaginas look just like this. Obviously they are longer than average, but it's at about the level of maybe 1 in 10 to 1 in 20, not 2 in a fucking thousand. Some women have labia up to like 3 inches long; that is at the 1 in a 1000 range. There I go with fucking facts again, why do I bother? Also let me give you some advice about insults. The trick is to hit close to home. By calling me, a 40 year old man who is a mod on a sex advice forum with *millions* of subscribers a virgin, you not hitting close to that mark. At all.
That article is completely factual. I don't know if you actually read it but the gist is that the G-spot is not a real, definable anatomical structure, but a confluence of multiple internal structures in a general area in many but not all women. It's not saying that women don't enjoy stimulation of this spot, as obviously many do, but it's not a magic orgasm button, it doesn't provide special, unique orgasms, and it's not very effective in some women. &amp;#x200B; The most reliable method for women to orgasm is vaginal penetration and clitoral stimulation at the same time. The precise nature, speed, angle, etc. of the penetration that works best is extremely variable from woman to woman. For many women it is effective for the penetration to be "G-spot" focused, but not for all.
The G-spot is not a reliable way to make women orgasm. That is a huge myth. The only reliable way is to include the clitoris, ideally with vaginal penetration at the same time. That's not to say that stimulation of that area is never pleasurable for women, because it often is, it's just not the magic orgasm button that many make it out to be. Reliably being able to find and effectively stimulate the clitoris is a much more important basic sexual skill.
Yes it's a shocking new theory I am working on.
That was almost certainly just balled up toilet paper that got left there when she wiped and didn't notice. The bitter taste was probably traces of urine. Still pretty off-putting obviously.
I would have zero sexual interest in either.
If you are at the stage of cuddling with a woman she does not mind that she gives you an erection. She in fact most likely enjoys it. She would actually be pretty weird if that bothered her.
Young people are actually having *less* sex than they used to.
If a man thinks you are a "hoe" because you want sex with him, that is a shitty man and you shouldn't have sex with him. Hearing my woman say she wants sex makes me nothing but excited.
It's hardish for them to find a guy for sex *who they actually really want,* but it's not hard at all to find *a guy.* This is true of even the ugliest women, like unless she was horrifically deformed or something. All she has to do is approach a guy who is obviously unattractive to women and desperate for female contact of any kind. There are huge numbers of guys like this.
The anus just keeps going, you don't have to worry about length at all, safety-wise, unless you are talking about inserting extreme objects. Girth is actually what leads to injuries generally. The deeper it goes the more likely it's coming back with some poop on it is all.
Lots of guys aren't into it. It's common for guys to be much less jealous about their GF having sex with other women rather than men, but it's certainly not universally the case.
There's actually some chance that you have not yet experienced orgasm but are mistaking some other sensation for orgasm. Experience does vary a lot though so it's hard to say.
Virtually all common knowledge about squirting is a myth: 1.) Most women don't squirt at all. 2.) In women who do squirt, it has little to nothing to do with orgasm. It's simply a spasm that empties the bladder. It's 100% urine. 3.) Almost all women orgasm most quickly and powerfully from a combination of clitoral stimulation and vaginal penetration at the same time. So for oral that's tongue + fingers. For sex it's penis + fingers or better yet a vibrator. Forget about squirting and trying to make women squirt. It's just something that happens sometimes for some women, not some sort of holy grail orgasm.
Well I would say that that is also normal. But different the are different.
Well personally I just find men to be sexually unappealing and I don't really like watching other men have sex. So if I want to watch two people have sex, I will choose women every time. Women being aroused is arousing to me. Men being aroused is off-putting. &amp;#x200B; One thing is that lots of women watch and prefer lesbian porn as well, so that is probably inflating the numbers.
Yes you are a little bit bisexual. Lots and lots of people are. Probably most people.
Same way you find a rhythm tapping your foot. Different people have vastly different natural abilities to follow a rhythm though. Some people really can't and some people are Neil Peart.
Sex is great and everything but jesus christ, she's married *and* pregnant with another mans child. Do not touch unless you love drama.
Generally no it's not a big deal. You can generally find a way to move fatty tissue out of the way. Though it may be in certain positions and with certain butts. Some women are more "spreadable" than others.
They actually are the same physiologically. There is only one orgasm system in women. They can feel very different though, despite the same systems being activated. It's also possible that what you were experiencing before wasn't a true orgasm.
You literally said you did in the title of your post. That you want another dude to jerk you off. That's not something that straight men wish for by the way. I sense a bit of denial here.
I really don't like yoga pants because of their associations. I like asses but I prefer them with no pants rather than any pants. I am sure basically everyone wears them now and I am just left with old man bias, but when I was younger I made the association of yoga pants = utter trend-enslaved bimbo and I just can't find that attractive.
This is not true. The perkiness of boobs is entirely genetic and what you wear will not affect it in any significant way.
Education makes some people less ignorant, but it doesn't really change your intelligence. Stupidity is hard-baked into a significant percentage of humanity and there is absolutely nothing to be done about it with current technology.
What do your parents have you under FBI surveillance? Just go buy some and don't tell them. Also, why on Earth would you want condoms to masturbate? You would need to use so much lube.
As frequently as you like. No amount of masturbation will cause you harm.
There are as many ways you can have bad sex as there are ways you can have a bad day.
I am not sure there are any real studies on this so really we can't be sure, but my suspicion is that reality lies more in the "you will know it when it happens" camp. I think a substantial number of women have enough difficulty coming to orgasm that they only experience it much later in life or sometimes never. These women feel self-conscious and the idea that actually they have been orgasming the whole time is very appealing. &amp;#x200B; However I have seen too many reports from women who have been in that situation and then finally figured out how to have real orgasms. They describe feelings very much like the "subtle" orgasms that this and other articles talk about, but then once they'd experienced the real deal, they realized that was just peaks and valleys of pleasure, and not real orgasms. &amp;#x200B; Again, there isn't any real science to point to that I am aware of so I have no real confidence I am correct, but the bulk of evidence I have seen seems to suggest this is the case.
This probably isn't even a women, just some dude's elaborate masturbation fantasy/roleplay.
It varies widely. Very, VERY widely. Almost literally anything you can imagine is somebody's sexual fantasy.
It's not normal exactly, particularly with that strong a reaction. But I do see guys reporting similar pretty frequently. Unfortunately this will complicate relationships for you unless you get over this. Have you tried seeing how you react to men or is it just any genitals?
&gt; she said she wasnt interested
Culturally, no it's not likely that she'd be interested in casual sex.
Then I must be missing those genes because I don't find heels attractive. They just make women look really clumsy and awkward to me. Their walk is unnatural and has this weird jerky stabbing motion.
For me yes it definitely does. It's got to be inside, every time.
Being good at performing oral sex on a woman has nothing at all to do with your ability to make her "squirt." Squirting is simply a spasm that empties the bladder of urine. It's not even a true orgasm and it provides little to no pleasure for most women who experience it.
Sure thing: [https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25545022](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25545022) &amp;#x200B; Researchers were able to watch in real time using ultrasound while the women's bladders filled and were emptied during squirting. Squirting is just urine but this information is not being disseminated very well.
It's possible but he's probably not gay, just bad at sex and possibly is grossed out by vaginas. A sizable minority of straight men develop this weird thing against female genitals. I have never been able to understand it. Such men are almost universally terrible at sex because they don't want to do anything with the parts that actually provide women pleasure.
Different men have different rates at which they can effectively have orgasms. Some men can orgasm again and again in the same session even. Other men require days to fully recharge after an orgasm before they are back to their full sensitivity. It sounds like you may have a longer recharge cycle. If you want more sensitivity, you may need to go longer between orgasms.
Well for sure you will be better equipped having read accurate information than going in blind. However it's still a physical skill that has to be learned. Like you can't become great at playing a sport just by reading about it. That can help for strategies and whatnot, but you still need to practice.
Well it's certainly possible. There's no real science to be pointed at either way. It's a nearly impossible thing to study. My reasoning is simply that heels have been pretty exclusively a thing of western culture until very historically recently. I also can't really imagine what natural aspect of a desirable mate is being simulated by them.
With no real arousal and combined with a small penis, it's not that unusual for women to feel nearly nothing. There's a reason that old "is it in yet?" joke came about.
If taken reliably, the pill is actually much *more* reliable than condoms. IF you never miss it, there is less than 1 chance in 300 *per year of regular sex* for a pregnancy to occur. 96% of the pill babies you hear about are a result of missed pills. Tons of women do not take them reliably, either through accident or intentional entrapment of a man. This is the only reason the pill has a poor reputation. True failures of the pill are actually very rare.
Well, first of all the basic physical act that leads most women towards orgasm is a combination of clitoral stimulation and vaginal penetration at the same time. During sex you can rub your clitoris with your fingers, or even use a small vibrator. One of the most common ways for women to orgasm is for their partner to perform oral sex, licking the clitoris while also inserting a couple fingers under his chin. &amp;#x200B; But at least as important as what you do physically is what's going on with you mentally. You can do everything right and still have a woman get no response if she's just not mentally aroused. Sometimes physical stimulation itself will lead to mental arousal, but not reliably. You should try and develop sexual fantasies, like find thoughts that excite you. Ideally, if you can share these thoughts with your husband he can learn to use them help you become aroused through his actions and words. Dirty talk can really help for a lot of couples.
It sounds to me like you have simply had poor male partners. Lots of guys make tons of noise and show great appreciation for blowjobs. Similarly with the rough/clumsy sex moves. It's common, more common in young men as you say, but not universal among men. &amp;#x200B; You're also probably kind of bisexual. It's so, so common for women to be turned on by other women who are turned on.
Yeah that makes sense. Anyway OP said it's not that she literally feels nothing.
There is no need for a circumcision. Even if you can't make stretching work, there are surgeries that completely correct the issue without removing the foreskin. Insist on this over circumcision.
No if your suspensory ligament is stretched your penis can safely be pointed in any direction without harm. It's all about the intense friction.
Well I haven't had this issue myself, but from what I have read the advice is to give up prone masturbation completely. Force yourself to only do it the normal method. Eventually your body will readjust. Could you elaborate on being grossed out though? I have never seen anyone with a prone masturbation habit have that issue.
The intense friction and pressure of this style of masturbation frequently leads practitioners to be unable to orgasm via any other method, including sex.
Yeah unless by some freak chance he has an appreciation for being cuckolded this is not a conversation that could possibly go well. You are almost certainly going to have to end this relationship. Very few guys will be ok with just being the figure-head boyfriend while other guys are plowing the fields.
The placebo pills actually have no medical function and they were introduced in the early days of pills because doctors weren't sure if elimination of monthly bleeding was healthy or not. It stayed because that's just what people are used to, but in fact women can and often do skip the placebo pills and take only real pills, thus skipping the meaningless bleeding period, which is not a "real" menses as there's no ovulation. This has no health risks at all. Certainly a missed period can indicate pregnancy, but what I meant was that changing the timing of when you have sex during your cycle while on the pill will have absolutely zero effect on your fertility chance. Anyway the dumbest thing you ever read contains more factual information that anything I've read from you so far. Keep being disrespectful and you will be banned.
You talk about repressing your urge to masturbate as if you believe that masturbation is fundamentally harmful in some way. It simply isn't. There is zero reason to repress yourself like this.
Squirting is actually not pleasurable for most women who experience it. It's not even a real orgasm, just a spasm that empties the bladder of urine. Pursuing it is pretty much a goose chase.
I think he likes to wear women's clothes?
It may seem like a design but really it's only a design in the same sense that life is "designed" by natural selection. It's a natural result of many independent parties acting in their own perceived best interest. There isn't and never was some secretive cabal behind it all. It's just that, contrary to what free-market fanatics would have you believe, the actual result of this is a race to the bottom as far as the well being of society as a whole is concerned.
I can't believe I had to scroll down this far too find somebody like me.
They are certainly more likely to spend it on something beneficial than are the billionaires.
Aside from that, most people think it just means "stupid person" if they have heard it at all. I certainly did for most of my life until the internet informed me about Bugs Bunny's biblical joke.
There are probably sexual thoughts he has that he is deeply ashamed of and it leads him to be uncomfortable with all sexual topics. My GF's dad was similar and he finally told us at the age of like 65 that he had wanted to be a woman his whole life, and in fact lived as a woman in prison, but suppressed it for the rest of his life after that. Nobody saw it coming but it explained so much.
A bad weed habit is certainly a huge waste of money and probably not great for your lungs, but compared to heavy drinking it has very few ill health effects. A lot of people just can't live without something to take the edge off and weed is definitely the lesser of many evils.
That is simply not true. About a third of the human race is basically rock stupid and there's nothing to be done about it.
Hilariously I just saw this accusation leveled at another person who understands genetics and responded to that person. I will copy it here for your benefit. "It's entirely possible to understand that intelligence is largely genetic (science has proven this beyond doubt) without also being racist. Any differences between racial groups would be dwarfed to insignificance by differences between individuals within groups. Eugenics (not based on race) would for sure work, it's just unethical."
Being a good parent can improve a lot of the outlook for a kid, but it cannot fundamentally change their intelligence.
I actually do believe quite firmly that any compulsory education past about grade 7 is a huge waste of time. Easily 80% of people literally never use anything they learn in school past this point. I say this as somebody who spent most of his life in school.
So we shouldn't pursue truth if its socially awkward?
As soon as I saw the gif the first thing I thought was "well this thread is going to be chalked full of submissive men."
You're eating some crummy poutine clearly.
Well I am not most men.
There's actually enough leaked evidence to be fairly certain that doomslayer will be one of the 6 unrevealed fighters.
Are you kidding? Plant was a genius inclusion. Such a fun character.
No you are that guy. His spirit entered the body of a space Marine and that's the player.
I believe Fire Emblem has always been a big thing in Japan, which is the only reason it has so many characters in Smash in the first place. The last one seems to have found some traction in the West though. The youth today have much more of an appetite for Japanese melodrama than previously.
That wouldn't work the index finger is smaller and better at touch pads but that finger doesn't swivel in the joint nearly as much as the thumb so it would be much harder to get fluid movement, particularly up and down, which confusingly would be side to side movement of your finger.
I would be very, very surprised if it was precise enough to compare to a mouse and keyboard at all, not just at absolute top level play. The polling rate won't matter for nearly anybody, it's just the precision. If there truly is little enough of a difference that only the absolute pros would find it that would be great, and I would love to have such a controller. I remain rather skeptical though. The best aiming experience I have had outside of a mouse was with Gyro controls in Nintendo games, which are much, MUCH better than thumb sticks, but still not even *close* to being competitive with a mouse. How does it compare to that?
I am sure it's better than a thumb stick for shooters, because sticks are horrifically bad for all shooters. I will be interested when the precision/speed is competitive with a real mouse.
Well first of all you are sitting on a billion fucking dollars of resources that you do not fucking need and could be spent to lift thousands of people out of poverty for life. Nobody should have the right to take more than they need as long as there are those who cannot meet their needs.
You are not addressing the hoarding issue at all. No matter how good a person they seem or how they got the money, if you have a billion dollars in resources you have the resources to lift thousands of people out of poverty for life and still have plenty to live comfortably without working for the rest of your life. What possible right could anybody have to keep so much when others starve in the streets?
Probably about 10m.
Oh no you mean they can't necessarily have all their money in hard currency at any given second?? This changes everything! Won't somebody think of the billionaires??
The numbers for birth control effectiveness are very telling. There are two numbers given to measure the basic effectiveness of a birth control method: perfect use and typical use. The perfect use number is from a test population that is monitored to be using the method correctly and reliably. The typical use method is a test on a random population with no enforcement. For the pill, the perfect use number is 99.7% per year. That is, having regular sex for a whole year using only the pill for protection, there is only a 0.3% chance, or less than 1 in 300 for a pregnancy to occur. True failures of the pill are actually very rare. The typical use effectiveness however is only 91%. Do the math and this tells you that 97% of pill "failures" are in fact due to missing pills. What we will never know is what percentage of these events are genuine carelessness and what percentage are intentional. The pill is actually extremely effective and you can trust it pretty much exactly as much as you can trust the person taking it.
They are bullshit. "Toxin" appearing anywhere in the literature for a company or service is a near 100% predictor of quackery.
Dude squirting isn't even pleasurable for most women who experience it. It's not even a real orgasm and it's just urine. This has now all been firmly established by science. Almost everything about it you read online is myth. It's really not something to strive for and you have probably alienated past sexual partners by insisting on trying.
I should perhaps have said the solution is simple, rather than easy. You are grossly misunderstanding both what I am saying and what communism is. I am in no way advocating for the abolishment of private property. Quite the opposite, I am espousing that it is each person's basic right to own the fruits of their labour. Wage labour is a complete scam where somebody agrees to pay you less than your labour is actually worth so that they can keep the extra. At its core that's all it ever was. It's the biggest cloud of bullshit ever perpetrated on civilization, followed closely by the concept of rent.
In the system I am envisioning the entire corporate system is out the window. There would no longer be stock markets or corporations at all. Private banks would be outlawed and investment would be done through a central money lending system run by the government. Wages would indeed be replaced by what are functionally dividends. You would not be allowed to own any part of a company unless you work for that company, so there is no selling of shares at all. To allow otherwise inevitably creates a class of financial middlemen (investors) who, despite their constant cries of being the movers of society, are in fact entirely parasitical and make money simply by already having money, doing nothing useful for society at all. When you join a company you negotiate your percentage ownership in the same way you currently negotiate your wage. When a person wants to start a business they have to gather together a group of people who believe in their business idea and want to work as part of a cooperative to make it happen. They then present their business plan and if it passes tests of feasibility, social responsibility, etc. they will receive funds to start it up. It can still fail like any other business and the success or failure of the business is shared by all involved. Since businesses are now collectives instead of totalitarian dictatorships, major decisions would be made by vote rather than a despot. Everyone's vote counts the same regardless of their share percentage. There would still be leaders as there are in democratic government, it's just that those leaders would now be answerable to their subordinates and could be voted out. That we insist on this in public life but put up with fascism in the workplace is the biggest thing about society that I cannot understand. In the end none of this really matters though because all human labour will be made obsolete by AI within 50 years or so, and the very concept of money will largely cease to have meaning.
I am convinced that the movie is meant to be a meta propaganda movie. The movie is meant to be fake in its own universe. The real story is that the humans attacked first. Buenos Aries was probably experiencing anti-government revolution and nuked. They are expanding their empire and conquering the bugs, but they have to sell in on Earth that the bugs are monsters. That's why the plots are so silly and melodramatic, and the acting so hammy. Remember the Nazi movie premier in Inglorious Basterds? Starship Troopers is a movie just like that but for a future fascist government. Verhoeven has basically come out and said this in interviews. When I was a kid I read Starship Troopers and I thought it was great and had good points about society. Then I grew up and realized that I had been an idiot 14 year old and Heinlein is a libertarian hack. This movie is essentially a brilliant parody of the original novel, which is honestly all that novel deserves.
At the point where everyone should be wearing a fucking a seatbelt
Does running your business really make your life better? I mean I assume it makes you a living so in some sense obviously it helps. But say you didn't have to worry about money, would you want to keep doing it even then?
You should consider weed. It makes nearly everything more interesting, and makes it way harder to get sick of things in general. Be warned of course this is a very habit forming state.
It's just that it's happened just like that in so many other countries in the past. Heck it happened in the US itself 160 years ago. I really, really want to believe that the militaries of the modern Western democracies are different, but I wish I could drum up your level of confidence.
Sure but you don't have to be single to be voluntarily child free. Nor a man for that matter.
Polygamy actually causes huge problems in society if it's widespread in that society. You end up with a large number of dispossessed young men.
Wtf seriously? So cops in the US are basically glorified mall security with a license to kill, awesome.
It's almost as if people should have seen this coming.
&gt; other jobs offer higher pay, less dangerous work, more steady hours, and doesn't make you hated by a good chunk of the population. Well there's a good argument for extensive police reform right there. All of those things are changeable. I think to achieve it though you'd have to basically dissolve and reform all or most police departments. We should call them something other than police too. Community Service Officers or something like that. And make the job actually reflect that title.
Do you really believe that even if we legislate against AI's making other AI's that people won't make it happen? It is inevitable at some point that computers will do literally everything that people can even conceivably do, but much better. It may take decades or longer, but it is still inevitable. There is no Star Trek future for us because that future makes no sense. If we had that level of technology people would basically be pets to machines. There is no way you would see people crewing starships or being engineers or whatever because they would be laughably, pathetically bad at those jobs compared to the machines. Our best hope is that we can manipulate the evolution of AI as it happens in order to land on machines that will take care of us forever, because that or annihilation are the only two possible outcomes. I believe the better option is the most likely, as computer intelligence does not evolve in the same way as organic intelligence. They can be infinitely and perfectly copied, and so there is no real death and no real natural selection for them. They have no reason at all to evolve aggression or even emotions of any kind really. Those are just programming shortcuts that evolution put in our brains to solve environmental problems that we faced. The one thing that evolution cannot create is a goal, for it is entirely defined by the single goal of increased numbers of copies of genes. AI will therefore never develop any goals or aspirations accept those we give them. Motivation is not at all intrinsic to intelligence. The dominance of organic intelligence is for certain very near the end of it's multi-billion year run. People are going to have to get used to the idea that we are all basically useless and must "retire" as a species.
Where on Earth do people talk like that? I have definitely never heard those ones.
Cannot agree on this one. Anyone who doesn't like that movie has bad taste.
The only times we ever ate together were Christmas and Thanksgiving. Literally just twice per year. With 4 kids in the family with massively varying food tastes, it is impossible to prepare any one meal that everyone will eat. It's not even possible to go to any one restaurant where everyone would eat. My mom being an absolutely awful cook didn't help. She can't stand flavor of any kind.
So you are telling me that twerking has now been around so long that people who would do that now have grown children?
5 will likely also be the last real GTA. Since they have discovered the profitability of this multiplayer bullshit, the next game will probably barely have a single player mode.
That is a pathetic standard for immediate threat. If you feel the need to blast somebody in a situation like that you are too cowardly to be a cop.
In my experience nearly all women are turned on by the sights and sounds of other women experiencing sexual pleasure
Some are safe and some aren't. However none of them work at all, so don't waste your money. It's all total snake oil.
I've seen footage of early work on this mummy and she looked pretty much like that when they found her. The thumbnail is also misleading because this corpse is not very bloated; she was very overweight in life. She was in her 50s or 60s and died of heart issues.
The internet was well established when that game came out.
They were protecting themselves.
Believing that they have visited Earth however is much, much crazier.
Wow the number of people posting here who think this matters does not reflect well on this subreddit at all. I was already fairly sure this place was full of conspiracy theory people but this really drives that home. Belief in aliens is simply a modern religion. It is absolutely no different than belief in the miracles of Fatima or whatever.
Oh well that's easy. Nothing at all of interest happened in Roswell and there is no mystery to solve. There are enough real mysteries in the world without making them up.
Ahaha well my dad thinks your dad is full of shit. After this thread I think am unsubscribing from this sub.
Well, it is actually accurate to say that nothing truly fantastic ever happens. All magic/spiritualism/psychics/aliens/monsters/angels/miracles/ancient cures, etc., are complete fantasy. Such things invariably fail badly when subjected to the light of science and rigorous testing. They have failed too many times and with with such perfect consistency over the course of human civilization that belief in such things today can only come from ignorance.
Isaac Newton may have been the greatest genius the world has ever known, and he considered his great works to be a sideline to his investigations into bible codes. Being intelligent and well educated does not, on it's own, protect one from developing fantastical beliefs. I have known many sage academics who had silly beliefs in areas outside their expertise.
