That's clearly not all you're "just pointing out". You were caught pants down trying to manipulate your reader into ignoring the huge fails your article was just debunked on (you have NO security) by pretending it won't matter until 2140 (as if that's a valid reason to now build a get rich quick scheme and let people in 2140 worry about cleaning it up). &gt; &gt; Finally, you fail to even attempt to address how the security of Bitcoin would be paid for in the future &gt; I am sorry, limiting at this point as an economic planning measure for 2140 is IMO beyond ridiculous.
They were researched and found to be dangerous.
Your disproven believe i pointed out was on a whole different subject. So you're moving the goalpost by erecting a new strawman. And to blow that one down too: 1. That party shows no evidence whatsoever of any plan. 2. Block size limit was increased 15 months ago, but bigblockers sabotaged the rollout for a year and keep hindering it to this day. But "Oh, think of the children! We're so concerned with high fees." while spamming the blockchain and launching multiple sucker trapping shitforks. Sounds like you're one of the suckers.
Dude. You were pointed out many blatant flaws in your article and thinking. Instead of addressing it and fixing your aricle, All you do is deflect with wishful thinking and much handwaving, leaving the heaviest criticism completely unanswered hoping nobody will notice. Your dishonesty is shining through.
&gt; Can someone please explain to me how a spam attack hurts bitcoin? It raises fees which are an annoyance for real users, but mostly a perfect FUD narrative to suckers that don't understand. Those suckers then start doing the bidding for those doing the spam attack, which is whine and complain and talk shit and maybe even jump ship putting their money into the sucker pits laid out by again those same attackers: "buy bcash/eth/dash/, it's so much better". The spam itself doesn't hurt Bitcoin itself much. The part that never gets confirmed is meaningless, some of it gets confirmed and will be an eternal waste of chain space and UTXO, but that's not too bad. There are also several counter measures people can take and further near term improvements will provide to reduce fees, so the annoyance should go down and cost for spammers up.
Blah blah blah. You're busy so you have the right to boss volunteers around and complain a they're not fast enough? No worse: they've basically done their job and soon everything will be out of their hands and fully depend on the community adopting it. But you demand a timeline with deadline? And it's all their fault that you built a usecase on something you didn't understand and expected to be able to just dump your externalities onto. SegWit is lagging... Like anybody can do anything about that except for the slackers and FUDders like Coinbase and Ver. Go complain to them. Also: fix your own shit: if you use SegWit and batching then the fees aren't that high at all.
&gt; never raising the block size, Funny strawman. Blocksize was increased 15 months ago but blocked by "bigblockers" for a year. Either way it's here now. &gt; wouldn’t have a noticeable impact on the network Says random redditter with no clue. Get your facts straight plz.
&gt; relies on user and provider action You prefer it relies on central planning and centrally forced changes? &gt; Bitcoin is based on incentives &amp; game theory. And users got a nice incentive to update when they see fit, at their own leisure. &gt; You can't blame users for not acting in a particular way. You can't force users to want something that you want. &gt; The system needs to ensure that they do. Decentralized. Look it up sometime.
So, where's your pull request? Or do you prefer spending your money to pay someone else to do it?
&gt; Coinjaf's stupidity knows no bounds! Addressing your fellow trolls? &gt; recent run up I said "all the way", so reading comprehension is minimal. &gt; "Man I am going to dump my savings into Bitcoin because those Core guys are doing a great job!" That's actually the only reason I and probably most people are in Bitcoin yeah: because world renowned experts and fundamentally proven good people are working on it. Had it been just assholes and retards like Zander and Ver and Rizen and you, then indeed Bitcoin would be worth one cent IF it could manage to keep running for more than a day without crashing. &gt; I gave you a specific list of all points where you were blatantly wrong But YET again all you do is change the subject and shitting on people to deflect from your own inabilities and cluelessness.
Because real users will always have to pay more fee than the spam, otherwise they'll never get into a block. &gt; It would cost millions of dollars to sustain an attack that has those effects and the benefit is very small. Correct, that's why they only do it combined with other (media) events, coin splitting events and difficulty retargeting times and then it subsides again for a while.
Agree with everything you said, which should be basic knowledge, but hardly anybody seems to understand. Except: &gt; Market cap is the dumbest metric I'd say SUM(Thousands of Market Caps) is even dumber. That's the "Dominane" index for ya...
"Dominance index" is extremely dumb and useless. People need to stop paying any attention to it, positive or negative. Market Cap is already an imaginary number for centrally controlled scamcoins, summing thousands of those is just completely insane and meaningless.
Funny how you say &gt; huge announcements Fancy press releases and unicorn announcements is ALL I've ever seen from alts. Not a single actually useful (if even working) feature. Actual features take time, even when done by a large number of field experts. Announcements take a few hours.
Did you have to link to the scammer's channel? Original and correctly dated: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jEBkdCdj4FQ Published on Dec 20, 2017
There's no way in hell they can ever get LN working on bcash: they ripped out SegWit.
Yeah, but the requirement also includes "actually working" for something like LN (at least if it needs to be compatible with the real LN), otherwise it's free bcash for all, suck em dry! Considering all the off-by-one errors and numerous other spectacular explosions we've seen over the years for just a "one line change: 1 to 2"...
I doubt any decently capable developer would destroy their chance of ever having a non-laughing-stock career by working for them. They'd be dumb as fuck to follow in the footsteps of Rizen, Zander and Emun. Someone who actually understands Bitcoin and its codebase enough to actually work on it comfortably at such a deep level would never ever consider working for a bunch of amateur scammers and would find themselves aligned much more with Core devs (even if they have large disagreements). And he/she would also understand that it's an almost impossible task to pull of alone: you need peer review and code review and lots of help by equally capable people to share the responsibility with. Sure it's open source, but the very first thing bcash did was refactor their entire codebase, there is no way in hell they'll be able to fit it back in without a thousand bugs. &gt; And implementing bcash to LN is something that would be done by LN proponents, not bcash (I think?). It's not the LN part of the implementation that's hard: it's actually making bcash suitable for LN style smart contracts that is hard. I've heard Ver already brag about future LN compatiblity a few times now. I can't imagine any LN proponent having the need to hook up bcash, not if it requires so much effort and a large part of the bcash community being against it in the first place. &gt; As you can see, btc.com just implemented SW. Coinbase is going to implement SW. That's "implementing SW" from a user perspective. That's super easy and far far less dangerous, compared to implementing SW in the consensus code of Bitcoin. &gt; Just like every other change that they fight against. Well, never say never, but I don't see it happening within any reasonable timespan. I much more expect them to just fake all kinds of fancy features by centralizing the hell out of it. Centralized systems are much easier to code and maintain and fix bugs in.
They have some half assed "solutions" that somewhat sort of fix a few malleability vectors, but not all. And if you don't fix all, you might as well not fix any. Most of SegWit is just the malleability fix, you can't make it much less complex by taking anything out, because it's all interdependent and sort of automatically happens because of the difference in calculating the txid.
It's the only way to know for sure you're actually receiving valid coins and not being spoofed. It's like a personal counterfeit detector machine. And second you help strengthen the whole network (including your own money) against attacks like what bcash and s2x tried to pull off a few months ago; changing the consensus rules and thus changing the definition of your money. And thirdly, yeah you help the network a bit by spreading data and making it a bit more redundant.
What an extremely stupid letter. They are literally saying they are not making the right decision by cancelling your order.
Common error, but that's not correct. They're not passive. They check transactions and tell counterfeiters and charlatans to go fuck themselves. No cup of coffee for them. That's how bcash and segwit2x were utterly rejected. &gt; proof of work consensus Proof of Work consensus only covers the ordering of transactions, nothing more. Consensus on what the rules are and what constitutes a valid transaction is a whole different ball game, in which decentralized full nodes are the _most_ important component.
I really don't believe they have the skills to come up with a malleability fix good enough to work with LN. They have some half ass proposal (flexible transactions or something?) but that only covers half of the malleability vectors. They can't pull it from Core, since they've mutilated their own source with refactors and nonsense all over the place. I don't see it happening, not in time to make a difference. But of course that won't stop them from continuing to sabotage and FUD segwit adoption and pump their own "solution" if and when it arrives.
That's how you recognize good engineering: fix one design glitch and 5 others magically disappear too as well as some other properties are improved basically without extra work. It's like putting a fourth wheel on a car when all previous designs had only three. Alternatively: that's how you recognize the design mistake that used to be there. (Not necessarily putting blame on the original designer.)
Not just those kinds of formatting changes, but refactoring of variable and function names. Probably ditching random (or all) asserts ("They're for debugging only, haha stupid Core, don't you know!?") and renaming a variable to "CORE_SUCKS" and such.
Promises of golden unicorns, the hallmark of crypto scammers (like Ver).
SegWit deployment could have started a year earlier were it not for hypocrites like you and Ver sabotaging it with FUD. And that would also have been a nice time for services to start doing batching and other efficiency improvements, as Core devs have been warning for many years. But no, you and Ver promised them endlessly bigger blocks, so don't worry, just keep polluting. And still today your friends at conbase have done absolutely nothing towards SegWit adoption or even trying to not waste space on inefficient non-batched transactions. Fucking hypocrite.
You can start making up your own definitions or you can use existing ones. Full node means Fully Validating Node. It's not just a label that I use for it. &gt; valid transaction is determined 100% by the miners. Wrong again. It's determined by the rules of the system as set out Satoshi (which evolved a bit over time, but are still to this day backwards compatible). Miners have no say in this. &gt; unless you consider an attempted double spend an "out of order" transaction That's exactly what a double spend is: one of the two is trying to spend money that doesn't exist anymore and the miners decide which one was first (i.e. the order). &gt; It might be worth you rereading that white paper... I hear that a lot from people who don't understand it themselves. Look it up and let me know which sections you have trouble with.
WTF? You're making a beginner mistake in understanding the different kinds of consensus at play here and will get sucked into Roger Ver type of scammers that leech on that ignorance. It's actually very simple: 1) Full Nodes verify EVERYTHING fully according to the Bitcoin rules. Any invalid transaction outside or inside a block get rejected and whoever sent it get banned. 2) Miners (hopefully also full nodes, not always) select which transaction goes into blocks and they seal the block with Proof of Work. Proof of Work doesn't mean anything to the validity of the contents and it can't. 3) Full nodes don't trust miners to be full nodes or honest, they check EVERYTHING again. Without proof of work there would be many alternative blocks with different double spend transactions, so a full node could pick any and different full nodes would end up with different chains. But since the point of a network is that everybody agrees, it makes sense to only pick those blocks that are part of the most-work-chain and ignore the rest. That way all Full Nodes deterministically end up validating and picking the same transactions. That's all Proof of Work is used for.
Try here: https://bitcoin.stackexchange.com/questions/67487/how-finding-a-working-nonce-says-anyting-about-the-validity-of-an-initial-transa
Ignore troll.
There's no such thing as a SegWit private key. But did you move your real bitcoins first? Really sounds like you're in danger of losing your coins.
Empty mempool is not a good goal. It's actually bad for security and stable fee market. Mempool should never be empty!
Thanks to your bed buddies Ver and that conbase dude.
Start learning then.
Learn some basics plz, you're embarrassing yourself saying nonsense.
Cherry picking dates. Bah. Statistics and lies etc.
Same reason people counterfeit money or sell fake rolexes.
It's not need that drives block size limit, it's when and whether it's safely possible.
You don't understand Bitcoin huh?
Bcash don't care about tradeoffs, only about scanning the ignorant with impossible promises. They've already shown that.
I can assure you you didn't work on actual bitcoin consensus code. Possibly some shitcoins.
Because there's no incentive for miners to work on the next block. They're better off trying to redo the previous block to get the fees in there. Also fees go to zero which is obviously bad.
Lots to learn.
3. 4M weight, which is strictly &gt;= 1MB, and in practice, if demand wants it to be, around 2 MB. 4. I enumerated them above.
Non empty implies "with enough fees", otherwise it might as well be empty.
I meant the same private key can be used for non-segwit or segwit addresses (or anything else). But ok, i guess we know what you meant.
That's the definition of a hard fork. Maybe you were confused by all the shitforks of late which skipped the phase in, because why waste time doing the honest thing when the goal is scamming peeople anyway?
Large amounts will always be done on chain as it's likely very hard to find a path of nodes that each have $thousands available. They'd charge high LN fees. But when you send a $million, the on chain fee is not a big deal anymore. Same with confirmation times: cup of coffee none vs buying a car. Some balance will automatically form: small payments through LN, large through chain.
Because the blockchain isn't magic and can never scale to those levels. It can in fact hardly scale at all. Also instant confirmation and more privacy are huge benefits a blockchain can never offer cheaply.
That's why Luke says 300kB would be better. Tech growth would match chain size growth. Note how SegWit does allow to throw away part of the transaction. So even though it increases the block size, in the long term it doesn't increase the chain size growth. I guess at some point taking a UTXO snapshot of a few years ago and validating the amount of PoW on top might be enough trustlessness for most people. The best and most effective manner to do that is still being worked on. Mimblewimble actually solves this fundamentally btw as old transactions can be actually discarded without trust. Fees: theres quite a bit of stretch still left in on chain capacity, so number of transactions can still double a few times (more fees). At the same time LN does help a lot by taking the small transactions off chain so only larger payments that can sustain high fees go to the chain. It's also not a requirement that hashing power continues increasing like crazy forever. It's ok if that growth drops of at some point. It will always still scale with the fiat price of bitcoin (or electricity price in BTC rather). Hashing power mostly protects recent blocks, older blocks get to piggyback for free on the PoW done on the recent blocks. So the security mining needs to provide is related to the value at risk in recent chain history.
Because it will likely be coordinated with another spam attack and some hashing power might move to bcash temporarily.
Block size limit was increased. Half a year before bcash was even thought up. But the same people sabotaged that segwit rollout for a year and are still stalling, so go figure. It's up to users to adopt it, if they don't then i guess they're ok with the current fees. Devs don't have power to force users to do something. In don't think "consensus on a stop gap increase" would have made any difference. The block size was always just a political excuse to stir shit and attempt to grab power. All the way back to Gavin's first attempts as installing hinself as lead dev and chief scientist. Yes you're right, bcash ia going down the drain. It just needs to chew through all the dumb people throwing money at it.
If the mempool is empty miners have 0 incentive to mine. So they shut off or they start trying to hijack the previous block so maybe they can steal the fee that were in there. Also, when block space supply is abundant (i.e. empty pool) then price (fee) goes to 0, thus there is nobody paying for security, thus bitcoin fails. Mempool is not just a queue, it's more like an order book on an exchange. People bidding on block space. 2140 is nonsense, long long before that the subsidy is practically nothing. Besides, are we here to set up a pyramid that will collapse for our children in 2140, or are we here to build a robust system?
Sure, there's plenty grey area. There's no fixed divide between what is a "large" payment and what is a "small" payment. That's very much a dynamic balance, depending on a lot of factors. But the larger your payment the harder it becomes to find enough channels willing to cooperate and LN fees will start rising too.
&gt; Miners are mercenaries, and this is a good thing. Not necessarily good. And not necessarily optimal: if there were a way for Bitcoin to lock you into only mining Bitcoin and nothing else, that would be better. It's unlikely that's possible of course. &gt; The Bitcoin protocol was designed to have every actor acting in his own economic best interest. Yet the goal of the Bitcoin protocol is not to suit the economic interests of every actor, it merely incentivizes every actor to do what is good for the protocol. Bitcoin is the beast that gives other actors just enough to have them do what is good for the beast. If the Bitcoin were designed better to get more bang for its buck that would be a win for Bitcoin. Not saying I have good proven ideas about such improvements or that they're even possible. &gt; If every actor involved does this, and Bitcoin somehow fails, then that's that. The Bitcoin experiment will have been a failure. Yes, exactly. So if miners would be incentivized to look a little more towards the long term future instead of immediate money, then they'd be less inclined to be mercenaries and stick with Bitcoin a bit more even when time a temporarily a bit rough. Like the 100 block minimum delay before the coinbase transaction can be spent. Arguably, if that were a 1000 then either you have to stick with Bitcoin longer (at least not abandon it so much that its price goes down). Even if you sell your share of the coinbase reward in advance (which you generally do in pools), then you're just shifting the risk to someone else, so he will be paying you less. I guess any argument that says you shouldn't be supporting an attack on Bitcoin, because that could hurt your own bottom line at some point (imagine getting stuck with worthless ASICs if Bitcoin needs to do a PoW change), boils down to a tragedy of the commons where if you don't mine bcash, someone else will, so that doesn't matter. I've long been for extending the coinbase lock period, even to months, to be honest. But I maybe the consensus experts have very good counter arguments (probably centralization pressure, now that I think about it: only large miners/pools can take on the risk of months without payment). And in either case, I don't think it could be changed without a hard fork, so I don't really see it happening. I guess in this particular case you could argue that you're actually hurting bcash more than bitcoin since you're dumping bcash, adding to the selling pressure.
Guess it shows the income out of those thousands was drying up (too diluted would be my guess) so it was time to up the game and scam even more.
He must be throwing millions around, how can people throw away their brand and personal names so easily? I bet there's a CEO counting his bribe while all the techies are like WTF and pissed off. Just like at Coinbase.
Yeah sounds like it makes sense. I used to be of the opinion that touching any shitcoin is just bad, but especially since dumping all this shitforks I can see how extracting money from those scams is probably the best thing to do to help them die more quickly and ultimately scam fewer people. Dumb money must go somewhere, better to BTC than to some scammer's pockets.
You got lied to. LN is not possible on bcash. It also needs a malleability fix. A real one, not some half ass workaround that CW and Zander keep talking about. And a real one boils down to exactly SegWit because it's basically the only and simplest way to do it. So that just shows how retarded they are to rip it out and sabotage it for a year. Also: since they have 0 capable developers working on this, none of it will happen anyway.
Trezor displays all outputs these days i think (since SegWit) and asks for confirmation on each.
Segwit already gave you larger blocks. Also: do you want larger blocks or higher tx capacity? How about smaller transactions instead of larger blocks? Bcash have their head up their ass so much that they're not even chasing the right goals.
No they don't. And flextrans is garbage that doesn't fully fix malleability. And it was not earlier than SegWit and certainly never preferred. Are you high? Revisionist history lies not welcome here.
Except they're incapable and will fuck it up anyway. Like they have for the last 3 years, bug after bug after bug.
It's already larger than 2MB.
Thx for confirming you have no clue about how the tech works.
You were lied to and are spreading lies. Flextrans didn't exist at all when SegWit was "invented" and it was NEVER ever considered a better option by anyone with more than 3 brain cells. Get your head out of your ass already.
No, more than 2MB. &gt; I want more TXs, and right now, Then go use SegWit and tell shitty bigblockers like coinbase to get their shit together. Quit bothering the devs, they've already done their job 1.5 years ago and they are working on further and better improvements anyway. Also, if you want something, go do it yourself and quit being a whining baby demanding free icecream. &gt; LNs have been promised for how long now? Who gives a fuck? Did you do ANYTHING to further its progress? Did you pay for its development? Did you design it? Did you discuss the engineering details on the mailing list? Did you do any testing? Bug reports? Logo designs? Did you at least bring around coffee and do the dishes while the grownups were working on it? No, that's what I thought. &gt; A small block now isn't going to do a damm thing to centralization once LNs are established. AND you have no clue what you're talking about, so why would anybody care what you think should be the right block size? You think you're the first person to come up with a random number these last 5 years?
Except they've already had to hardfork their ass out of one beginner level bug that proved they didn't even do basic design and testing. Except they're the same failed devs that had been messing around with and exploding classic and BU and whatever shit we've seen before. Head needs to be not in ass, dude.
They are chewing through suckers that believe them, but i guess human stupidity knows no bounds.
Opening the port isn't even necessary to run a full node.
Nothing slow about it. Being done at record speed and exceptionally well.
Only to assholes.
You are insane if you think they should have made political anti-science deals with powerhungry retards. But even better: you're completely contradicting yourself by saying they were even in the power to do so. Blockstream couldn't even have been that evil, because they don't have the power you are simultaneously complaining they do have but then not use. It wouldn't have mattered one bit what Blockstream wanted or deemed politically acceptable. You're also overstating the importance of this one company and their role in the this decentralized project. So you can stop spreading delusional misinformation now.
And then Ver and Jihan and co sabotages SegWit for a year. So one non-dev was a bit optimistic and misjudged what it takes to build robust asshole-proof open source software. They have their whole lifetimes and beyond to do it. They don't owe you jack shit. I guess you have no clue about decentralized open source development. &gt; I assumed that it would be released at least into a public mainnet beta by the end of last year back when Segwit was activated, seems I was dead wrong. So the sky is falling because they're 2 weeks too late?
&gt; How did I contradict myself? Conveniently cutting out context doesn't help your case. &gt; &gt; they don't have the power you are simultaneously complaining they do have but then not use 1) You complain they didn't make a political deal. 2) You complain they have too much power. Both are obviously factual lies, but even if not: contradictory. But that's no surprise as trolls usually end up tying themselves up in their own web of lies. &gt; they held majority control in the public repo. Trolly may not understand, but spreading debunked lies doesn't make them true. &gt; they held majority control in the public repo. once they removed Gavin's access (which was a direct political move they executed), they had full control. Oh the whining... will it ever stop? Poor baby! You must be still stuck in grade one of troll class. &gt; They actually do employ a majority of core developers. Factually false and you know it, you're just adding to your lies.
No. It's undoable to expect everybody in the world to fully research each pile of shit laying on the road to see if there's a diamond ring in there. If it looks like shit it's probably shit: you instinctively walk around it without even looking. If only one person in the world does find a diamond ring in one it will be very easy for them to prove that and convince others and they'll come over to have a look. OP described one way to do that. Fact is: that hasn't happened since Bitcoin started. Even better in one example where an anonymous person did create a diamond ring, he was smart enough not to hide it in a pile of shit but directly show it to the community and it was picked up: mimblewimble.
Fucking facepalm. You can't be this stupid. SegWit is from around may 2015 or so. Rest of your post is bullshit too and makes it very clear you have no clue on how decentralized development even works. Suggesting making political compromises and all that. Pff. Look up some nullc posts on flextrans if you want to learn the endless factual technical flaws in it. Which makes anything political or offhand opinion ever said about it by anyone completely irrelevant. You're just repeating lies you picked up in your rbtc troll chamber. If you still haven't waken up to that reality by now it's getting pretty pathetic actually.
I didn't say nobody. She's great. And she knows what's stress taking about. She knows bitcoin. As far as I'm aware she not a dev or at least is not in that role at lightning.
Oh god one of those bluckchain experts. Nice of you to, again, tiptoe around (ignore) your contradiction part.
Sorry to see you fooled. It's anti-scientific dribble.
Sorry, it's too many facepalms just getting through the first few lines in the blog post. He really has no clue, he's been corrected hundreds of times of the years and he's still completely clueless about what the problem really is. Just saying stupid shit like "CPU time is irrelevant, trivial compared to transaction fees". Like WTF? Apples are blue, especially compared to price of sea shells! Like WTF is this guy even talking about?!
I'm not here to refine fud thank you very much. This phoney professor has been full of shit for years and is so butthurt from being corrected a thousand times yet he's still doubling down on the most basic misunderstandings. The first paragraph of the blog has at least 3 obvious flaws that already prove the whole research was flawed and politically motivated from the get go. He's searching for the wrong variables and incorrectly interpreting them to prove a predetermined conclusion. This is not science. This guy is a fraud.
It is nonsense. It ought to be dismissed. THAT is actually how science works. As opposed to the preconcluded collection of irrelevant and incomplete statistics. Fakers need to be called out lest they keep wasting everybody's time, or worse fooling people, over and over again.
So you don't see anything wrong with saying CPU time is irrelevant and then comparing it with something completely unrelated like fees? That one sentence simply proves he has no clue about major aspects of Bitcoin dealing with externalities, incentives and scaling. Bullshit does not deserve the benefit of the doubt.
SPV doesn't verify everything.
There's an option to let it rewind and re-validate fewer blocks on startup.
&gt; "CPU time is irrelevant, trivial compared to transaction fees" 1. It's blatantly false, CPU time is very relevant and only as good as it is thanks to the hard work of the people he's usually shitting on. And despite that hard work, it will continue to keep growing as the blockchain grows (even without larger blocks). 2. CPU has NOTHING whatsoever to do with fees. Fees go to miners, and they get paid to burn electricity anyway. But even then those miners may choose not to spend the CPU and not care. CPU is wasted by ALL full nodes. It's an externalized (NOT paid for by fees) cost that thus MUST be kept as close to 0 as possible, otherwise people will not bother. (Which is actually his hidden agenda: he doesn't want people to verify, he wants people to trust the central people he's working for, like Ver and Jihan). 3. Comparing CPU to fees is total apples to oranges that it's laughably stupid to begin with. That's just one of the grievous flaws in his first paragraph. It's too painful to try reading it again, I'm not going to bother. He a disgusting disgrace to science, even disregarding the stupidity he spreads on Bitcoin.
He didnt' register it, he bought it, likely for big bucks.
I had to do two double spends a few months ago because I fucked up and sent bitcoins to a shitfork address (of my own). Once I realized a few minutes later, I immediately tried to double spend with every wallet I could get my hands on. One of them actually succeeded. For the other one I was lucky that the shitfork was compatible enough that I could just import that private key into qt. I had also tried some tx accelerators around the web, but unfortunately they all refused. Thank you for Full-RBF !
False. And neither does RBF have anything to do with centralization, rather the opposite actually: it indicates competition.
Not uncalled for. He's on record (with others, like Ver) saying that full nodes are unnecessary and we should just trust miners. And not just saying that: claiming that's how Satoshi designed things and would have wanted it that way.
Nice finds. Well, you can keep wasting your time on giving him (and everybody like him) the benefit of the doubt, or you can start looking for people who have not lied and manipulated, yet can talk about Bitcoin in a consistent non-contradictory manner. Most of those people happen to have decades of track record in open source, science and/or all kinds of open and free (as in freedom) projects. I'm not saying those are requirements or guarantees, but it's a good starting point to find a foothold in this huge swamp of scammers, con artists and snake oil salesmen. Once you have a foot hold, you can build from there. BTW: I'm not saying you (or anyone) should trust me and never listen to/read his stuff. I'm just preparing you to be on the lookout for inconsistencies and falsehoods, and would advice that once you see those, don't wait too long switching to other sources. There are so many excellent sources out there that are worth your time.
Yeah true. I'm too lazy to keep a journal of references and links per person or project. I guess I should. Yes by "he" I did mean Emin. I only read the blog post, not the paper. If he was correctly describing the paper then the paper is bunk (and I've seen experts like Luke say as much). If he wasn't correctly describing the paper then I don't even know what to think anymore, but I'm certainly not going to take it serious. I advice you to read posts by luke-jr in this thread, and corresponding thread on the cesspool that is rbtc.
Funny how shitcoiners always say that shit. But they all have a different list. And they all have no clue about how stupid their list is. And yes even after your edit the list is still amazingly stupid.
In other words the last one does not have that property. You're not making it clearer.
You're the one claiming scam shit is not scam and has any value. So you're basically trying to scam others into buying shit. It's on you to justify things! You are making claims! But please don't do that here, because shitcoins are off topic anyway. Maybe you should ask yourself what is the fundamental difference between you putting eth on your list and putting iota on that list. One you already pulled off admitting it was shit. The other is exactly the same. Be honest now. Just don't answer here.
Possibly. I wouldn't be surprised actually. He also knows Emin's track record, better than me. And he knows Bitcoin better than me. Just like physicists don't waste their time on some random joker claiming to have cold fusion in a shoe box. Especially if it's the fifth time. &gt; quantifying something Judging from the blog post it's the wrong "something". Like research looking into how healthy smoking is because you spend more time outside in the fresh air. &gt; Anyway, what do you think about the observations made in the paper? :) Not going to waste my time on it. I have a backlog of actually interesting papers to read. Schnorr for example. And I still need to find time to play with LN. Do they even talk about how in Eth it's basically impossible to run a full node at all? Ethards are trying to let semi "trust me, it's ok" half nodes pass through as "full nodes"? I bet the paper doesn't mention that and simply blindly counts all nodes as full nodes. Or how hardly any node on Eth runs through Tor because why would you (and it's even more impossible to run a full node through Tor anyway), while in Bitcoin a very significant amount of full nodes are on Tor. Do they make the distinction between listening full nodes and non-listening full nodes? I doubt they're counting non-listening full nodes, especially when they're on Tor. Or did they adjust their definition of full node to require listening? Want more tricks (omissions) to skew numbers?
Only Bitcoin.
&gt; Just to be perfectly clear, I'm not trying to hype or sell any kind of alt-coin. I guess I kind of noticed, otherwise I wouldn't have bothered saying anything. &gt; These are software systems not religions. Actually quite a lot more than just a software system. Easily proven by the fact that you can take that software system today and start your own but it won't be worth anything. And although indeed not a religion, money is actually awfully close to a believe system in some respects. &gt; That doesn't mean that sticking your head in the sand is the right move. I can keep an eye out for interesting tech without buying into, let alone spreading, scams or otherwise hopelessly impossible goals. And the nice thing in practice is actually that all interesting tech (at least until now) has gravitated towards Bitcoin instead of the other way around. Even stuff that seemed hopelessly incompatible and in direct competition with Bitcoin, like MimbleWimble. It was welcomed with open arms.
There will be watcher services that you can practically anonymously outsource the task of watching the blockchain to. Even if you get kidnapped, they'll handle the punish transaction for you.
facepalm levels of gullibility detected.
Sounds like Ver and co.
You clearly don't understand SegWit as you're making 0 sense there.
I'm sure they'll do fine. And in a year from now any full node doing an initial block download can skip the majority of that 2.1MB, so they won't notice it either. SegWit for the win.
It makes consuming inputs roughly the same price as creating them. Pre-segwit, it was cheaper to create new UTXO's than to spend them, incentivizing wallets to do the wrong thing.
&gt; If you write a lightning app, that app needs to run somewhere. Someone needs to own and pay for the servers it runs on. You mean like the people that want to use the actual apps? By either running them locally (peer to peer) or through some service hosting providers (that can impossibly steal the money). You mean by not externalizing that cost by dumping their garbage on a blockchain? You mean one group of people that prefer App1 can use that and pay for that, while another group is free to use alternative App2 and use that, without getting fucked when App1 turns out to be dog shit insecure, blowing up the whole blockchain? Yeah shocker, those that use something should pay for it. And security needs to be layered and not intertwined. Opens your eyes, doesn't it? It's almost like Eth was a terribly dumb idea from the get go.
Because they're not decentralized.
Which makes it categorically better, as well as the only way to upgrade if there are people being anti-improvement just to fuck with you.
No. ASIC resistance is valueless.
Of course it's not.
Bullshit. ASIC resistance is just a buzz word trying to sell more to idiots that don't get it. Seems to be working pretty good too. ASIC resistance is not only impossible, it's also counter-productive and bad for incentives and security. It's not even something to want.
&gt; Its the only coin that will fork whenever Asics are rumoured to have been developed for their current algo. Sounds like a perfect opportunity for some frontrunning by its central overloads. &gt; Because people don't really care about decentrallisation is my guess. Oh you were suggesting vertcoin is decentralized, based on its asic resistance? lol
&gt; There are different consensus mechanisms besides just Proof of Work. Not ones that work. &gt; ASIC debates affect Bitcoin, but there are alternatives. ASICs affect ALL PoW and PoS and all whatever else coins. Except in practice they don't because none are even worth the effort.
Another special case to consider is 1to1 transactions. Clearly no change output there. But then sometimes it's just someone moving money (is that a "real"transaction?). Other times is someone sending to an exchange or otherwise transferring a whole utxo to save on fees.
They all are already. Whether LN will make people realise it is the question. For sure new alts will pop up that will feature LN. A lot are already claiming they will, but obviously that's just marketing buzz. Alts like bcrash will never have LN. They simply don't have the dev brain power to get anything done, not even copy/pasting.
You're clearly not getting it no.
Not just the node it's connecting to. The whole network.
Correct. Instantly, no need to wait for confirmation.
Giving in to fakenews factories just to not be seen as censoring...
That's your problem. You don't get to decide what other people want or don't want. Permissionless innovation and all that. If you want to be dictator, then yes, Bitcoin is not the coin for you. Money in Bitcoin is MORE locked up than money in LN, so whatever.
It's still easier and cheaper to just use VISA or Paypal.
Why have a coin at all? Why have a blockchain at all? Can't you see you are wasting huge resources and using a hopelessly inefficient system that only serves to make the initiators, some miners and a few scammers rich? Oh and you clearly don't have a clue on what properties are actually important: &gt; service &gt; faster &gt; cheaper &gt; market value Nor do you understand what scaling means.
&gt; will Means future... guess you don't understand language either.
Lol dude... you're so obviously full of brainwash you're a danger to your own wealth. Get out while you still can.
facepalm... I'm saying you can do without a blockchain and coin completely. You don't need alternatives. And clearly you have no clue what "safe" means.
Anyone who has been saying 1MB in the last year has been lying to you. Distrust everything else they've told you.
Certainly not irrelevant. That was an obvious choice and part of the risk you take whenever you do a trade. Very much reflected in the Bitcoin price at the time. Just because you trade in and out constantly doesn't free you from the risk of one or the other or both crashing to 0 overnight or otherwise disappearing.
Ver's Fake News Factory certainly claims such.
Correct. Goxcoins and Goxdollars/Goxyen. Goxdollars/yen presumably covered by Japanese law. Goxcoins an open question in that regard. Which is why everybody fled into Goxdollars in the last few days. But that does mean there is a definite choice that everybody got to make with every trade they did: do I want Goxcoins or Goxdollars? That choice included all kinds of factors like current and expected prices, including on other exchanges and the cost of withdrawing either BTC or USD. As well as the risk of the exchange going belly up and losing everything. If you trade without taking all that and more into account, then you're doing it wrong and can't blame anybody else for your choice.
I did. rbtc is one of the factory outlets. Although I'd very much advice against having a look.
Say hi to the flat earthers and intelligent design thumpers.
Explosive ones?
Not the day after he did one of the biggest insider trader heists in bitcoin history, i bet.
Yeah, I've heard the argument and I see the logic. Not sure I agree with it. I also think the kind of insider trading he was talking about was employees (high up or not) of those companies trading with better knowledge of how well/bad things are going with the company. The kind of insider trading we're talking about when we mention Ver and Bcash is the fundamentally worthless tokens having been created out of thin air, pumped with lies and false promises and then surprise released specifically timed by the exchange itself, to coincide with coordinated spam and DOS attacks. And again I'm willing to agree that all that isn't illegal and should be fine in a permissionless trustless unregulated system. But (1) that doesn't make Ver and coinbase any less than pure scumbags. I personally didn't expect anything less of them and haven't lost a penny because of it. But (2) I'm sure a lot of people have and because that money went to these assholes, who are now funded even better to do yet another attack on Bitcoin, making things worse for everybody. And then even if we agree to the unregulation of insider trading, it's still not fully unregulated: if it were, there would be (class action) death squads hunting down Roger right now. And Roger's troll armies would be actually armed. Many sides to this story, even if you fully agree with either Milton Friedman.
Except SegWit is the only way to fix malleability. Any malleability fix will result in what SegWit does. Except of course they'll introduce a fuck ton of bugs with it and make it a hard fork. There's no way in hell their dev is "talented enough".
Except he doesn't know what he's talking about.
What 1MB? Where 1MB? There's nothing 1MB in current Bitcoin.
No it doesn't.
When node 2 gets unbalanced it starts to raise its fee (in that direction, while reducing (even negative!) its fee in the other direction) and if you don't pay it you can't route through node 2 anymore. Then you can try a different route 1-4-3 or you're out of luck. Low or negative fees mean that someone else can jump in and very cheaply send money the other way (-3-2-1-) and then your attack is basically subsidizing cheap transactions for someone else So either you pay for all fees for opening and closing of all intermediate channels _plus_ your own two channels _plus_ some overhead and then everybody is happy. Or you don't pay. Either way your attack fails. The bucket analogy isn't too bad. Instead of one big pool of water it's more like a bucket with thousands of small randomly interconnected chambers in it (and no air bubbles). If you want to extract water from one side you have to push it in on some other side. The water flows whatever way it needs to.
... and Bitcoin is the clock.
Nobody claimed the bitcoin blockchain was scarce.
Because that'd mean they'd have to run malware.
Blocks _must_ be full to have a working system and a healthy fee market. But full doesn't mean you can't get in anymore, all you need to do is outbid others. And looking at it from the opposite side: there is infinite demand for cheap storage space, so non-full doesn't even exist unless you have unlimited block size. So in short "full" isn't even a word that really applies to blocks in a blockchain, unless you change its definition to be more useful and then blocks are either always full or never full. Stop obsessing over block size, you're looking at it all wrong.
lol No. Physics determines how much rocket fuel and oxygen you can pump into a rocket. Not the size of your pump or the supply of fuel. And practical reasons usually dictate that the actual physical limit can't even be reached. Hence you have a bit of margin that you can improve things through hard work. Again: you're welcome to work hard on that. That's what others are doing
At first I thought you were a poor ignorant kid needing a nudge towards the next rabbit hole. But nah, you've already made up your mind to not learn anything anymore and just become a dumb troll. Your loss. oh LMAO... I should have looked at your history sooner... obvious dumb fuck.
The comments are clearly rbtc showing off their bought gmail/youtube vote puppets.
Go listen to this, and be less of an ignorant noob: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MrGLraSiRZk
You're contradicting yourself. Clearly the block was accepted by the consensus hence it follows the rules of consensus. And yes, this proves that the rules do say random &lt;= 12.5.
Because the fees are already rock bottom at the moment. Indeed the savings are negligible now.
Unless I'm misremembering upnp is not enabled by default anymore? Due to security vulnerabilities in the library, i think.
I meant in bitcoind, sorry.
I meant in bitcoind, sorry.
Disgusting disinformation scammer.
Dude, stop doxing your parents. That is dangerous shit.
TBH All i see here is you being an asshole. Maybe you should just get a refund and go make your own wallet.
Blockstream. not blockchain. LN wasn't their invention. Some of the other stuff was already invented by individuals even before they formed Blockstream.
bullcrap
POS, Free Transactions, Token creation, Masternodes aren't actual problems, they're just nonsense. Privacy: No shitcoin solves this even remotely. Shiny brochures and unicorn promises don't count as "solve".
IOW it's not a good infographic if it makes you think that.
Except that there has been nothing exceptionally slow about bitcoin development, in fact it has been remarkably fast and it's only speeding up. Shitcoins on the other hand have achieved nothing whatsoever other than stalling bitcoin progress and uptake.
Lol... The one thing these idiots have been working on for 4 years since XT and still they can't get it to actually do the large blocks they promised?
To those that don't understand the first thing about scaling, i.e. bcashers.
Don't really understand what the point of claiming yet again is. The previous one was vetted by the court. Will the new one be as rigorous or is it to allow Ver and co to sneak in a false claim?
So you let yourself be scared by the FUD. Too bad. Well, see you back in a few years. Don't get suckered into shitcoins, that'd truly be a shame.
IOW friends of Mark (i.e. Ver and co) "forgot" that they had a claim for 10K BTC each and we'll be letting them make that claim now. They're friends, so they won't need to provide proof. On the meantime you plebs will have to do all the work again and dox yourself even further. We're not sure yet whether we'll give you another year to do that but we'll be sure to start paying out to the biggest debters soon. We'll promise to leave enough crumbs for you, don't worry.
Trustee should have dumped all shitforks as soon as they appeared. Those were free coins nobody had a claim to anyway and could have paid off the fiat debt.
Can you host it somewhere else too plz? That site has some weird spamwall.
So is the court stilll overseeing this and making sure Marc, but more importantly his scammer friends like Ver, don't get their greasy claws in there?
Not upset. Only have small stake. But I'd rather see it all burn than having Ver get his scammy claws near it.
It's good to step back from drama for sure. But if you think development is slow then you're just not paying attention or were expecting too much. The fact that scammers manage to promise golden unicorns within a year may make the real thing seem slow, but then again, the scammers have been promising that for 6+ years and haven't delivered anything.
Not too much worried about Mark atm. That could change, and "billions" is an immense incentive. It's common sense to remain sceptical of a random internet stranger on the other side of the world who has a billion dollar incentive to not do the thing he promised to do on reddit. I'm more worried about Ver and his buddies (like his Belgian buddy) who have already been trying to weasel their scammy claws into this honey pot before.
I was on mobile earlier. I got it on desktop (indeed with adblockers) now. Thanks.
LOL. Good one.
You're getting a new chance to claim.
Keep an eye on Ver and co weaseling their scammy fingers in between. He and his Bitcoin Foundation buddies have already tried. "Oooops, I lost the keys again...".
Everybody has to make a new claim soon. They have enough fiat now to pay all the fiat claims + BTC valued at $400something. A lot of Bitcoins remain that are supposed to be divided up among claimers. I don't know the details either, but keep an eye on mtgox.com and you might still have a chance on at least the last part.
Almost nobody owns bitcoins.
Tell those merchants to stop using Bitpay. Point them to LN (for small payments) or BTCpay for Bitcoin payments.
Blurkchain blurkchain
We're glad they finally split themselves off after years of whining and crying and sabotaging. There's no point in working together with blithering idiots.
You need to learn what POW is all about.
You are. Except it's the other way around: they have to spend less energy to produce the hash rate displayed in the graph than they would mining that hashrate on Bitcoin.
And yet all that still makes it surprising that so few coins have gone PoS. It's not like the "PoW" shitcoins live up to even a single of their promises either. They might as well add one more lie and do away with expensive mining.
&gt; he is now developing for Monero Lie. &gt; And he is known for mining alt coins. Lie. &gt; And Adam Back is failing to deliver a smooth transition from the first to the second layer. LOL. That's not his job or his promise. Yet still his company is (one of the many that are) delivering. &gt; Price is going down and more and more people are leaving Bitcoin for other coins. False and lie again. &gt; So I don't understand why this sub values these peoples opinions so much? Merit, honesty and intellect are valued over fake news and liars, like you. Only a dumbass wouldn't understand that.
That's an extremely dumb thing to say. It's literally impossible for tech posts to be made in amateur hour kindergarten fake news factory called rbtc. If you don't like rbitcoin then there are plenty other places where tech does get discussed. rbtc is not one of them. &gt; No one here discusses when/if blocks size has to increase Because there's zero reason or point in doing dumb shit like that. If you're still living in 2014, maybe you should educate yourself. Fake news does not do that.
FakeToshi wasn't early in crypto. He had to backdate and plagiarize a lot of articles to pretend he is.
Takes a bcash troll to get literally every single sentence wrong.
There are no versions of bitcoin that don't allow SegWit transactions. Soft fork.
\&gt; That's exactly what he's saying. &amp;#x200B; Almost. I know. &amp;#x200B; \&gt; your node will process the segwit transactions by default &amp;#x200B; That's not the same as "doesnt allow segwit", which is what he said.
Nothing stupid about facts. Also scammer Ver is taking them out of context.
Then why did "Roger and many of us" block for a year the only actual onchain blocksize increase that was possible and available? While FUDing like the ignorant scammers you are and trying to push your own braindead garbage down everybody's throats?
Omg when will you get your head out of your ass already?
Host is not dumb in general but definitely didn't understand anywhere near enough to push back and protect his audience from this scammer. He has had Andreas on as well, twice if i remember correctly. For whatever that's worth.
Because bitcoin (not "crypto") does things MasterCard doesn't and can't. As explained already this is out of context FUD by a known scammer, so why are you gullibily kneejerking and generalising to a whole community? Drama much?
Back to ... chasing the equilibrium, overshooting and undershooting many more times.
That's a pretty silly thing to say as he's clearly considering more angles than you are.
Etherium has been overpromising bullshit since its inception. You're still swallowing their sales crap?
Nice idea. It does change the issuance rate in mortals time (not in block time) so miners may not like it much and it will affect the difficulty so i guess it would need to be done gradually. It also increases variance btw, which favours centralised miners. So i doubt you can take it to extremes like 24h. 30 minutes would give us the 300kB blocksize like wants with reduced orphan rate, yet higher variance... (Edit: 70 minutes with SegWit i guess)
You do know that you're saying that you are not a seasoned trader, right?
Sounds like you're playing word games with very weird made up definitions. You should be clearer in what you're asking. Future to be mined new coins are known and fixed exactly. Miners will earn more though thanks to fees. Historically lost coins are totally irrelevant to this.
The compromise is certainly not with "easy of transaction". It's cute to promise people free or cheap transactions but the universe doesn't give a fuck what people promise each other. &amp;#x200B; The compromise will involve average fees per block. &amp;#x200B; Also what "works now" is not that relevant either. Btrash "works now" too. Well, maybe not btrash. Some other shitcoin then.
Again: low fees is not a goal. The level of the fees is the aggregate output of market forces. The goal is to design the system such that such a market has a stable attractor within bounds that guarantee decentralization as well as security against 51% attack. Miners need to be incentivized "enough" and in such a way that they stay decentralized. Whatever the fee ends up being is irrelevant. If it turns out to be too high for you, then you leaving is your signal to the market that you don't value decentralization that much.
Lol, with "some small trades a few days ago" making him jump to grandiose statements like "A seasoned trader knows when to buy and sell"?
Agreed.
Good luck on your exams and beliefs. &amp;#x200B; If you're in it for totally different reasons, then surely you know that whatever those reasons result in will not make eth worth anything. That cute product may be worth something to the company that builds and exploits it, but not for a second are they bound to eth nor the tokens held by random idiots all over the world.
Not really because you lose some of the safety that the words provide. Besides, you only need the first 4 characters per word anyway.
False and irrelevant.
btrash was always worthless. Glad those suckers paid part of the sale that now covers the bankruptcy.
Because he's an irrelevant scammer.
Trying to sell simulated quantum computers. And a thousand things since then.
LOL... some gullible fools... amazing.
Not saying you have to, but you don't need to be a developer to do things on GitHub.
This. It's so fucking easy even if you don't understand any of the technicals. Stupid people... sigh... Darwin just isn't fast enough.
Talking about GitHub, not git.
In 2013.
You make yourself sound pretty stupid. Try again once you have some basic understanding.
Despite being monero podcast this is mostly about bitcoin and of course Andrew does a great job. If nothing else listen to the last 5 minutes or so.
Sore btrash victim. Sorry for your loss buddy boy.
Good podcast. Thanks.
In case you're not trolling: stop listening to idiot trolls. Miners voting for 2x is completely utterly irrelevant. SegWit was a blocksize and efficiency increase, which still has plenty of stretch in it. Many other past and future improvements have and will further decrease transaction sizes. Surely anyone would agree making transactions smaller is better than increasing the blocksize.
Batching has actually had a much bigger impact on efficiency than SegWit. Most larger consumers of block space are now way more efficient combining many transactions and those are exactly the parties that drove the fee up last time (other than spammers). &amp;#x200B; But then again: fees will have to go up, otherwise Bitcoin is doomed. So if you're expecting free transactions for everybody forever, then again: you're listening to trolls and scammers too much.
Better get your head out of Ver's ass. You're clearly clueless. Seriously, if you are still, after this many years of bigblockers being proven wrong and retarded on all imaginable counts, believing these FUD conspiracy theories then what are you even doing here talking about Bitcoin?
Litecoin is most certainly a scamcoin. Being one of the first scamcoins doesn't make it not a scamcoin.
Cause it's a scam. And off topic here.
lol... gullible fool. It's not faster nor cheaper. It's snakeoil bullshit pumped with false promises, a premine and exit scam.
4MB / 10 minutes = 53.3333333 kbps Seems plenty. &amp;#x200B; For sending a few transactions there are plenty of other ways, including SMS, satphone or sneakernet.
Seeing some of your recent posts, you're not showing much knowledge of the subject nor respect for people that do. Might wanna tone it down a bit.
Equally dumb.
First rule of survival: stay away from all shitcoins.
So can a lottery but at least that is kind of fair. Shitcoins are completely rigged against you, only the top of the pyramid insiders get rich. It's extremely stupid.
Nah. Btrash and co, in their infinite stupidity, opted not to do SegWit. Without SegWit LN is not just a copy paste job but requires a lot of actual engineering to even get it to a crippled version of what real LN is. These shitcoins don't have a single dev that could come close to having the skills to even dream of attempting to do that. Also LN-over-shitcoin requires LN nodes willing to be a bridge exchanging bitcoin for shitcoin. I can't imagine anyone willing to part with their bitcoins only to get stuck with shitcoin dust unless for a very favourable exchange rate (ie shitcoin price pushed down).
Supply and demand. You're free to run a node with a higher fee rate. A better way to increase your income is to increase the number of transactions your node facilitates (back and forth). A small fee times thousands is still nice. Partly this will happen automatically as the network and usage grow. Partly this means you have to create channels wisely.
Supply and demand. You're free to run a node with a higher fee rate. A better way to increase your income is to increase the number of transactions your node facilitates (back and forth). A small fee times thousands is still nice. Partly this will happen automatically as the network and usage grow. Partly this means you have to create channels wisely.
Yes it is. Shitcoins like eth aren't. Those are actually extremely dumb contracts. Wasting space and resources and getting hacked all the time. For no benefit at all over just a centralised database.
Now you're just parroting dumb shit. Don't listen to Roger Ver and idiots.
He was talking about chains of transactions, not just mutually exclusive alternatives.
LN was possible without SegWit and LN is just permissionless innovation that you can't stop anyway. So, no, not liking LN is not a reason at all.
That doesn't sound true. Mempool will not have double spending transactions even if they have different txid.
LN was "invented" before SegWit was actually announced. It's possible but more cumbersome and more susceptible to DOS when opening a channel. Also more complex to dev, but since btrash devs are way out of their depth already anyway, that doesn't matter much. Btrashes (yes bch) malleability "solution" is a complete joke that hardly fixes anything and is clearly an amateur response to the realisation that they fucked up being against SegWit but too butthurt to admit it.
Too bad. Bitcoin can't work without full blocks. Network effect means a shitload more than just a simple number of users though.
The blocksize debate indeed never was about size. I've been through that debate and that was already pretty clear back in the XT and Unlimited days. This guy was perhaps not around during that debate or still doesn't get it. Either way no harm in reminding him and squashing misunderstandings before they grow into fud.
&gt;The direction of payment channels inside Lightning Network is bidirectional (funds are stored into two parties). Whut? &gt;Lightning Network was first proposed as a scaling solution for Bitcoin, but different cryptocurrencies – such as Stellar, Litecoin, Zcash, and Ripple – have been working on and developing the technology further. Except... NOT. &gt;**Centralization of System Through Lightning Hubs:** The biggest issue with Lightning Network is that its architecture will naturally transit towards a centralized structure controlled by ‘*Lightning Hubs*’. Bull crap. &gt;2. Users do not need to worry about having enough balance in their open channels Bull crap. &gt;Additionally, there is a risk of theft in the system. This entire structure is similar to the banking system, which is ironic considering Bitcoin was created to provide an alternative to the banking system. Does the bull crap ever stop? &gt;**Low Success Rate for Large Payments:** A current limitation of Lightning Network (in beta mode) is the low successful rate (1%) for transactions above $200. These findings seem to indicate that LN is currently focused towards micro-transactions and it is not yet ideal for sending large payments. No shit sherlock. Not just "focussed" it's fucking "designed" that way. &gt;**Less Transparency:** A core benefit that blockchain has enabled is full transparency, which means all transactions can be verified and accessed by anyone on a trustless network. Bull crap. Transparency is only required to make sure there's no double spending and no inflation. That is perfectly maintained with LN. Any further transparency merely damages fungibility. Also: this contradicts the (also wrong) paragraph on centralized KYC/AML hubs FUD. So which is it? All in all very low quality blog post littered with misunderstandings and FUD.
You misunderstood. BCash was also sold.
BCash is a scamcoin, obviously it will be sold off to zero. The scammers just want it to last as long as possible, so it might be a while (basically until the world runs out of idiots).
Learn what bitcoin is and how to use it before ordering other people to waste their time on your ignorance.
Right. I missed the context I guess.
So we ditch LN to avoid interacting with the base layer?
Like the breakingbitcoin.com conference happening right now?
Not new though. As he linked to in the presentation himself: Trezor has always known about it since its inception.
Was that before or after the segwit2x hostile takeover attack that you supported wholeheartedly? Or are you just conflating the two to whitewash that history?
So you were told not to and yet you keep pushing scams, shit and lies anyway? You \_want\_ to get banned?
Stay away from bitcoin,com. It's a total scam.
no you didn't. You suggested buying bcash crap on a scam website. Stay away from scams and certainly don't push them here.
We don't need the kind of adoption that leaves again after getting sucked dry by scammers. We also don't need the adoption of idiots that believe Bitcoin promised them gold shitting unicorns but then doesn't deliver. Ver already onboarded way too many of those suckers.
Generally good podcasts by this guy. What Bitcoin Did.
Furthering the myth that Satoshi owns a million coins...
Actually pretty ambiguous, he says "up to 4 million lost. SN accounts for 1 of those" "they're locked up" "likely never move". Either way: "SN owns 1 million" is a persistent myth based on some guess work that many experts don't agree with. Yet it's presented and repeated as undisputed fact. As in this video. People need to stop that nonsense. It's a sign of bad/lazy research.
It's quite plausibly only a few blocks. The million is just nonsense, rounded up or down is irrelevant. And "can't know for sure" is no reason to throw random numbers around. \&gt; I suspect Satoshi destroyed the private keys Another thing you can impossibly know, so why bother speculating and suspecting? \&gt; "pre-mined" bitcoin None were premined. That's what the newspaper reference was for and the fact that the early difficulty was so low that hours went by without any blocks at all proves that Satoshi showed plenty restraint in mining himself.
\&gt; claims to save something like 90% of the traffic. Indeed. And now you know that is a complete and utter lie, aimed at scamming newcomers into buying their garbage.
One day old troll account displays his ignorance to the world.
Utter and utter garbage too. Random quotes from in between the places where my brain hurt too much from reading incomprehensible drivel: &gt;Craig Wright (\*26) (this is the point where people stop reading and get angry) has a long list of credentials and certifications in this field. The list is not only impressive, it’s just unbelievable how much a single person can achieve in a single lifetime. (\*27) (\*28) &amp;#x200B; &gt;One of the social media battlegrounds was Reddit. Speaking about reddit, wasn’t that the thing Aaron Swartz co-founded. Isn’t this also the favorite online hang-out of Greg Maxwell, the place where he likes to talk to one of his many sock poppets? (\*61) (\*62) He must have spent the equivalent of a full time job on Reddit considering how much he (or his sock puppets) posted about Craig Wright. Why would anyone care to devote so much of their lives just to destroy another man. A person would only do such a thing if it was personal. If not personal, you would simply ignore and let it go. Not Maxwell, he cares about it, very much. Maybe because he believes Craig has involvement with the arrest of his buddy Aaron Swartz and holds him accountable for his death? From the language used I would not be surprised at all if Craig himself wrote this, and then had one of his henchmen fix the worst typos and grammar mistakes. Pathetic.
CSW garbage not worth a second of your life.
Not sure if you reported the post, it might have helped us see and remove this earlier.
Yes, and that makes the lie only more egregious and obvious: * it's 90% of unoptimized (where Bitcoin was already optimized to 85% or whatever) AND * it's 90% of HALF of the total AND * they make a trade off where they screw up the latency (which is the more important metric in this context) AND * they claim it to be their own genius idea and code, while it was ripped from old (already abandoned because inferior) some core dev's experimental repos AND * their implementation has a vulnerability that allows an attacker to make their entire optimization moot. So they deliberately lie about how good (bad) their product is and about how it's optimizing the wrong thing. It's easy to lie with statistics but once you see through that, it makes it easy to see that they're deliberately deceiving you, so you know to never ever trust anything from their mouths again (hence my post). Of course this was by no means the first time either. They do exactly this over and over again, so most people knew this years ago. But then their target audience is of course newcomers with fresh money to swindle. The sooner those realize the deceit, the better. Again: hence my post.
1) Ban evasion means permanent reddit wide ban. 2) If you want people to take you seriously and not get your posts removed, maybe you should start putting some effort into writing something that is not completely incomprehensible dribble. I've seen troll bots that produce better sentences than you.
Thank you.
Although i applaud dumping shitforks in any manner possible as to make the scammers pay as much as possible and have their scam collapse to zero asap; people need to realize the privacy implications of this. Bad but possibly also some good. If many people do this together it creates a bit of a coin join effect with some plausible deniability and a break in the assumption that coins spent together are always owned by the same entity. Not sure whether the good outweighs the bad here.
Do you have something prepared where you can quickly scan addresses for all forks? I know one of the fork sites offered such a service once.
I assume you know [https://forkdrop.io/](https://forkdrop.io/) Wtih everybody having already dumped bch, the value of the remaining forks combined is way below 1%. You need really big UTXOs to make that worthwhile. I already dumped all my forks when they were still worth something (thank you for your money, scammers) and I don't have UTXOs big enough to do the rest. Quoting someone else: &gt;Use your address with this site [http://www.findmycoins.ninja/](http://www.findmycoins.ninja/) through a vpn to remain private. Also check out [/r/BitcoinAirdrops](https://www.reddit.com/r/BitcoinAirdrops/) seeking for valuable information regarding your topic. I'll probably not contact you on telegram. Not worth my time and privacy.
Don't listen to the scammer. It's shit. Just like all other shitcoins.
Bull hist. Bcash can't even manage to stay afloat, let alone scale. They increased the limit (which is not scaling at all) but have empty blocks because it's useless. Also: Bitcoin did and is continuing to scale on chain, just smarter and at a safe pace, as well as scaling on other layers.
&gt;New hardware is more efficient so less of it, and less electricity, is required to produce the hashrate. That's still a security improvement. If only the attackers have the newer hardware because honest miners don't upgrade, then that's bad.
Not by r/bitcoin admin as far as i can tell. Looks like whole user was deleted. Deletedreddit not working for me either. --May well have been fake.-- seems legit to me.
Thanks! Informative.
and convicted criminal.
Nothing from your nonsense post is from the "source" you provide. You're just rambling incoherently.
LOL... "or Ethereum full node".. writer clearly doesn't have a clue.
Note that the word "node" here has a different meaning than what is typically called a node in bitcoin context. You are actually free to spin up a million bitcoin nodes and pow does not intend to stop you. Also: "simple random"... Yes, but where do you get that randomness from? And how do all nodes agree on that randomness? Answer: you're back to square one.
The one where the order of the transactions is different. And that's a problem in situations where spending the same money to multiple different destinations is not supposed to be allowed.
Downvote. there is no 1mb limit.
Bzzz. Processing (hashing) power ONLY determines what the consensus on the order of transactions is. NOT on what the rules (like block size limit) of the system are.
Don't talk bs. Replace by fee did not create that, that was always the case and inherent to the bitcoin design. If that were not a thing we wouldn't need a blockchain and bitcoin in the first place.
Guess he didn't see it as you used capital U. You can also use the report button and other mods may see it too.
That's actually not that important. Wouldn't even make sense if it did. What is important is a healthy supply/demand market for block space where people in a hurry pay a premium and others wait a bit longer. Neither should massively overpay, which currently happens a lot and causes the erretic fee spikes. Stable predictable fee levels. Once that's there everybody can decide for themselves whether their use case is important enough to pay those fees or either wait longer or use alternative layers. Cheap is nice, but only as long as decentralised. Fee level and even block size are not parameters we can pick and choose. We can only do our best with what the universe gives us.
It's also a nickname that a particularly nasty scammer gave to himself already. Andreas certainly should NOT be associated with that scammer.
Indeed. Fixed.
Sorry, missed a "not".
Exactly. For me it was actually fortunate that Ver called himself that, as that automatically meant I didn't trust him at all. Very useful when you're new to this space. TBH I'm always amazed that people fall for such simple conmen. Doesn't the bible warn for false prophets and all that shit?
That's OP being an idiot. Bitcoin Jesus is actually the nickname scammer Roger Ver gave himself many years ago. Indeed not just ironic, but a dead giveaway that he was and is a scammer. Andreas has nothing to do with that name and actively tries to stop people calling him that.
Indeed. Only scammers like being called that.
No. He's not Bitcoin Jesus. That's just OP being stupid. Bitcoin Jesus is actually the nick name of one of the biggest scammers in this space. Andreas is an early and active Bitcoin with very visionary talks. But, just like any human, many of his ideas are mistaken, but also evolving over time as his understanding grows.
&gt;This literally is "the end justifies the means". Explain yourself. He just explained the exact opposite to you and you're not making any sense with this random accusation and selective out of context quoting.
He didn't just mention him, he thanked him.
&gt; He was also on the right side in the fork wars (anti Bcash, anti-segwit2x). I wouldn't call that an achievement. Only complete idiots (and scammers fleecing those idiots) weren't.
Sounds like you're trying to whitewash the history of a horribly bad person, much worse than Gavin, Hearn and faketoshi put together. I've never ever heard of the guy and I've been in bitcoin for 7 years.
Voorhees definitely failed that test yeah. But he was a bad actor long before, just more slippery than other scammers like Ver. Funny how he still to this day tries to whitewash his involvement and keeps claiming it was a good thing and "thanks to him" we now have SegWit.
Indeed, I shouldn't say I was outspoken clear on him yet. I basically wasn't on anyone back then, as I had only been in the space for a few years which was (for me) not enough to really know who's who. Call me open minded, naive or just plain slow. But yeah, the fork wars (and preceding big block fuckery) definitely sped up that process for me, quickly making it clear to me who the idiots or dishonest manipulators were. And what a relief that was, not having to waste brain cells on them anymore. \&gt; These days he's actively having Twitter fights with Nick Szabo. How times have changed ... Talks the talk, but doesn't walk the walk. Very disappointing indeed.
You mean to falsely associate their scam with something "good" in order to appear more legit? Makes sense, but still totally irrelevant and off topic.
\&gt; Yes, you can say that *now*. Retrospectively, and with 0 skin in the game, the prevailing narrative of history "makes sense" to you. False. I had said it for years by the time the split happened. And the second it was possible to put my money where my mouth was, I did. 100% all in. Look at the charts to see how much I've regretted that. And again: I wouldn't call that an achievement.
Thank you.
&gt; All the good marketers left with the fork. Lying scumbags making false promises of golden unicorns to ignorant suckers, selling them outright counterfeit coins and leaving us with the blowback of "bitcoin is not as free and mooing as quick as I was promised it to be". Yeah great marketing, we really lack that... NOT.
Also wrong. Clearly the block size limit changed: block ARE bigger. Signatures are *not removed* from transactions. Transactions *are* a little bit smaller (with BECH32) but not because the signature are removed, because they're not. Block size limit *is* completely gone. In its place is a block *weight* limit of 4M. Old pre segwit clients can receive block data where signatures of segwit transactions are stripped out and, thanks to how the weighting works, this is guaranteed to result in a block smaller than 1MB, making it valid to those old nodes.
What team 1MB? Blocks are obviously bigger than 1MB.
yeah... block SIZE see the post you replied to. You know, the table. **Size KIB:** 2,331.632 2,331.632
Dominance is the dumbest metric ever. It's the sum of an infinite number of infinitely manipulated market caps vs 1 market cap. And even market cap itself is already a pretty dumb metric in most cases where it's used, for the same reason. The fact that you even bring up dominance says a lot tbh.
Because in real life you also balance your portfolio between the state lottery, the bully next door, the drug addict down the street, the fortune teller, the mob extortionist, the slow machine, the donation box for your local corrupt politician, the flat earth society and every Nigerian scammers in your inbox? Your bullcrap about "leader and the next one" is about a revolutionary experiment vs counterfeit snake oil.
Pretending snake oil is science is also what history is littered with. Science is exactly the way to cut through that bullshit, but of course the snake oil quacks claim to be doing science and then suckers fall for that. \&gt; The idea that a "distributed, uncensorable database" would only be of use for money and never everything else is quite sad but anyway thanks for your comment... The blockchain ONLY works BECAUSE it has valuable tokens (i.e. money) and nothing else embedded in it. Your whitewashing of pure scams only hinders actual science.
Working hard to get onto that picture, eh?
You've lost it all dude. Your money, your dignity, your reputation, your brain cells as well as reality...
Objective fact to someone who doesn't have the first clue what scaling means. Nor decentralization. Like "flat" is an objective fact to a flat earther. Yes, it's literally that stupid. But don't worry, I'm not complaining. Just laughing.
Best answer I've ever seen to such a question! :)
It's already the best in existence and will get a huge boost from these updates. Maybe you don't understand what smart contracts are about. Hint: it's not storing perpetual garbage on a blockchain.
\&gt; What makes you say that? His flawed idea of what smart contracts are. Smart contracts are between peers and only use the blockchain as the ultimate judge to enforce the contracts. Dumb contracts dump every detail of every single contract state change onto a blockchain. He thinks dumb contract shit like eth is smart.
How much of the work did you do?
Bitcoin's top journalist interviewed. By interviewer here: https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/emqjg6/bitcoins_prehistory_and_the_cypherpunks_with/
Bitcoin's top journalist interviewed.
Eth is and always a scam, so it's completely impossible to predict anything about it. Other than that it will go to 0 while the scammers will be more and more desperate to come up with schemes to pump it. Like attacking bitcoin and setting up take websites like bitcoin.con and nakamoto.con
Follow people on their merit. Don't follow symbols that get sold and rented out to scammers.
/facepalm....
Don't link to scam sites plz.
Claims to coins on an exchange are not hodling. And most likely you don't have right to the bcash and other crap. Not you keys, not your coins, not your dividends.
Keep thinking maximalist means the straw man that you think it does and keep falling for scams.
Wtf is that red dot in the right diagram?
\&gt; Because centralization is about where the rules are. Nope. It's about who enforces the rules. Gravity is also decentralized. There is no sun god that specifies the rules, let alone change them mid-game or applies them selectively. \&gt; With a decentralized system everyone has different rules, Nope. Different rules just means they're different and incompatible systems, either can be centralized or decentralized. \&gt; Here's a diagram of Bitcoin as it fits into the types of systems And that diagram is totally wrong. Best unfollow that spreader of FUD by strawmen and educate yourself before furthering more falsehoods yourself.
Which thus makes the diagram and thus most likely the whole article invalid.
Lightning Network itself is Bitcoin, hence can't use it for any other tokens. If you want to offer a service where you buy/sell USDT through lightning payments, then that's fine and you don't need to ask permission from anyone. Making it trustless or getting people to trust you is your own problem then.
Indeed, so then you can build a bridge between the Bitcoin Lightning Network and the USDT on Liquid, like I said basically. As far as I'm aware that doesn't exist yet, but it might not be far off. I'm guessing it would be possible in an atomic swap fashion because Liquid probably play ball with that and at least that part would then be trustless. You're still trusting someone to give you USD when you want to get rid of those USDT, but yeah that would work.
\&gt; We just talk about collections of things and how they behave mathematically. Yeah that's funny and all, but rules in any man made system need to be enforced somehow, and within the domain man uses said system. You're talking about a boxing match where one person can suddenly pull out a gun and shoot the other. There's no point in the boxing match and its rules at all if illegal things aren't enforced as such. So in the real world a boxing match has extra layers of protection around it that go way beyond the boxing rules themselves. All the way to ending up in jail or death row when you shoot your opponent. The only thing the word (de)centralization describes is WHERE that enforcement takes place. If the teacher in a kindergarten playground has to pull aside a bully and punish them, then that's centralized. If the other kids simply ignore the bully and not play with him anymore, then that's decentralized. And if that bully pulls a gun, then you have a problem. One of the challenges for Bitcoin is to make sure there is no possibility that such a gun can ever be created. \&gt; doesn't need to be a human, or other super-powered individual "enforcing" the rules. Those would be centralized yeah... the third option is EVERYBODY enforces the rules and simply ignores everybody not playing by those rules. Hence decentralized. Your made up and flawed definitions of "centralized" / "decentralized" aren't even addressing the correct dimension. \&gt; centralized (shared) False again. "Shared" has nothing to do with "(de)centralized". The picture in your head is way too simplified and is missing important dimensions. Also: the rules were not centrally determined. Satoshi made a proposal of a set of rules from a limited space of possible sets of rules and there's a voluntary consensus by people that decide to follow and enforce those rules. They can change their mind whenever they want (and many have) and the rules can change (and have multiple times already). \&gt; predictable, and controllable. predictable is not necessarily controllable. \&gt; A decentralized system is a chaotic No. Those two words are completely unrelated. \&gt; where there don't appear to be shared/central rules False. Bitcoin definitely appears to (and does) have rules and those definitely are enforced. I don't think there's anything chaotic about Bitcoin, other than that you can't predict which transactions humans (or machines) are going to be making in the future, so talking about predictability of the system in that manner doesn't even make sense. I'd say if Bitcoin rules are chaotic, then by definition it will have failed because one day it will shoot away from its stable region and fly out of the solar system. \&gt; that arises unpredictably. False. It's damn hard to create the rules such that a stable system emerges. Possibly impossible (in that case the Bitcoin experiment will fail), but the arising itself is not impossible to predict. Satoshi did and, at least for the short term, was proven correct. Some tweaks were made and it looks promising for the future. Whether the experiment really succeeds, only time can tell.
Well, I guess I was a little strict with my definition. Other systems can implement their own Lightning networks and then some nodes may decide to be bridge nodes between multiple systems: receive BTC on one channel and send out USDT on another. If enough such bridge nodes exist, I guess you could call the whole thing one big Lightning Network. But I wouldn't do that if we're talking about straight up USDT, because that side of the network can never be fully trustless. I was just reminded about USDT on Liquid, which does indeed get close. Except the only thing they can guarantee is that you have USTD on Liquid. They can't guarantee that you can actually do anything with those USDT (like convert to USD). For that you still have to trust other parties again (including the FBI and IRS and banks and corrupt senators). Also see my other reply. \&gt; My opinion about code is that the only limit is our own mind. There's always the laws of nature that form some sort of limit. For example it's because of the speed of light that we even need Bitcoin to be this complex at all. But yeah, that still leaves a pretty big unexplored space.
Obviously anybody is free to implement the protocol on their own tokens. Tokens are definitely required to use LN and a decentralized system is required especially to settle disputes onto. As long as those tokens and the system aren't decentralized there's little point spending the effort to do so. Other than marketing to pump the scam. I don't consider Litescam to be decentralized. Like I said, people are definitely free to run bridge nodes between networks and assume the risk of ending up holding bags of the (possibly scam) tokens in those other networks. As long as I can get my payment across, I don't care what nodes in between do with each other. I can for example imagine some friends/companies/banks running LN nodes and then having "tunnels" between their nodes where they can forward payments using each others' nodes while promising to net settle the difference in another way at some other time. I guess I can be persuaded to call the whole thing combined one big Lightning Network. At least the lines blurr on what's inside and what's outside. For now I'll stick with "LN on Bitcoin" and "LN on Litescam" (if that exists at all) with possibly some bridge nodes.
As far as I'm aware it's not a coin at all. It's just a representation of USD stored in some bank account that some exchanges list and allow deposits/withdrawals in, in a similar fashion to coins. Yes, it requires full trust in those exchanges (to actually have the USDT non-fractionally) as well as full trust in the holder of the bank accounts that actually hold the USD, as well as those banks, as well as the FBI not seizing those bank accounts as well as corrupt senators not making phone calls to those banks to seize those accounts (like they did with Wikileaks). So yeah... pretty shit all in all. But at the same time, only marginally more shit than having money in your own bankaccount or the bankaccount of some exchange. At least with USDT you don't have to do red-flag-raising bank transfers to get fiat from one exchange to the other. At least putting USDT onto Liquid eliminates a few of those shittynesses. And on the flipside: as long as things do not blow up, USDT does provide a huge service to Bitcoin as a whole by making the market more integrated, liquid and mature, causing much more stable price discovery and a smaller spread for people actually buy/selling BTC. All in all I don't know whether to like or dislike USDT, I've certainly never used it myself. But I can understand why Blockstream would be open to having it on Liquid. Liquid is a service that can deal with any token, it's up to whoever creates the tokens and their users to decide whether those tokens existing is worthwhile or not. Funny btw how the reverse does make things clear: if you do NOT want your tokens on Liquid, then those tokens by definition only exist to pump in value and scam ignorant newcomers into buying those worthless tokens. Token not on Liquid -&gt; scam. Token on Liquid: maybe scam. Either way it's permissionless innovation for Blockstream to develop Liquid and anchor it on Bitcoin.
You've said nothing other than the same fallacy over and over. You jump from "rules are enforced" to "thus centralized". You really can't see how completely unrelated those two things are? Tell me how kindergartners enforcing social rules by all ignoring a bully and refusing to play with him, has anything whatsoever to do with being centralized? Just repeating your private conclusion, based on misunderstandings and flawed logic, is not going to make it true. It's also not how debates work, so I'm done here. I've proven you completely wrong with one counter argument, which is all I need (and I gave two already). That means you go back to do your homework until you find a new theory that we can test. That is how honest debates work. \&gt; It would be meaningless if the creation and allocation of a money system wasn't regulated heavily. Another leap for a conclusion that does make no sense at all and has nothing to do with the situation before it. Make sure to do your homework on that too before coming back.
Yeah I realized more and more that you are clearly using the wrong definitions. But even then I can't believe that you are actually using your own definitions correctly even in your own field. I imagine you're talking about a swarm of independent drones that fly according to the same set of shared rules, which was centrally defined. But then each individual in a flock of birds also flies using the same set of rules, which is shared but obviously NOT centrally defined. If you want to pretend to sounds sciency, you should know not to apply definitions from one field blindly to another, let alone generalize them to apply to everything. And you should probably tell your field to update their definitions because, if they are what you say they are, they're simply insane. I still don't believe they are what you say they are though. I find it much more likely that you are misunderstanding them there too.
It's proof that work was done. The name is actually exceptionally good. Somebody spent a lot of work and everybody else can very easily verify that indeed it must have cost them a lot of work.
Instant confirmations is one.
Asymmetric doesn't mean non-circular. Circular is what's relevant here. And if you zoom out far enough it actually becomes symmetric too.
They're, basically by definition, on par once you factor in all extra expenses and time and risk. And that's only when you're in a place where electricity is cheap and you can get your hardware delivered and operate them relatively safely.
Don't go there. Cloud mining is scam, period.
Because it's not r/generalcrypto and certainly r/dumbshitscams so keep it on topic or go elsewhere.
But maybe running in the hamster wheel is beneficial for humanity as a whole because it gets shit done? Or at least to the country those people are in, so they can defend against invasions or go out conquering their neighbors. Even if it sucks for the individuals.
Not saying I think it's good, nor that those extreme examples are any good at all. But sometimes I worry that the chasing of the inflationary carrots that we all do is what drives most of the economic activity and progress luxury (at the extreme cost of enriching and empowering beyond believe the centralized few that get to control the carrots). Maybe that progress slows down to a trickle when inflation stops. Then again, the current levels of activity are also destroying the planet, so it has to stop some way. Best bet is getting rid of the centralization, I guess.
Oh you mean like you saying scamcoin X was $190 last night and you should have bought it. Yeah, real fucking fundamental. But oh yeah hiding behind "censorship!" like a crybaby because you're not allowed to pump your bullshit scams in a place where they are clearly totally off topic even if they weren't outright uninteresting scams. Grow up, kid.
Possibly because it's an infinite amount of work since there are infinite scams. It will also result in endless discussions about boring minutia of things that are already off topic anyway.
Why would someone working hard, on scamming people and destroying bitcoin, not be hated?
Who is them? The subject here is Roger Ver aka scammer jesus.
Nice job swirling around the point and again hide like a crybaby. Just make sure you discuss those $190 fundamentals elsewhere where they are not off topic.
Yeah sure. Good luck with your studies.
Agreed with all that. And still I wonder if some scientific/technological progress would not have happened if only a few rich people could afford certain goods and then because of the low demand there's no innovation and optimization.
That's \_always\_ possible with 0-conf. RBF or not.
You need to start working on LN support then. On chain will not last and you will be scammed.
Interesting. Have to let it sink in. Will watch some more later. Appreciate your patience. Still sticking to my point though: this definition of centralized is not the one that is relevant to whether Bitcoin is it or not. The goal of Bitcoin's decentralization is to avoid having a dictator, banker or politician (or group thereof) that have their hands on the knobs and can steer/control the system. Whether there is, as you call it, a centralized set of rules at the heart of bitcoin or not is irrelevant to bitcoin's decentralization: as long as that rule set is well known, verifiable and not a human. 3blue1brown
Nope.
There will always be people that maneuver themselves into a position of larger wealth, legitimately or not. Wealth not only depends on the money system but also on things like law, luck, skill, criminality, etc. Sure, rich people can only spend each btc once, which is a lot better than the fractional reserve and inflation leverage they get today, but there are many other ways rich people tend to stay rich (and not all of them are bad). Still fully agree with you that I think it should be a huge boost in making things fairer for those situations.
&gt; The miners, high-quantity Bitcoin owners, node runners, and developers are the central authorities controlling it, though. Which is something folks seem to like to ignore. Nope. Only full nodes runners do. Some miners and devs and "rich" people (hopefully) also run full nodes (and they should!), so they get some say that way. But not just by mining or developing or sitting on a stack of coins. And note that the "say" that they do have is asymmetric: they can reject invalid stuff quite easily, but accepting something that is considered invalid by others is \_very\_ hard: that would require consensus on a rule change up front in order to make the invalid thing valid first (hard fork). That's why it's so important to keep those full nodes as light and easy and cheap to run as possible. Otherwise only the rich can run them and that would be centralized, which invalidates the above paragraph. That's also exactly what scams like bcash happily ignore completely and they misinform people by claiming it's for example miners that run the show (if not faketoshi himself) so they can pretend to be a valid decentralized coin while in practice they're just a worthless sleight of hand with unnecessary complexity just to fool idiots. \&gt; This is the power of centralization. You're still wrong there. \&gt; He's quite the treasure! For sure.
Scams are off topic.
\&gt; And the miners totally have a large amount of control, as they literally do the work of keeping Bitcoin functioning. They're getting paid to do work and if they don't someone else will. \&gt; If they decide to fork, then Bitcoin gets forked. Absolutely not. This has already been proven in practice. You really get a lot wrong. You sure you're not a bcasher?
You need to do a course in honest debating. You keep changing the subject as an excuse to ignore me pointing out the blatant falsehoods you are claiming.
Thank you.
Bitcoin can not work without a limit, so no there's no need to discuss that yet again.
This one is so good on so many levels! Awesome! Thank you!
Dominance is an extremely dumb metric, no matter whether it goes up or down. You're comparing one highly manipulable number to the sum of an infinite number of infinitely manipulable numbers. It's completely insane.
\&gt; Go and buy some more Bcash / lying shitcoins. What are you insulting me for? You're the one who believes in "honest cryptocurrencies" and "good for the whole crypto space".
(Approved this one. It was automatically picked up by the spam filter I think.)
I hope so too. But this subred is not a list of warnings for all possible scams, because that list is basically infinite. And in a fuckedup way, links to them is exactly what the scammers want anyway.
\&gt; I believe So you're criticizing the fake news and how damn believable it is sometimes these days?
Nope. Impossible. See sidebar links to learn about bitcoin.
And having gold in some vault in the other country is without risk? If it was so easy, they'd have done it decades ago. And yes, if the US keeps screwing up and over, eventually countries will have to find alternatives, but those come with their own problems and risks. A mature bitcoin would definitely be a good alternative.
Block size (real and effective) was already more than doubled years ago. What's your problem exactly?
So you are blaming people for not wanting to use the extra available space? You rather force something that people don't want down their throats?
Doesn't mean we have to feel sorry for them, right?
Nope
Yeah sound okay
Bcash is a scam and is off topic. Accepting Bitcoin in a shop basically only makes sense though the Lightning Network. Look into that.
Bcash is a scam and doesn't have devs. It will never support Lightning.
How is that not a scam? And that's only the tip of the iceberg. Don't be a gullible fool and don't give obvious scams the benefit of the doubt!
&gt;whereas on bitcoin cash there are multiple example where it takes seconds. Gross lie which underlines how much you have no clue what you're talking about.
&gt;free Fucking DUH, it's a scam. Jesus F. Facepalm.
&gt;did have legitimate reasoning Complete and utter bullshit. Even back then it was obvious, but if you still can't see it today with hindsight, you're just a gullible fool. You're the one screwing over new people by giving the scams a shroud of legitimacy.
That's a weird thing to say... bcash was exactly one such scams. Nothing changed. And he was a scammer long long before bcash, so nothing changed about him either. He just grew and got more experienced.
That's because there's nothing funny about it. Nor is it a joke.
For others reading: the above is stupid beyond believe. Don't ever do this. And this device looks like pure scam too. Stay away!
Don't listen to him... that's an extremely stupid idea and the site reeks like a complete scam anyway.
&gt; Within the bitcoin community, there existed a (quite vocal) group of people who believed in bigger blocks Yeah and they got suckered in and fleeced by scammers. And those scammers had free reign because hardly anybody would call them while most would keep the doubt and legitimacy alive. &gt; Instead of sprouting nonsense or just repeating that each non-BTC coin is a scam, There's nothing nonsense about it and you're again providing cover for scammers by saying that bullshit. &gt; fiat people calling bitcoin (and cryptos in general) a scam. At least they are right about the crypto half of that sentence..
Don't you worry, I went there. It was clear in 5 seconds that it's a complete and obvious scam. Even worse than you already made it appear to be with your "recommendations".
Nope. Just another scam coin with golden unicorn promises.
Because it's half of the answer. The other half is humans validating, supporting and defending the first half. At least that's what I made of it when I noticed.
He's a fraud. He's off topic. We don't care. There's plenty of proof already.
A scam that is off topic here.
He should stay away from it.
So you're contradicting your earlier false statement with another false one, without so much as an acknowledgement that you were wrong. Clearly no clue about the subject as well as obviously dishonest.
Lol gullible sucker defends the scam he bought into by 1000x-ing irrelevant numbers. Shitcoin shilling not allowed here.
Coinbase is the opposite of secure. And fuck off with the spam.
&gt;I hold both btc and eth as my main portfolio. Does it look like I care? &gt; I also hold some other altcoins that have high potential. No, you don't. But still don't care. &gt;more blah Still not. Stop pushing scams.
Because pushing off topic scams is not allowed here. If you have bags to sell, do it somewhere else.
They're offline whenever it's important, and you know they fuck over customers by pushing countless shitcoin scams. They switch off when the market moves in a direction they don't like and/or they steal the arbitrage money by frontrunning their own customers and/or they're too incompetent to have their exchange work with a slight increase in load. And then they do an incompetent hostile takeover attempt on the whole of Bitcoin. All that basically guarantees that they are also too incompetent to have their security in order as well as they're likely to run off with the money if things really go wrong one day. Anyone who keeps coins there is an idiot as well as endangering bitcoin as a whole. The fact that they're "free" only strengthens all the above.
Shitcoins are scams and none are any good long term. Have a look at Lightning Network.
I will sell you or any other idiot mine for the current bcash price. Just need to lock it in somewhere.
Sounds like they're using you for money laundering. You risking your bank account being closed or the FBI knocking.
Fuck ads. Eye and brain cancer inducing. I'd let my adblocker eat the ad and still collect the reward. There's no way for them to be sure a human actually looked at it anyway. I'm sure Chinese bot farms feel the same way. Fundamentally broken idea. Which makes sense because it's an already failed shitcoin.
In a bitcoin wallet. See sidebar for info.
Pruned nodes are full nodes. Just not archival (or limited archival I guess).
Pretty sure bcash will plummet when payout happens. Everybody will dump that shit hard, even harder than everybody did at launch and every day since. So I wouldn't count on any value from that if I were you.
\&gt; Almost 25k just came from thin air. Not from thin air. From suckers dumb enough to give you 25k for it. So no, not printing money.
You got double fucked by convicted criminal Roger Ver. Go sue him.
No.
Lame. \&gt; (a) Technical differences regarding blocksize Nothing technical about the differences. Bigblock bullshit was always just an excuse to sucker dumbfucks into supporting a hostile takeover and when that failed have them buy into their scamcoin. The "bigblockers" sabotaged a blocksize increase for more than a year and to this day they still do not have anything near big blocks. \&gt; (b) Personality conflicts involving various parties. Scammers spreading disinformation and personally attacking experts in order to partition and push their own incompetent fake devs forward. \&gt; I hope eventually these rifts could be mended and the communities No way. We don't need complete fuckups that will sell out to the first populist politician that stands up with promises of riches. \&gt; Its foolish to be angry at them for splitting off Nobody is. We're happy saboteurs and dumbfucks finally split themselves off, after threatening to do so for 3 years. \&gt; I think its clear BTC approach was the better That was blatantly clear even long before they launched.
\&gt; If they are not full and there is minimum of 1sat/byte Contradicts with \&gt; Fees are driven by supply and demand. So blocks MUST be full for the blockspace market to work at all. And that market is demand driven, supply is basically constant.
Here's me only remembering half or why Gavin was such a despicable phoney.
Do NOT use bitcoin,com that's a scam site.
Staking is nonsensical bullshit and doesn't work. All coins using it are outright scams. Shitcoins are also off topic here.
Seen a lot and falling for the next one...
I'm allowing this since it seems sincere, but: 1) Make sure you do not doxx anyone, not even the scammer. 2) We're flooded with scammers that offer recovery services: do not fall for that. Personally I give you little chance but good luck anyway.
Do your homework kid. You have no clue. [https://download.wpsoftware.net/bitcoin/pos.pdf](https://download.wpsoftware.net/bitcoin/pos.pdf)
No, it shows there are fundamental flaws with the whole idea. Pos coins are falsely claiming that they solved all those problems, THUS they are obvious scams. The best scammers can offer you is paying you if you scam even more other people out of even more money. Which makes you a scammer.
\&gt; &gt; You’re either a troll or just really stupid. \&gt; I wish people would just do this I wish people would just do a little homework first and understand their own limitations of knowledge when they're new in an very new complex area of groundbreaking science and engineering. As well as being a bit more appreciative of people warning them about the snake oil salesmen attracted to fresh financial hunting grounds like flies to shit.
Shilling shitcoins is against the rules here.
Probably the fact that the bitcoin community knows only complete idiots would put their money into scams. Also: Shitcoins are off topic here.
Most important advice: Don't invest more than you're willing to lose. And stay away from shitcoins.
You sure it's not mBTC? Or you're mistaking the decimal point/comma?
&gt;there are many other crypto projects that have greater functionality, better scaling solutions, etc. That's bullshit. There are none that have better scaling. Unused or temporarily "working" until the pump&amp;dump is over, doesn't count.
That's double dumb. Having bcash in the first place was your first mistake.
Nothing buggy about LN, just unfinished. Bitcoin is also unfinished. Bcash on the other hand is filled with bugs and vulnerabilities and does nothing that it promises and even less than the Bitcoin they forked.
I don't know who you're saying is making "less insults" but you should read how they treat [https://www.reddit.com/user/nullc](https://www.reddit.com/user/nullc) who's the biggest Bitcoin expert active in any online forum. Probably invented more than half of all new and upcoming features since Satoshi left. If, after reading 10 of those rbtc posts and the responses (notice the downvotes), you can't tell Roger Ver and his cronies (who are centrally running everything about bcash) are absolutely disgusting lying pieces of shit with hidden agendas and butthurt big bags, then you really have a problem.
\&gt; anybody has the sane experience? Nobody.
Why are you guys evil? Why is Brian such an extreme dumbass? And why are you using reddit as your support channel? Can't you just decently help these people? Too busy shilling shitcoins at that casino? Too busy selling customer data to the IRS?
At least he's not that dumb.
Gavin is an incompetent idiot that tried to do a hostile takeover attempt and supported outright scammers and frauds such as Roger Ver and Craig Wright. Bitcoin is stronger after his failed attempts and without him. Bitcoin has already scaled on chain more than any shitcoin or shitfork. And block size is still growing every day. I see you trolling around and clearly not understanding the subject. If you want advice: stay away from the trolls and scammers in rbtc and learn about bitcoin by asking honest questions instead of bringing up long dead backward discussions.
Not into shitcoins.
Fuck shitcoins. Fuck crypto.
I think assumevalid is still considered a full node. But of course it's very good if many people double check that hash anyway.
We're glad they fucked off years ago. We don't want them back.
Dude, you do it every day. When you create software, you create immaterial things.
Upsetting me doesn't matter. I just find it sad when people get suckered by disinformation.
\&gt; Not an expert, so I don't have a strong stance here. Me neither and I know extremely subtle details are at play, and in the end it probably also comes down to what the definition of "full node" is. \&gt; But my understanding is that with assumevalid only proof-of-work and headers are checked Well, a bit more is checked, for example creating bitcoins out of nothing will not work. 21M is safe. Basically everything except the signatures are checked. So a transaction that takes bitcoins and puts them in your own UTXO would be "possible" but then of course you'd also have to bury that in an incredible and growing amount of Proof of Work, as well as convince others to use your assumevalid hash. As soon as the "real" chain outgrows the invalid one, all nodes will automatically switch ignoring the assumevalid hash completely. Anyone that does do an assumevalid=0 validation (or already had a full node running before) can raise the alarm bells about it. So if the source code would contain such an invalid hash, it would be discovered really quickly (IFF enough people bother to check of course). \&gt; so it's essentially SPV Definitely better than SPV. SPV can be tricked into accepting UTXO made up out of thin air. It's either extremely close to full or just full. A real expert may be able to explain better which it is for a solid definition of full node.
Then a good first step is to not listen to disinformation sources and spread it. Gavin actively pushed and vetted for obvious fraud Craig. He fucked up and still never admitted to being wrong, let alone apologize. He's exit. He's done. He's irrelevant. Has been for many years now. And that's merely one clear and unambiguous point that should be obvious to anyone spending a few moments to look at the history. In actuality Gavin was written off and turned evil long before Craig even showed up. But understanding that requires a lot more technical insight and logic, which I can understand is too much to ask for newcomers. Just understanding that gives you a nice and solid beacon to detect who else are bad actors: everybody (once) supporting Gavin or Craig, making excuses for them and attempting to rewrite history to make them look better: All scammers. All irrelevant. No point in wasting even one more second of your time on. Once you weed out the worst assholes and associates, you'll find there are many many smart people and true experts that are discussing very interesting topics and details every single day. Doing actual science and engineering. Making actual progress, while remaining very careful not to break things.
Please edit out the link to that scam site. I wouldn't hold my breath that it stays deleted, but good news for now.
Bullshit. He pulled in suckers with false promises and then blamed the devs for not fulfilling those promises. A snakeoil salesman of the worst kind. He was already a convicted criminal with proven disregard for the lives of others, before he came into bitcoin. And he called himself jesus... if that's not a dead giveaway.
Don't be an idiot. Shitcoins are scams. They're also off topic here.
That's not how forums work. You're only inviting scammers this way.
Next time, think about how immensely dumb you sound before you click submit. Final warning: shilling shitcoins is not allowed here.
&gt;I bought &lt;shitcoin&gt; at one point and lost 66% of my investment. Good. Sounds like a good lesson. Yet not enough apparantly, as you keep promoting the idea of buying shitcoins portraying great profits.
Can't be doxing. Make a new post with only the first 3 paragraphs and it may be approved.
Links in sidebar ("Resourced"). Stay away from shitcoins (including bitcoin(dot)com), they're all scams and a waste of time. Never invest more than you're willing to lose. Not your key, not your coins.
Still a scam too.
Just proves your idea of "this sub" is just a straw man.
Worst of all shitcoins. Complete and utter scams. And totally off topic here. Final warning.
&gt; Cry, cry. I lost all my shit because scammers I believed told me to bet on the wrong horse and i need someone to blame because i want to continue to keep my eyes closed to evidence and history. Haha. Loser.
Bullshit. Shitcoins are scams. Scams only make scammers rich.
You're the one giving insane investment advice! Are you a shitcoin bagholder trying tot scam people into buying your bags? Facts are that ALL shitcoins are trending towards 0, which is perfectly consistent with simple logic.
Monetary inflation: Fiat: yes BTC: low and quickly trending towards 0 (disinflation, indeed not deflation) &amp;#x200B; Price inflation: Fiat: yes (goal of central banks) BTC: as long as BTC price trends up: deflation, but that can't last forever, so eventually oscillating around 0. disdeflation?
All faucets are scams these days. There's no way to get free bitcoin.
When i do a search for bitcoinist I see one post every 2 weeks or so. Now I don't trust the reddit search function, so maybe I'm missing a lot that way. Looking at the site I agree it looks like low quality click bait garbage. You're welcome to report posts that are very spammy/clickbaity/low quality or shitcoin related.
In that case there's probably not much you can do. Report them to google, I guess. Although I doubt that will work. Maybe it does if their SEO is breaking some google rules.
Is this your top disingenuous or can you do better? Shitcoins are off topic here. Final warning.
Blacklists certainly aren't.
He's saying sending it to random people, i.e. giving it away.
Sounds to me like it comes down to the fact that a pubkey is not an address. I'm not entirely clear around the intricacies though. By the looks of other devs replying on that github PR, it looks like this change was a good idea though. Pinging u/NicolasDorier
Massive /facepalm. The incredible stupidity. The shitcoins of 2013 don't even exist anymore (or have since been decimated) and a whole different bunch of shitcoins were around in 2017, ALL of which have since died or been decimated too. The next pump will be completely different shitcoins again. Nice job proving exactly what I said: everybody that would have followed your dumb advice here would have lost 90% of their shit, if not everything. You are a gullible sock puppet of scammers at best. Close enough to outright scammer in my book.
Good point.
&gt; 16:40 segwit2x would bring [...] more security Fail. &gt; 18:00 wrapped btc on [scamcoin] Fail. &gt; 20:41 [Lightning Network] hasn't happened yet, but it would be interesting Fail. &gt; 21:18 other layer 2 solutions like bitcoin on [scamcoin] or on [other shitcoin] Fail! &gt; 24:02 goal of bitcoin: low cost casual transactions Fail. Only listened to parts. It seems like an honest attempt but has several flaws and misunderstandings.
Most certainly not a solution to scaling. Technically is was just a dumb one time doubling of the blocksize, by trying to force miners to run completely unreviewed and untested code developed by an incompetent fool. It was a hostile attack and takeover attempt. Nothing in it had anything to do with increasing security and it was obvious from the start that it would decrease security and in fact basically end bitcoin completely. Which was all proven soon after: dev Jeff Garzik had already given up and gone away to run his own pump and dump scamcoin, without bothering to stop the rollout. So then 10 minutes before the rollout was supposed to happen: it completely crashed. The code had an absolute noob level bug that made it impossible to even roll out. I never laughed so hard in my life. In the end a lot of idiots lost a lot of money on it, but luckily most people understood it for what it was and it only made Bitcoin stronger for surviving yet another failed attack.
I applaud the change and thank you for your work. I hear what you're saying and have heard similar from other devs, but it's slightly too low level for me to fully grasp. I see others having similar problems and thus this change causing confusion as if something is being taken away. Hopefully posts like this help. Thank you.
wut? If there's no alternative there's even less doubt that they're \_not\_ wasting their time.
Your poster says you don't.
So your plan is to walk up to a scammer, give him your BTC and then...\[whatever\]. Yeah that sounds really dumb.
Shilling shitcoins not allowed here. Final warning.
You have experience?
Bridging to scams for the purpose of making people lose their money even easier...
One sold explosives through the mail. Went to jail for it. The other sold a quantum computer simulation that was going to be much faster, because quantum. When that failed, he settled for an even dumber scam.
&gt;I held on to my bcash air drop for one whole year. Sorry for your huge loss.
He was a lunatic long before. He lured in suckers for years with false promises of free transactions and endless riches. He was breeding an army of gullible ignoramuses ready to start stirring shit and harassing devs and other true bitcoiners. Nothing useful about false promises, that's just outright defrauding people. It also turns away honest people who see through his bullshit. Honest people who could possibly have been a great help to Bitcoin otherwise. Instead it lures in dumbfucks and weak hands that either ragequit at the first sign of a down turn or end up holy warriors doubling down on bullshit.
He said Bitcoin community. Not Bitcoin.
Shitcoins are scams. All. And off topic here.
Congrats. Make sure to move them you your own wallet as soon as it's more than you're willing to lose. Coinbase is evil.
We don't disagree. In my mind being a member of a community requires a little more than just strictly casually "using" the thing. A bit more interaction between members or even just having on common some belief or goal or enthusiasm.
Shitcoins are off topic here.
Sounds like a mtgox in the works. Not that not everybody has been warning for this for years and not that it's basically the only logical conclusion to the path they've been on for years. Shitcoin casino with incompetent butthurt anti bitcoiner as ceo, gee, I wonder where this leads...
No begging. No shitcoins.
Good riddance to scam cesspool.
Never heard of Bitcoin Venezuelan but it sounds like you got scammed. If it's anything at all, it's surely a shitcoin. Possibly worse. Shitcoins are off topic here.
Are you the author of this bullshit article?
"crypto" is scam bullshit trying to get a free ride on bitcoin's name while being fully 100% centralized themselves. Centralized scammers deserve centralized takedowns and jail time.
\&gt; I purchased bitcoin cash Huge mistake. You got scammed. Bcash is counterfeit bullshit run by scammers like convicted felon Roger Ver. \&gt; address for bitcoin instead of bitcoin cash. Blame the same scammers for making that even possible. As well as Coinbase. Coinbase are also scammers, gladly helping you make mistakes and lose your money. I think Coinbase will have access to your bcash in this situation, but I have no idea if they will bother to help you. All of this has nothing to do with bitcoin. Hope it wasn't a lot of money.
Shitcoins are the Compuserve and AOL. Fully centralized. Uselessly small and fake.
Clicking links to scam sites is usually not advisable.
Sorry, was on my phone, so assumed.
Your link doesn't even work. If you have to ask, then yes, it's a scam. All shitcoins are scams. All cheap bitcoins are scams. All rich quick offers are scams. All easy profits are scams.
You're not making sense. Keep learning.
Then it's definitely a scam. And also off topic.
Spammer forgot to include his spam?
Shilling shitcoins not allowed here. As a wise man once said: \&gt; Privacy, speed, tx fees, people like to create or invent problems so they can sell a solution. "my shitcoin is faster/cheaper/more private than bitcoin".
No need to disclose. Referral links straight up not allowed. As well as promoting scams and shitcoins.
That was me. And the link didn't work for me. Not blaming you for that part, that's just how it is. But not to worry, I can tell from the link and comments that it's a scam.
This is a general remark, not specifically to the above comment. Not sure what all you guys are getting out of this. I'm allowing these comments as they're nicely tucked away in a month old thread not bothering anyone. I guess it allows fellow victims to find each other. But please don't dox and be aware that anything anyone says here may just be lies intended to harass an innocent third party. Threads about scams also tend to attract fresh scammers attempting to pray on people who have already shown to have fallen for scams. So be careful to not be scammed again by people contacting you "to help" or whatever.
It's not worth billions. Market cap means jack shit, let alone on centralized zero liquidity coins.
What have you got to say for yourself [u/asso](https://www.reddit.com/user/asso/) ? Are you going to fix the article? Looks like a lot of your articles are just clickbait shit stirs tbh.
Why don't they send one to the one Australian that has actually defrauded them and many others?
You've had plenty of answers already worth at least a month of studying, but you're not showing any interest in actually learning. If you're here to get rich quickly without any effort, then no bitcoin is not for you. And even less so are any of the shitcoins, so to save you from getting your ass scammed: don't even go there.
Tone down dude. You're even talking to the wrong guy here.
