You’ll fucking hate it if you grew up in the city.
Too much freedom for them huh? Maybe they should go live somewhere else if they can't get over our FEEDOM! /s
Buy some Jason Markk and a soft brush. It only took me an hour to clean 20 pairs of Jordans.
My chick got mad when our fav brunch place stopped serving those
This is the stuff that people say when their families haven't been a victim of gun violence. People probably don't wanna go back to a school where they saw their friends killed. That's enough reason.
it's better than dish soup or detergent. What do you recommend?
Lowry is already declining. You're talking about a salary dump.
They see me rollin, they hatin.
it was like $8.60 last time i did a day.
Mavs fans triggggered
Morey spent weeks on this tweet didn’t he 🙄
Never beat a healthy team in the finals
Not really. This is a very blue city.
I prefer my stars to not be complete idiots when it comes to basic scientific discoveries.
Hard to vote against a prop when the firefighters are literally outside of the polling place
So people that preach shouldn't make money on their products like books? Seems stupid to me. You can serve the Lord and still make a living.
Someone's pregnant.
A church is the congregation, not its pastor. The Church has ministries and programs to help people. You can't seem to separate the two. Get over the fact that the man can write books people like to read.
Do you know what Joel does with his money? Is he supposed to publicly disclose how and when he helps people? You seem to think he is a church when he's not. He's a normal person like me and you. Let's open your books and see what you've done instead of criticizing what others have/have not.
That just isn't true. God want people to be prosperous: Jeremiah 29:11. *For I know the plans I have for you,” declares the Lord, “plans to prosper you and not to harm you, plans to give you hope and a future*
So wealth shouldn't include taking care of your children and their children? seems like a personal preference and not a biblical one. Proverbs 13:22: *A good man leaves an inheritance to his children's children*
Trump has literally sexuallized his daughter on Howard Stern so OPs comment is something Trump would agree with.
I remember a girl who was tossed into an empty pool by her friend posting on reddit.
We believe in the free market here in America. Like it or leave it.
And that baby will grow up to be their President.
It's a prank bro. cho cho!
You're talking about the county. The country obviously doesn't see it making money.
Eat a snow cone bro, you're triggered.
If it doesn't make money how can a lease be paid? Think before you post. Last thing you want is another Comets in NRG situation.
There have been studies. Les Alexander did a study when he was looking into buying the Edmonton Oilers.
That's a tax maneuver not that not about viability. The County knows that an NHL team here will fail and end up relocating like like all these other NHL teams have. It's a waste of time. Look at the NBA TV deals compared to the NHL. $25 Billion compared to $7 Billion by the NHL and the NBA's del is getting bigger
Remember jamming Trance on Kiss in the late 90's? PS: Radio is as dead as Sears. They'll have to pay car companies to put radios in vehicles by 2020
Elect them.
That they aren't bomb Salvadorian tamales.
Picking more profits in concerts over low paying rent Aeros isn't "running them out of town". Minor League Hockey just wasn't making good enough money.
Legal weed here we come!
You watched the show to huh. I'm loving it.
Visit your Doctors Laker fans. This much sodium isn't healthy.
what about Bush? He was a East coast bagger. Not Texan enough for ya?
I wish I was the pocket :(
Don’t give them anymore ideas. They would literally think we should instill *jus primae noctis* for first responders
The Viet gangs are gonna take a beating. Seriously though, the Asian community tries hard to keep out of politics so it’s ironic they’re a target of Trump now. Welcome to world we Hispanics live in now.
With criminal records correct?
If you look closely you can see the white linens poking out
Lol. Imagine believing this
Lol Bill giving the Jets a free challenge!
Hahaha
It's not La Porte, it's Deer Park.
Houston Furniture bank. They have some great stuff.
an average wrestler can do damage to a person not trained in combat sports.
could probably get taken out my a light weight MMA pro in less than 4 mins.
they don't call it a "come to Jesus" moment for nothing .
Cat's name is now Odysseus
There are people that think the world is flat.
That airball tho
Yes
Not to him. There are normal people that will retire without even a post about them on reddit.
Found the dude who hits the brakes in a skid LMAO
You can see Joan Crawford swimming in that pool in The Damned Don't Cry
I should know, I have ADHD lol.
Pete's fine meats has a good bag of jerky.
no lies detected.
That's really nice.
r/nba right [now](https://youtu.be/EIph0BJNrxo) 😂
From the state that's official religion requires secret underwear...
Can't burn a bridge when you can't even get there. He knew and the Rockets knew they couldn't offer him anything close to $15 mil. for one year. Why waste people's time?
Close to $30 last time I went. It’s a LB
It's probably chain strapped in the front. I know because that's what my uncle does.
Signing? He's still under contract. Unless the Rockets are getting something in return he ain't going anywhere.
Sunday's at noon or Saturdays an hour before close.
It wasn't a worst movie. We paid Ariza the mid level which was less than $6 mil a year to experiment with a young player. He was 24.
Top 10 Anime betrayals
I'm 35 who dis? Edit: got a rundown. Thanks, I think remember him from a Samsung phone commercial.
That move saves us $3 mil. and then we can turn it around in for another team to save money.
If you can afford to park at La Hielera then maybe. Not many of us Oak Meadows folks on reddit....
ignition sequence starts.
Yeah it’s called capitalism and if they’ve been doing it for 30 years the Astros have no problem with it
3 years with no room for a player earning over $15 mil a year. So basically cheap role players. Explain how that’s more hope than having Old CP3
Lol. Get rooked
All you can do is watch Pop
So what’s Demar? 😂
Here ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ he ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ comes ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ
Only Clowney can do it better
His presence has been recorded in history not including scripture lol. Being 12 must be nice huh?
If you’re talking about those clear balloons lined with LEDs I’ve seen them sold at Cole’s flea market this weekend.
Keep sharpening your neckbeard edge. One day the batttle will come...
Slippery slope.
Freshen ya drink gov’na?
Refs on need a physics lesson
That’ll do it
Dont Touch his elbow then
Criminals have nothing to lose. People like us do.
Look up at the standings and cry bitch
Yes. Tech under 2 mins
Thread synopsis: wah wah wah, imma baby
Shady to find a missing little girl. I’ll take shady 10/10 times
I’d say be worried if Floyd read this but he can’t
See something say something. Not 2 hours later on an internet forum
Manviel and Alvin
We’d never score over 100 if he coached us again.
Not with the players we have on the team now
It wasn’t even that long ago I remember paying $50 a month for crappy Verizon DSL in Baytown. One of many reasons I left.
Boomers. They have most of the money now a days so it makes sense to go after them.
the luck of harden bricking a FT can would have gave us the 2nd seed. oh well, pure luck right?
It was a deal with the devil. You wouldn’t have got Chris to push the Clippers to deal him to Houston without the promise of that contract.
He developed Capela into the soft serve he is today.
Since when does Trump pay his bills willingly? He's always been a scumbag.
Tell her to get a bike. The heat will kill her before any criminal does.
They are a really nice staff. I had a great experience.
You’ll never get a star player to agree to a trade to your team again. This isn’t the NFL. The players run this league
Not a big issue in Mexico City. That’s where this story is from
Roll the fuck out of Austin moron.
Since he's the second most valuable player on the team I hope they want to lock him up.
And it was a good choice. Ariza is washed. Just look at his play this season
We begged but his handlers think otherwise.
Wtf is a Houstonite?
Lmao! News flash: Schools out for summer.
and that war time era fidget spinner they clicked too.
[This](https://d3d71ba2asa5oz.cloudfront.net/40000725/images/amu3001__2a.jpg)
how sweet of you.
bEAT the Rich.
I'll take dark mode.
Average age of ww2 soldiers was 26. You must mean Vietnam.
They want Sharia law but with a Texas twist.
General Kenobi
Lol
Yes
Allen does not have more upside than Capela. He is younger than Capela but that’s about it. Capela has better footwork and hands
YES like this
Lol. An expiring contract and a loser pick
Lol the pettiness
Series extension cancelled
Sounds like houston
Or the Warriors are just playing mind games like the Spurs when it comes to injuries
you can change those settings.
COLGATE
You can on the Touring.
Yeah he’ll get a Max no matter what.
Never trust team doctors. Their priorities are the team’s.
I too watched Blindspotting
Take your L here and stop trying to justify it. Accept responsibility.
Jurassic Park didn't look like a minority.
Dude you can do a quick search on Twitter and find 5 videos of people at bars cheering when KD got hurt. Stop trying to wash this away as a minority
Whataboutism spreading to sports fandom lol
Gutless
Don’t even know how this would be a question. A recovering KD is better than Kemba and Kemba will get a max
I read this a Pikachu trophy
Nana nan na hey hey hey 👋🏼
Someone here told he it was like .4% of Raptors fans that cheered. Is he wrong?
Because he'll want a fresh start and now that people feel sympathy for him after years of being a villain this is his shot
That it's the Warriors FO's fault since they pushed KD and he got hurt because of it. Look at their sub. That's what they use to justify the stupidity.
I'm not turned around. He still chose the easy way to a ring and this doesn't change anything. Sucks he got injured but that's on him, no-one made him go out there.
Houston is working on maybe extending the light rail closer and there always be Uber.
I don't and I've lived here all my life. I think it's the transplants trying to justify starting a life here to themselves.
They'll ignore her evacuation orders and die to own the libs.
If he dies, He dies.
I thought I was an art project when it mentioned beware of hurricane man lol
This is a graphic sticker.
They thought they could win without him at home lol
But say the words bag ban and people will start a riot.
He'll never be top 5 or even 10 again. Sad stuff.
he won't be fully recovered until 1.5 seasons. Look at Rudy Gay.
Will anyone under the age of 55 laugh at this?
It's cheaper. That's why they do it.
T-Mac knows a lot about faking it. Look at his last years in Houston.
So an ongoing investigation where this guy turned rat
Found the 16 year old. Don’t campare KD to MJ please
None. I think most people are smart enough to not advertise they're carrying.
It is a fantastic book. Horrific but magical thanks to HST
I don’t care if it’s in some fairyland fantasy lib land, Murder won’t get you less than 25 years. This is pure bullshit you’re spitting.
Again. This movie will have a cult following pretty soon.
The Wally walk
Late 30's/warehouse worker/hispanic/liberal and from the greatest state in the union (Texas). I like thrillers, books, podcasts and movies about financial/political scandals.
HA! Made you look.
Only reason i'd take him is if it's for Paul.
He said sad not mad. Learn to read
So he bleeds gun power
And We’re supposed to get an NHL team?
If you consider George Bush a transplant than yeah (he was)
Welcome..to the Playa hatas ball!
Enjoy this. Soak up every last second of it.
Billions in Canadian funny money. Not freedom Bucks that make the world go round.
Who said spanking doesn’t work
I’d expect this with Jeremy Lin but not Masai lol
I hope the Gator has an arm in his tummy.
Baytown
Fuck. The. Police.
Real talk
I ain’t a sucker to that shit. I don’t wear any Texas theme regalia either. Texas is in my blood and that’s all I need.
Look at intercontinental airlines
Is a turd sandwich better than a piss slushee?
bought to sprinkle a lil crack on that investment firm.
It’s about spawning . Don’t need milky oysters.
Texas can be bought. Ask your state government.
They don't call it selling out for nothin.
They won't. Ask the McDonald brothers.
Jesus, some of you morons would cut off your dicks to own the libs.
Am I the only dude who doesn't think driving haven't gotten any better or worse in the last 10 years? If you want to turn the city into Dallas move to there. I'm fine here.
As a favor coming at a discount.
Gotta respect the effort
Native Americans. Next question.
Well all it took was a some lead supplements to cure his delusions.
Short sighted by Abbott but not a surprise.
Until Harden actually agrees and changes it's all just talk.
But when the playoffs came he didn't.
and even more cop cheat on their spouses.
Joke about taxes. Boomer confirmed.
Same clown who said PG wasn’t staying in OKC
&gt;"Today is the first time I've heard from anybody that I trust that George is gone," Russillo said, via SLAM Online's Ryne Nelson. "... I don't know where. It's a 'he's gone' deal.” [source](https://bleacherreport.com/articles/2773714-paul-george-rumors-thunder-star-gone-will-join-new-team-in-free-agency)
So you agree that his sources are shit
He said his sources said it. What’s the difference?
Little joe is morally defunct and will never get a ounce of my respect
you're saying that since his sources are sometimes good his opinion should be respected. I'm saying his sources suck and I don't trust him.
gross.
Korver is washed.
So, sales.
Got em coach.
You just described 50% of sales. Car sales lol.
Brassiere 19 has a legit menu though
I just got on the ramp from 45s to 8e. No issues.
Your shirt is out of date. It's been taken.
Why not both?
We have to hold these dipshits accountable folks. The Mayor and chief have no power over them and if we don’t stand up thief bullshit will continue
Not really. It gets pack around the holidays
Baybrook is like town and country (or whatever it is) now. Lots of restaurants and entertainment
Costco. I use them for croutons too.
Lol thinking the war ended slavery
Do this whenever any cop comes to your house
Seek help
Not the dream shake but i’ll Allow it
waste of kilobytes
You can still experience indoor smoking. Most of the counties outside of major cities allow it
hi corny
to reminisce when their dicks could get hard without pills.
This should have happened on Father’s Day
No wonder my pollen catcher is low
If I believed in Karma...
You have to negotiate ala Fuzzy Dunlop
whichever one has the dog that needs shooting.
This sounds like the Joker origin story.
Every fan in here will be so triggered if this happens and I’m here for it
In what way?
You’re just salty he hit a game winner in your building
!remindme in 1 month
Fuck, I can’t make Raptor jokes anymore!
Jesus I'm all for shitting on HPD but that thread is a shit storm for the wrong target lol. We did it Reddit
He didn’t lick the cop’s boot?
Visit 290, you’ll never forget it. Stop by chicagobuger for a patty melt and get $2 tacos at Tierras Calientes
an institution.
The mineral and gem vault is still there. My favorite part of the the museum
You’re scared. It’s ok.
This sounds like Demar after getting smoked by Lebron
You’d think EPA stood for environmental protection agency...
It's all up to Jimmy now. He'll have to be the one doing the heavy lifting
Here comes Butler's leverage on the 6ers to get him to Houston.
We're the new Lakers. Everyone hates us!
Words have power if you proclaim it!
shut up. Remember Chris Bosh?
maybe long term but with that team we could have won a ring in the first 2 years.
I'm all for it to watch Clay's baby ass triggered by it.
or tin foil hat conspiracy.
JFC.
I’ve seen this movie. It’s stars Cheech Moran. Born in East L.A.
You're for the 2A right? slippery slope
At least Beach Bum was funny. This was garbage
Blue jobs matter. Where else are bullies supposed to work?
Now that’s cool
Hiring people from out of state
Oh shit. Real money getting touched here. This is gonna get big
You think restaurants are cleaner? LMAO
Highdeas
Did you think the 6ers had a chance at a ring??
Fake news is us actually thinking Morey had a shot against Pat Riley.
Sweet summer children. This is the same story every year. Remember When Melo came to Houston just to leverage NY into giving him the max?
Yeah, teams don’t let stars leave for nothing. Look at the Hornets
Kings are signing Dedmon so they ain’t going for Capela
Drippin’
Hunt for that
Are we playing the Patriots? So open...
Oops
Yes.
If you take fitness seriously you could literally use anything around you to get fit
you are a millennial actually. the very first to grow up with internet for the majority of your life.
So, a jukebox in an Icehouse?
Do you litter the street with piss filled bottles too?
and 5-7pm at a gay bar near you
15 mins each way.
37, Manufacturing
Being relevant has its costs
They want to full NRG not the Arena theatre.
SACA LA BOSITA
When Selena was alive. There are no world class Tejano acts anymore.
If I were to put money on it...Diplo. He's going with his Western phase already.
There are more Bush's in politics than in a hippie commune.
Rock is dead. I mean I love my Strokes and AM too but they aren't gonna fill up NRG. The only band I could maybe see doing well would be Tame Impala.
That's not something that happens in COH for traffic violations.
We chose Harden over Paul and we have to pay the price. If only Paul would have be 2 years younger....
You didn't watch CP3 on the Rockets did you?
Yes it's a no brainer for the long term but it also had short term consequences. Paul will decline before Russ but he's still good enough to embarrass you right now.
I’m 37 lol
Show me where
If the Ravens played the Titans in a 5 game series the Titans might only win once. That’s the NFL playoffs. The best team doesn’t always win. Any given Sunday or in this case Saturday
I mean...wow
There’s too much kool-aid in me now!!!!! Fuck it!
That is incredibly sad. Looks like drug induced psychosis
In the end everybody dies. That’s positive right?
You have to order more than one pizza and have you ever seen pizza ingredients? Very cheap
BOB you are really gonna punt you cuck!?!
Look at Bill’s stupid ass
This is pathetic lol
Is this Jerry Jones?
&gt;I think Watson is the best QB in the NFL right now not named Patrick Mahomes You're high.
There’s always a sucker
You could tell me i won't occur in a decade and it wouldn't comfort me. Trust me. After having to clean up after just 6" of flooding, sleeping on an air mattress for 3 months while replacing sheetrock, furniture, painting I don't want to do it again...EVER.
IM SO GLAD I GOT BANNED
Clean out that cancer. If you’re really gonna pride yourself in being an example for kids cheaters have to go
The core team participated in it.
No * on any of my WS gear. I’ll check one more time
Sox are about to lose their manager
So turning a blind eye is not bad?
And he stands up for democracy too. BDE
Big yikes.
Will you enjoy scrabbling to find a place to park your car every time it rains for more than an hour?
fanaticism does funny things to people. Look at our politics today.
&gt; Hinch and Lunhow, not so much Crane told Jeff to look into the club and make sure they weren't doing what MLB had banned in the memo and Jeff either lied or was too stupid to figure it out. AJ was complicate.
Slowly
We’re turning into Barry Bonds defenders now?
I don’t want to
Why not call themselves the Meth Express?
We have WS gear. Dodger fans will have to Africa to find theirs.
This isn’t Hollywood
Imagine losing two WS in a row to non cheaters tho.
Probably before you were born
Because watching a few dozen Youtube videos represents the millions of police interactions that happen in this country every year....OK.
Forever an impeached President.
Rockets have 2020 and 2021 first rounders.
Not as of yet. Plus in the NBA you can't trade consecutive first round picks.
Fan since 2002 and I wasn't broken until 2012 when we got demolished at home against the Packers. We were 8-1 thinking we were hot shit and got a preview of the playoffs. That's the same wear of the Varsity jackets in NE BTW. I haven't touched the kool-aid since.
Imagine the pressure this kid is going to have to be great at school if their parent is freaking out about post office speeds...
Take a valium
Take some benadryl then!
MJ played when we won the second time but 👌🏼
Last time I went there was a very “pungent” gentleman there that came straight out of a neck beard meme. It was like Grant seeing the brachiosaurus for the first time in Jurassic Park
Hate to break it to you but Police have very strong unions (you’re on the list) and protect their officers from top brass all the time. These officers were hired decades ago and their actions were probably shielded from Ace
We beat the Yankees this year and MLB already said we were clean this year
Didn’t the Yankee have 3 of the biggest steriod cheaters on their WS team?
Just win baby
Sounds like you still believe in Santa
Is he like Dr Pimple Popper? I love her channel so much.
The first quarter champions parade won't pay for itself.
fuck that puto
lol read up on Dr. Death
I sucks that we can't hold up our championship with pride outside of the city but that moment in time...no one can take that away from us.
"Turns ghetto"? Ok Boomer.
If you think this is a hot take you must not use social media. There are some wild conspiracy theories out there that make this sound like a tame take
Sounds a lot like Donald Sterling.
Bought 6 six packs last time I saw them at HEB
It wasn’t my first time trying it so yeah, it was really freaking good
Houston furniture bank saved my ass after Harvey
Woke up to start my pork shoulder and 5 mins in I was already tired of the wind. You runners are my heroes
Imagine living through a recession and thinking it’s better to count on Wall Street . Lol
They ran because they couldn’t afford to live there anymore. Houses cost millions and it not because of Taxes but keep your fantasy alive
Because rich people love it there and the weather is gorgeous? They also have one of the highest paying sectors in the world
God forbid an earthquake cause an apartment to collapse. Stupid regulations!
It's really easy now since they can hide behind a screen like pussies.
If you can't drive stick you can't drive outside of the US. Period.
Pappas. VP Pence's first pick.
you can find some decent used bikes at flea markets but try pawn shops too.
Just pack your hobo bag already
Let me know which train car you’re in and I’ll send you some wet wipes so you can get cleaned up
We made him that way. The same way OKC made Russ into the inefficient mess he is
History will not look kindly on those who defend Trump's actions.
Yeah the war on the poor comes to mind
Nah, they just wouldn't ask and come home trashed. Wake up to crashing pans and a list of chores.
Picadillo FTW
It's spread the good news, not SPRAY the good news.
&gt;This is about providing people with training. People with training are less likely to just "blast" someone for "making a gesture." Police make this mistake and are trained you know.
I love that exhibit. I'm glad I can smell cyanide.
I'm not trying to get shot.
They aren't even legally obligated to protect you.
No, it’s not about being poor. It’s about you acting like such a downer hipster you’d only feel like living on the rails wis a “real world experience”. Seek help. Your attitude towards Like is sad. Make some friends
Careful with fresh pineapple juice. You marinade with fresh juice for more than a few minutes and I mean like 5 minutes you’re gonna have a bad time. The enzymes will destroy it.
Why would anyone willingly go to Outback when Texas Roadhouse exists?
You can during early dine!
Legal status? Oh sorry I thought I was on Chron.com
Because not everyone likes to spend $80 for dinner. Plus the rolls and cinnamon butter.
No jury would see him as a victim.
When you find a steak night that has rolls with cinnamon butter lmk.
&gt; jury of his peers I think they would side with him because verbal assault is a lesser crime than physical assault. I don't. People aren't robots. Plus, the Judge would just toss it out anyway because they have discretion.
Truck driver wasn't wearing a seat belt. This is 2020 and people still don't get it...
Next you'll argue that abusers should still be able to keep their guns
drug enforcement unit number in Atlanta. AKA slang like 5-0
Are lock-ins still a thing? Try bowling alleys on fridays and saturdays
Like the authentic Karbach Brewery.
The U.S. killed Dr. Martin Luther King.
Waco and clusterfucks. Name a better duo.
Lol this dude can't win. Hated by his officers for not defending them enough and hated by civilians for not going after his officers enough.
&gt; I agree, and if there had actually been drugs there? Hooo-boy. There were drugs there. Weed and Cocaine (Not that I give a shit since all drugs should be legal to prevent this crap).
List the track record.
I'd laugh but that's kinda what this state is trying to do to women.
Imagine having a 346 number...I'd just throw my phone away.
They should enforce authenticity of CBD because that's where people are getting scammed. So much false advertising too. I refuse to buy locally and stick to the tested brands on the internet.
More like EGGterminate
So I’m allowed to die for my country but not burnout in my brand new Charger!?!/s
"Yo, you hear that shit?"
Thoughts and prayers. I feel so bad for the homeowners who are going to go through hell.
I too work in injection molding
No. NOOOOOOOO
I hated the man with every ounce of my being when we played against him so I’m crushed just as much. RIP Kobe.
The yuppies are flocking to Spring Branch now
Lawyers ladies and Gentleman.
Thabo about to get drug tested at halftime
Fraiser!
Jazz wants this game to end already lol
EGOD!
HERE COMES
DAAAMN DANEL
WE DID IT FOR MAMBA
Ball don't lie
50!
A Jazz fan was talking about his wife’s miscarriage.
At least Jordan pushed them out off of the finals lol
City Cafe, and it's not overcrowed like Tel-Wink.
Sugarhill
pinche guey
missionary but I also like cowboy
Fucking Next Door shit
So you're just gonna throw away the first Championship?
Don't let our beloved Buc-ees end up in Chinese hands! PS: There was a Harvard Prof arrested for giving secrets to the Chinese yesterday
Good info. Disappointed that Reddick didn't take advantage of the signals.
Or the lack of a sense of humor by you.
Round Mamba
Y'all always believe Texas is back tho
fuck bailouts.
One of the last OGs
&gt; Build an EMP similar to this This one over here FCC.
49ers are going to destroy the excuse KC calls a defense.
Saw Tokyo Police club there too.
We hired the juice head instead...sorry "over-trainer".
Lean is like ludes. Only celebrities get a hold of the real stuff now.
or just corniness.
Don’t really but fuck it
I swear to God if JJ doesn’t see an AFC championship game in his career....
We get it, y’all vape
3 sour apple per Ace
He said 30 years numb nuts!
Did they skip history classes in your school?
60,000
60,000
Yes. Thank Pokemon Go for that
Just go home. Even one hour in a smelly cell isn’t worth the clout
Looks a like a few dozen kids tried to approach the freeway and the cops weren’t having it. By Hamilton and Chenevert.
Cops really have a lid on these roving groups that try to leave the DT area. Got a nice size group of about 100 surrounded
You can’t find any because there isn’t any. It’s over. Try Snapchat
Standing around with 30 people on a street corner isn’t a protest. It’s just loitering
The protesters left when the protest was over. The only people left were kids roaming around different DT areas for no reason. Unorganized, walking in traffic with no purpose.
So David Dorn and the day 10 horrible deaths mean so much to you huh? How about the 100,000 plus from the a coronavirus? Let’s search your post history and see if you have that same energy for those horrific deaths..
Let me get this shit straight. It’s 2020, everything in the damn world is being recorded right now including Police misconduct yet you are the only person with video evidence of this? Okaaaaaaay
Yet you didn’t make a single post about that until right now. Congrats on your shitty little toxic life. Really, take care of yourself and remember that God loves you. Seek change in your heart man, maybe you’ll find peace.
Then post them
They don’t protect me. When seconds count police are minutes away
Do racists like honey because this is a honey trap
Arm yourselves against these thugs
Explain how effectively Police protect people from crimes. Really I wanna hear it
Didn’t look like he was put in any place. The cop has pillows for hands
Most of the reason HPD isn’t as horrible as other forces are the same reason this city didn’t devolve into mass violence after the march, they’re very diverse. Cops become violent because of bias and fear. This city is a true melting pot of hard working, humble people (at least that’s what I want to believe).
You’d think but look at Buffalo. They suspended two cops and the entire riot squad quit the squad (not the force) in solidarity to the suspended officers
&gt;you steal the history of more accomplished races, such as...Slavics Only a russian could write that with a straight face.
Then what’s Los Angeles’ excuse?
Apple just started 0% financing on Computers.
Before a storm freezer 3-4 gallon bags of water in your freezer just in case you lose power. Keep a box of candles or led light at the ready too. Buy a nice sized dry bag to keep your important documents and electronics in if you have to evacuate into rain or flooded streets
So many people are gonna collapse. Heat index of 107
Sprinkle a little crack on him Johnson
You can always start a fire with it
I mean companies put warning labels on the strangest things because of idiots. Why not our nuclear arsenal?
Box cake and canned frosting is anything but “quality”
Porque te haces el pendejo?
Name a people or person George Floyd murdered via mass genocide. I’ll wait.
You know what, Yes. That’s the easiest answer in the world to answer because I have met great people with troubled pasts. I have friends who have done time and turned their lives around. They aren’t trash. They aren’t just irredeemable 10 years AFTER They serve their time. This is America and people deserve second chances. Floyd has surpassed being a person and is now a symbol. Why can’t you get that? Tons of black men see themselves in that video being murdered and you know why? Because it very well could be them. You should do some soul searching if you limit the people you trust to their criminal history. I’d like to see how many (if any) friends you have with the black and white way you see the world. He’s not a martyr to me but who gives a fuck if he is to someone else. Why do you care? Get on with your life.
You hate to see it
Keep Houston Hood
Sam Houston was against the confederacy and was booted out of governorship because of it
He didn’t fight to keep them.
That was more on the Prison Warden
4 people, 2 groups, 10’ apart...
You keep announcing suicides and you will get more suicides.
If I wanna be all libertarian about all this, store and shops can choose to serve and refuse service to anyone right? Why can’t they demand masks? Am I wrong? Do business owners need the cover for liability reasons?
My people
It’s nothing new. Back in 1918 there America had the same exact problems getting people to wear masks.
They’ll just go to the TGIFidays next door and wait 30 mins instead
If they come out with a PFG or Yeti mask you best believe I’m rocking that shit
I wear the fishing shirts all the time for work. I work in a warehouse and I love em.
I’d rather turn Texas blue. Thanks
Yeah losing Rivers next year will hurt so this could help fill the defensive void
This is still the first wave
Those ICU beds are $$$$ for hospitals so in terms of a business, yeah everything is ok
Ok because I’d still have a job
That’s what it was for sure. About the size of the mast too
The duty of every American.
I wish I lived in the time before the American litigious age
