2003 was more or less a re-skin of 2001, no? I only played the GBA post of the latter, but the computer versions were pretty similar I thought. I did a comparison of the two rosters by WAR once, and they were pretty similar, numbers-wise at least. I'll give 2001 the edge for being first.
I'm going to go outside the box a little and pick \#20. 11 teams (over a third of the league!) has it retired, most of the time each for a different player. Honorees include Mike Schmidt, Don Sutton, Jorge Posada, Lou Brock, and Frank Robinson (for three different teams!).
I remember his debut. I think it was a national broadcast, and the announcers teased right before the between-inning break that one of Hank Aaron's records would fall the next inning. I got really confused how they knew that for sure and what it could possibly be until they came back from break.
I got Braves+Nationals, so I'm basically in the same boat I guess? The Nationals but with Freddie Freeman, Ender Inciarte, and whoever the Braves' catcher is?
[](/NYY)a Hope that clears things up
Only half related, but this made me combine today's big dramas in my head and realize that one day the current YouTube star crowd is going to be old enough to run and oh my god we're absolutely getting President Logan Paul, aren't we? Goddamn it all.
&gt;charli xcx and carly rae are both making music produced by the PC music gang (sophie, ag cook, etc) - this is especially clear in carli's last 2 mixtapes and the vroom vroom ep but the music they're making is like a hyper stylized version of pop, it's not regular "pop" music. This person went through all that trouble trying to argue why the thing they liked didn't count because it wasn't "real" pop music and the best they could do was just "it's pop, but even more so"?
Not crazy about Last Stand personally, but I will echo this sentiment for X-Men: Apocalpyse
Venom (original Eddie Brock version) and Cable are much less interesting than their reputations would indicate. Carnage, doubly so.
Hoffman and Guerrero are big problems. Both were essentially judged to be worthy of induction last year, but we'll need to spend at least 150% (out of a possible 1000% to go around), probably even more, on those two. That's kind of dumb.
Rolen and Jones are the players everyone thought Vizquel was, but don't even match Vizquel's vote totals when added together.
Fair point, done and done Edit: spiced it up with team logos, too
He would have been a solid choice, although it’s not like Eddie Collins was a bad pick either. Really, I think it would have come down to 1) how strong Jackson’s career would have ended; and 2) how he would have been viewed in the chaotic jumble that was the first 5-10 years of Hall voting.
Yeah, it seemed like most of the series that Marvel launched in this time were them attempting to hit on less-conventional successes, like Squirrel Girl and Ms. Marvel, that were all given incredibly short leashes. If any of those "stealth minis" had a big debut, I think they'd absolutely still be around. The problem becomes whether this is actually the best way to find unconventional hits like that. I would guarantee that it isn't.
Also, I think there's a good argument that Marvel isn't quite aware of how to treat this "pilot series" they keep attempting. A lot of these "pilots" are being cancelled essentially before we even see a TPB, which is how *a lot* of the crossover titles that these are attempting to follow really take off at large. It feels like they've basically hit on a new thing in-between "ongoing" and "limited", but keep trying to fit it into one of those two boxes rather than actually looking at it on its own terms.
&gt; it doesn't seem like Barnes and Noble cares as much. I don't know if I've seen a Barnes and Noble that doesn't have a comics section, although it can vary in size and quality. I've seen some that have a few shelves that aren't stocked well, but the one near me now has a pretty deep selection. Smaller independent stores are more hit-or-miss, in my experience. Some of them don't even bother to carry comics (outside of maybe the really big crossover hits, like *Watchmen*), others will actually even recommend and highlight TPB for current series they like.
Trying stuff is good. But a lot of these are getting cancelled before they even get to trade, which is how a lot of the more unusual series have really taken off.
It's interesting because there's nothing really major in the Astros' history like there is with some other teams, but there's definitely a lot of little stuff that's irritated people. It probably depends who you're talking to. I know there are still some people who said they'd never forgive the team moving to the AL, and there are people who are angry at how hard the team tanked. Winning cures a lot of anger though, so maybe some people have cooled off from those, but you never know. The sketchiest thing is probably the Brady Aiken ordeal (although that's more for cancelling the contract of a second player, who needed money left-over from Aiken's deal supposedly being underslot, than the Aiken half of the issue).
The Aiken half was debatable, but reneging a second player’s deal because someone he had no relation to failed a physical is pretty clearly not, even if it is the best business practice.
Today is the 7th tho
It's a little more complicated. Houston is a big city, but "markets" usually includes the surrounding area, and Houston actually falls a bit there. Nielsen's rankings actually [put Houston eighth just in the US](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_television_stations_in_North_America_by_media_market), not even counting Toronto. And then there's the question of what we should do with two-team markets (four, maybe five markets ahead of them are two-team). It's probably closer to mid-tier, in all honesty.
I'm not seeing Stikbold? It was released last week I thought? Good job, otherwise!
As the Russia investigation has clearly shown, the Trump team is nothing if not honest, trustworthy, and forthright once you simply call out their lies two or three or twenty times.
Oops, my bad. I always mix-up peyote the coyote and axolotl peyote. The latter is a mod, the former is just a conspiracy regular. (Although, to be fair, they both have similar user names, similar opinions on most things, an undying loyalty to Trump, and a tendency to show up in busy threads to back each other up. But I’ll edit the body of the post.)
Yeah, that's the biggest thing for me, in both cases. It's the "subjects of conspiracies are simultaneously geniuses and dumbasses" thing, but at whiplash-inducing levels. * "These people are criminal masterminds!" * "...Who left a paper trail of their massive criminal schemes." * "But they kept a close eye on all of it!" * "...By keeping it literally at their house, the first place any investigators would look." * "But they finally decided to destroy it!" * "...But they can't even burn stuff correctly, and drew a bunch of attention by almost destroying their house." I suppose I should clarify: the Clinton side of thing fits this profile better, as it would require paying thousands over the years to keep people silent, but couldn’t be bothered to pay and keep this fire out of the news. The Trump side of things, this would fit right in, it’s just much more likely both fires are unrelated and they’ll get caught doing other dumbass shit.
&gt; so I don't really get what makes Soros so spooky as a wealthy political funder. It's three things, IMO. 1) Like others have said, he's not white/WASPy. That probably accounts for some of them, but not all of them. 2) Some of it is not being informed. Soros is the current boogeyman du jour of the right, and will get namedropped in conservative email threads, blogs, facebook groups, etc. Some of them may not even be aware of the GOP donors, and if they're told, they'll just write it off as "ah, both sides do it". 3) Some of them straight-up don't care about multibillionaires dropping millions on political stuff. They only care because Soros funds the "wrong" things.
The writer touched on each of those points a little bit: &gt;"The last time Marvel was in single digits was October 2015, when they had 9 female creators on 10 books. That was two and a half years ago, and since then their numbers shot up. Now, after several months of declines, they’ve essentially collapsed...And, adding insult to injury, some of the books listed above aren’t long for the world, with Hawkeye and She-Hulk soon to be cancelled. &gt;So, what is going on here? First off, Marvel’s already axed or benched several books that were mainstays for female creators, including America, Captain Marvel, Generation X , and Gwenpool. The publisher doesn’t appear overly invested in promoting books with female leads or creators. This slew of cancellations is not at all helping the publisher’s reputation either, which was already suffering after their higher ups suggested that diverse books and creators don’t sell on multiple occasions..." In any case, dropping back in totals that much and that rapidly is not a good look.
Sure, a one month drop probably isn't as bad as it seems, but "several months of decline" is hardly a good sign either and seems to mesh with the idea that the longer-term trend is more important. For some reason or another, Marvel has been seeing it's numbers on this front drop for several months.
He's also gone hard on the "it was *economic anxiety* that gave us Trump, not anything else, please stop focusing on anything else" train over the last few months, it seems. And he's been a little...unwilling to reconsider his framing of the 2016 election, which definitely was suboptimal at best, in retrospect. A lot of small stuff like that that sort of compounds.
Possibly, but there are still complicating factors in play there. This is still 25% of the number from just a year ago. Has there been that much turnover in series in that time? Are three quarters of the total creators at Marvel different than they were a year ago? Because even if it is in line with those figures, that's still a huge amount of turnover, and it's worth wondering what all is going on behind the scenes.
Sure, but some of them, like Gwenpool, Generation X, and Hawkeye (which is nearing it's end) were seeing low sales in spite of very good reviews and word of mouth. When even your good books are low in sales and getting cancelled, it's worth wondering if maybe a different approach should be attempted.
Yeah, it's super frustrating. It's not like people pop into threads about King/Walta's *Vision* or Ewing's *Ultimates* or whatever to say stuff like "Too bad, should have made stuff that sells!" (or if they do, those ones are usually downvoted and ignored). Every other discussion becomes "What can Marvel/whoever do better to help sales? What about comics buyers?"; why is this one just making excuses for the problem?
On top of this: [it's not like Activision-Blizzard is hurting for profits right now](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SFKnv1YzI3k). This isn't exactly a company that needs to nickel-and-dime at the margins to stay afloat.
&gt; To use the Jersey comparison, it'd be like buying a Jersey you're only allowed to wear 1 day every 20 something. There are a few other problems with the jersey comparisons I keep seeing. Jerseys are a physical item with real-world utility; skins are entirely in-game cosmetics. In other sports, you can also just buy a general team jersey with no name rather than a named jersey, which feels a lot closer to just getting every skin for a team. Also, OWL *already sells actual jerseys*. They're $60, i.e; *still less than a set of team skins*. I realize this initially feels like a natural point of comparison, but there are a lot of other factors, and I'm not sure they deserve to be treated as analogous.
It also gets weirder because in sports, a lot of people support their team because it's local. Despite the city names being in front of the teams' names, OWL teams don't have nearly as much to do with their locales, so things like aesthetics factor in to rooting a lot more..
&gt; 35£... more than the base game Hell, an authentic Overwatch League jersey only costs $60, and you can actually wear that while playing any hero.
He was moderating some Image panels at C2E2 last year, and he seemed like a cool dude. Even got to chat with him for a bit. Nice to see him moving up!
&gt; Are they supposed to pull people off the street to find non-binary creators? The author clearly meant that there should be 20 between women and non-binary. And why is that such a silly number? Marvel is running 70+ titles in March; assuming just 1 writer, artist, and colorist for each (a very conservative estimate), that's still 210+ openings. Why is it apparently so ridiculous to expect that not even 10% of Marvel's creators won't be men?
Someone tried to make a sub for that one time, and I'm a little sad it never took off. Edit: found it, /r/ule88. It's super-dead, it appears
&gt; So let's say in 100 years, the new social norm is that it is completely disgusting to own a pet because you are enslaving animals. And let's say there is a Barack H. Obama High School somewhere in the US. Would you think it fair that it be renamed, and all statues of Obama be torn down because he owned a dog during his presidency? Lol. This hypothetical is totally like the Civil War, because we're definitely at the stage right now where we’re about to fight a war over pets’ rights.
I kind of wondered if the Cole rumors weren't the Astros and Pirates truing to pressure Darvish/the Yankees into a greater sense of urgency.
He owned slaves, *but he felt so bad about it guys, just really bad!* Not bad enough to not go to war for it or anything. Certainly not bad enough to free them. But, you know, *so bad*. That makes it better, right?
The only time it's worth discussing plot hole are 1) trivia; 2) if the movie broke its own logic so noticeably that it took you out of the moment during the movie itself. Nothing in TLJ stood out to me as the latter. (also, there are a lot of people that don't quite understand what a plot hole actually is, just that it's bad)
[This was an interesting tweet, I thought](https://twitter.com/baseballtwit/status/951812292521455616): "Non-Hall of Famers with a 120 OPS+ and 8 Gold Gloves: OF Barry Bonds OF Jim Edmonds OF Dwight Evans 3B Scott Rolen soon to become the newest and first non-OF"
It's always struck me as pretty weird how inconsistent the Hall is on Munson versus other players who retired early/died young. Why Puckett and Campanella but not Munson? (I feel like there's another "retired early" player who got overlooked that I'm forgetting, too. And on the flip side, there's a guy like Minnie Minoso, who probably missed a few years at the start of his career and wasn't given that benefit of the doubt, either.)
&gt; Greenies probably but not 'roids. If the problem is that steroids are immoral and hurt the player via the character clause, why does the type of drug used to cheat make a difference?
Not especially? Any time I look at Hall snubs by team, it's hard to pick up on too much of a pattern, especially one harming St. Louis. Although, if anything, it probably hurts them more that they weren't in St. Louis for longer, which gave a false impression of them being journeymen or mercenaries or something like that.
Most of the good ongoings makes sure that you know what you need to know to get the gist of what's going on anyway. The back-catalog exists if you want it, but it's almost never necessary.
I don't feel especially plugged into the gossip world either, but I feel like the only ones that have actually shocked me so far are the ones where I just don't know anything about the field or the person being accused. All the others so far have ranged from "Oh yeah, I've heard something about that before" to "Not a surprise at all". And most of the biggest shitshows so far have multiple accusers, all with their receipts. I don't doubt that we could run into a situation where false accusations exist, but we're pretty far from that right now, and anyone concerned that what we see so far is somehow coming at the expense of "real victims" is being especially disingenuous. Edit: In retrospect, it's also pretty frustrating how, for so long, the biggest knock people had against those rumors was "well if it's true, why has no one formally accused them?", and now that there are accusations, there are still a lot of people arguing how "actually, that's not enough anyway".
["all these men saying it’s a “witch hunt” and yet we haven’t been allowed to throw any of them in a pond"](https://twitter.com/twcuddleston/status/952185503163535360)
Even there, it [looks like there was a lot of evidence](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bill_Cosby_sexual_assault_allegations) that just sort of got ignored for a long time. Heck, the thing that brought it into the public consciousness was that it was enough of an open secret (within the industry, at least) that Hannibal Burress made jokes about him being a shitty dude.
This seems fairly plausible. I know some people whose response to this has been to, at first, say something like "whatever happened to flirting?" or something, then to immediately shut up once they hear more about the accusations. Their first thoughts were that it was stuff like hugs or getting asked on a date, and they sort of just go quiet once they hear the accusations involve stuff like exposing their genitals or making threats for not having sex.
Also, Musgrove, Moran, and Feliz are all major league ready in 2018. It's two years of arbitration-eligible Cole for a bunch of pre-arbitration and arbitration eligible seasons. If any of them turn out even decent, that's a lot of surplus value right away.
I think a lot of people are overestimating him. I know I was; looking at his actual numbers, though, he only has two seasons of over 140 innings, he has a career ERA+ of 112, Fangraphs says his two best seasons were worth 5.5 and 3.1 WAR, B-R says 4.5 and 2.8... He's only 26, and there's obviously upside still there, but he also only has two more seasons before free agency, and they're both arbitration-eligible. Moran, Feliz, and Musgrove are all still pre-arb, so there's a lot more seasons at a lot less money, plus some upside of their own.
&gt; this looks more like the return you'd expect on a Sonny Gray instead of a Gerrit Cole. Fun fact: Gray actually has a better ERA+ than Cole in just 12 fewer career innings and has finished higher in Cy Young Voting than Cole ever has, so maybe that comparison is more applicable than you realized. I think the reports that Yankees offered Fraizer really set people down the wrong path of expectations.
My guess is that it's probably just a bunch of stuff around the margins, each of which pushed the value down a little. A team acquiring Cole now would get one fewer postseason push with him, which is a big hit to his value. The Pirates decided to focus on more majors-ready players, which means you get a little less upside in the pieces you do acquire. Pirates got a fourth piece instead of just three. Etc., etc. It's not like this group is totally without pedigree; Musgrove and Moran have each appeared on top prospect lists in the past, for instance.
Yeah, Feliz, Musgrove, and Moran will probably all see significant time on the Pirates' roster next year. That's pretty unusual for a trade like this, and I think a lot of people are overlooking that.
Based on this return, I'm kind of wondering if the Yankees just offered Frazier for Cole straight up or Frazier+a minor second name, and didn't want to budge beyond that.
This doesn't strike me as too far from the return for Sonny Gray, and he's pretty comparable to Cole (except the Astros now get one less postseason with Cole than the Yankees did with Gray). Based on that, it's less surprising than it first seems.
Yeah, it feels like a lot of people are treating prospects as definite hits and sophomore major leaguers one-year-removed from being prospects as failures since they didn't succeed immediately. Musgrove and Moran have prospect pedigrees of their own and a lot of controllable years, even if their rookie campaigns were rough, and Feliz definitely has tools out of the pen. They'll certainly all be on the Pirates' roster for basically all of 2018 and on, too. Also, I think Cole hasn't been as good as some people think. He's good, young, and there's upside, but he also has a 103 ERA+ the last two years. I think maybe people are overestimating the demand there.
&gt; He’s better than no Top 100 Prospects. Moran and Musgrove are both former Top 100 Prospects themselves, though. They're just not eligible for the list anymore because they lost their rookie status, but it does mean they're major league ready.
"Arguable" is definitely the key word there. I think there's value in trying to patch multiple holes, whereas outfield isn't really a pressing need for Pittsburgh. And Frazier's a top-30ish prospect, which is solid, but not a guaranteed All-Star or anything. Sometimes they're good, sometimes they're not. Look at [#20-30 from 2013](https://www.baseballamerica.com/today/prospects/rankings/top-100-prospects/2013/2614739.html), for example. You have a range of outcomes from Francisco Lindor and Anthony Rendon to Danny Hultzen and Kyle Zimmer, and everything in between.
&gt;**Do you think the Pirates got fair value for Cole?** &gt;I don't. Yes, Cole struggled for large portions of 2017 and outside of 2015 hasn't looked like the pitcher who was the first overall pick in 2011. On the flip side, Cole has a 103 ERA+ since that 2015 season, and he's moving to the tougher league to pitch in. I think he still has a lot of upside, but there's no guarantee he matches that, and he only has two seasons to live up to that before he leaves. I think people are overplaying the difference in the two sides of this trade.
Sure, they probably can. But that also doesn't change what he's actually done the last few years, and that probably goes a long way to explaining the gulf in what people expected them to get and what they actually got.
Also, leaving aside where he would play, I'm not sure he is that much more valuable. 2017 prospect lists seem to put him in the top 20-30 range (BP says 16, BA says 39, MLB says 24). [Look at the top 20-30 range from 2013](http://mlb.mlb.com/mlb/prospects/watch/y2013/), for reference. Some good names there, in Aaron Sanchez, Jackie Bradley, George Springer, and Gary Sanchez. But you also have just as many guys who still haven't played in the majors in Mark Appel, Kyle Zimmer, Taylor Guerrieri, and Danny Hultzen, plus two more guys who haven't lived up to their promise in Albert Almora and Jorge Soler. BP and BA are pretty similar.
There are a lot of threads about him and it turns out that my opinion clashes with the majority opinion, so I feel compelled to discuss it. Besides, it’s either talk baseball or watch the Patriots ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯ But believe it or not, I’m actually from Houston, so it’s not like I’m rooting against him or anything. I think the Astros got a good deal; thanks to their depth, they didn’t lose anyone instrumental to 2018 or ‘19. But the deal makes a hell of a lot more sense and looks a lot less like the highway robbery many are framing it as if you view it as trading for someone like Sonny Gray, which performance so far seems to indicate isn’t too far off. It doesn’t strike me at all as an outright dumb move by the Pirates, and I think it’s important to be realistic about expectations in both directions.
2018-being-paid-by-other-teams Adrian Gonzalez feels like the Mets-iest of not-Mets, so this makes sense.
Part of the problem is that even if they falter and aren’t the best in their division, there are still multiple wild card slots they can make instead. That’s a huge safety net for any team considered the favorite.
Just some top-of-my-head math: * 1/3 of the teams in the league go to the postseason in a given year. Let’s assume it’s totally random which third that is. * Therefore, the odds of not making the playoffs is 2/3. So, the odds of all 10 given teams not making the postseason is (2/3) \* (2/3) \* (2/3) \* ... , which simplifies to (2/3)^10. * That works out to about 1.7%. Of course, that’s assuming that how good a team is in season x has no correlation with how good they are in season x+1, which we know is definitely not true. So, I’d put the chances of it happening in the current format at well below 1%.
&gt; From 2012 to 2017, there has been either 4 or 5 teams going reappearing in the playoffs on year n+1. So the odds of not making postseason for these teams are more around the likes of 25/30. This part doesn't make sense. If 4 or 5 playoff teams out of ten repeat in year n+1, then the odds of not making the playoffs should be either 3/5 or 1/2. .6^10 is ~0.6%, .5^10 is ~0.1%.
Yeah, for all of the "pitchers hitting adds strategy" talk, I'd say the AL game actually has the more interesting and nuanced strategy. Managers have to know when to change pitchers and can't rely on the batting order to save them from leaving a guy in too long; pitchers have to know how to pitch to a real hitter rather than a pitcher in tough spots; a lot of "pitcher batting" strategy is just knowing that you'll be giving the sac bunt sign with runners on and less than two outs; etc.
Also, it's pretty telling that no one factors in how well pitchers hit when offering them contracts or making trades. Being that awful at an entire facet of the game will actually cost you money at any other position, but it's pretty clear that no matter how good or bad a hitter a pitcher is, teams take literally none of that into account when making deals.
Also, I think JAWS sorts by position by where most of a player's best seasons came from anyway (hence why Ernie Banks is still considered a SS even though he played more at 1B, for instance). So Mauer would need something like 40-50 WAR as a first basemen to get moved over, which just isn't happening.
Ryan Howard didn't play in the Majors in 2017, so he'll be on the 2022 ballot unless he makes a comeback. The Hall used to count minor league time against when a player joined the ballot, but no longer does.
Wood had arm troubles well before Baker was even hired.
Yeah, that’s what I thought of. Andrew McCutchen and Evan Longoria are going to be teammates next season. On the Giants. That’s really freaking weird
Nah, it sounds like they got BDeadpool
Not only that, but they have McCutchen's replacement basically ready in Austin Meadows. And McCutchen will probably be better in 2018, but I think Meadows has the higher ceiling for this season.
On the one hand, I think it's far to criticize the Pirates (well, the owner, mostly) for not spending more money to help the team win. Especially when their window was open (Brian Kenney made a good point about this on Twitter, comparing it to the Astros). On the other hand, I don't think these trades are anywhere near the white flag many people are making them out to be, and there's a decent amount to like about them. McCutchen was likely gone after the year, and his replacement Austin Meadows is basically ready now (in fact, I'd say there's a non-zero chance he has a better 2018, although I'd say McCutchen has the higher floor). Cole was gone after 2019 and needs some sort of mechanics-tweaking that the Pirates apparently didn't think they could provide. And like the author said, the "brand value" of those two doesn't quite line up with their actual value, given their age, cost, and recent performances. Overall, these moves are hardly the signs of a full tear-down like some are reading into it.
I've said it before, but there's zero reason to not give home field advantages to the records, regardless of whether they win the division or not. The only argument against this that makes any sense is "unbalanced schedule", but in these scenarios, the unbalanced schedule is going to help the team with the worse record most of the time anyway.
&gt; Could Cole put up 10 WAR over the next 2 seasons? Sure, but is that honestly realistic Hell, I think it's feasible, but whether you should be *expecting it* is an entirely separate question. I think Cole can be fixed, and the Astros might be the team to do it, but if the Pirates specifically don't think they can fix him, should they just hold on to him in the hopes he puts it together in the next two years, or try and get players who they think they can use and help grow? And at what cutoff a reasonableness does this type of trade make sense? If you think there's a 10% chance Cole regains his form, do you take the younger players you think have potential? What about 20%? 30%? and so on. Point being, there are a lot of moving parts in this decision that I feel like are being oversimplified.
&gt; The middle ground is almost never the comment section in this sub. This sub is a lot better than a lot of baseball forums I've seen, but I still wouldn't trust its (collective) analysis over most professionals (I'm not even sure it's the baseball forum that I'd trust the most, tbh, but that's neither here nor there). The sub (on the whole) frequently falls victim to a host of problems, like when it overvalues name/history, gets a little too fixated on certain prospects, ignores monetary values involved, downplays odds it doesn't like, fixates too much on the "contending/rebuilding" dichotomy, and so on and so on. Sometimes the sub's valuations line up with those others, but that's not all of the time, and I'd say the Pirates trades are one of those areas where they don't. I've seen some professionals who don't like the players they got back, and I've seen some people who are upset the owners don't spend more money, but I don't think I've seen any accusing the front office of trying to tank or not getting back value. In this case, I think I'll side with Fangraphs et al.
&gt; They aren't going to contend this year I don't even know if I'd go that far. I believe Fangraphs pointed out that their projects (both before and after the trades) pegged the Pirates for 84 wins, right in the range of the second Wild Card. There's enough randomness in a season that it wouldn't take too many lucky breaks for this to become a competing year. Just look at the Brewers last year, for example.
Of course, he probably lost two or three All-Star Games at the start of his career to the one-per-team rule (he didn't even pick up his first All-Star selection until the year he was traded to St. Louis!), so he probably actually came out behind in the end.
I'm betting next year. He has a couple things going for him: 1) A big boost this year could lead to a big boost next year; momentum is a big factor for Hall voting. 2) If a player is close, more voters usually flip to their case to help push them over. If he gets in the mid-60s, he's in the right range. 3) The ballot will be much clearer next year for converts. Up to 5 names leaving the ballot + a slightly weaker class of first-years (it's solid, between Rivera, Halladay, Helton, and Pettitte, but not like this year's) means a lot more openings for voters.
Oh, that’s fair. I forgot the exact number, but they were definitely in range of WC2 whatever it was
Of course, population growth, integration, and international expansion have far outpaced league expansion in that same time, meaning that a smaller percentage of the overall pool of potential players is also dropping.
&gt; it's not complicated math. Sure, but doing math entirely verbally is more difficult than normal, especially if you're doing it while focusing on other things. (Also, I'm not sure that it's supposed to be difficult anyway? It's just two smart people conversing in math.)
If we're getting realistic about things, geniuses also don't look much like they do in the Marvel universe (or pop culture fiction in general, really). Omnidisciplinary scientists aren't really a thing to the extent they are in Marvel, expertise in a given field looks a hell of a lot more narrow than it does in comics, there aren't really "smartest person" rankings, research and invention looks little like it does in comics, etc.
I think a lot of people don't realize how much of the music industry is publicity, curation, and such. It feels like one of those things that seems way more menacing/intrusive as a total outsider than it really is.
They usually leave more opinion-y stuff like that, it contributes to the "open-minded, both-sides " appearance. Most stuff like that won't sway many opinions in either direction anyway. They get way touchier about the factual stuff, like "evidence that Trump did X", or "Trump team's testimony directly contradicts what we know".
&gt; The GameCube had those connectivity cables let you use a GBA as a controller. I totally forgot about those, but wow does that fit in super nicely with the Wii U and Switch. This is an idea they've been big on for even longer than I realized.
As it turns out, she most recently wound up leading/mentoring the new Generation X team, and as of the last issue, she now is cured of vampirism and has her powers back (thanks to the Phoenix Force). Aren't comics great?
Also, I'd imagine part of it is how readily he uses the military as a shield against criticisms of himself and his administration.
&gt; especially tough when private voters are notoriously small hall and anti-DH One thing giving me pause is (IIRC), the anonymous guys are also pretty susceptible to "momentum", so Edgar posting big gains so far might bode well for other guys flipping to him. But it still might not be enough.
I think it might. He'll be something of a test-case for modern starters, I think. Unlike Mussina and Schilling, he actually got recognition for being one of the best of his era (whereas Mussina and Schilling had a lot of tough losses in the Cy Young vote). Usually guys with only 203 wins struggle, though, but it also seems like I've seen more "buzz" from voters about him being a Hall of Famer, which reminds me of Vlad (who's rapid success on the ballot caught me a little by surprise). His untimely death might ultimately tip things in his favor.
On the flipside, there are arguably twice as many guys deserving a vote as there are slots on the ballot. This seems like arguing that your sink is working fine because water still comes through it after it backs up enough to force its way through some cracks in whatever's clogging it. Why not just fix the flawed system rather than forcing voters to correct for a flawed system via strategic votes designed to counter it?
There are a number of problems with this oversimplification. We regularly saw 2-men classes through the 2000s, and even if there were some 1-man classes, there was also the occasional 3-man class as well. Meanwhile, we have no idea if this will continue, as it's still pretty new and not much of a trend to go on (remember, we're just two years removed from a 2-man BBWAA class and five removed from a 0-man one). This also ignores that the VC has basically trickled to a halt in inducting players as well, and that the rate of induction had been falling for years prior to the uptick in the past few years. It still isn't up to a scaled-up rate from pre-expansion.
&gt; when the ballot thins out That's part of the problem, though. Even once we clear out this ballot with a large class, next year will add Rivera and Halladay to the mix, and I'm sure Pettitte and Helton will have their supporters. On top of it, there are a lot of guys ahead of him as well; it's rare to see guys leapfrogging others for support. Will the names ahead of him continue to go in at a rate of 2-4 per year? If not, the ballot can easily get clogged again, leaving him stuck beneath a lot of good players.
Just finished the game on Steam a few weeks ago and really excited to see it coming to the Switch now! A few questions: * What's the story behind the game? Where'd the idea come from, how'd the team form, how long was development, and any other interesting stories behind the process? * Will the Switch version include a level editor and a level-editing community/hub as well? Thanks!
Based on how I remember the Dawson cap situation going, it sounds like the Expos not existing currently hurts that side of the argument a lot. That will probably end up being the deciding factor for Vlad.
&gt; Because there's no shame in being worse than Pedro or Randy. See, you and I know this, but I'm not sure a sizable chunk of the BBWAA does. Halladay feels like Vladimir Guerrero: someone who technically doesn't match up to a lot of similar players on the ballot but who seems to have made an impression on voters and will get support for that reason. I don't know if he'll be a first ballot (his passing will probably help in that regard), but I think his march to induction will be a lot quicker than you're expecting.
There's no real marginal utility to me getting a Switch version of SotM given that I have the tablet version, but seeing that as an option still got me a little excited.
Wait, so they had space for a Hideki Matsui vote, 2 Fred McGriffs and Billy Wagner votes, 3 Jeff Kent votes, 4 Omar Vizquels, and 12 blank spaces, but none of them voted for Scott Rolen and Andrew Jones? And only one Larry Walker?
“Mountcastle” is such a great name and I hope he’s around the majors for a while.
I guess I can see that, but I’m curious if it’s how he voted in the past? Did he vote for Hideo Nomo as well? He seems to be much more of a historic trailblazer overall. What about, say, Hiroki Kuroda? Does he plan on voting for him based on combined stats as well? Would he have voted for Chan Ho Park? I don’t remember much anger on him being left off, but maybe I missed it. I guess that, overall, I’m not against the reasoning, but it seems a little weak on such a full ballot, and I’m kind of skeptical he’s been applying this reasoning consistently.
It almost certainly got brigaded
You don't even get suspended for it at the Major League level, just the minors.
Also on that note, is Morning Glories just not happening anymore?
&gt; That's like if, I don't know, J.J Abrams directed Pulp Fiction 2. Fans of the original would be livid because it was build as one story and is a masterpiece. Given point two, maybe also like WB deciding there needs to be a "Fuller Metal Jacket" and immediately naming Michael Bay the writer and director.
Feels like a big drop for Mussina for some reason. I think he still has a good chance for next year, but I was hoping he would be a little closer to 70%.
Does anyone know how many full ballots left him off? I know at least three full-ballot guys dropped him, presumably because they figured he wouldn't get this close this year. Anyone else though? Would he have made it on an unlimited ballot? Just counted, and there were 20 full ballots that didn't include Edgar. It's not guaranteed he would have made it on without the ten-man rule, but the odds seem pretty good that he would have.
It's worth noting that Edgar Martinez fell 20 votes shy, and we know at least 20 public ballots used the full ten spaces but didn't have room for him. It seems pretty likely that the ten-man limit dropped him below 75%.
1) It's worth noting that [Roy Oswalt was pretty good in the clutch in his own right](https://www.billjamesonline.com/big_game_pitchers_part_vii/). 2) Koufax was elected on his first ballot with 87% of the vote. Oswalt will probably fail to hit 5% next year and fall off the ballot after one year. Regardless of where exactly the line between "Hall of Famer" and "Not In" falls, I don't know that the things separating them amount to a &gt;82% difference. It's at least worth reflecting on, I think.
Yeah, I don't think I would vote for Oswalt next year, especially given how crowded the ballot still is and the fact that Clemens, Schilling, Mussina, and Halladay will all be there. But, I do think 1) the Hall has done a bad job of keeping up with the changes to starting pitching over the years; and 2) Oswalt actually compares much better to guys already in than I realized; 3) if I were running my ideal version of the Hall that had already cleared off the Mussinas and Schillings and what not, Oswalt would probably merit strong consideration.
Of course, it's also worth noting that, despite Koufax having better seasons, Santana and Oswalt both surpass him in Wins Above Average (33.1 for Santana, 32.4 for Oswalt, 26.8 for Koufax). Koufax always makes for a weird comparison because his peak was SO good, but also short, and it makes for an interesting edge case. Like, if you cut it down to *just* his good years, that's hard to beat. But should "peak" just refer to the best six seasons? That's highly arbitrary, and basically designed specifically to help Koufax (since that maps to exactly as long as he was good). Why not seven years for a peak, like JAWS uses? Or maybe eight? Or even a decade? It's an interesting thought experiment at least, I think.
My guess is that there was no Orioles team that had all four of Palmer, Ripken, Murray, and Brooks, while all 4 of the Braves were on the the team simultaneously at different points.
I've always wondered teams even bother with "unofficial" number retirements. You're already keeping the number out of circulation anyway, just make it official.
Or Trout could pull a Carlton Fisk and switch to 72
He can still do that, of course.
It’s called a quarter life crisis my dude
A lot of people still think that being “smart” or “educated” entails knowing everything, like being a comic book supergenius. A big part of being educated is knowing when you’re out of your depth, and realizing that you should just be quiet and defer to people who know more
Nintendo is releasing some new retro games service that *doesn’t* take forever to fill in the back catalog like the VC
Of course, they never get too explicitly into the politics, but Star Wars has always been pretty open about the Empire drawing influence from the Third Reich, so it’s like...maybe the first level of subtext. Not too much of a reach to guess even if you just stick to the OT and have a decent knowledge of history.
Also, there was that official online poll a few weeks ago that had TLJ just behind SW and ESB (before /r/prequelmemes got ahold of it and tried to push RotS to the top). Edit: Also, it’s worth nothing that CinemaScore is a weird scale. It’s not even close to a normal school scale grading scale, despite borrowing the format. I believe under 80 movies all-time (dating back to the 1980s) have hit A+. Meanwhile, there have only been 20 or so Fs ever, and the company acknowledges that As are generally solid while Bs are shaky. A is fine to the point of unremarkability and basically covers everything from “just shy of a classic” to “hey, I like this but might never think about it again”, while A- is much more notable and generally represents a genuine shift in how a movie is viewed (for instance, I think both *Batman* and the Nolan trilogy all got As, while *Batman Forever* got an A-, and *Catwoman* and BvS both got Bs; similarly, the only Star Wars film to get above an A is the 1997 re-release of the original).
Has there ever been a case where a franchise gave the fans exactly what they wanted and it turned out well? *Solo* feels like a best case scenario for it; most of the time, it ends much worse.
Yeah, this whole discussion is reminding me a lot of the scattered talk we got recently of “*Rogue One* only did half as well as TFA, is Star Wars in trouble?” I think Disney has done a pretty good job establishing that *Solo* isn’t a main film, they just didn’t do as good a job of selling it as they did with *Rogue One*
Was Korra especially fanservice-y? It never struck me as such. I guess Aang and Katara ending up together, but even then, Korra also showed Aang had some major failings as an adult.
Nah, it seems the mistake was deciding to change courses midstream. Lord and Miller left something like 6 weeks into shooting, and at least one major part had to be totally recast to be reshot (among other changes). If there’s anyone who screwed up, it’s probably Disney, but only because I don’t know why you bring in Lord and Miller (the 21 Jump Street/LEGO Movie guys) to start filming if the movie you wanted was something like what we ended up getting.
While we’re doing opinions that apparently get people online riled up: Rose Tico is a good character.
Wait so the last guy consumed people who sort by new?
Can you at least sticky their response directly instead of just stickying the link to it? That might be more convenient.
So OP, since the devs responded (11 hours ago) with perfectly legitimate technical and budgetary concerns limiting them at the moment, are you going to update your front page post unfairly bashing them? Or at least link to their response in your main post?
wut
relatable
Or like that shitty thread the other day where someone blew something the devs said out of context into "we're lazy and don't want to do this" when they literally meant "we need to see how it does first so we'll know whether it's worth investing a bunch of new resources", and everyone started hoping for the studio to shut down over the misinterpretation?
1) It’s not like they maliciously choose to remove those features. The engine they use and the Switch don’t work well together, as they explained, and it would require a massive investment of resources to fix. 2) They’re hardly the first company to charge more for a game on the Switch. Why the hate for them specifically? Shoot, even Nintendo does it. You don’t have to like it; just don’t buy the game or whatever. Publicly maligning a specific company that isn’t even out of the ordinary on it is clearly ridiculous. 3) Regardless of whether it’s a bad decision or not, some people wishing them to shut down over it is clearly a bridge too far and the result of fanboy butthurt. 4) The thread about the subject was clearly structured in a way to encourage outrage and witch hunting, including the OP trying to “read between the lines” to show that it wasn’t just another game that costs a little more on the Switch, calling the devs lazy and other BS. Hell, it’s been days since the devs responded to them and the OP of that thread *still* hasn’t added in their response, like any person actually interested in fairness would do. 5) The OP’s actions aside, a lot of people in that thread were all-too-willing to indulge in OP’s scapegoating for them. 6) And this is all leaving aside that the company’s decision is totally understandable, in any case. That way, if they *do* end up adding online because it’s manageable, everyone has it and they don’t have to add extra DLC. And this isn’t even getting into supply and demand type economic arguments or anything.
&gt; If a four year old gives you a thump ...Are you equating Switch-owners to a swarm of four-year-olds, mentally? I feel like you need to re-evaluate this analogy.
This is a reoccurring thing with online outrage. As soon as the mob realizes that they're totally in the wrong, a bunch of them start trying to post-hoc justify why "actually, it was kind of okay, because I wasn't totally in the wrong". So once it comes out the original person didn't lie or lead anyone on at all or do anything, it starts shifting to nitpicking like "well, actually they should have acted more professionally" or "oh, they need to phrase it better", or "well, technically if you think about it this way, they're wrong", or so on, like any of those faux pas merited an outpouring of abuse in the first place.
Which is why it’s a shitty comparison. If you’re old enough to have social media accounts, you have a hell of a lot more agency and maturity than a four-year-old. It’s an entirely different problem.
It's the D-Reaper, trying to leave the Digital World
&gt; Also Stanton was traded and every baseball fan was incredibly salty about it. Although it seemed like most people were salty at the Yankees and Marlins, not Stanton himself.
Basically, unless he decides he doesn't want it. Gil Meche gave up his remaining money when he retired, for example, but that was a special case.
Yeah, that seems kind of like a "when God closes a door, he opens a window" approach to handling a major disappointment. Pretty harmless overall.
I can't see many other ways comments blatantly regurgitating Trump's "Obama wiretapppped me!" nonsense would get hundreds of upvotes
Remember that survey a few months ago where every me_irl user over 21 was just listed as "old"? This is our revenge.
I loved Hyperbole and a Half back in the day. Does anyone know what happened to the author? It looks like it still hasn't updated in five years.
Glad to see this make a comeback! More of Whitley on it is also good to hear, and Gurihiru seems like a perfect match to the book
Walker’s social consciousness ties in nicely with the character in a way that improved what was admittedly kind of just a shallow introduction in Supreme Power, and it was a lot more interesting than the concurrent Squadron Supreme book at the time (which was the one I was originally more excited about, since I didn’t know a lot about the individual characters in it).
I had hoped they’d stop doing that after Squirrel-Girl got two \#1s in a year (since it feels like this has a similar market), but I guess not.
Yep, I loved it! Definitely worth checking out if it sounds to your taste or if you have Unlimited (whole original run is up)
Yeah, I had a moment where I worried that might count as a spoiler to the original run and went with Pym, but I probably should have just followed the tweet’s lead &gt;_&lt;
Yeah, I just went back and checked MLB.com's 2011 list. If you the top five that year went in order in this exercise, 1 and 2 would be doing fine, but 3-5 would have gotten stuck with Matt Moore, Julio Teheran, and Shelby Miller in order (they had Machado tenth overall). 2012 is a pretty up-and-down bunch as well (Profar, Bundy, Myers, Walker, Bauer). Given how hit-or-miss even the established stars were, I don't blame anyone for trying their luck on a top prospect. And Trout and Harper were definitely generational prospects, too, so you can justify taking them a little earlier. But I don't think we'd be seeing runs on the top ten prospects or anything in a 2018 edition.
Is...is the Coke giving the price for itself?
make a stuart little mii fighter
ha ha, yes
It's called Super Smash Bros Ultimate I mean, me too thanks
This is one of my favorite things ever. There are just to many great parts to list
Dang, that sound would sync up perfectly with the gif
&gt; I have little doubt that Comey is a man of honesty and integrity. Might want to hold off on that. "[IG found that on numerous occasions, COMEY used a personal GMail account to conduct official FBI business, according to source briefed on the report.](https://twitter.com/kyledcheney/status/1007317351031861248)" Breaking protocol to report on Clinton in a way that could influence the election despite doing as bad or worse things himself doesn't seem like the height of ethics to me...
Kinda figured, but decided it was still worth yelling it into the void
I feel like this comment section will be a good place to ask if anyone else has the original template?
Luigi was only created so Mario could have a headbutt-sewer-turtles-from-underneath-then-kick-them partner, so...
haha that yoshi's a big 'un
So glad to find out there's finally a date! Loved it for Wii U and definitely looking forward to more of this
Wait, so will they just remove any thread as soon as TMOR links to it now? That could be a fun rule to call them on, just link random threads the mods like, then use that to argue the thread should be removed for brigading.
That ties the franchise record for longest win streak, too! Good way to do it!
Yeah, the reason we're getting daily updates is because it's incredible. If /r/baseball had existed in 2001, I'd imagine we'd be getting 2 or 3 front page posts a day about Barry Bonds' home runs. Same thing here. Also, because of Reddit's structure, providing super-regular commentary about this is incentivized and quick, easy-to-digest trivia bits are easier to upvote and make the front page, but that's a issue separate from the baseball side of things
&gt; That doesn't mean it's being used properly all the time but it's a great way to quickly see how a player is doing. I'm not even sure if it's being used incorrectly all that frequently, to be honest. It feels like most of the times I see it being used by itself, it's either 1) a tweet or short self-post used to highlight trivia, so of course things are gonna have to be left out; or 2) being used to sift through large quantities of data to generate historic lists of players, and there's definitely no other single stat I'd prefer over it in those cases. It's likely that some people reading those things are misinterpreting them or something, but the people presenting the stats aren't necessarily doing anything wrong, and it seems silly to stick a basic disclaimer about how to interpret WAR in front of anything that mentions it; it's not like we'd be doing that for someone posting just batting average or just RBI totals or something.
Sales have also lowered overtime because comics publishers and distributors have slowly made it harder to sell their product, retreating from selling in places like newsstands and supermarkets to instead focus on specialty stores. It was part of that shift around the '90s, and it worked for a while, but it did hurt their spread long-term because now interested individuals had to seek them out specifically. Of course, sales have rebounded since then, and that's even before taking into account things like graphic novels (which are actually sold in more places like bookstores) and popular movies.There's a lot wrong with their model (it's still a way too focused on individual floppy sales, which basically only go through comic stores, for instance), but there is at least some effort to counteract that now. Anyone blaming "tumblr" for this is just talking out of their ass.
&gt; Bonus confusion when the person being upset about it complains "it doesn't even do anything" or any variation - if it doesn't, why do they care? The "it breaks my immersion" thing is such transparent bullshit, too. SCP is basically supposed to be set in the real world (IIRC), just in a shadowy MIB/X-Files-like agency that the public doesn't see. Why *wouldn't* they know about and acknowledge Pride Month?
&gt;[More star wars drama](https://www.reddit.com/r/SCP/comments/8ry97x/on_recent_developments/e0wzo2k/?st=jini88tw&amp;sh=f1d3b8aa) Jesus Christ, are they *still* going on about this? &gt;Yeah, they're learning the same lesson Star Wars recently learned: don't attack your fan base, particularly if they're who literally made you. I don't know how many times this lesson has to be taught. "ENDURE OUR HARASSMENT IN DEFERENTIAL SILENCE, OR ELSE!!!!11!"
&gt; they have little to no regard for the well-being of their personnel, so they wouldn't do it for their LGBT+ employees either I'm not super deep into the lore or anything, but I feel like you could get some solid dark humor out of them doing it as a cynical way of not doing anything else for employees. Not sure if that's too out of their zone, though. &gt;It's still bullshit of course. The SCP website never struck me as really caring about pretending it's all real, so "muh immersion" is a pretty transparent deflection from the real reason they're upset about it. Yeah, it seems like if you're arguing about the logo this much, the voting and comment system would be just as "immersion-breaking"
&gt; Oh, definitely - a lot of these comics just haven't been that good Even then, I'm always a little skeptical of this take. Most of the legacy series have been pretty good. A lot of people I see seem to agree that Kamala Khan, Laura Kinney, and Miles Morales are already pretty well-accepted by fans, and usually get pointed to as "the right way to do things". The Jane Foster run of Thor got numerous award nominations. Captain Marvel hasn't been as good since Kelly Sue DeConnick left, but her run at least is an all-timer as well (and Carol has pretty well been accepted into the role overall). I can't think of any series starring Kate Bishop that *hasn't* been well-acclaimed (between the Fraction/Aja run, her current solo on-going, the various Young Avengers series...). I though Nick Spencer's run on Sam Wilson was pretty good. That's a pretty large chunk of the "legacy" heroes; who else does that even leave? Sam/Nova, Amadeus/Hulk, Riri/Ironheart, and Nadia/Wasp? And those are just the "unknowns" (although I know Amadeus and Nadia definitely have their fans). So which series are the "bad" legacy series, exactly? Most of the series I see this criticism applied to in specific aren't legacy characters, just new series starring or written by minorities (like Mosaic, America, etc), which makes me pretty suspicious of the original claim.
&gt; as an adult I really can’t keep up with all the cross-overs, special editions, etc To be honest, the secret is that all of the best Marvel series right now have basically nothing to do with whatever the current event is. They might allude to it (like Ms. Marvel recently did), but they'll tell you everything you need to know and it'll have zero impact on the event itself.
Not to mention that, to 90% of people, they’d probably (rightly) describe what happened as “*Star Wars* fans were assholes who harassed a main actor from the series to extremes. Again.”
11th highest grossing film of all-time (ninth before this year). So, y’know, basically a flop.
It's always frustrating to see people bemoan the death of New Deal-esque policies, while falling *just shy* of realizing/admitting that the Civil Rights movement is what broke up the coalition pushing those policies.
It doesn't help that a lot of politics' supposedly "neutral arbitrators" (mainstream media, intelligence agencies) went out of their way and broke decades of decorum to portray the candidates as essentially equal, in spite of all evidence pointing to the contrary (see, for example: Comey breaking policy to comment on Clinton while the FBI fed false stories about the Trump campaigns's foreign collusion to the NYT; or, major news channels spending as much or more time on Clinton's non-scandals than all of Trump's scandals combined).
Yeah, people like to say you can't do that because of uneven schedule or whatever, but generally, a Wild Card team with a better record than a division winner will have had a tougher schedule anyway, so it's even less reason to care.
&gt; And you know why Ryan Howard batted in all those runs? Because he went God mode with RISP, hitting .320 with an OPS over 1. But, even more critically, *he had Chase Utley and Shane Victorino on base all the time in front of him*. Pujols actually hit *better* with RISP (and in a worse hitting environment), batting .340 with an OPS over 1.2. But he finished with 30 fewer RBI, because he was hitting behind Skip Schumaker, Rick Ankiel, Aaron Miles, and so on most of the year. Also, it's worth noting that Howard only had 2.29 WPA that year, tied for 40th in the league among hitters with David DeJesus. WPA is specifically designed to track change in game state/a team's chance of winning due to a player's plate appearances, so it's not just WAR saying that Howard's line was a little misleading.
Also, rather critically, player runs/RBI =/= team runs, and it's important not to conflate them when comparing individual players. It's silly to give Howard full credit for all 146 of those RBI when a big part of why it happened was that he came to the plate with runners in scoring position nearly a third of the times he came to the plate. Pujols, for instance (since he's the comparison here) hit nearly 20 points better in RISP situations, but got 30 fewer RBI because he just didn't get the same quantity of players to bat in in the first place.
&gt; Bill Simmons has a quote somewhere about the Fear of God Test. That is, if a hitter’s presence in a big spot induces the fear of god in the opposing fans. &gt; &gt; That was peak Howard. I hate this argument. I absolutely never feared seeing Howard at the plate the way I did, say, Chase Utley, or even Jayson Werth. Even if it was his peak, all you needed was a decent lefty to shut him down (even in 2008, he hit .224 with a sub-.300 OBP against LHP). Does my general indifference to him counteract your fear of him?
Also, a 120 wRC+ isn't that great once you factor in that he was a first baseman. In fact, [12 qualified first basemen had a better wRC+ that year](https://www.fangraphs.com/leaders.aspx?pos=1b&amp;stats=bat&amp;lg=all&amp;qual=y&amp;type=8&amp;season=2008&amp;month=0&amp;season1=2008&amp;ind=0&amp;team=0&amp;rost=0&amp;age=0&amp;filter=&amp;players=0&amp;sort=17,d).
Hell, let's just compare him to a few other first basemen from the year: Howard: 223 PA, .320 AVG, 1.028 OPS Pujols: 176 PA, .339 AVG, 1.201 OPS Lance Berkman: 195 PA, .345 AVG, 1.089 OPS Kevin Youkilis: 182 PA, .374 AVG, 1.091 OPS Adrian Gonzalez: 194 PA, .325 AVG, 1.028 OPS "God mode" is apparently a lot more common than it seemed. Howard's main skill seems to be getting 30 to 50 more plate appearances with RISP.
Not only that, but WAR considers position, and that makes Howard look much worse. He played the easiest position on the diamond poorly, and his hitting stats don’t stand out all that well against other first basemen once you strip out RBI (for example, he ranked *13th* among qualified first basemen in wRC+ that year).
&gt; Kate Bishop has some hate for what marvel did to her and clint and that whole cheating thing. I think you're confusing Kate with Bobbi Morse/Mockingbird? Because I can't think of what you're referencing otherwise.
&gt; I have no idea why nobody pounced on that Probably because it looks like nothing unless you're familiar with some pretty nutso right-wing propaganda (it looks like a pretty innocent play on Obama's name otherwise), not to mention that not everyone checks usernames every time. Heck, I'm usually pretty familiar with /r/conspiracy-type talking points, and it still didn't click until you mentioned it.
"How embarrassing!"
oof ouch owie
To play Devil's Advocate (pun intended): On the other hand, Brand New Day was decent, and came about as a direct result of OMD. Also, you can at least see the reasoning that led to OMD. Sins Past never made any sense, and everyone realized it was too toxic to ever touch again.
IIRC, they were advertised as "learning new phrases", but it was just that they were programmed with a set number of phrases and some were just set to stay out of use until they had been on a certain amount of time.
I saw an article where someone traced how the boss in Dilbert has been portrayed, and there's been a noticeable shift over the last five to ten years towards him being portrayed as competent and the officeworkers under him being portrayed as whiny.
[Here!](https://www.theawl.com/2017/12/dilbert-a-reckoning/)
Cardinals legend Edwin Jackson
&gt;No. I should not waste my time in stuff that will provide no meaningful outcome and spend it on stuff that will benefit myself or others. They said, in a comment 7 replies deep to another random comment on an /r/playstation meme post.
we're gettin fancy now
I'm still angry at how many people claimed that noting there was an open Supreme Court was "blackmail" back in 2016.
I agree with a lot of this to an extent, but I feel like there are also important qualifiers in play. &gt;Some of it is well-earned, following their history of talking a big progressive game, but ultimately settling on something bearing only a pale resemblance to what was promised. Maybe those centrist compromises and right-wing capitulations were the only pragmatic choice, but they always manage to leave their big business donors feeling satisfied. I'd argue that even this is unfair. I see a lot of people (on the left and not) who chalk every instance of not getting what they want to "Dems sold out to big business donors", regardless of things like polling or voting results or process reasons that interfered. For instance, just look at every time someone blames the end result of the ACA on Dems instead of noting that it was held up by Independent Joe Lieberman. Or, similarly, I've seen a lot of people blame Dems for the recent Supreme Court decisions when, practically, the only ways to stop Republicans' plan to deny a ninth justice were at the ballot box in 2014 or '16. There are frequently other factors in play, and ignoring stuff like that only feeds into the "both sides are the same" bullshit that a lot of (quite frankly, uninformed) people like to parrot. &gt;It's hard to take a wealthy politician's word that whatever bill was the best they could do when you're still living paycheck to paycheck, struggling to make ends meet. Like, Cory Booker says he supports universal healthcare, now, but he still has a history of taking money from the Pharmaceutical industry and blocking legislation that could help improve the healthcare industry for some Americans. He frequently seems like more of a soundbyte opportunist than someone we can count on to fight for what's right. I'd argue that being overly-skeptical is a problem too, though, especially if it's not applied uniformly. To use a counter-example, I can't tell you the number of times someone in 2016 told me that, when told Hillary Clinton supported the things they were asking for, they didn't believe her *in spite of* a track record of being consistently rated as one of the furthest left Senators during her tenure and one of the most honest, or how many times someone would hold failings against her while excuse lapses from their preferred candidate (whether Trump, Sanders, Biden, Obama a third time, or even other hypotheticals). Every politician is going to have some issues they disagree with you on, if for no other reason than because there a lot of issues and even more stances and it's almost impossible to line up 100%. How you process that information and what you do with it is a complicated issue, but I think there are some clear lines. To return to Booker, I prefer other potential 2020 candidates, but he still [comes out](https://progressivepunch.org/scores.htm?house=senate) [pretty](http://www.politifact.com/personalities/cory-booker/) [reasonably](https://www.govtrack.us/congress/members/report-cards/2017/senate/ideology) by most attempts to qualify "progressiveness" and "honesty", and if he's the hypothetical 2020 nominee against Trump/Pence/any other Republican candidate, getting hung up on the degree of his perceived progressiveness is the height of bullshit. Threatened communities have know for a long time that making perfect the enemy of good will accomplish nothing (for example, black voters have been under no illusion that every Dem was perfect with regards to race, but they've turned out reliably and solidly for them because it's clear they are 100% the better option). &gt;It's cool if he means it this time, but the honus isn't on us to take him at his word. Sure, but the onus **is** on you to vote for him if the other option is anyone from the Republican Party right now. I don't see why we need to work up ready-made excuses for this. &gt;But I also think it's crucially important to lay the blame for weak liberal voter turnout on the right people. We can't just lay guilt trips on people already not keen on voting and expect anything to change. I agree with this to an extent; focusing on expanding the franchise in every way possible should be the first priority when Dems return to power (easier and more convenient voting and registration options, an end of gerrymandering, congressional representation for DC and PR, felon re-enfranchisement, etc), even before more popular measures like campaign finance reform. BUT...I think combatting the "voting doesn't change anything" narrative is important, and I think Reddit/Negareddit are probably some of the better places to do it. Reddit as a whole (including places like Negareddit) are more likely to be younger, white, male, middle class... Not to say everyone is those things, but they will definitely be a disproportionate percentage compared to other areas. Those are all demographics less likely to be hit severely by things like vote restrictions, and also less likely to use strategic voting in a way that threatened minority communities regularly do. I've regularly seen people here say things like "I want to affect change in this nation, but I don't want to vote for Dems; what can I do?" (Shoot, I saw that sentiment almost word-for-word back in November 2016!). For any people here who are going to use degree of progressiveness as an excuse to not vote, I don't think that laying out an alternative case of "this bad stuff will happen if you don't" is an unreasonable fallback.
Not only that, but IIRC, even during peak "there aren't enough X-books", there were still a pretty solid 4 or more X-adjacent books going at once. Whatever the problem is, it's pretty clear that "quantity of books" hasn't been the main problem.
While Claremont did do a pretty good job at rotating out his main cast, it's pretty clear that the modern version of the comics is a lot less unstable. Just compare 1975-1991 (Claremont's run) versus more modern teams [on Wikipedia's list of Uncanny X-Men rosters](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uncanny_X-Men#Team_roster). There are changes at the margin, but most of the changes are one new member rotating in and another rotating out every few years. The core of "Colossus/Cyclops/Nightcrawler/Storm/Wolverine" was there for basically twelve years, with basically a half-dozen other characters filling out the margins and teams generally at six-to-eight members. Compare that to the last twelve years listed, 2005-2017. I'm counting 20(!) different team compositions, or roughly a new lineup every seven issues (and that includes includes two full-team crossovers), and with the average team at approximately a dozen members and some around twenty in their "main" cast. For instance, starting at \#530, there are *21(!!!)* listed characters. That's pretty extreme, I'd say. Claremont worked with a lot of characters and rotated who he focused on, but the modern comics take it to a different level. Not saying lesser-known characters shouldn't be featured or anything, but the way they're currently doing definitely seems more haphazard.
&gt; In regards to popularity and when the X-Men stopped being a popular franchise, I'd go with the beginning of Morrison's run. To be clear, I think Morrison did a great job on his run, but there were issues with that time that severly hurt the franchise. I think it's fair to say the X-Men were one of thought of as one of the epitomes of '90s comics, and I kind of wonder if the crash in the middle of the decade dragged them down. Even Morrison's pitch for New X-Men (in one of the collected editions) mentions them seeming less "cool" lately and wanting to bring them back. In addition to the "no direction" thing, I think the number of X-events is pretty galling. Mainline events are always one of the biggest complaints people have about "direction", and the X-line has had it's own set of events (which end up encompassing a larger percentage of their books than Avengers counterparts) for a while now, with basically each new writer every two or three years being in charge of some new "big, shake-up" event that "resets everything".
He definitely did, but they were also plot elements he built to over years, and by keeping his team small enough to focus on them and their changes and have it mean something. Also, because he worked on several X-Books, it was easy for him to “get around to” focusing on a bunch of characters. It seems modern writers want to play with the whole toy box, so to speak, without being given a similarly-sized canvas as they get changed out much more frequently, and all of that cramming really shows.
Yep. I don’t think that books using a lot of non-Claremont characters is a problem (a lot of people like those characters, after all), so much as it is rapid turnover in creator and team members means that your favorite character or book might be totally different in six months. Also, I think it helps that Claremont was given multiple books that he made sure stayed distinct. Uncanny versus New Mutants versus Excalibur and so on all had distinct feels to them; I’m not entirely sure how you would explain to a new reader today the difference between Red versus Gold versus Blue, other than the different characters and creative teams, but as mentioned, that changes every year or so anyway.
Some friends in college found this back when it was still just a browser game and we had some big competitions for a few weeks to get the best score. It's nice to see them moving up in the world! It's a really unique puzzle game, very calming despite its intensity. I've gotten some nice zen moments out of it.
The Jays beat Verlander in game one and scored 5 in the first off Keuchel and the Astros still won the series. That’s pretty impressive.
Kinda surprised he wasn’t signed yet. He’s old, sure, but he also hasn’t really been bad yet as a result, so he seemed like a natural Spring Training infield depth pick-up.
&gt;"Did you know Lincoln was a Republican?" My grandparents fiercely maintain that schools are "covering this up" when teaching students today, despite people who were in school much more recently telling them otherwise.
Since everyone else is tackling the Azula side of the things, I'll just add: who's calling Thanos the most built-up villain of all-time? He's not even top 5 in the MCU (assuming we're talking movies and comics, although he's also outranked in comics).
I’m sure this guy will be thrilled to know that Hammond can’t teabag. He doesn’t have a crouch, sadly.
And thank goodness for that. Can you imagine how silly their stuff would look now had they tried chasing that trend?
Killmonger, Loki, Ego, Vulture, and Hela. If we count Yondu and Nebula, I like their arcs from GotG1-2, plus honorable mentions to Mandarin and Justin Hammer for how hammy they are (and whenever Doctor Strange 2 comes around, I foresee Mordo making strong moves up the list). I just *really* wasn’t interested in Thanos. He’s right there with Zemo and Ultron where I think there’s something interesting there, but not nearly enough. Maybe Part 2 will make up for it, but it’s too early to tell there yet.
I just got my last purple for my 5/5/2 Gwenpool with 13 covers saved up last night. Don’t worry, you’ll get that last one eventually, and all the rewards will be a fun payoff!
Polanco is good enough that, if there were an unlimited ballot, I wouldn't mind a couple of voters throwing him support. He had a great and underrated career, he might have been a nice guy, it's a great reward for a great career, and there's not really much of a chance he's going to make it to the next ballot anyway, let alone get elected. Let people compliment good players or whatever. But...we still have the ten-man limit, with a really tight ballot, and this guy is leaving slots open and ignoring players who were directly better.
Hello!
I think Wandersong might be my favorite game of the year so far. Some of the best writing I've seen in a game, it looks gorgeous, I've been listening to the soundtrack constantly since then... I can't recommend it highly enough. Also, shout out to /r/WandersongFans!
Yeah, I think a big reason why the Cubs and Astros got as many rebuilding pieces as they did is 1) Less competition for the top draft picks each year, and 2) more teams than ever were "going for it" at the same time thanks to the second wild card, which meant more buyers at the deadline and a bigger return for any pieces you were selling off.
Also, the percentage of revenue that goes to players has been dropping for a while now, and I don't even think that's counting revenue from things like MLBAM, which are counted as their own separate thing.
&gt; There a lot of people that work for the team that are neither owner nor player. ...but what those people make is basically negligible compared to the players, let alone the owners or the total revenue. And most of the people who work in, say, the front office take salary hits to work specifically in baseball rather than similar positions in other industries.
Look like the original pic was already nuked, so it's part of that either way
&gt; I wrote a post about this here a few days ago, but there's very little incentive for any content creator to come here, who are producing the most entertaining stuff. On top of the stuff you mentioned, a lot of Reddit actively dislikes people posting stuff they make. Some communities will allow you to post stuff if you don't do it too often and are essentially a "regular" of the sub, but some don't even allow that, and sometimes, users even become hostile in the comments if they find out the poster is also the creator of material. It's fine if you already have a community willing to repost stuff for you here, but that's not most creators. And that's not even going into how a lot of the biggest subs basically default to quick-and-easy-to-consume material that means anything other than memes, jokes, and occasionally art (that hits Reddit's sweet spot *juuust* right, so mostly photorealistic art of a few specific major properties) gets mostly ignored.
And if we're going by Fangraphs' WAR, then he's had three seasons worth his AAV or more. And that's not even accounting for inflation or the deferred money.
This may be the dumbest slapfight I've ever seen. I'm really struggling to remember a sillier one. Bravo on finding this!
I don't know, I feel like this is still on a different level. Like, it seems like a somewhat legitimate topic of discussion, just given a ridiculous coat of paint. This one is just a dude getting really, really angry about people saying "Cat." online. There's no way to frame this one as serious in any way.
Well deserved. I had heard Michael B. Jordan was getting a little Supporting Actor buzz too, little disappointed that didn't go through, but still great to see the movie nominated.
https://www.reddit.com/r/shittyaskscience/comments/2wrnbf/why_do_microwaves_always_skip_from_100_seconds_to/
Gregerson also wore 44 on the Astros, which is Roy Oswalt’s old number. He’s not the only one to do that, he’s just the one that made me realize they haven’t reissued Berkman’s old number since he left but they’ve been fine handing out Oswalt’s the whole time. Don’t know how you do that for one of them but not the other, they’re inseparable in my mind. Kind of weird it keeps happening to Luke either way though, I didn’t realize 44 was so in demand.
&gt; It feels like we're watching Frankie Frisch's crew elect their friends all over again. I disagree on this part. With Frisch, there was a pretty clear pattern of favoritism. Lately, the VC has been pretty predictably strict on who goes in for the last decade and a half or so, player-wise; everyone was either a very strong stats case (Trammell, Gordon, Santo) or got really close on the BBWAA ballot (Smith, Morris). Baines is...neither.
On that note: [nearly a quarter of the 16 voters this year had a strong connection to him](https://twitter.com/jay_jaffe/status/1071939175060914176?s=21). That goes a long way to explaining things, especially since the committee meets to discuss votes and such. Having three people to stump for you is a great springboard. Probably explains how out-of-nowhere this came from. Edit: I also remembered Alomar was a voter as well, and he played with Baines. Realistically, it was probably Reisdorf and maybe La Russa leading the push, but Gillick and Alomar were probably relatively easy converts, and that would make for pretty strong early momentum.
Every other pick that I've thought was borderline or disagreed with, I've at least expected to some extent. Like, I didn't like the Rice or Morris picks, but at a certain point, it would have been more shocking if they weren't inducted eventually. This one legitimately came out of nowhere. [Even Baines said he was "very surprised" by this](https://twitter.com/BNightengale/status/1071941561389264896).
I think legitimately laughter right when it happened. Not like "lol", an actual belly laugh. I had expected some sort of twist when it came to the Big Bad and end of the narrative, but figured it had already come, so it took me totally off guard in a way almost nothing else has. And it’s the type of turn that I would have never expected for a video game final boss. It’s such a beautiful twist, too, for so many reasons. It really drives home so much of the game’s themes about self-worth and parentage and fighting back against the system, and ties up all of the loose ends quite nicely.
Yeah, I don't think Smith was a bad pick or anything. I was mostly just curious after I flipping between their Baseball-Reference pages and noticed how achievable that combined total was, and decided I would look this list up and share the results.
&gt; WAR weighs defense very heavily and guys like Lofton an Rolan have a high WAR almost exclusively for that reason. How do you figure it weighs defense "heavily"? By B-R, there's one player in history with even 40 dWAR (Ozzie Smith, at 44.2), and there are over 300 with 40 oWAR. Rolen and Lofton are both some of the best fielders at their positions of all-time (Rolen more than Lofton, but Lofton is still solid), and in both cases, their defense makes up less than a third of their career WAR.
Yeah, it's such an out of nowhere pick that I feel like people in this thread aren't even contextualizing it properly. Guys like Larry Walker and Andruw Jones have strong cases regardless of whether Baines is in, and it almost does them a disservice to include them conversation since Baines is so clearly on a level below them. Baines is closer to, like, Dave Parker or Rusty Staub or Chili Davis.
I think even weirder than the Morris/Hershiser thing is leaving off David Cone and Bret Saberhagen entirely. If Morris is in and Hershiser can get multiple BBWAA and VC shots, can we at least give those two a second ballot appearance and discussion, since they were both one-and-done?
On the other hand, the only manager with a World Series and more total wins than Piniella that isn't in Cooperstown is Bruce Bochy.
1981 and 1994 were both about 50 games, and 1995 was about 20 games. 136 hits in 120 games seems feasible. Maybe not likely, but even if it didn't get him all the way there, it probably would have gotten him close enough that the White Sox (who loved him and were still giving him at-bats while going nowhere) would have kept him around to pick up the last few. 147 hits (what he needed going in to 2001 when they brought him back) is a little much to keep an unproductive 42-year-old around for, but if he went in needing only 20-30ish, they would have absolutely kept him around, if only to market the milestone.
&gt; he was on the three teams of the 80/90s that were ground zero for steroids back then (A’s, Rangers, Orioles) I'm gonna be honest, I'm not crazy about this framing, since our knowledge of who used is so incomplete. I think a big reason we even think about two of these three as big hubs is because Jose Canseco played for both for a while and is basically the only big name who has been willing to name names. Even then, we know he's an unreliable narrator on the matter, partly because of his normal craziness, but also because a big part of his self-mythology is being "the godfather of steroids", so it makes sense to play up his teams being ground zero.
To be fair, they specified "on the level of Frisch &amp; Co". That group had a sustained run of electing friends that makes it clear that this was their goal. In comparison, this seems more like a handful of voters had a soft spot for this specific player that clouded their objectivity rather than a systemic, years-long effort to elect a group of players they like. If it becomes a habit rather than a one-off, then it can duke it out with the Frisch years.
The Onion somehow gets a lot of predictions right, for being satire.
And in Petco.
And he definitely made up some of that gap with his glove
I never got those opinions, to be honest. I think people usually confuse it with "I don't think this specific guy's defense is that good", which is very different than a systemic problem in WAR. Because if you weighted it any less, you'd basically be arguing that the difference between a great defender and a mediocre one is negligible. Let's just break it down: the single best defender (Ozzie Smith) ever has 44.2 dWAR. By oWAR, 44.2 ties you with Juan Gonzalez and Curtis Granderson for 240th all-time. Mark Belanger is second and almost 5 dWAR behind Smith, and that wouldn't even get him in the top 300 offensively. He'd be tied with Chili Davis and Lave Cross at 311th. On a per-game basis, the difference between Smith and a league-average SS's glove was about the same as the difference between Steve Finley's offense and a league-average CF's bat. Rolen sits pretty comfortably in the top 50 all-time defensively at 21.2, in a virtual tie for fifth at third base, and offensively that wouldn't even get him in the top 800. Alex Rios and Butch Wynegar have 21.2 oWAR. 21.2 works out to just over 1 dWAR per season; is the difference between one of the five or so best third basemen ever and an overall net-zero fielder 1 Win per year? That doesn't seem like it's that big of a leap in logic.
I don't know that he ever was, tbh. There are some *really* bad picks in there. Tommy McCarthy has been my pick for worst basically since I learned about him.
This is a much fairer complaint than the defense thing, IMO. McCormick is 27th All-time in pitching WAR, but he's not even top-five in the 19th century, at a time when there were half as many teams (or less) than today, and each team basically had one pitcher and a back-up to start every fifth day. Like, baseball was such a different game that he spent a majority of his career pitching from a "pitcher's box" that was only 50 feet away and he wasn't even allowed to throw overhand for half of his career (IIRC). That's really not at all the same thing as even 1890s pitchers, let alone modern ones.
To be honest, Mussina is going to be much more interesting to watch this year, since there's a reasonable question about whether he gets in this year or falls short by about as much as 2018 Edgar. Martinez was so close last year, and has so many factors going for him (players over 50% usually continue gaining every year and pick up even more votes when they get to about 65-70%, he's picked up double-digit gains the last three cycles when he only needs 5% this year, guys on their last year get an extra boost on top of existing momentum, he has so many early converts) that even the most superstitious of M's fan should feel pretty confident about him making it in this year.
It's funny, because Garvey isn't much better than Baines from a numbers standpoint, but I would have understood his election a lot more. People in the '80s frequently talked about him as a future Hall of Famer; he had an MVP award, another second place finish, plus a handful of other top-ten finishes, he was a ten-time all-star, he did national commercials, and was generally seen as a star in a way that Baines wasn't. I don't know that he would have actually been a better choice, but I would have at least understood it as nostalgic voters supporting the guy everyone used to think would be a shoo-in.
Technically not eligible yet. Even though he fell off after one year, he needs to wait for his full ten-year window to pass before the VC considers him.
Oof. Since all of those guys played basically pre-Intergration/WWII, he could very well be the worst modern choice for a pretty common definition of "modern". It's basically just him or one of the closers (probably Sutter).
In the case of McGriff, I think there's a strong chance he makes it in when he goes before the VC, barring a big change in the process before then. He has the type of resume that group of voters likes to see, and I'd hesitate to say that he will never make it in before seeing at least one Vets cycle with him on the ballot at the very least.
Graham Womack used to do a project where he'd ask a bunch of baseball fans/writers/bloggers to vote for the 50 best players not in the Hall of Fame. [Baines appeared in the top 50 once, tied for 45th, then dropped off](http://www.hallofstats.com/articles/new-visual-graham-womack-hall-of-fame-project). It's been a few years since he ran one of these, but I can't imagine it's changed too much.
I understand why Lofton isn't eligible for the VC yet (it would be an incredibly awkward look for the Hall if a guy fell off the ballot after one year but wound up being picked by the VC while people from his year were still picking up votes), but it's not a great look.
But we have no idea how many people on other teams were using as a point of comparison, which would be crucial in determining a ground zero. And even that list has problems. Our only hard evidence against Pudge is still Canseco's claim. Hall voters didn't even balk on him in the way they did for other guys, like Piazza or Bagwell. It's still using Canseco's claims as proof that Canseco's claims were correct. And Anderson has never been formally accused by anyone to my knowledge, people just suspect him in the way people did for a whole bunch of guys from that era. I'm still not really sure that's proof that those teams were noticeably worse than anyone else.
Also, I've seen a lot of people arguing that the VC has become too willing to induct players, when if anything, it's been the opposite as of late. One really confusing choice doesn't change how many more sensible choices they've been ignoring.
I'd hesitate to base the vote too much on MVP voting, because a guy might just be badly overlooked. But Baines is definitely not that guy; even the year that he placed 10th, he had fewer WAR than anyone else who got a vote.
I would say it varied realistically, fluctuating year to year, but never getting much above 3 WAR and never really dropping below 1. So they'd have good seasons in there, rack up something like a 21-WAR 7-year peak, and probably get a few All-Star appearances and some stray MVP votes along the way, but clearly never be the best player in the league or at their position or anything.
Yeah, looking at it again, that basically seems like Harold Baines if his worst seasons were a little bit better, and he continued playing at that level until 2011 or so. On the one hand, Baines is a weak choice. But on the other hand, that extra decade or so of decent seasons would be a lot of extra value, and he'd be pretty interesting in baseball history; if he debuted one year earlier in that hypothetical, he'd have seen significant playing time in five different decades!
Sure. But on the other hand, if you're a rebuilding team that feels you definitely need prospects, it probably makes it worth questioning whether the ones that teams are willing to part with will actually be worth it.
He's going to be one of the last guys to go in who played for them at all, which is weird to think about. Once Walker gets in on the 2022 Veterans Committee or whatever, that's basically it, right? Or am I missing someone?
Hoffman and Smith leaving the ballot and getting induction will help, but I think Rivera joining this year will stall him out a little. I wouldn't be shocked to see him tick up a little next year though, when all three of them will be out of the way and he'll be the unquestioned best closer on the ballot (and arguably the best one not in the Hall period).
Squirrel Girl basically stopped just short of confirming that she's bi in-text in the current on-going. Logan has been around so long and seems to get deep "brothers-in-arms" bonding moments with so many guys that I feel like there's some men that he's found that he's attracted to. And depending on how much of attraction is genetic, I could easily see Laura as bisexual or a lesbian that still isn't out to herself (especially since I've never really felt she had legitimate chemistry with Hellion or Young Angel, they just sort of feel...there). Has Quentin Quire officially come out as bi in any comic, or is it just really overt subtext still? Kate Bishop, for the right girl (aka America Chavez).
For what it's worth, Mayday still regularly pops up all the time, especially in anything slightly multi-verse related. She was in the Spider-Verse series, she was a lead in the Web Warriors team ongoing that came out of it and ran for 20 issues or so, she's in an event spin-off now I think with Annie May Parker from *Renew Your Vows*, etc. Pretty good considering MC2 has been basically abandoned otherwise, and there's always a chance she sees a revival in five years or so, like 2099 got. It's not like she's totally forgotten, although I think it hurt her a bit that her future was built as a "distant future" but got explicitly retconned in a way that Gwen, as a deliberate AU from the start, never had to deal with. Fun fact: *Spider-Girl* is still the longest-running female-led Marvel book ever. That's not too shabby, by any standard, and I think that and Spider-Gwen makes for a strong case that direct ties to Spider-Man make for a strong launch when it comes to new characters. The various Spider-Women were never really created to be modern retellings/remixes/spin-offs of Spider-Man, just unrelated characters with different powers and roles who happened to have similar names, which arguably makes them even more confusing than AUs like Spider-Gwen, May Parker, and Miles Morales.
Ah, right. I think I mentally combined it with the Secret Wars Spider-Verse book, which gets it into the mid-teens or so.
My brother and I still occasionally refer to each other as "Jaeger Buddies", so it clearly made an impact on us.
Regardless of whether it was implied in-universe, I don't think you can convince me they weren't at some point now.
It’s already canon then. He was flirting hard with Hindsight and Morph in *Generation X*, and wound up on the losing end of that love triangle. I just forgot if he had shown an interest in any women, although I felt like he had.
To be fair, at least half of the problem with Marvel is their frequent relaunches and #1s. Spider-Girl partially got lucky that editors didn’t decide it needed to become “The (Adjective) Spider-Girl” for a hundred issues or so.
[Another pic of the team](https://twitter.com/konjak/status/1072547968157474818)
&gt; greater scrutiny I feel like the fact that this was inspired by one of the targets of Pizzagate conspiracies commenting on them makes it a little more interesting than the usual drama of this type.
This is the first thing I saw on rising, so...I guess I'm done here then.
yogurt
Yeah, this has been the most frustrating thing, as someone who thinks there are a few dozen deserving players missing from the Hall. I've seen people since then saying stuff like "Sure, Baines is in, why don't we just throw in guys like Scott Rolen and Andruw Jones as well, since they take anyone?" And that does a huge disservice to guys like that, because they were more than deserving before his inductions, and they're leagues better than Baines overall. For example, JAWS has Rolen and Andruw tenth and eleventh all-time at their positions; Baines is **74th** among right fielders. They just aren't comparable. Similarly, Keith Hernandez has had a case for years; JAWS has him nineteenth at first base (with 21 total first basemen elected), ahead of quite a few guys already in the Hall (including Harmon Killebrew, Bill Terry, Tony Perez, George Sisler, Orlando Cepeda, etc)
Does [The Christmas Macarena](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wihV1drvpc0) count?
Took me way too long to realize the pattern...
New rule: position players are required to throw at least one inning of each game. Think of how fun it'll be once every week or so when one of them has a clean inning! The high-80s heat and flat breaking pitches will be unique! And managers will need to be smart to decide which inning they're working around having a bad pitcher on the mound, so stratergy!
I can't tell if he's joking or not, but Colon has a lifetime OPS+ of -46, and Bumgarner and Syndergaard had OPS+s of 4 and -19 this past year (although neither of those was bad enough to cost them any batting WAR, so that does technically qualify as good for pitchers!).
And it’s not like there a ton of canon lore to work off of for most ships in Overwatch, so that’s about as good as anything.
If I’m not mistaken, I think the current official story is that Mercy was something of a prodigy and graduated college/joined Overwatch really young (early 20s maybe?). I don’t think they’ve ever nailed down her age in relation to Pharah, but based on that, it’s at least plausible now for them to be within five to ten years of each other, like Mercy being an older sister or college-aged babysitter for junior-high Pharah growing up. But it’s still all pretty wish-washy.
More of a crossover act with pop success, but I heard Imagine Dragons around the time *Continued Silence* came out, and that sounded like they would be one of the many indie rock acts from the early 2010s that got one big crossover hit and then sort of just hung around alternative radio after that. "It's Time" seemed tailor-made to be that crossover hit, and it did well...and then the one that I thought had no chance of crossover success hit and became even bigger somehow, and they just kind of stuck around.
I've tried to think of other artists who went off to big success after a first hit that seemed so much like a novelty, and I can't think of any.
Since you've already gotten Runaways and Young Avengers, and some other people have mentioned WicDiv and Generation X, I'll add: * Patsy Walker AKA Hellcat (a great and really underrated run, and is generally just very queer-friendly) * Angela: Asgard's Assassin/1602 Witch Hunter Angela/Angela:Queen of Hel (it's really just one run that got renamed a lot due to event shenanigans, written by Kieron Gillen and Marguerite Bennett with a variety of artists; stars Angela and her transgender girlfriend/fellow angel Sera) * Kate Leth and Jeremy Whitley are good about LGBT representation, in my experience. * I liked Sina Grace's run on Iceman and Roxane Gay's World of Wakanda.
I don't know that my opinion is too different from the majority (the original run is the best, Rowell/Anka is also fantastic, Whedon is fine but a step below, post-Whedon is very hit-or-miss), but I'll add the Stevenson/Greene Battleworld miniseries was great, and I'm disappointed it didn't get more time. It captured the tone/spirit of the original perfectly, and was probably the second-best take on the idea up until the current series.
I read that they didn't want Tobey's return to overshadow the rest of the movie or for the film to be seen as an official "Spider-Man 4". I kinda think another cameo for him would have been cool, but I can also see that they might have had a hard time fitting that in.
Some of the stuff I read mentioned that Peter B.'s story also drew a bit from unused *Spider-Man 4* notes, because apparently the studio was demanding Raimi break up Peter and MJ and have Peter hook up with Black Cat. That seems like such a bad idea, and if the studio kept giving him dumb notes like that, I can see why *4* fell apart.
I suppose I can see either, but I'm a little curious about what the demand for Reddick is. His deal isn't awful, but it would definitely hamper return (unless it was part of a salary-for-salary swap, like a cost to offset Greinke's deal or something).
This feels like it might be the precursor to something else. Like, catcher was a much more pressing need than outfield, but they focused on this rather than, say, Ramos? It feels more like insurance for something else they're trying to do, but I have no idea what, and I'm curious to see what rumors crop up in the next few days.
sounds like a plan to me, sign me up
Ms. Marvel by G. Willow Wilson, Nico Leon, and Ian Herring.
Dazzler: X-Song #1
Ms. Marvel by Wilson/Leon/Herring
Although based on what we know about the Ricketts and their politics, I wouldn't exactly call it surprising...
I think that holds up for a lot of the "not bad" corporate names. "Great American" is obvious. "Safeco" ties in to baseball as well. Miller Park works well for the Brewers. I feel like there are others I'm forgetting...
What do you need to read to get caught up and follow the main event? I'm following Spectacular and Spider-Man/Deadpool on Marvel Unlimited, but I haven't really read Amazing since the last Spider-Verse event (despite knowing most of the major plot points since then). Anything I should look for in the next few months?
I think the 2017 Beauty and the Beast has kind of killed my interest in the live action Disney thing. I saw Jungle Book and Cinderella and thought both at least did enough to merit a remake, if nothing else, but BatB was the first one where I actively thought "I could have just stayed home and watched the original" during the movie.
Yeah, I think corporate names with actual connections to the city get a pass too. Target falls into a similar area as Busch/Coors/Wrigley/etc., in my mind.
This is something that I know and yet still struggle to actually implement while I'm making a panicked retreat.
Hmm. I didn't even realize that, so it might be part of the problem, then. The others all have much closer ties (thru history/branding/whatever) to their cities than T-Mobile does.
Common mistake, but he's actually regenerated a few times since then! Most big "Ameri-fans" online like to distinguish them by numbers (eg; "the Second Washington", "the Sixteenth Washington", etc.).
Especially someone as prolific as Waid. He seems to be going in a lot of directions at once quite often, and after a lot of years in the business at that. I wouldn't be shocked if some of his runs just end up getting a little more focus than others, intentional or not.
Wow, what a suspiciously open outfield the Dodgers have now......
And Graig Nettles is probably more deserving than Munson, Guidry, or Mattingly.
Christmas trees on the brain maybe?
Major releases: Smash Ultimate. It’s everything I wanted, I think Indies: I keep vacillating between Celeste, Iconoclasts, and Wandersong. I love them all so much for different reasons.
I think Roberto Alomar did that, but he was the first. And his thing was supposedly for his spitting incident.
Wandersong and Iconoclasts were two of my games of the year, and I keep flipping on how I'd list them in comparison to Smash and Celeste. The chapter select post-game in Wandersong is especially wonderful for going back to replay a section/song once I get it stuck in my head.
Does anyone remember the show Chalkzone? They had this. The accordion worm
Ah, yes. The Heroes reboot. It would be the Fantastic Beasts movies as well if I had a stronger will...
There was some confusion on this, but I think people later clarified with the blank ballot guy and he wasn’t submitting a vote because his would have been blank.
That’s the thing, though; no one using this standard considers the Hall “fucked up” by the inclusion of other cheaters. There’s no group vocal in calling for the removal of players who used amphetamines, and many of those players even cruised in with 90%+ of the vote. If there’s a group claiming the inclusion of guys like Gaylord Perry or Whitey Ford has “ruined” the Hall, they sure don’t have the numbers that the no-steroids” contingency does. 99% of the people complaining in average discussion about the Hall being ruined are doing so because of subpar inductees like Baines or Mazeroski rather than rule-breakers; it’s only when discussing guys like Bonds and Clemens, who are clearly not the “subpar” part, that this argument flips to”rules over quality”.
It’s also blatantly wrong. Like, objectively speaking, the Trump administration has spent a lot of time rolling back the meager protections carved out during the Obama administration. Things were pretty clearly better for LGBT people four years ago than now. EDIT: lol at the moron below asking for a debate on this. Not only has he clearly not been following the news, [he couldn't even be bothered to read, like, five comments down where someone else already compiled several of them](https://old.reddit.com/r/baseball/comments/bveh75/dodgers_for_the_first_time_ever_at_dodger_stadium/epovwby/?st=jwe06mtk&amp;sh=44d6af0f). Clearly the sign of someone interested in good faith debate!
And the extent to which the creators have been largely left out of payment for the most lucrative comics market (i.e.; royalties for their creations appearing in blockbuster movies) certainly doesn't help. Plenty of creators have talked about getting basically nothing for their work-for-hire character (Bill Mantlo's medical fundraising appears here every few months; I know Jim Starlin has mentioned he gets paid basically nothing for Gamora and Thanos despite the movies they're in making several billion dollars, etc). I'm sure more of them would be content sticking to making comics first and foremost rather than TV/Movie pitches as comics if they were seeing some of the money from their success that already made it to the screen...
To be fair, that largely describes the US flag code too. It only ever comes up here when someone wants to argue about "disrespecting America" because they don't like what someone (usually a protester) is saying, but can't really argue with the content of the argument. And even then, it'll usually be a half-remembered, inaccurate version of the code at best.
It's goddamn amazing that we're *still* getting "akshully, SHillary was the *real* warmonger candidate!" takes. Four years after Trump's campaign, where he called for increases in war crimes as a major part of his platform. Two and a half years into his administration, which has seen him increase all US military action and repeatedly bring in massive warhawks like John Bolton. And even now, with this administration's non-stop drumbeat for war in Venezuela. Some people are still somehow married to this "Trump is the peace candidate!" narrative. What the hell.
99% of the time I see that from someone on the left, it’s in a “damning with faint praise” way. Like, “say what you will about W, at least he wasn’t inspiring neo-nazis to shoot up synagogues”, or “at least he could deliver his spoken nonsense in the form of complete sentences”.
Kemp even has a higher wRC+ at this point, even before accounting for position.
The Astros' schedule the rest of the way is basically "one series against the A's per month, one series against another playoff contender per month, and nothing else" (except for July, where I think they have no second contender but a run of something like Cardinals-Indians-Rockies, which...could be surprisingly hard I guess, but all of those teams are so streaky...)
I had always thought that I would like Guacamelee based on what I heard about it, so I decided to get 1 when it went on sale. Played it quite a bit this weekend, and I was absolutely right! My brother recommended me Crypt of the NecroDancer for years, finally got it for Switch, and I think it's in my top 12 most played games. Also, I had Momodora sitting in my Steam wishlist for a while, went with the Switch version instead, and have liked it. Ditto the Shantae series.
Hear me out: Channing Tatum as Hercules. Chris Evans as Hades ([partially drawing on his Lucas Lee performance](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=usL1YjccLt0))
Yeah, they aren’t quite on the level of some of the Japanese names, but a lot of Gen 1 names are the type of thing that sounds better when you’re younger. Ditto is just a word that applies to the Pokémon pretty hard. Abra, Kadabra, and Alakazam are also words, as is Electrode. Dewgong is just a misspelling of the animal it is, as is Mankey. Golem is a golem. Cloyster is a misspelling of a noun relating to the Pokémon, like if you named Charmander “Skales” or something. Same goes for Jynx and Pinsir, as well as the Koffing line. Gastly is also a misspelling of a literal adjective of the Pokémon. So is Drowzee. Haunter feels like a technically-correct variation of “Haunt” that no one had much of a use for until Pokémon. Ditto Scyther (one who uses a Scythe?). Ekans and Arbok were pretty straight-forward too. Also Mr. Mime. And this isn’t even getting into the literal compound word ones, like Primeape, Beedrill, Sandshrew, Magikarp, etc. Although, fun fact, they dropped the best compound name, as early localization showed Gyarados’s name was almost “Skullkraken”, which is *fantastic*.
This is absolutely the D-Reaper escaping the Digital World
I’m also getting this. It’s making it a pain to kill off all the boosted 4* Luke Cage’s; I keep launching attacks that should wipe him out, and he gets to place shield tiles instead. Edit: actually, I think it’s related to Luke? I just played against my first team without him and Jean’s attacks did full damage. It seems like enemy Cage’s shield tiles still affect Jean even even after they’re removed (and it doesn’t seem like it works against the enemy if you run Luke, which makes it even more of a pain?). Edit 2: never mind, has it just show up in a game without any shield tiles
[Craig Edwards actually wrote something about them being surprising earlier today](https://blogs.fangraphs.com/the-very-surprising-texas-rangers/), as luck would have it (actually, that might be what inspired Sheehan to look). My interpretation of Edwards's piece is that FG's playoff odds are still a little skeptical of some of the Rangers' more surprising pieces holding up for over half a season more.
Yeah. The losing record and the fact that they need both the Cubs AND the Brewers to falter to take the Central definitely doesn't help. If any part of those three is going to implode, the Cards' rotation might be the most likely to happen
Probably just a rounding thing. Practically speaking, the difference between the Astros' 99.[85-94] and the Dodgers' 99.9[5+] isn't really noticeable to humans. Biggest reason it's so high though is that the double Wild Card makes for a great safety net, when you have an 11-game division lead in June (and when the second place in the division is also the first runner-up for a Wild Card slot). That's *a lot* of teams that have to outplay them the rest of the way to knock them out.
Don't know if it's officially tallied anywhere, but it definitely seems low. I don't know the exact odds, but the last few years on this date: 2018: Yankees and Red Sox tied for AL lead. M's and Astros tied for AL West, Angels 3.5 back (half as far as the Red Sox today). Indians lead Central. Six NL teams within 3 games of their division leaders 2017: Houston running away with ALW but no Central or East teams are more than 7.5 back. Washington running away with the NLE, but entire Central is under 7 back, and two West teams are within 3 games of Rockies. 2016: ALW is a two team race, but 3/4 of ALC is &lt;3.5 behind Cleveland and whole ALE is single digits back. Chicago has the NLC, third place Rockies and fourth-place Phillies are ~as far back as Boston is today. 2015: Only one team in the entire AL is further out of first in their division than the Red Sox are today (A's are 11 back). In the NL, only three teams are more than 7 games out of first. Not sure if some of those teams were badly underrated in their odds or whatever, but I really doubt any of them had 6 or fewer teams with &gt;10% playoff odds.
Honestly, if he had held out two more years, that would have probably boosted his chances a lot even if he wasn't great (as long as they weren't historically bad). He's hitting the ballot in 2021 as is. Curt Schilling might be off the ballot by then. Roger Clemens definitely won't be, though. Pettitte will be in year 3 if he's still around, and Tim Hudson (who's fairly similar to Buehrle in some ways) also joins. But two extra years? He'd be far and away the best starter to join the ballot between 2022 and 2025 (when CC finally makes it), and if CC goes in pretty quick, he'd get a few more years before guys like Verlander and Greinke start to show up. That's a long time to hang around in the "best pitcher on the ballot" conversation, and droughts like that help a lot (just look at pitchers on the 2000s ballots).
He wouldn't be totally out of place historically, but voters have only been inducting the most obvious choices among starting pitchers the last few years, which Buehrle isn't. He'll be an interesting Veterans Committee case, though.
97.9 isn't that far off, practically speaking. But the biggest change is probably that the teams that would need to beat them are stronger than the teams that would need to beat the Dodgers. If the Indians do manage to pass the Twins, they'd also need to stay ahead of two of the Yankees/Red Sox/Rays for one of the Wild Card slots. That sounds more likely to happen than one of the Diamondbacks or Rockies passing the Dodgers **and** the NL Central and East runners up also passing them for both wild cards.
A lot of TV is subsidizing things through bulk. It's the reason why, for instance, buying individual seasons of a specific TV show has a much higher cost-per-episode rate than a cable channel, or even a streaming service.
Thank you for doing this! I'd probably get Bloodstained: Ritual of the Night and an indie game with $60.
The expectations for it weren’t high, but Carlos Silva for Milton Bradley was a pair of free agent busts who proved that both were further gone than any change of scenery could help.
Shrek: Reloaded
This reminded me of an idea I had the other day: “Arrested Development, but the Bluths are Magneto’s extended family”
You guys just aren't thinking big enough! I'm sure they'll invest this saved money in a big, franchise-defining star who hits free agency, like Nolan Arenado or Mike Trout! Err... Paul Goldschmidt? Or...Alex Bregman? Maybe someone longer-term, like Eloy Jimenez or Ronald Acuña? Okay, give me a minute...
The [minor league](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robinson_Can%C3%B3#Minor_leagues) section of Cano's Wikipedia page also mentions that the Yankees shopped him to the Royals when they were trying to trade for Carlos Beltran and the Diamondbacks when they acquired Randy Johnson.
He's averaging .1 WAR a game so far. That seems fairly productive, so sure!
&gt; Doesn't seem like it. Seems like he's well on his way to being a right-wing grifter. Yeah, his whole "apology" seemed like a textbook non-apology. Like, you don't play the "but Harvard used to admit slave owners, so why punish me now?" card if you actually recognize the problem with your actions. And to be honest, given the money in the right-wing grift circuit, actually learning and growing from this might actually hurt his potential future earnings.
Totally unfair to use it against him, then! After all, at the young age of 16, there was no way he could have known that his actions might affect him as he began to apply to colleges, um, later that year? Wait a minute...
Oof, their history page. Don't even have to go back a full page and I'm already seeing transphobia, multiple homophobic slurs, praising Nazis for murdering someone, and... repeating right-wing anti-free press talking points for reporting that a new Star Wars game might be a Metroidvania?
Well, only when it's someone they actually agree with. I've seen plenty of conservatives happy to use "attended Harvard" as proof that Ted Cruz or Bill O'Reilly or whoever is actually a genius. But if you come out of the Ivy League as anything less than a hardline Conservative, it just means they brainwashed you, or something. It's a weird double standard.
&gt; 16 year olds say stupid ass shit, they shouldn't be shunned at 18 years old because of some stupid shit they did at 16. "The 16 year old didn't know colleges would be judging him based on what he was doing at age 16" is...maybe not the strongest argument. Competitive colleges these days love to stress to applicants that for every student they accept, there are three or four more similarly exceptional ones getting turned down or waitlisted just due to space, and that they have high expectations as a result. He just doesn't have any good excuses here. "I didn't know colleges would consider my character the way they do my grades, classes and extracurriculars"? "I didn't think anyone would see it"? "I didn't know that racism was bad"?
Yeah. Also, it sounds like (from what I've read) the reason this got out is that his classmates leaked shared communications because they felt like he was a bully (I've seen a few Twitter threads of students claiming he directed online harassment at them for political reasons, and that he was rather prickly IRL), and the only reason anyone else cared was that he had sought to make himself such a public political figure (speaking at or joining leadership for various right-wing groups like the NRA and TPUSA). And even the first calls to rescind his admission over this definitely came from other rightwing activists jealous of his meteoric rise (not sure if they were a deciding factor, but that they called for it is at least verifiable). If there's any takeaway from that other than "don't be racist", it's probably something like "don't piss everyone you meet off" or "get better friends".
Alita was in theaters at the same time. Being able to make direct box office comparisons was part of it. Plus, that way, when it inevitably fell short (which, no duh, it was in its third week and going against a Marvel movie) they could decry the “horrible SJWs” who ignored the *real* progressive movie.
Don't forget [OPSBI](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/On-base_plus_slugging_plus_runs_batted_in)!
But what about postseason RBI? Checkmate!
&gt; Somehow to Jays fans, we overpaid Martin because he lost a beat the last couple years with us. But he did give us decent WAR/$ and he immediately got us out of a playoff drought and seemed (as much as we can ever really know) to be a leader on the team. This is especially frustrating because the entire nature of free agent deals is "get a discount on the good years at the start in exchange for lesser years at the end". Going by Fangraphs, Martin was worth just over $60M in the first two years of the deal, and has been worth &gt;$90M over the life of it. It was still a really good signing for Toronto.
And I'm sure the Indians were fine picking up the tab on Miller, given their pennant and his ALCS MVP along the way (plus his overall good performance there). So about half of these turned out perfectly fine, and even two of the big screw-ups either didn't get in the way too much or actively helped in a rebuild anyway.
Good to know that's the next TBP for Monstress and Paper Girls, I'll need to mark those down. And excited to check out Assassin Nation finally!
I feel like the "split ownership" idea is so dumb that maybe no one will fall for it? All I've seen on baseball twitter today is people from almost every aspect of the game calling it stupid and listing different reasons why. Plus, I don't think it's legally allowed based on the Rays' current contract (which is why they aren't threatening an outright move, which would be a much more convincing threat), and the last thing MLB wants to do is get into a legal battle that could challenge their monopoly exemption.
I’m seen some people who argue that they don’t like how restricting they feel, and they claim they’re fine with the added risk of death. ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯
Sure, but we’re not exactly dealing with the most rational arguments here to start with, so not sure how effective reason will be at changing minds
There are few things as infuriating as the right wing two-step of “They’re being censored for conservative views” when someone gets banned for bigotry that turns into “How dare you say conservativism is bigoted and hateful” when you point out what the speech that got them banned actually was.
Yeah, the big problem with t_d isn’t just the people that use it, it’s that right wing media is incredibly insular, and a hub like that ensures someone with a bigger platform sees it and gives it a chance to travel up the food chain. It’s the same reason something like Breitbart has power; the average person doesn’t have to read Breitbart for a story they make to get picked up and amplified by, say, Fox News (at which point it might even grow big enough to get repeated in serious news outlet, if only in a “people are saying” capacity). So as long as people at Fox News read Breitbart (which they absolutely do), there’s a chance it moves up the chain no matter how stupid it is. This is just one step down from that; I guarantee you at least some of the Breitbart/Daily Wire/Daily Caller/insert-conservative-rag-here staff follows t_d.
Yeah, there are dozens of examples over the years of "better" products dying because people just didn't care enough to switch. Like, I remember a small handful of people swearing up and down that Google+ had so many improvements over Facebook, and we all know that was *such* a rousing success...
I also can't begin to count the number of times I've seen people on this site excuse a game they like because it "does lootboxes *right*" (usually because of some minor change that lets them differentiate it from EA/mobile games).
On that note, 20XX is pretty fun!
This is something I’ve thought of a lot, but how weird would it be to be Scott Lang, intelligence-wise? Like, he’s not a dumb guy by any means, but he’s regularly on teams with guys like Tony Stark, Hank Pym, Reed Richards, etc. and the few guys he’s actually smarter than are guys who are on the team for other reasons, like Thor or Cap. That must be one hell of an inferiority complex.
Worth noting that Cadence of Hyrule just came out, and you can choose to play as Zelda and save Link from a curse! Also the game is really good.
That’s fair, but I also first thought about this while reading Ant-Man comics, where that’s not quite the case. He seems to just treat most other Avengers as coworkers, usually? Idk. Movie Scott seems pretty chill about it, though
Fair. I sort of segmented this off since most places I see separate out strategy from intelligence, but they really aren’t dissimilar
&gt; And it’s a shame that Marvel didn’t even put much stock into actually marketing it, though their marketing has never seemed to have the best handle on how to do things well. This is part of what feels frustrating. Every time I see something about comics not growing enough or a popular series failing, everyone always bemoans marketing and how hard it is to spread the word about comics and how we can't know if the publisher is doing anything wrong. But here, we have a writer (seemingly?) having to go behind Marvel's back to get publicity in non-traditional spaces to get the word of the book out...and that's a bad thing with them, apparently? Like, it's dumb enough that Marvel apparently hasn't thought of some of those strategies on it's own, but getting angry at your writer who tries them (especially after it works!) feels especially dumb! Especially given that stuff like that is how Captain Marvel became as big as she is now, with stuff like KSD paying out of pocket for a Carol redesign and pubbing the series. What the hell are they doing, exactly? And maybe marketing is a bigger deal than we seem to think, and there's a lot more these publishers could be doing.
This is a pretty rough read. Nothing too surprising, I guess, but it does confirm some of my not-great suspicions about Marvel as a company, and some of those failures just seem baffling (It sounds like Marvel is against creatives publicizing their series in non-traditional ways, while also not trying themselves? And it definitely seems like they're pulling back from looking at sales in markets like TPBs, which just seems dumb. And there's ongoing issues of relations with creators...). And I can't imagine they'll be asking Grace to do much more work after this, which is a shame since *Iceman* was pretty good.
Did you read the piece at all? &gt;"Do you know how hard it is to not argue with a publicist when he’s explaining the value of announcing Iceman’s revival via the Marvel homepage? Sis, that’s a burial. Instead of clapping back, I just went and got myself more press from the New York Times. From there, they tightened my leash. I had to get all opportunities pre-approved, and all interviews pre-reviewed." It seems like Marvel's marketing department failed him pretty spectacularly, if they ignored an obvious publicity opportunity like the one the writer pulled off on his own. And punishing him for doing it is even dumber. I don't blame him for not feeling like they were behind him, and it definitely seems like their marketing strategies need work.
I cut it for length, but the next line of the piece is literally: &gt;”This would be fine if it was the standard, but I assure you: none of my straight male colleagues seek permission to go on podcasts promoting their books.” So actually, it seems like every writer and artist *but* Grace got a free pass. And these are all Marvel’s characters, so whether the original creator objects or not doesn’t matter as long as Marvel okays it.
It's nuts that the Giants won three World Series this decade and might not even make the "decade playoffs"
Given that Gladiators lost, a 3-2 loss would ties us in map differential. Tiebreaker is ahead to head, but I don’t think that applies this stage, right? So what would be the tiebreaker?
Hopefully they just win it outright here and we don’t need to find out then!
&gt;It was made by members of the Ramtha School of Enlightenment. Among the talking heads in that is a woman named in the graphic as "Ramtha". Except Ramtha isn't the name of the lady talking. Her name is JZ Knight. Ramtha is the spirit that Knight claims speaks through her, and is "a Lemurian warrior who fought the Atlanteans over 35,000 years ago" &gt;Yes, that sounds like a source I want to learn about quantum physics from. Yeah, probably a bad documentary. But I would *love* a fantasy work based on this pitch.
There have been so many good soundtracks this year, but it's kind of nuts that River City Girls got snubbed. That said...I finally played Sayonara Wild Hearts the other day, and I'd be lying if I said I could vote for anything else for Best Soundtrack. What an achievement that game is
It's probably also worth noting the pickups and drops (also from Thibodaux's feed): * Rolen +33 * Sheffield +30 * Helton +23 * Wagner +22 * Andruw +21 * Walker +19 * Kent +18 * Vizquel +10 * Manny +8 * Schilling +7 * Pettitte +6 * Sosa +6 * Bonds +/- 0 * Clemens -2 Rolen and Sheffield are already among the biggest one-year gains since the ballot tracker started.
That strikes me as ambitious. Remember, a lot of these vote counts are going to drop on the final totals. Vizquel is gonna have to make a substantially bigger jump than he has before, and Sheffield was starting from such a low spot that he'll need another pick-up bigger than this already-large one (plus, I'd want to see him passing Bonds or Clemens, because I think this is mostly just him catching up). *Maybe* Rolen, since it'll be a pretty empty ballot and he could make a second big leap, but it'll be really close if he does.
Also, Clemens was a no-doubter even before his Toronto years anyway (of course, the earliest allegations we have against him come after his first year in Toronto anyway, but people always seem to forget that...)
[He endorsed Paul Nehlan](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_Nehlen)
In that interview, Schilling said things to Nehlan like: “You can go to his website... Follow him on Twitter.... He is the one and only Paul Nehlen.”, and “You are very much a constitutionalist which is one the reasons why I’m a fan.”, and “I want you to tell people how they can help you out.”, and “Hey buddy. God bless you. Look forward to having you back.” (taken from Think Progess's transcription). The fact that he retracted the endorsement is better than if he didn't, I guess, but that means he still endorsed a white nationalist and had to be talked out of it (and it's not even getting into Schilling's prior shoddy track record of saying gross things on his own).
[This guy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_Nehlen), so it's a pretty apt descriptor in this case.
Schilling invited a campaigning politician (which Nehlan was at the time) onto his explicitly political talk show, told listeners how to support his campaign, praised him, trashed the incumbent he was running against, and expressed an eagerness to work with him again in the future. Trying to say that it was anything but an endorsement feels like splitting the finest of hairs; you can endorse something without specifically invoking the word "endorse".
ZP just announced he'll be Jake's partner for the season on Twitter. Sounds like Avast isn't totally out of the league, though, just doing something else, although not confirmed yet.
Also, looks like Mayhems' pink and blue will be more neon, while Sparks' is closer to pastel.
I seriously wonder why they just didn't start with this.
Timespinner and Iconoclasts are great if you Metroidvania style platformers, and they're both pretty beautiful to look at. Crypt of the Necrodancer (and the Zelda sequel, Cadence of Hyrule) are also both solid. I go back to Flinthook, Moonlighter, and Wizard of Legend pretty often, they all look nice. Blossom Tales is a good Zelda-like game. For deeper Metroidvania cuts, I'm also a fan of Dandara, Momodora, A Robot Named Fight, and Alwa's Awakening (the [sequel for which](https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/eldenpixels/alwas-legacy) is looking even nicer!). Been meaning to try Mable &amp; the Wood and Axiom Verge next. Plus, Shantae and the Pirate's Curse, which is a little old at this point, but great to pick up if you missed it the first time around (like me).
Everyone's using this thread to dunk on Heyman instead of talk about how incredible Rolen's pickup has. He'll still probably drop to the low 40% range, but that would still be a ~25 point pickup, maybe the biggest in one year ever (not positive, but Walker's 20.5 jump last year might be the current record? Anyone know?). Rolen's still probably two years away, but that's still pretty amazing!
I think people are seriously overestimating how much it's hurting their cases, though. Helton has been picking up votes pretty easily this offseason. I really think the bigger factor dinging Walker for Hall voters is his injuries/playing time, and resulting low career totals.
Missing out on a few is just part of being part of predicting prospects. People don't seem to hold misses against other prospect writers the way they do Law. (And if we're gonna call misses, it feels worth it to point out their hits, too. For example, Law was one of the first prospect guys I remember being high on Altuve; that one seems to have worked out well.)
&gt; He got into some weird Twitter argument telling some guy he can't have "MLB" in his Twitter handle if he's not affiliated with the league. I remember that, it was because that guy who was some weird asshole who was trying to score political points and argued that Law was misrepresenting something because he wasn't clarifying a point he made about something was his opinion and not MLB's official stance. Law just pointed out that it was a stupid point to make for a guy who didn't work for MLB but put it in his Twitter handle.
One of the more depressing things I remember learning about political science was how many people just sort of pick politicians to support and fill in the blanks later.
Also, they were busted for the Apple Watch thing in 2017 along with the Red Sox, immediately before hiring Beltran.
&gt; The difference is that the article this time is the one positing that. Rosenthal's original article mentioned that it was part of a wider issue, though, and he was quick to reiterate that when people got too focused on Houston. It's been clear this would be the case for a while now.
&gt; Is this really news to anyone outside of maybe some conservative echo chamber? Absolutely. I know I've seen people arguing it in leftist spaces extremely recently. And if you need concrete examples, The Intercept of all places was posting this type of nonsense as recently as last year!
&gt; If he's better now, crossing the minor/adult threshold isn't what resolved his issues. He probably put a significant amount of work into rehabilitation. Of course, this is a big if. IIRC (I haven’t read the full story since it came out in the baseball world a few years ago), his record was actually supposed to be sealed since he committed it as a minor, and the only reason it came out was because he failed to comply with his probation while at college, leading to that lapsing/becoming public record, at which point someone at his college paper found out (and I think his coach knew about it as well when they recruited him? I just remember everything about this being a shitshow). The fact that he couldn’t be bothered with that, plus some of his comments since then, have definitely made that “if” a big question mark.
Indies are definitely the way to go. I've seen some good suggestions in this thread, I'll just add that if you're okay with roguelites, 20XX is a decent Megaman one, and A Robot Named Fight is a Metroidvania one that semi-regularly goes on sale for $2 or less (that one might be my biggest return on price:playtime)
It was always such a stupid way to institute replay in the first place. Like, it occurred to me that something like this could happen years ago, and I'm just some moron online who doesn't know what they're doing! Just have a fifth ump in the booth flagging stuff for review as it pops up.
Might be worth noting that Friedman came from a fairly similar background as Lunhow, working at Bear Stearns prior to baseball. And if Morrison is right, things might spiral from there, given that Friedman's been pretty influential in the front office side of things around the game.
Yeah, it's a problem either way, but it's also entirely possible it didn't help a ton and the players just kept doing it because it made them more comfortable. You can get some players to sign on to some pretty quackish stuff as long as it makes them feel more at-ease. Remember a few years ago when all of them were rushing to endorse copper bands and stuff? Or some of the weird medical procedures they do?
They also did Wandersong, which I loved! They've done a really good job of finding titles to pick up so far.
&gt; MLB had an opportunity to deter teams from doing the same thing or anything like it. That's the thing though, teams deciding to do something like this *now* aren't guaranteed of all the things the Astros and Red Sox got. It's easy to say it in retrospect for them, but for any team now, it's only worth it if you think this plan guarantees a World Series. EDIT: I guess the point I'm getting at now is, it's easy to make this seem inconsequential when we only know the success stories. But let's say, for instance, that [this rumor](https://twitter.com/jmjones/status/1194339616234627073?s=20) is true and the Brewers and Rangers are both tied up in this as well; do you think those teams and their fans would be content to trade all of that for the last two seasons they've had? That seems like a lot to pay for losses in the WC Game and the CS, let alone two non-playoff seasons.
&gt; All the astros were willing participants in cheating as well Jackson was a participant in match fixing, not cheating. They are very different.
There was also no evidence until people knew what to look for. Even if other teams were doing it, there's a good chance nobody ever finds out unless we have something else to go off of.
You mean rushing to the most extreme position on something the moment you find out about it *isn't* always a good idea?
&gt; I fail to see how it is being perceived as anything but taking what full experience we've been getting before and carving into DLC. I straight up don't understand this position. The new games are complete games.
&gt; only a sliver of the roster. Saying that every Pokémon game needs to have all 800+ Pokémon to be a full game is like saying that every game is incomplete unless it includes Kanto. 400 Pokémon is way more than enough to sustain a single entry.
It's far and away my second-most played game, and there's a good chance it passes Smash for my most-played even before the expansions hit.
I'd even argue that Sword and Shield had good stories, by Pokemon game stories. Hop and Sonia's character arcs were much more interesting than a vast majority of the series' characters (I can't remember thinking that since...Silver? Maybe N?), and the gym leaders and side characters were more interesting than the last few gens. None of them are major things, but they're more than the series usually does.
Yeah, people saying it used to be "harder" have no idea what they're talking about. It's always been easy if you want it to be. I made it through Red, Silver, Crystal, and Ruby before I changed my strategy from "just overlevel your starter and one-shot everything". My team in Silver was a level 100 Typhlosion (which only knew four offensive fire moves that I kept dropping PP Ups on), moderately-leveled up Ho-oh and Lugia, a maybe-level-50 Espeon, and a second level-40ish Typhlosion (with an identical moveset to the first one), which is in hindsight absolutely ridiculous, and I still stomped Red.
Kinda wish they had done this a few years ago, and maybe started lobbying the Hall a bit like the Mariners did with Edgar.
Heads up, your first two links are identical. Anyway, I feel like you could make a bingo card for events like these, especially in traditionally more conservative areas like sports. "I don't care", "Who else cares about this?", "Why does this matter?", "This person is technically less important than everyone else involved", "Weird, this never crossed my mind, so unlike you, I must live in a super-progressive Narnia-land", "They're probably only the first because [insert half-assed evo-psyche gobbledygook]", etc...
The numbers even line up fairly well. Wright: 14 seasons, 50.1 bWAR in first 11 seasons, 50.7 for career Pedroia: 14 seasons, 50.7 bWAR in first 11 seasons, 51.7 for his career
Also, looking at the game scenarios in those cases also informs WPA. Looking down that list, the first three of those all came in Game 1, when the Yankees lost 6-0, and none of them came before the Yankees were losing (the last two came down multiple runs). His other-three hit game, Game 6, saw all three come after the Yankees already led, with two of his three hits coming with the Yankees already up 3 or more runs. Those are bad game scenarios to be racking up WPA.
I think people undersell this, especially considering it also hurt his counting stats. I remember people listing that as a reason they wouldn’t vote for Bagwell years ago, this idea of “he was a good power hitter, but he only hit 449 homers playing in a high-offense era, so how good of a power hitter could he have really been?” Walker didn’t even reach 400. And the answer was to both point out how good they were despite less playing time, and to point out they weren’t *just* a one-note power hitter.
&gt; I believe defensive metrics are still a bit of a work in progress so I don't think everyone is on board with the analytics measuring them yet. Okay, but more traditional metrics also rate Rolen extremely highly, so it's not like the advanced stats are coming out of nowhere here. The only way I think you can discount defense as part of his candidacy is if you take the stance of "it just doesn't matter", which is clearly not true.
Yeah, I don't think I've had any issues once a level is loaded in, despite the load times being a little longer than they were on PC
Schilling has also pretty publicly aired a lot of bigoted views, spreads conspiracy theories like "children killed in school shootings are actually actors", writes/contributes for white nationalist sites like Breitbart... It's pretty clearly not just the "defrauding taxpayers" thing at this point
To be fair, a *lot* of voters have really stupid swings like this, at the granular level. If you look for them, sometimes around this time of year, you’ll find profiles of more...unique voters. I’ve seen some weird ones in the last few days; I think there was one woman who had voted Sanders in the 2016 primary, swung to Trump in the election, and was split between Buttigieg or Bloomberg for 2020. Or the one guy who had liked Warren, but got concerned she was too far left now after offering “free college”, which is why he was now supporting... Bernie Sanders. The bigger thing is that, for as many nonsense opinions like those as there are, they’re all pretty singular and idiosyncratic, so it’s not worth actually trying to appeal specifically to them.
This is a tiny outlet I’ve never heard of, the Houston Chronicle is the main paper for Houston. The Woodlands (where the team was renting) is an exurb about 30 miles from Houston proper that’s been sort of absorbed by the city’s massive sprawl. So it has a lot of traditional institutions you’d expect from an independent town, like a newspaper, but they’re pretty vestigial at this point.
Yeah, two findings of research I’ve seen on the matter are 1) people at the individual level can and do make choices like this irrationally; 2) sometimes there *are* consistent through-lines to the reasoning, but the given reasons are inaccurate, either to make the individual look better, or because they don’t even realize they’re acting on these motivations. One of the dumbest versions of the latter is that when you poll people on who they voted for after the fact, you actually have to adjust the results in favor of the losing candidate because some people either can’t remember and just guess the winner or don’t want to be associated with a “loser”.
Yeah, at the very least, Rogan’s reach should be minimized. If he wants to tell his fans about it, whatever. But the only thing that could possibly happen by the campaign promoting his endorsement is driving non-Rogan fans to him, and that’s the last thing we need. And the fact that the campaign can’t recognize that it was a mistake and doubled down on promoting him worries me.
Honestly, home/road splits don't tell us nearly as much here as people want to think. The 2017 Astros had a higher road OPS (.834) than home OPS (.812). The Giants might have done it, they might not have, but that's not gonna be the way we find out.
Cabrera signed his eight year extension in 2014, at the age of 31. The extension itself didn't even go into effect until 2016, so five years ago, it hadn't even kicked in yet. That's not really applicable to the Machado deal; his deal runs from age 26 to age 35, which for Cabrera, would have been his second year in Detroit through 2018. Even with the rough 2018, everyone should be fine taking on those ten years at $300 million.
Those aren't mutually exclusive? Like, the money for draft prospects and foreign free agents is set aside to be used no matter what, teams automatically factor that in. The Orioles were just throwing the foreign money all away (as well as some of the few prospects they did have) on dumb trades for AAAA players because they didn't know what to do with it. And I really don't see how saving money on Davis would have made their minor league development less stupid; I just don't see how paying him less makes Brian Matusz or Nick Delmonico or whoever turn out better.
&gt; slowing down the team’s rebuilding process all by itself Also, how is it slowing down the rebuilding process? What would they be doing with that money if it wasn't going to Davis? It's not like you can just go out and buy better prospects in a free agent market. Draft money and foreign free agent spending are hard capped, and those players are hard-controlled by their drafting/signing teams for years. Literally the only way it could speed things up is by making him more appealing to trade for, but Davis killed his own trade value; no team would be trying to acquire a guy who's been worth -4.5 WAR the last three years, regardless of his contract.
Fangraphs has his worth last year at $36.5 million. Given that his AAV is ~$25.4, he was already banking surplus value.
The whole point of long contracts is to build up surplus value in the early years, though. If you're going by comparing him to Santo, Santo was also worth $75.4M in his age 27 season alone (what Machado will be this year) going by current free agent WAR estimates (and that's assuming a linear relation, which isn't the case since we know one 4-Win player is better than four 1-Win ones). I am positive the Padres would take two or three dead years at the end of the deal if they got $204M in value from three years of Machado's deal (what Santo was worth from ages 26 to 28), plus a couple of other 6-WAR seasons after that stretch. And this isn't even getting into Santo's unique health conditions.
If a player has seven All-Star seasons over a ten year deal but the tenth year is bad, was the deal an outright disaster or just a wash? ^/s
The $8M price is for WAR on the free agent market. Arbitration and pre-arbitration WAR is different, but teams actually have to draft and develop that and it’s tightly under team control, so it isn’t freely available like players you can sign on the free agent market.
If a player has seven All-Star seasons in ten years, I’m gonna guess it’s not his fault if the team doesn’t contend.
This is getting dangerously close to “why doesn’t a team just draft and develop nine all-stars?” territory. They’re trying, but it’s hard. What do you do when you inevitably fall short of that? Do you sign free agents to fill the holes and make your team better? Or do you blow it all up in perpetuity until you hit on every prospect in some chase for perfect budgetary efficiency?
Also, comparing them to Pujols’s deal without noting that he was ~7 years older when he signed it feels like a glaring omission
No it's not? His first 10-year deal (2001-2010, before he opted out) was nine All-Star picks plus a snub in 2009. The 10-year extension he signed after his opt-out covered 2008-2017, and featured three All-Star years at the start (plus that 2009 snub), but also an entire year missed for suspension (2014), two seasons with ~100 games missed (2013 and 2016), plus the Yankees cutting him with a full season left. I think most people would gladly take the first, the second probably not, but most people aren't handing 32-year-olds 10 year deals these days.
It kind of varies. I'd say that the DH sees more non-pitcher use than it does in the majors, but the pitcher probably gets DH'd for more than any other position.
There has only been one pitcher since the start of the liveball era to have a career OPS+ above 100 in 100 or more PA: Micah Owings, at 106. Owings was basically the Barry Bonds of his position, and teams still didn't feel he was worth keeping on a roster if he couldn't pitch well enough to go along with that bat. That should tell us how important teams think pitcher offense is.
I haven't even heard of any fringe leagues somewhere trying this set-up as a gimmick, despite basically every other league converting to the DH years ago and the prevalence of gimmicky promotions in some of the minor leagues.
&gt; Why don't we make shortstops pitch? It's part of the game, right? Why do we set up the rules so that position players don't have to pitch? The answer is super duper obvious. It wouldn't be fun to watch. It's right there in the set-up, though! Nine positions, nine innings, each player gets an inning on the mound! What do you mean, you don't want to watch eight innings of the lineup launching meatballs thrown by position players? We'd probably get some cool moments out of that eventually, right? /s
Yeah. I'm sure there are at least a few extra close games or even walk-off hits we'd see if pitchers weren't there to kill rallies. Maybe a few stars could stick around to try for milestones. Shoot, we'd also even get more stellar defensive plays out of it, since pitchers strike out about twice as much as non-pitchers and a DH would mean more balls in play.
Sure, we'll only get twenty home runs a season league-wide, but think of how memorable each of them will be!
Whenever I see people say things like "why would players cheat if it didn't work", I just think to how for years, players would cork their bats until someone tested the physics of it and found that it made things worse. Or how so many players swore that copper bands were improving their hitting for years, somehow. A lot of the times, this stuff is just psychological. That's not to say they shouldn't be punished for breaking rules or anything, just that maybe there isn't a secret sauce that substantially improves performance like people seem to think when accounting for stuff like this.
That's basically MLB's go-to move on any sort of investigation into itself. It was the same with the Mitchel Report; use some big, shocking facts (look at all the players we caught!) while trying to use it as an end to the conversation rather than fixing underlying problems or forming a more-comprehensive report.
It feels at least a little telling that the Nationals’ post-Dusty playoff success just went with the strategy of “never use relievers" (and even then, Dusty was clearly more open to that strategy in his final year in Washington, it just so happened that when he tried it, Scherzer melted down)
&gt; It definitely contains some heart, but a lot of the symbolism and metaphor comes across as contrived, empty, and more than a little pretentious. And this is coming from someone that absolutely loves pretentious modern art. I've also seen a few female critics point out that it's pretty eye-rolling in retrospect that the big story subversion that people like to talk up to prove it's deep basically amounts to "women have agency". Like, the gameplay and level design and everything else is very well done, but story-wise, it's not too far off from *Chasing Amy* or something (but maybe with an added nuclear weapons metaphor?). It kind of shows how male-dominated some of those discussions were that this was treated as a revelation rather than a small twist.
I think he's also fairly involved with [The Indie Fund](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indie_Fund), which has made some pretty great games. Not sure how intense his work on that is, though.
&gt; he maybe grinded Kerry Woods to dust Even that feels overplayed, to a large extent. Wood had his first Tommy John surgery half a decade before Baker showed up, so it's not like it was something he caused. Between his problems and Prior, maybe there was an issue, but if there was, it pretty clearly hasn't resurfaced in any of his stints since then (and even in Chicago and before, seemed limited to just Wood and Prior).
&gt; This is true, however, it never should have gotten to that point. Mark Prior was gassed. The man had thrown over 130 pitches, and he was doing nothing but serving up big fat meatballs. Dusty still left him in. Counterpoint: the 2003 Cubs' bullpen was garbage, and they relied almost entirely on fluke good seasons from freaking Kyle Farnsworth and Joe Borowski. When those are your emergency options, sticking with the starter doesn't seem nearly as bad.
&gt; leaves his pitchers in too long, etc Even on stuff like this, [he's actually shown an ability to learn from his past mistakes and adapt](https://www.baseballprospectus.com/news/article/36853/best-bp-2017-dusty-bakers-outdated-reputation/), which I think is interesting.
For the purposes of punishment, yeah, the fact that they cheated is all that's really needed to argue for punishment. But posts like that one or this one aren't trying to argue that; they're trying to determine *how much of a statistical impact* sign stealing had, which is a different question than "did they cheat" or "should they be punished" or what-have-you.
A lot of people seem to be mixing the questions of "is it bad?" and "how effective was it?". Those two questions can have conflicting answers! If someone cheats, it doesn't matter how effective it is, it's still rule-breaking. But that doesn't also mean that the cheating was wildly beneficial, swinging the offense dramatically and all that. Maybe it was a really small change, maybe there wasn't one at all even. That doesn't excuse the cheating, it just means the two aren't in conflict. Just look at, say, corked bats for another example of this.
I don't even know if I saw anyone who thought it was a realistic option? Or if there were, they mostly seemed to go away when he pretty definitively said he didn't want to manage in 2020, so it was clearly more of a moonshot choice. I'm sure someone, somewhere maintained that it was an option, but complaining about individual random sports fans on Twitter feels about as productive as complaining about sports radio call-ins. Just accept there are always a few weirdos and ignore it.
No one in the comments has mentioned yet that xXx: The Return of Xander Cage is the greatest dumb action movie, so I will take the opportunity to do so now.
Yeah, and it seems a lot of their efforts to diversify behind the scenes seem to have been dropped. I know a lot of the creators they picked up for a while ended leaving after feeling they were being underserved (one of the more vocal cases I remember being Sina Grace noting that he had to do all of the work to publicize his run on Iceman), and the numbers of creators who were POC, women, or queer were down from their peaks last I saw (although that might be outdated now, it’s hard to find updated info).
&gt; When the establishment got the centrists to drop out but kept Warren in to split the progressive vote. Bloomberg stayed in as long as Warren did, and did better than she did on Super Tuesday. Was he somehow not splitting the centrist vote with Biden?
I think most modern comics have moved away from a focus on street crime, and it's more of a leftover artifact of a different era at this point that sticks in people's minds (for example, I feel like if Spider-Man fights a "low-level" guy these days, it's most always because they're on the payroll of a corrupt higher up exploiting their wealth or power in some way, be it Kingpin, Norman Osbourn, an organized crime group like the Maggia, whatever). But the treatment of police as an unquestioned good is definitely a still-ongoing problem right now, and one that I can't recall many Big 2 comics dealing with (outside of maybe Batman? But Gotham is still partly portrayed as an outlier).
He was underappreciated, and he debuted on an incredibly crowded ballot that limits voters to 10 players. A lot of the voters who wanted him to stick around didn't have space for him, and we weren't quite seeing the strategic voting that we have the last few years. There's a reason no one got inducted that year, despite nine guys who were on the ballot at the time making it in since (with a tenth or even more likely still to come).
It'd be one thing if it was, like, "the creator says this, but some higher-up is vetoing making anything explicit". But in the case of Harry Potter, Rowling has pretty clearly been free of executive oversight for a while now. The fact that we have new movies coming out over a decade later, both with her heavy involvement and centering around Dumbledore and his supposed lover, that *still* refuse to make things explicit just kind of confirms how little she cared about it.
I really liked Alwa's Awakening, so I'm excited for this one!
Sohla needed her own show, like, months ago. The Chicken Carbonara Three Ways video was interesting, but she was far and away the best part, and I'd love to see more stuff like that that allows for her creativity. But really, anything
&gt; I mean, I will admit that it's probably not at the higher end of profitability in terms of industries as a whole. I'm skeptical of this idea, given how many investment groups have bought teams recently under the reasoning of "you'd have to be an idiot to lose money.
Does it matter that this is more about breaking down his claims, rather than reporting the claim itself?
My junior high English class made us read one King Arthur book of our choice in addition to the regular lesson plan, and my dad gave me an old copy of John Steinbeck’s take on the Arthur mythos that he had read and liked for school back in the day. I realized at some point (I think while writing about it for something?) that he also just...made up a couple of his own additions for the book. They were pretty good, as was the rest of the book!
I want to add that I just finished both Underhero and Secret Little Haven in the past few weeks, and enjoyed both immensely!
As someone who really liked Timespinner, anyone looking for more in that vein should consider Iconoclasts as well!
&gt;!It's just a random alien that pilots the Starworm to the planet for unknown reasons, and its importance in largely thematic as a result. It's loosely foreshadowed by a few things earlier, but the biggest thing is the revelation that The One Concern, and consequently most of the planet's hierarchy and culture, are based on worshipping what was actually just a spaceship driven by a random alien race that only randomly visited their planet as a refueling station, and nothing more.!&lt;
I have no idea who this is, so my brain just corrected it to “Starfire”, and I was like “alright, not the Teen Titan I would have gone with, but okay I guess”
And it would call into question every other aspect of MLB's actions (even more so than it already is for some people). If they're giving preferential treatment to one team, what's to say they weren't doing it in it other things? Were they actually trying to fix the issue, or just make it go away? How deep does this actually go?
How long ago was that? I had completely forgotten it existed, I can't imagine staying angry about something that anodyne for that long
It's kind of funny, because to be a "serious" conservative thinker at this point, you basically have to ascribe to one of three or four ideologies that are largely similar but very different at the margins, and none of those ideologies actually line up exactly with mainstream conservatism or general conservative voters. That's how you get weird things like this.
Yeah, I believe that Gorsuch's reasoning was based in libertarianism, but I wouldn't be shocked if Roberts' ultimate reasoning was "oh shit oh shit if we rule that way right now, it'll just make the protests and civil unrest worse, and people will get angry at the Supreme Court in a way that discredits us down the line".
&gt; Like how the right went so far right that a lot of genuine libertarian/small-government supporters shuffled over to left-leaning parties. I don't know if "shuffled over to the left" is totally accurate; Gorsuch will still wind up ruling with conservatives more than not. But yeah, at this point, the only ideological framework that allows you to always rule with Republicans' arguments is "Republicans have ultimate say in anything".
Oh, I don't doubt that it's the case for some people. It's just that Gorsuch in particular sure as hell isn't one of them; this is likely just a blip consistent with his prior quirks.
&gt; Kept losing out to Orlando Hudson and Brandon Phillips. To be fair, Hudson was also a legitimately great fielder; he's 14th all-time in the Fielding Runs component of WAR (B-R version) for a second baseman (97.4). Granted, Utley is eighth (129.0), but given year-to-year variations, they probably had a few years trading for the top spot. Phillips is pretty out of place in that bunch though (18.4, 117th all-time). But yeah, Utley deserved a couple of Gold Gloves. I remember some speculating that it was because Utley got a decent amount of value from positioning, which is why he never stood out as much.
There are also [a few players hurt by waiting for integration as well](https://blogs.fangraphs.com/joe-mauer-and-the-rule-of-2000/), although they're obviously in their own category.
[A lot of people seem to have similar stories.](https://www.comicsbeat.com/jason-latour-misconduct-allegations/)
Yeah, that's probably the best description of it. [For example](https://twitter.com/DSzymborski/status/1229523052440039424?s=20)
Yeah, everyone keeps pointing to those four, but even Greinke and Bumgarner **combined** have a career OPS+ of 107. Like, two of the top four hitting pitchers in the game today make up two halves of a whole Derek Dietrich, and no one is going to use Dietrich as a DH unless they have no other choice. The only pitcher who is going to see DH time is Ohtani (*maybe* Lorenzen, but even he only has an OPS+ of 85, so it would probably be on a thin-bench day).
&gt; I think maybe once G Willow Wilson was there but I don’t ever recall Kelly Sue DeConnick being there when she was writing Captain Marvel. I saw Margaret Stohl on a panel at a convention a year or two ago, and she mentioned that she was just the second female writer to get to go to one of those summits ever, so I think you're right.
[Elsa Charretier comments on it with her own story](https://twitter.com/e_charretier/status/1275857401506398209)
This has basically been the case with every new Gen going back to Gen III at least. GS is probably the last time a new Pokémon sequel was universally recognized as good when it actually came out (and I can’t even be sure then, since I don’t go back that far and had to take others’ words for it).
&gt; if we werent gonna give a fuck we might as well have kept the economy going. This was never gonna work either. You can see it in places that re-opened; most people aren't going back because they don't want to risk turning their lungs to pulp for the sake of eating at an Applebees or shopping at TJ Maxx. 75% of people staying home isn't high enough to stop the spread of the virus, but it's also too high to just reopen and hope there's no economic impact.
And regardless of whether they open concessions, I feel like 8000 is enough that it won't totally get rid of crowding at things like entrances, or restrooms.
&gt; In some states, a majority of people are going back to normal [They clearly aren't, though](https://twitter.com/ModeledBehavior/status/1275448148664541185?s=20). This is the problem I mentioned; 25% of people or whatever "returning to normal" is more than enough to undo efforts to stop the spread of the disease, but most places can't actually survive for extended periods on 25% of their former business, and it's not clear what would improve that number outside of stopping the spread of the virus so more people actually feel comfortable returning to normal.
[Julie Benson responded to this with another relevant story](https://twitter.com/TheJulieBenson/status/1276246156150861826?s=20), about how their response to her complaining about having to work with Eddie Berganza was literally "what if you just never talked to your editor directly and did it all through an intermediary?"
Oh man, and you get that sweet, sweet “Pokémon Stadium/Battle Revolution were good animation, why not just do that??” Yes, why don’t the mainline games have 3D animation as good as the games with half to a quarter of the current roster, next to nothing outside of those Pokémon models, and outsourced to other companies? What are we missing here?
A couple of them are just conservative trolls who realize that Twitter rewards them for getting a bunch of people to yell at them (“engagement!”), so they post dumb stuff to encourage people to yell at them even more.
Yeah, I've been trying to tell people this for a while, but conservatives (US ones, at least) mean something totally different when they complain about "the elite" than most people. It's a general enough term that it looks like there's some overlap, but drilling down, you start to see it's coming from an entirely different framing. As best as I can determine, it's "people I don't like because they tell me I'm wrong", so rich people agreeing with them are fine, but, say, academics making a lot less money than millionaires but discussing things like systemic racism or climate change qualify. Pizzagate, as a conservative conspiracy theory, is built around that definition, but some people who are as aware of that miss in.
Pizzagate was totally divorced from that, though. It's like saying "fifty years ago, people laughed at the theory that the moon landing was faked, but then in 2009, *Moon* was released and confirmed we 100% have filmed fake moon scenes. really makes u think"
The initial claim of Pizzagate was “there is a specific such ring, involving these specific people and based at least in part out of this location”. It turned out that assumption was based on nonsense, and the location in question didn’t even exist. You don’t get to miss on all of that and then just walk it back to the broadest version of that claim, claiming victory when anything with a passing similarity happens.
Map 1 and 2 felt like a couple bad plays costing the Outlaws the map, but I figured “at least they’re going to get swept so those won’t matter”. Nope! At least I finally know not to get my hopes up in a Map 5.
Decided to look for the corresponding game for pitchers. On the second-to-last day of the 1921 season, game 1 of a double header, Phil Douglas was allowed to throw complete game loss. 8.1 IP, 20 H, 10 R, 7 ER. What made it a -1.59 WPA performance was that it was 3-1 heading into the bottom of the sixth, at which point it became a back-and-forth affair where the Giants would take a lead, and then Douglass would immediately cough it up in the next half inning. [Box](https://www.baseball-reference.com/boxes/PHI/PHI192110011.shtml)
&gt; Edit: maybe a Ball-Zarya-Hanzo-Genji-Mercy-Lucio meta screws them. Moth can’t play both healers at once I love this stupid comp. It makes so little sense that I'd love to see a version where it did become meta. I've spent the last 30 minutes trying to brainstorm teams that wouldn't fall flat on their faces trying it, and I have a few, but honestly, Shock would probably manage it better than most. The only team that I can think of that would probably be comfortable on it is Chengdu (although it's still Chengdu, so who knows what their ceiling would be), everyone else has to make stretches somewhere for the most part. Maybe Shanghai or Seoul or NYXL would manage okay, but I can see SFS still being really good given how the rest of the league would probably struggle with it.
Sitting on it more, I think Guangzhou or Hangzhou might be surprisingly good? Hangzhou should be able to get a decent Ball-Zarya between all their tanks, iDK-M1ka on support, and GodsB-Architect on DPS. Meanwhile, Guangzhou could do Rio-Cr0ng-Chara-neptuNo-some combo of Happy/nero/Eileen. Granted, it’s probably wrong to assume that teams who don’t regularly cover some of those players couldn’t cover them (and flexible teams that have succeeded across metas could probably especially make something work), but it’s probably also safe to assume some experience helps as well.
Honestly, as someone that played the original GS, the fact that HGSS didn’t do as much to expand Kanto always bugged me. Like, it felt like the original games had a lot they could expand on and make both regions bigger, but they were already pushing against size limits. I was always kind of underwhelmed the remakes didn’t do more there, given the extra space.
&gt; It was an administrative error and in no way intentional. That's not exactly a great excuse, though? You can still hurt someone unintentionally. Like, if I take a day off to go to a grandparent's funeral, and my job mistakenly tells everyone that it was for the birth of my child instead, and I return to people congratulating me for my grandma's death... like, it's still definitely a mistake, but it's really shitty and they should have not done that! And you still need to tell other people about the issue so they don't continue congratulating you for having a dead grandma!
You know what's also unprofessional? Not knowing your employees' birthdays, or what to call them, or publicly doxxing them. I feel like the actual company in this interaction has failed to be professional way more than Violet.
I just have to wonder what it would be like if it were something else, like doxing. Like, if the team had been like, "Happy birthday to Danteh" and accidentally included a picture that had his home address, and he had gotten upset about it, would we have as many people here being like, "whoa, dude, don't rock the boat too much, sometimes that just happens and you have to accept it, not the team's fault, deal with it in private"? Like, it's not a small thing to screw up, especially for a large, publicly-facing group. Edit: you know, I said “like doxing” for comparison, but this actually feels like it fits the standard definition of doxing. It’s definitely sharing private, personal info, even if it is a distinct subset of that.
As an Outlaws fan, I hope that’s the case. It still seems unfortunate more than anything, but if it was a response rather than just bad timing, it looks like the hollowest, most cynical form of corporate allyship.
&gt; Not to downplay the psychological effects of dead naming someone, but doxxing can have some very long lasting and even dangerous uncontrollable effects. That 's the case for deadnaming too, though. Many public trans figures have noted the lengths they go to to hide their deadnames, because greater visibility makes it much easier for shitty transphobic trolls to harass them. A professional esports team with hundreds of thousands of followers (exponentially more than the individual) publicly advertising that info is not great, in that regard. It's still private info. Like, the threats for releasing someone's address versus the last four digits of their SSN vs medical info are all very different, but they're all still private, personal info, and they're all still forms of doxing. &gt; Even so it's less about what the mistake was and more about how it was handled. It seems Violet handled it well? The team publicly revealed private info, they publicly responded. If nothing else, they seem to have handled it at least as professionally as the actual professional organization. &gt; When Violet went public with the complaint instead of keeping it internal, they became a brand risk. The biggest brand risk seemed to be when the Outlaws made the initial mistake, revealing (at best) that they were not on top of their game and not super aware of their employees. Violet's reaction isn't going to undo that, no matter how they respond; at that point, the prime concern is removing the offending tweet. &gt;It would be the same if the org accidentally doxxed someone and that someone went public instead of handling it internally You mean if the Outlaws had mistakenly included a tweet with Rawkus's address and he said something about it publicly, we'd have threads of people being like "bad move Rawkus, can't reflect badly on the team" and "maybe they should cut him, this type of attitude seems like a liability"? I kind of doubt that.
&gt; Really, referring to them by their previous name is not that big a deal. Many public trans figures have noted the lengths they go to to hide their deadnames, because greater visibility makes it much easier for shitty transphobic trolls to harass them. It's still private, personal information that the team shouldn't have released, which is the main criteria for doxing.
&gt; When you work for a company and you affect that company's image negatively in an unnecessary way, you make yourself expendable. Even assuming this is the appropriate line of reasoning, it seems to lend itself more to "fire the PR/Social Media manager", though. Like, the damage was the Outlaws publicly screwing up an releasing sensitive info on an employee, and a public-facing one at that. There's no response Violet could have that would undo that, and I certainly don't think their response made it any worse than the initial screw-up already was.
Is the defense here really "stop criticizing companies for not doing better when there's an easy-to-make switch that many other companies have already made to address the issue"? That seems like a dumb hill to die on.
&gt; Do we know if they used this name to sign legal documents? A lot of company's HR will just use your legal name for shit. Plenty of places also keep info of their employees preferred names, though. If there's an easy-to-make fix that other companies are already using to avoid the issue, "I personally wasn't using that easy-to-make, widely-in-use fix" doesn't make everything go away? It makes it less malicious and more careless I guess, but I get the impression that this was how most people already saw it.
"Look, the poor, sweet company already changed their logo to a rainbow to celebrate June, you can't just expect them to also use their employees' correct name and pronouns for the entire month, or not publicly deadname them on their birthday! After all, they're just a corporation, not something truly professional, like an individual. Next time, send a notarized form letter and allow 2-3 business days for them to address the issue."
Yeah. It's really hard not to read these comments as people getting angry at trans people for asking for the bare minimum of respect. Like, there are easy ways for a company to avoid this problem! It shouldn't be hard. And nothing Violet did to respond made the Outlaws look worse than the team's initial mistake. Like, it's most likely unfortunate timing that the deal ended when it did, but that doesn't mean everyone needs to also start preemptively defending the company that's clearly in the wrong, or start telling employees to just sit and suffer in silence when their employer mistreats them.
&gt; See what you're doing is making up a hypothetical that is impossible to verify and then using it as if it's evidence of something. Sure, it was a hypothetical when I wrote this. But then again, there's another front page thread right now about Spree publicly requesting more playing time, and the comments sure seem a lot less hostile to him, so it seems I was pretty accurate.
&gt; My point isn't "don't criticize the poor little companies." My point is have expectations that are grounded in reality. Again, the "reality" in this case is "many companies already have systems to deal with this issue so they don't make mistakes like this". Again, are we just not supposed to criticize companies for being behind the curve on issues like this, especially in the wake of them screwing up directly as a result of being behind the curve? Like, if a company's database got hacked because they were using old security measures, we wouldn't have dozens of people rushing in to be like "aw, gosh darn it guys, it was just a mistake, cut them some slack!"
