Most of his targets hit the ground before they get to him. But yeah he's the issue
It's amazing we play him in position the last two weeks and he plays like a first round talent. It's almost like he's been playing out of position the whole season
Neither has 98% of our team
oh god please no
I'd be willing to bet AJ McCarren is our starting QB week 1. But I think we all already kinda knew that
Sticking with the guy who is a blocked FG away from.being 0-16 two years in a row is smart? Lolololololol
And lack of any touch on his balls And inability to go through progressions and get off his first read And lack of internal clock And lack of any sort of consistency whatsoever. But yeah other then all those things yeah
I had people telling me that I do is "whine" when it comes to Kizer. Lol
Can't wait for Greg to play him a SS and Peppers at FS. Because you know, Greg doing Greg things
If we pick Allen who do we want as our GM in 2019?
I feel like we literally see one of these every season. Every offseason is the "most important in franchise history"
Am I an asshole? Scale of 1-10 So my buddy and I duo'd our placements yesterday. Every round we were in team chat, did some call outs with our team, and generally communicated. The issue is, I only played Torb he only played Symmetra. We did not throw. We tried to win every game and as I have already said we communicated with our teams. If you care about results we went 8-2 (i'm just as shocked as you are) So r/Overwatch, am I an asshole?
If you are Plat or Lower the system takes your personal stats and compares it to the stats of other players of that hero at your skill level. So say you are in Gold and you play Mercy. The game will compare your game stats to that of other Mercy players in gold. If you are better then the average you will gain more SR if you win but lose less if you lose. On the flip side if you are below average during the match then you gain less in a win and lose more in a loss
i mean there are different levels of asshole. Hence the reason why i asked for a scale of 1-10. Thanks for reading B U D
around 2550. Which was roughly 200 above where i ended last season lol
Not gonna like it kinda felt awesome. I am normally a flex player. So I usually end up on Tank or Support. It felt good telling the insta locking Hanzo that he wanted a second healer he could play him. (I usually say this anyway but it felt like a power trip this time lol). It felt good doing what people usually do to me
What part of Kizer's terrible accuracy, terrible decision making, lack of pocket awareness, no internal clock, and inconsistent arm strength makes you think he is our future?
I mean i don't think any QB under Hue will succeed. I think whoever gets drafted by the Giants will be next years Carson Wentz (think about that receiving core. OBJ/Marshall/Engram/Sheppard).
"Can't miss" guys don't come out that often at all. Last "can't miss" was Andrew Luck in 2012. You mention Cam Newton in one of your posts but when Cam was coming out people worried that his play style wouldn't translate to the league. Further people worried about Cam essentially being a one read and run type qb. Here was Cam's draft profile http://www.nfl.com/combine/profiles/cam-newton?id=2495455 Fact is scouts are in love with Rosen's mechanics and seems to be the most "NFL ready" guy to come out since Luck. I don't see what his rich parents have to do with his love of the game. The only article i have seen that questions his love for the game cited "locker room sources" which seems to be an excuse to wildly speculate and push your own agenda. Further scouts have been touting Darnold since the end of last season. The only reason USC was in the playoff talk the small bit they were was because of Darnold. Not to mention the guy with all the physical tools (Allen), the guy who had somewhere close to 7,000 all purpose yards (Jackson), and the gun slinger who does nothing but ball out (Mayfield). Drafting a QB is always a risk. We haven't taken a QB with our first pick in the first round since Couch.
If only we had a safety who excelled at playing in the box, was a great tackler, was good in run support and would allow Minkah to play center field. Man wish we had that guy.......oh wait.......
The source is Grossi -_-. Look I realize half this sub hates Coco. But we are already week at reciever. Colemon has shown flashes of succeeding when given a good thrown ball. He has also had two drops in clutch moments. I think we need to keep Coleman and get him a QB that doesn't throw every pass 10 yards behind him or at his feet
Greg finally played him at SS the last two weeks and balled out. I would love to have Minkah in center and Peppers in the box. I'd be scary in a year or so
Same tbh
This isn't protesting anything. There is no calls for Haslam to sell the team, no call to fire Hue none of that shit is happening. This just a gigantic lolbrowns irl. I don't understand how anyone can support this shit
We averaged 4.7 yards a carry. Kizer had the slowest release time of any starting QB. Can't expect to have the OLine hold their blocks for 5 years when Kizer is still staring down that first read
He better. That's literally why he was drafted in the first round. He looked like a first round talent in the last two games playing his natural position
You OSU fans are rediclious. Peppers in two games gave up something like 4 receptions in 40 ish coverage snaps. Plus had something like 6 or 7 run stops in the two games he played at SS. He was played out of position. It's not his fault our D coordinator played him out of position the whole damn season
Again he was played out of position the entire season. We took a box safety who was great in run support and open field tackling and decided to play him in punt return coverage every down. Of course he didn't have an impact. How can you when you are lining up in Pittsburgh every home game Edit: also I straight up told his performance the last two games when he was played in position he played like a first round talent. How you don't see that as anything is beyond me
The last two weeks when played in position, in 40 + coverage snaps, gave up 4 receptions. 1 INT and 6 or 7 run stops. I don't know what else you want. You can't claim that the player sucks and acknowledged he was played out of position. If he was played in a spot where he clearly wasn't drafted to do that is clearly on the coaching staff. Again and yes i am going to keep saying it, the reason he kept getting beat deep is because we drafted a box safety to play center field. Peppers was consistently around the ball and made great open field tackles when he had the chance to. When the team put him in the chance to succeed he did. He didn't do anything "of note" as you say because he was out of position. Peppers isn't a ball hawk. Peppers is the guy who will blow up the run play in the backfield and make the great open field tackle which he consistently did all season. You can't blame Peppers for only having 1 INT when Gregg had him playing 30 yards back of LOS and the opposing teams just dink and dunked us the whole way down the field. He would get beat deep because he isn't a CF safety. idk why that is hard to understand
I don't have the target numbers but, if you aren't targeted that usually means one of two things. 1 the QB doesn't see the guy you're covering or 2 the QB has decided agaisnt throwing the ball your way. I would imagine Peppers case is a little collum a and a little collum b. But to say it means nothing just shows your Scarlett and Grey goggles
Our first pick needs to be a QB. Take your pick with these two at 4
Except we have a good OLine. Can't expect the OLine to hold their blocks forever while Kizer waits for his first read to get open
It's still gonna take a lot. I bet we end up giving up what Hue tried to give up for AJ McCarren. I think a 2nd and a 3rd is to much for an aging 33 year old QB who has issues throwing in the cold. Edit: also Alex Smith doesn't fit Hue's 4 verts, every other play offense Edit2: I hate autocorrect
Honestly I like Rudolph as QB. I think he can have some success but I don't think he we ever be a guy to take a team to the Superbowl
If he get play calling duties. I see Hue bringing in a young guy and not letting him call plays
"Real Players"
THIS! Every season Alex Smith does really well when it's warm then the colder it gets the worse Alex Smith gets. I wouldn't mind acquiring him but i dont wanna give up anything above a 3rd
4 verts in cold with Smith's noodle arm!!!
Can we stop posting threads and talking about the parade? It happened it's over move on to to offseason shit posting. Or you know we head over to the Cavs/Tribe subs and you know support a team that wins
I'm convinced AJ McCarren will be our starting QB week 1 of next season
To be fair this game looks like shit on PC to
I would like Dorsey or any other GM we may or may not have to draft players that will succeed in the NFL. Idk why what college they went to matters. I hate when peoole go "derrr we are losing because we don't any OSU players derrrrr"
There is no way you boot up a game like Bioshock Infinite, or destiny 2 or any other game and go "nahhh PUBG looks better"
Trade down but if we have to pick I'm not against drafting Calvin Ridely. Ik it's a bit of a reach but with Coco's health history, Gordons history it don't think it would be and bad to get our shiny new QB someone to throw to
then give me Teddy
did he lead the Vikings to 11 wins? I'd love to have Bridewater right now
Scarlett and Grey goggles in full effect
I don't care if Rosen doesn't want us I want him! COME HERE AND LOVE ME DAMN IT!!!!
The toaster duh!!
Corners I'd rather have then Haden (in no order) Patrick Peterson Darius Slay Marcus Peters Richard Sherman Aquib Talib Chris Harris JR Malcom Butler Casey Hayword AJ Bouye Josh Norman edit: Forgot Ramsey and Lattimore
why did i think he played Safety?
why did i think he played Safety?
This was Grossi's response to Minkah after Georgia scored a TD https://twitter.com/TonyGrossi/status/950574688589221889
Agreed on all 3
Yup. Tyrod is safe with the ball. Wont make the flashy 50 yard passes but he is safe, doesn't throw a lot of picks and can move the ball down the field
and that situation is "Jax, Giants, Redskins, and Broncos all massively screw up and not offer enough $$"
Everyone always assumes players will just follow the money. If that were true we'd still have Alex Mack, Mitchell Shwartz, and every big name to go out on the market. Guys like Kirk will go where they get a decent pay but still win the Superbowl. If I'm Kirk Denver and Jax are where I wanna go and I take a pay cut to keep the guys you mentioned on the teamv
i agree but by the same token we can't assume he would take a blank check to come here either
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FI6gZxLnwdw
So you are a Cowboys, Lions, and Jets fan? And now you are a Browns fan? I don't understand how people can that passionate about so many teams in the same sport.
Just be warned that was Hue Jackson a few years ago o.O Hope it works out for you guys though!!
I was at the Browns Lions game (I'm in love with your stadium btw) and I genuinely don;t understand why some of your fan base hates Stafford. You have a franchise QB who is a top 10 NFL QB. I genuinely believe if you guys had a bell cow back and consistent pass rush you guys are 10+ wins and consistently making noise in the playoffs.
Listen our roster is bad but it isn't 1-31 bad edit: hopefully Patricia works out for you guys though. Dude doesn't seem like an ego maniac on a power trip like Hue.
Delete this. We don't stoop to their level
but my narrative!
if we could get Pryor back for cheap, (ik he had a bad year but i think he would be cheap enough to bring back and kick the tires again) put Pryor and Flash on the outside then slide Coco into the slot. I think it's the most idea I'd love to throw a ton of money at Laundry though
did Coco play in the slot in College? I feel like slot receiver is a perfect for for him. I mean Idk if there is a receiver in the draft that would be there in the second round that I would start over Pryor. If the rookie earns it or Pyror just plays like absolute garbage then i'm for it. But at the start I think it would be Pryor's job to lose
Colemon being a bad route runner is just straight false and lazy. Colemon vs Janoris Jankins: http://www.stack.com/a/watch-browns-corey-coleman-ran-a-perfect-route-that-totally-faked-out-janoris-jenkins Colemon vs Jalen Ramsey: https://twitter.com/clevezirm/status/933068741830696960 More Colemon separation on routes: https://twitter.com/clevezirm/status/938081018405441540
Right but im giving you proof that Colemon is a good route runner so calling him a slot guy isn't lazy. I am saying he is a good route runner and that is why he would be good in the slot edit: also using a players short comings in college after they have been in the NFL for two full seasons is absurd.
the Lima tweet is really my reasoning. I'm thinking Mularkey may end up being a better coordinator then a coach
Myles Garrett "didn't want to play for us" last year either.
he never said he didn't want to play here. The quote was “I’d rather be a lower pick at the right team than a higher at the wrong team.” Here is the article: https://www.sbnation.com/2017/12/24/16815914/nfl-draft-2018-josh-rosen-browns-trade-giants-eli-manning-scenario
saw this at a Columbus Clippers game as well. Made a huge impact
Chicago isn't a small market though....
Omar Vizquel getting screwed!!!
Thanks Gregg!
Last year it was Bryan Shaw. This year not sure
or you know play Peppers in a position where he can succeed. When we played Peppers at SS he played well
What I am saying is people are shitting on Peppers despite the fact the fact he was misused and played out of position. Peppers played like a first round talent the last two weeks (when played in position). Is White better absolutely. But i am still happy Peppers is on our squad
He came out as a SS. Hue aknowledged after the draft that he was a SS. He fits the mold of a box safety perfectly. We then played him at FS -_- Obviously knowing what we know now going with White and others would have been better this season. Peppers at the time was a good pick and is a good football player when placed in the position to succeed.
Listen I would love to grab Bell as much as the next guy but I think we all know we are kidding ourselves if we think he is gonna come here
I mean we never get top of the line FA here because of the stigma here. Tony Jefferson lat year turned us down to take less money and go to Baltimore. Schwartz turned us down a few seasons ago. Mack turned us down. We wont get top of the line free agents here until we start winning games consistently. Who is the biggest FA we have signed in the last 5 years? Bowe? Britt? Ben Tate?
If you take a player at 4 to play position A why would you not take the same player at the same pick at position B if they are the best guy in the draft at both positions? Are you drafting the player or are you drafting positions?
Chubb or Guice.
Laundry: I want to get paid! Dorsey: well what a coincidence, we have a check with your name on it! Laundry: How much is it for? Dorsey: how much does it need to be for?
Can someone explain why wouldn't trade DRose?
can you name another? Or are we gonna let one guy in 5 seasons drive the narrative?
I wouldn't consider McCourty or Tretter on the same level as Levon Bell but okay
i mean i see Kirk in the same light I see Phillip Rivers, Alex Smith and Matt Stafford. Guys who are good enough to get you 8-10 wins a season and get you to playoffs. Potentially win you a division game but wont get you to the super bowl. Quite frankly I would love for that to be us right now
its hard because I want to see more then one year of this from him. Peyton Hillis looked like the best RB in the league for us that one year then we saw what happened. Nick Foles had that one outstanding season then he fell back into the hands of mediocrity. As of right now I am tending to lean towards this being a 1 year wonder type season but I also recognize that the deck is stacked in Bortles favor. Good RB, decent OLine, decent receivers.
I would give you Stafford is better then Cousins but i wont give you Rivers. Rivers has never shown the abilty to will his team to playoffs and be able to throw the ball around the yard with the likes of Brady/Brees/Rodgers. Rivers is good but imo he's in the same league as Cousins in that "B tier" of QB's
Machado would be huge. We have enough depth in our starting rotation I'd be okay to part with someone like Salazar.
didn't know the SS thing. I figured he would slide into 3rd, move JRam to 2nd and Kip to the utility role. But yeah if he wont play 3rd and sign any kind of extension then I agree no dice
This is why I want Rosen. At worst he is respectable. I would LOVE to have consistent respectable QB play
We can't drop out of the first pick we just can't. That's why Sashi got canned. In a QB rich draft it should be a fireable offense not to pick a QB at 1
I don't play fantasy baseball but from a player perspective I'd like to see him go longer in games. It seems like whenever I watch a Salazar start he is usually pulled in the 4th or 5th. Maybe I'm.just watching his bad games but I'd like to see him go further into the game
GTA 5 torture scene. After that level I put the game down and haven't played it since
Good for Josh...I still don't want him....but good for josh
We have got to have the least liked coaching staff in all of the NFL.
HE DOESNT WANT TO BE IN CLEVELAND!!!!!! HE HAS CHARACTER ISSUES!! I HEARD FROM www.clearlybiasedsportsblog.rus THAT HIS TEAMMATES HATE HIM!!!!! WE CANT DRAFT HIM!!!! /s
We already made this mistake with Kizer. Don't make it again Edit: you guys can down vote me all you want but these were the same issues Kizer had coming out. All I kept hearing this time last year was that he had "the AFC north build" and "his cieling is the highest". Literally both of those things can be said about Allen as well. Drafting a QB with accuracy issues hardly ever pans out well. Kizer had accuracy issues it was a mistake to draft him. Allen has accuracy issues it would be a mistake to draft him.
Not gonna lie he looked a lot like Kizer to me
pass on a QB because we signed Counsins no....pick up Cousins AND draft a QB yes....but ik that wont happen
Flash Gordon/Corey Colemon/David Njoku/Duke Johnson seems like plenty of weapons
Baeker Baeker Touchdown Maker!!!!!!!!!
A lot of child advocacy depends on how your home state. IK in my home state there are attorney's who's main area of practice is Guardian Ad Litem (GAL) work. In my home state GALs for children will often times be appointed in both divorce cases as well as Abuse/Neglect/Dependency cases. Summer after my 1L year I clerked for my local Court Appointed Special Advocate (CASA) program. CASA programs are located all over the country and are always looking for volunteers. If you volunteer with your local CASA program itll expose you to the kinds of work GAL's do. During my clerkship I helped the attorney's for the program draft motions and do some legal research. It is possible for you to survive off of a GAL salary. GAL's in divorce cases often times can charge more per hour but depending on the case you might be stuck with the "do I stop doing work and piss off the court or do I keep doing work and extend the proceedings till I get paid" dilemma (this is a drastic oversimplification but the idea is there). Another area where you could look into is Juvenile Justice/Juvenile Defense work. Think public defenders office but the Juvenile division. When you start to consider things like bindovers (sending a juvenile from juvenile court to adult court) and how they effect juvenile's it'll give you a new perspective on that system. Hope this helps!
100% agree. With that being said I don't think I would be angry if we drafted Baker or Darnold at 1. When we drafted Johnny and Kizer I through a fit (my now fiance still remembers me screaming "GOD FUCKING DAMN IT" when we drafted Kizer last year). This wouldn't be the case with Darnold or Baker
I would like to throw my hat in the ring for a mod position! If not then im just happy to hear the sub exists!
WOOT WOOT!!! I didn't expect Omar to get in but by god is he getting disrespected
have they announced when the "year of the dog" comes out? edit: meaning the event :P
Mystery Heros is what I play when i'm not playing Comp
meaning the event :P thanks for the snark though!! :P
SAS has gone off his rocker
Are these the attitude problems I keep hearing about?
I'm not crying you're crying!!!!!!!!!
I wanna see who makes the team first. Erik Gonzalez seems like the easy choice so I am going to go with Naquin lol
I think it would.be hard to do game threads considering the games aren't really televised. I think something like a weekly or biweekly stat breakdown wouldn't be bad. Something like guys stats from the last two weeks compared to their season stats Along the same note, potentially a "who can help the mother club the most" thread every two weeks or so. Idk what we could do on a daily basis though
Maybe I'm still in love with the Naquin because of his inside the park HR to win the game his rookie season. I'm not gonna lie i don't remember a ton about Allen other then he was up with the club last year. I regretablly turned into a scoreboard watcher who only checked the scores every 2 weeks.
No no no see I heard because he was a college kid who ran from the police while he was drunk that meant he was actually a terrible person /s
#FakeNews
No shit?
TIL our next HC is Todd Haley
Can someone explain to me why he doesn;t get meaningful action? He seems solid on D and serviceable on the offensive side. Seems like the perfect guy to thrown on Klay Thompson.
which means we need to take our QB at 1. But i think we kinda already knew that
This makes me want Baker....can you imagine Baker's competitiveness against Grossi's....grossiness in press conferences if he turns out to be a FQB
No qb on our roster can make that throw. That's the big deal
Hamilton is arguably the best route runner in the draft. I'm kinda at the point where I'd be willing to reach and grab him at the back half of round 2/top of round 3 tbh
Please Please Please Please Please Please!!!!!!!!!!!
Welcome to the Cleveland media
Can you imagine if Baker brought us to the promise land though? How much an asshole he would be to Grossi and MKC? It would be amazing!!!!!
He did literally zero analysis of the two QB's on the field.....
oh ik but I feel like Baker would call him out on it lol
YES!!!!!!!!
Good. Grossi shouldn't get away with this straight garbage "journalism"
I mean Baker asked the Bears scouts why they were even talking to him. So I think Baker is pretty good "no bull shit" choice. I'd love to have Rosen to though! Either one of those guys and i'll be happy!
would rather have him over Deshone "underthrow by 10 yards" Kizer
I don't think the stuff about Baker is a QB debate. Saying Baker is not Johnny Manziel =/= I WANT BAKER!!!!!!!!!
that's not at all what this is though
Rosen/Baker/Darnold at 1, Barkley, and Minkah? yes please
The narratives against Rosen and Baker are straight up stupid and false
Someone from ESPN wants to push whatever narrative makes him the most money :o I would have never guessed /s
Sounds like Hue!!!!!!!
Yes please!!
I'd love to make this happen
the thing that bugs me the most about all these is how much time Kizer has in the pocket. He's got a clean pocket in most of these
Can confirm...am bot...beeeeeeeep
she pretty much doubles the pick rate of every other hero. She is in every game.
I still believe he has the highest floor. Rosen to me seems like the safest route to getting a quality QB. At this point if Rosen could be on the level of Kirk Cousins or Matt Stafford I'd be able to live with Darnold turning into a top flight QB. I just don't wanna be drafting a QB again next season or in two seasons
Yes....the answer is yes
on what planet is Rishard Higgins talented? Also where is this planet located? Greg Williams can send Peppers deep space exploring on 2nd down
I never started believing in Deshone Kizer
BANISH HIM!!!
JR Smith with the behind the head granny no look pass to Golden State
JR slipped anyone saying anything else didn't watch
Clarkson listen I like you I do, but you gotta drive bb. You're not a jump shooter
I mean idk about Lou, but I agree Lue should get him out of the game
Kevin back the rookie down bro
Nance giving us them hustle plays!!!
JR IS WORSE THAN CLARKSON DONT @ME
What the fuck was that shot Hill?
JR isn't even confident in himself anymore. Lol he is actually worthless now
LeBron has 36 next highest guy is Love with 14. SOMEONE HELP HIM PLEASE
I mean you don't stop KD. You just slow him down
I'd rather have him over JR. At least JC cares
Why has Green not had JRs minutes?
Should be Korver in not JR
LeBron and KLove are the only two Cavs in double figures btw
Brons feat weren't set :(
JR SMITH IS FUCKING GARBAGE.
FUCK JR. ID RATHER HAVE CLARKSON IN OVER HIS BUM ASS.
Score, rebound, pay attention to the situation Edit: down vote me all you want there is only one other guy in double digits for us and it sure as hell isn't JR
I mean LeBron gets hit in the head at least 3 times a game and we are lucky to get one of them called so...
Sorry OP you're gonna get my rant. I love you bb/ Why is okay to shit on Clarkson but everyone comes to JR's defense? JR Smith is a 3 and D guy who only plays defense half the time and doesn't make 3s. JR has no basketball IQ and before and yell at me for saying i'm overreacting from last night, HE DID THIS SHIT TWICE FOR THE KNICKS. JR Smith will have one good game every 2weeks or so and everyone will talk about "dEr PlAyOfF pIp3." Clarkson meanwhile goes out there, plays solid defense, and forces 2 turnovers along adding in 4 points. Now yes did he miss a ton of open 3s absolutely. However so did the rest of our team, JR went 2-6 yesterday and was 4-13 in games 6 and 7 of the ECF. Why does Clarkson get the hate boner yet JR gets a pass?
Clarkson shot 3 3pointers yesterday and 2 of them were open shots.
he hasn't stepped up all playoffs....
If you're telling me Cedi is a bigger but more raw version if Clarkson then why wouldn't I just stick with Clarkson?
I was deff expecting some kind of ati-Browns comment. Am not disappointed. Good on ya Crow!
This sub would prob still be like He SuCkS pUt In CeDi
If I remember correctly there should only be like 3ish questions about RAP on the bar and I've already come to terms with getting these Qs wrong unless it tests the basic deffinition
https://www.reddit.com/r/ticats/ is that way
it is Hue's fault for giving him the ball 6 times then throwing 4 verts the rest of the game
The latest of all whistles
JR Smith 2-8 turning in another shitty game but you know, let's hate on Clarkson
JR Smith was 3-10 including 2-6 from 3 ontop of not trying on defense and making one of the biggest bonehead plays every but okay keep your hate boner
To be fair LeBron has largely gotten the team he asked for
Did you watch the Pacers series?
"My favorite part is that we are going back to Cleveland up 2-0" JR probably
JR shouldn't need the home crowd to give effort -_-
Also a fact, Lebron was open for a 3 and had an open lane to the hoop so.....
but Draymond does do this after every foul call.....
"just the bad ones" soooo every foul call then.....
I mean this might be why we didn't cover that well if we only had 3 DBs to cover say 4 receivers and an RB.
lol the Warriors fan essentially calling someone a bandwagon fan HA! Good one! You're prob a Seahawks fan and a Yankee fan I've been a Cavs fan since Rickey Davis was our only relevant player. So back up keyboard warrior, I'm sure you're parents wouldn't like you talking like that.
JR has been worse then Clarkson and he plays 20+ min
JR Smith is such a gigantic liabiy on D tonight
Why not both? At the every least you get your name out there and potentially interview experience! Apply for the clerkship, if they end up offering you the job then you to make the decision. At this point though shoot the clerkship your credentials and go through the process!
STOP THE CONSTANT SWITCHING. KD is gonna eat up JR and Hill all game. Keep Bron/Green/Hood on him all game
So what you are telling me is, TY Lue is taking out the successful lineup and putting in the non successful lineup? Got it....
Hill garbage. JR garbage
He's also averaging 20 and 10 in the series. What take do want from your number 2
JR heavily contributed to THEIR title
I should care because....?
this is no different then the Johhny bs just saying
I mean if this ends up more like GTA online and less like Rust i'll be okay with it. I just dont want to get killed by some griefer then have to start from scratch. I totally see some asshole camping quest objective and just killing anyone/everyone who comes near it.
Gonna hijack this for a second. If there is gonna be no server browser like Todd said during the showcase, then how can have settlement building? Say I log in and the game puts me on server A. Then say I build my settlement on NW corner of the world then log out. While I do this, you log in and the game puts you on server B and you also build a settlement on the NW corner. Then say a day later you and me both log in and it puts both of us on server C. What happens? If it's not tied to a particular server, then how is it going to deal with people building settlements in the same place across servers?
Put this is in another a threat but gonna place this here to. If there is gonna be no server browser like Todd said during the showcase, then how can you have settlement building? Say I log in and the game puts me on server A. Then say I build my settlement on NW corner of the world then log out. While I do this, you log in and the game puts you on server B and you also build a settlement on the NW corner. Then say a day later you and me both log in and it puts both of us on server C. What happens? If your settlement/character is not tied to a particular server, then how is it going to deal with people building settlements in the same place across servers?
my concern is more two people, who build in same place, in two different servers who then meet on the same server. I assume when I log in my base will still be there. If that is the case and you and I have a base built in the same place what happens? that is more or less what I am worried about
I hope that is the case because I like that a lot
that would be cool
I think your second solution is much better then your first. I think if your Bethesda you want the issue were you want the issue where you have so many people playing that you have a lot of people within the same vicinity of each other
Alright help me out guys, did they go into their anti griefing stuff anywhere? I saw the twitch interview but he seemed to have said a lot without actually saying anything. I keep hearing them say they have a system in place and their will be a way to get out of the fight, but then they talk about how dying to a deathclaw multiple times isn't the deathclaw griefing you. So what are they actually doing about griefing? What is stopping someone from standing right next to the end of a quest and just killing everyone who gets in their way?
"stands next to OP" Yeah you guys terrible!! You Suck! Turns to OP: please don't leave me Dad. Ik you told me you'd throw me out in the bombs if I missbehaved but I've been a good boy for most of this time. Please don't leave me!
Improvement from hardwork? No no see I was told he was the next Johnny Manziel and if he is actually showing up and working hard then he couldn't be the next Manziel considering Johnny never worked hard. Unless the anti Baker people were just salty Ohio State fans still butt hurt about him planting the flag in their stadium. Nah that couldn't possibly have been the reason why people called him the next Johnny :P
I mean....k?
8th pick, future first, JR and TT for Kawhi and Patty Mills who says no? :P
fake news he's from Cleveland now
Just click their heads LuL
I feel like this would be infuriating in the end game. Goes to take down a gigantic deathclaw with bunch of strangers... accidentally damages an ally with a terribly thrown gernade "NebsLaw is now hostile"...but but but I didn't mean to :(....I'm just bad...:(
Hijacking this I wonder if Walmart would sell me the game at midnight? Like I know they can't sell until the day if but if I'm there at midnight would they sell me the game? Not that it matters to me anyway (I'm a PC player) but I just thought of that being a potential issue.
PC
time to add another launcher to my desktop Battlenet Origin Uplay Steam Epic Launcher and now Bethesda Launcher
I honestly don't see this game as a big RP game tbh. I mean I'm sure people will want to go for the first month ish of this games release but i think it'll die out for the most part relatively quick. I see this game more analgous to something like Destiny but with PvP turned on. I mean it basically seems like they are gonna have public events, raids, etc. With that being said I hope the community that forms around FO76 ends up being relatively friendly and people don't just kos. It'd be super annoying to have fight or avoid literally every guy who come across.
Don't you mean...."takes off sunglasses"...V.A.T.S.ly overrated? :D....I'll see myself out
I mean other games like PUBG/Fortnite load the entire map at once and track movement that way and are able to keep their minimum specs down to 4-8. I realize Fallout will have better graphics but I think you're over shooting it with 32. Bethesda isn't dumb, they realize most people who play on PC don't have 32gbs of graphics. Especially with ram prices soring through the roof. I think you're overshooting it by a ton. I see it being closer to 8 the 32.
Going into the draft "well the good thing for the Browns is they have Tyrod Taylor so they don't have to start the rookie. Tyrod should start from day 1 if they are smart. Ease the rookie in. After the draft "bAkEr MaYfIeLd Is A bUsT aLrEaDy. He CaNt EvEn CoMpEtE wItH tAyLoR"
Deshone "over or under throw every receiver" Kizer Deshone "no touch" Kizer
Can the Browns win at least 7 and still fire Hue? Please?
I feel like this sub wants to have it's cake and eat it to. So many times during the playoffs while Love was averaging 20 and 10 and people kept calling him trash. Yet now that we are in the off-season and people think he is worthy of trading straight up for Kwahi/Kemba/PG. Which is it? Is he garabge or is he an all star 20 and 10 guy?
Just remember your % in the end of July is what matters
They took away shopping karts? :(
From what my Themis rep told me we should be around 55-60% right now. People lie a ton in this sub don't believe everything you read
Kemba Walker for JR Smith straight up who says no? :D PS: ik this wont happen, please don't downvote me into oblivion
bAkER iS tO iMmAtUrE. hE's JoHnNy 2.0
i'm gonna start asking people that after they start talking about politics. "Have you ever been in debate club/model UN past high school"
For my shakey subjects I try and issue spot closed book by then I look at the outline for the rules themselves
Can I get a mod ruling on this? I get the mods line of thinking regarding Johnny talk is related because he was a former player and what not. But this post is equivalent to me talking about a Packers vs Lions game and how great Aaron Rodgers played and justifying it because Kizer is a former player.
I mean I get the line of thinking. Can't ban Manziel stuff just because he is a former player who everyone hates. I mean hell a couple weeks ago we had a Crow article on the sub. However I am like you, and I feel like there is a distinct difference between something like the Manziel Dan Patrick interview and Manziel's CFL highlights
1. Yes 2. 2 3. 2 4. 9 5. no
Ik I'm in the minority here but I personally hated the weapon condition thing in FO3 and NV. I get that it fits better from a lore perspective but I would hate the get a great legendary weapon from killing some nuked deathclaw only to do the same thing again to repair the darn thing. Gets rare lengendary weapon, puts two magazines through it. Weapon is now degraded and no longer usable
Better than "Over or under throw like a boss" Kizer
Their is a PC community for gears?
Well that's unnecessarily rude
BURN THE SYNTH!!!!
Broncos D vs Bengals Or Do I pick up Tennessee D vs the Jets?
Ironically I'm in the same situation and I'm leaning towards Olson. I'm also a Browns fan and just assume whoever I pick is gonna do terribly for me so....
Coley is so bad.
Excuse me CBS that was sack 11 not sack 6 for Myles
I think the Browns app has the radio stream
God damn it defense
Hopkins just made a play. FUCK
Hopkins made a play on that one can't completely blame Carrie
Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
We're gonna get blown out aren't we?
TIL horsecaller penalties aren't penalties
Baker playing like shit
Horse shit that's incomplete
God damn it
They're gonna score aren't they?
All I'm saying is Bakers worst game is still better then Kizers best game...
We're not dead yet
How long until we take Carrie off of Hopkins?
GrEg RoBiNsOn Is ThE aNsWeR aT lEfT tAcKlE
Calloway you fucking peice of shit
Bruce Ariens giving Baker, Duke Johnson, and Landry some love :)....browns HC confirmed
Winning record in the NFL Cards went to dogshit after he left Would probably keep Freddie Kitchens as OC Resurrected Carson Palmers career at the end. Good offensive mind who wants to be here
Have you been in a game thread? Lots of casuals
"I'm gonna ask a basic question to try and sound like an ESPN analyst"
Dx
I thought luck of the draw was bugged and didn't work?
I saw a video that said it still pops up but doesn't actually repair the weapon. Im on PC though IDK if it's just a PC thing or not. I'll have to actually test it
I mean totally. It happened with Josh Allen to and that's why we made him the first pick of the draft....wait.....
Wait guys can we still make the playoffs? It's only been posted like 10 times today but I'm still not sure?
Yeah that way I could spam in game that the guy watchin TV while listening to music both in and out of game that he is being obnoxious af. Side note: Why people? If you can't hear me try and talk to you in game then mute your fing mic
Nah i'll pass. i'd rather take someone who has had success at this level. Bruce Ariens please!
i mean in this context Meyer has the same concern no? Plus he's been in the NFL, plus the whole Zack Smith thing turns me off with Meyer as well
We ShOuLd DrAfT aNd HiRe AlL oHiO sTaTe PlAyErS aNd CoAcHeS
Wasn't Ogunjobi that guy last year?
Dorsey please!
No harm in hope, just sick of seeing 8 posts a day on "WE CAN MAKE THE PLAYOFFS" Also knowing how reactionary this sub is, when we dont make the playoffs half this sub will be calling to draft a QB at 1 and cut Baker soooooooo yeah.....
These all seem like negatives... "Hey this is a major faction that plays a major roll in the game. Wanna just by pass them kill all of them? :D" Edit: HEY THIS GUY SAID SOMETHING BAD ABOUT A GAME THAT EVERYONE ELSE LIKES!!! LETS GET HIM!!!!!
Physical copies of games in 2018 LuL.
Tree and branching options are great The actual dialogue itself is average at best imo
Go Tribe?
Fox: hires different people who have different opinions and then publishes both opinions. R/Browns: Pikachu face
I need DJ Moore to score lots of points in fantasy this weekend. Panthers fans pass it on? K thanks! :P
It is McCarthy's fault they played Randell at CB despite the fact he's a clear FS :P
Kizer who started the whole season didn't get a fair shake? Bruh
Gotham: produces abshow about the origins of the Batman universe and tailors it show to to Batman fan Critics: Pikachu face
100% disagree on Coley
Bruce please!
Teams don't usually compete with rookies do they? Sorry don't really follow the NBA to much
I don't understand people who thought he was Manziel 2.0...the slightest bit of research and thought should have shown you otherwise
Watson vs Colts Matt Ryan vs GB
Cam. No Denzel Ward for my Browns so our secondary is gonna get tourched :(... Plus Cam's legs would make me think he has a higher ceiling.
Rodgers (falcons have no deffense) Start your studs. Brees
Wilson. I don't trust Winston not to go out and lay an egg
Ben
Rivers is gonna light up the Bengals today
Baker Baker TD maker!! I'm a biased Browns fan but after Baker came out in the second half last week I'm stoked
Done!
1pt ppr Ridley vs GB Wilson JR vs Den Reynolds vs Chi
BAKER MAYFIELD "clap clap...clapclapclap"
well shit......
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
FREDDIE KITCHENS IS BAE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Remember when everyone here thought we should let Collins go because of lack of effort?
Took the Ohio Bar in July. Failed by less then 2pts so I'll be studying that stuff here again soon. Good luck man!
Can we play anyone else other then Coley? Not sure why so many people in this sub love him
Disagree. He did it for like a game and people now associate it as the norm
Perrimen is only 25 and could still turn into a too WR talent fyi
You can't? We typically have 30 QBs a year
Got it for $35 on black Friday :P
Yes! Lol
That's not even remotely true. He was traded from New England because he wanted Von Miller money
We don't want Hue fired. We want Hue as their HC!
Have you been on this sub? Kitchens is like half the reason people want Areins as the next HC
Okay so on Ariens, the article says Bruce wouldn't be a good fit because Ariens likes to use the short to intermediate passing game but then goes onto say Baker excels in the short to intermediate game and we should build around the QB not the coach. Uhhh in this scenario wouldnt the two be one in the same? If Baker would and has been exceling in the type of Offense Ariens wants to run why would you not bring him in? I get maybe you're afraid of abandoning the run but I think we have seen Kitchens is willing to do just about anything that seems to be working. So IDK if that's a real concern. The only real concern i see with Ariens is the health stuff, however if we could get Ariens for 3 years and have him groom his successor (whether that's Kitchens or someone else) I'm not as concerned.
PePpErS iS a BuSt CoLlInS dOeSnT gIvE eNoUgH eFfOrT
Search bar is your friend This was posted a couple posts down the sub :) https://www.cbssports.com/nfl/news/browns-have-a-not-so-crazy-path-to-an-afc-north-title-heres-what-needs-to-happen/
Baker Myles Schobert Bitonio Randell HM: Zietler, Tretter, Chubb, Landry
Disagree I heard the people who sub to r/Browns just shit post the whole day. They are pretty awful ;) JK love you all
Tbh I almost don't want the band wagoners here. Like I suffered through Brady Quinn, Brandon weeden at QB, I remember drafting Trent Richardson and thinking we had a franchise back. I remember thinking Derick Anderson was gonna lead us to the promise land. Now we are gonna get these fair weather fans jumping on? Nah it ain't right
Freddie Kitchens for HC it is then! :D
I would think Gregg would keep Freddie considering he's a good chunk of why we are winning
Then you promote someone in house who can run Freddie's system in a similar way. The options are either grab an older guy who isn't a HC for a reason or grab a younger guy who will get creative and innovative with the play calling
Don't get hype behind Toub at all personally
Has a Special Teams coordinator ever been hired as a HC without coordinating one side of the ball first?
hmm i didn't know he never coached their defense. Thank for the info!
This is more then competent coaching. This IS what good coaching looks like. Utilizing your QB's skills, using your teams strengths, creative play calling. Ik this is a hot take but, it would be a huge mistake to let Kitchens go. He's gonna be the next McVay/Nagy
We can't go buy the latest free agents and cant just endlessly throw money at our guys so we gotta get value for them
Kizer went in for Rodgers after Rodgers went down earlier in the season (for like a series or two) and Kizer staired down his receivers, through a pick 6 and generally couldn't put the ball anywhere near his receivers
Okay is it RES that tells you this was already posted or is it Reddit itself? Because if Reddit straight tells you this was already posted why the hell would post it again? For some sweet fake internet points?
Reposts Reposts Everywhere! https://imgflip.com/i/2oslnt https://www.reddit.com/r/Browns/comments/a5ceb9/johnny_kinsley_on_twitter_qb_hits_allowed_since/
I like Terry's take. I'm not 100% sold on Gregg ( i am 100% sold on Kitchens) but if we keep winning and win out he's hard to ignore
Freddie Kitchens for HC!!!
I have been joking about it on this sub, but I wouldn't do it becasue I am afraid of overwhelming him like we saw with Shurmer here. Kitchens has never been an OC calling plays until this year. I don't want to put to much on his plate and overwhelm him. My perfect scenario would be to bring Bruce Ariens in for a year or two then have Bruce "groom" Kitchens to be the next HC assuming he still ends up being a quality coordinator.
Ariens wants the job Kitchens is basically already running the Ariens offense Ariens says him and Gregg are great friends and have been for awhile Gregg has said he would be willing to take a step back and coach the defense again. DORSEY PLEASE. This could not be more perfect
well no not exactly. But Ariens influence is clearly present. Hell even Baker said in a presser that they were running some of the same stuff Freddie ran in Arizona.
he didn't call plays but he was still on the offensive staff. Do you necessarily have to be the playcaller in order to run some of the same stuff?
let me rephrase Kitchens has taken some of the concepts of the Cards offense when he was their under Bruce Ariens and has ran them in our offense. Better?
Browns: draft Peppers who excells at playing close to the ball. Peppers: struggles his rookie year while playing punt return coverage Browns and fans: Pikachu face Also Browns: Allows Peppers to play closer to the ball Peppers: plays well and improves every game Browns and fans: Pikachu face
im well aware he was played out of position but my issue is the fact we did the same thing as the Packers and drafted a guy to play out of position. If we needed the angel free safety then we needed to draft a FS (no Peppers doesn't count) or sign a FS
So if you don't get your first choice you just stop trying?
r/Iamverysmart
I'm curious as to how much "lol browns" goes into predictions like this
Going to a Christmas party at a friend's place today. Only Browns fans are my buddy's roommate and I. So I'll be spending the majority of the party watch the game!
You're missing out on some great games
Overwatch is a great game. WoW has been the best mmo on the market since it released
Both of those are subjective and not objective. Objectively WoW probably has the most staying power of any game ever. Further Overwatch is still going strong and has a very active playerbase. Just because YOU dont like something doesn't mean others may not enjoy it.
But we're cool with Sean Payton right? Your kidding yourself if you dont think Payton knew that crap was happening
Sean Payton is your head coach. you are kidding yourself if you think Payton didn't know about the whole thing
Ik Baker didn't have his beat game on Saturday but you've watched Baker since Hue was fired and you're complaining about the play calling? Bruh
PePeRs Is A bUsT
Being a top10 Safety isn't living up to his draft position? Bro take off your scarlet can grey glasses and be happy we go this guy on our squad
so then what your saying is you are not happy with a guy who a reputable sports site considers to be the 9th best SS in the league?
well shit i'm even underselling him lol
Bruce Ariens confirmed?
Sisterwife*
Ive had the game since roughly a month after launch. I took a 2-3 season break from the game and now it's back in my rotation of games I play. I think the game is fun. Their are some issues surrounding the game but meh I have fun so I keep playing
PePeRs IsNt PlAyInG uP tO dRaFt PoSiTiOn
"No trash talk or flamebaiting" has our logo upside-down.... okay mods okay
Alright Buckeye fans do y'all still hate Jabrill cause of your silly rivalry?
I will still make the argument Freddie Kitchens is more then competent coaching. Gregg i don't really care either way on
You didn't really support him if he played every game drunk or high af
in only his second year to o.O
Everyone else has already solved your issue just wanted to say Ive had two pairs of thsoe headphones. One worked for 3 years the other worked for 3months. Good luck!
If you don't need a laptop for anything other then note taking buy a $250-$300 Chromebook and spend the rest on a pc
I'm with my fiance who lives in Cleveland for the week (I'm I'm cbus) and I'm taking over her TV for the game today lol
We already have our young offensive minded guru. Kitchens for HC!!
8point game. Can we go out some fucking points up please? K thanks
I had no idea Chrennel was a HC again after us
I'm gonna keep saying it FREDDIE IS MORE THEN COMPETENT COACHING. #KitchensForHC
So your vision is the coaching staff didn't change in the slightest? Also would rather have Kitchens as HC over Gregg Edit: Blake is already calling okays for our defense has been for the last few weeks
Wasn't hard to do better then Kizer who was historically bad
RAY LEWIS IS A MURDER RAY LEWIS IS A MURDER RAY LEWIS IS A MURDER RAY LEWIS IS A MURDER RAY LEWIS IS A MURDER RAY LEWIS IS A MURDER RAY LEWIS IS A MURDER RAY LEWIS IS A MURDER RAY LEWIS IS A MURDER RAY LEWIS IS A MURDER RAY LEWIS IS A MURDER RAY LEWIS IS A MURDER RAY LEWIS IS A MURDER RAY LEWIS IS A MURDER RAY LEWIS IS A MURDER. Also Ravens fans talk about how the Browns haven't beaten a good team all year yet they forget THEY LOST to HUE "1-31" JACKSON
NOT IF WE HIRE HIM FIRST!!!!
Kinda like how you guys kept saying Flacco is elite?
Show me plays since Schobert has come back where Collins has had effort issues
How do reposts happen? If I go and try and upload something that has already been uploaded either reddit or RES (i'm not sure which one someone help me out?) tells me the link had already been posted.
Reddit or RES?
and they aren't on in Columbus -_- Edit: they changed it back!!!!!
:( http://506sports.com/nfl.php?yr=2018&amp;wk=17
agreed
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOO
I mean Higgins isn't the same type of receiver as Calloway and Perrimen. Higgins is seemingly becoming more of a possession receiver. Calloway vs Perrimen is an interesting debate though
Lololol you Buckeye fans are hilarious. Barely beat Maryland, losing to Purdue, barely beating Nebraska but yet y'all think you would have done better in the playoff
I was at the kick six game Dx
F R E D D I E K I T C H E N S
Why would you sign him to a big deal only to trade him?
For all of you who think Kizer "wasn't given a fair shot" here he is currently in against the Lions has almost thrown two ints, has shown no awareness in the pocket, can't throw a touch pass to save his life, and has generally been inaccurate But you know....15 games wasn't a fair shot....
Just remember your QB is a rapist ;)
Stop it. Just like when he was here Kizer is overthrowing every ball and is sitting in the pocket for 5+ secs a play. Stop
Freedie getting to predictable
Fuck
hey Greg and Blake idk if you know this but BALTIMORE IS GONNA RUN THE FUCKING BALL
And he didn't even play the first two and a half games
BAKER BAKER TD MAKER!!!!!!!!!!
can they really be overrated if they weren't really rated?
Zeke's season*
god our media is so bad. I swear they have asked the same 5 questions over and over again.
Would I yes is he number 1 on my personal list that means nothing for organization? No, hes not number 1
Hue would still be here not that mad
this sub completely undervalues everything Landry brings to the table
I mean Joe can stay.....
It's been like that since Foresaken launch
YES...the least Browns thing anyone could do is abandon their team through struggles. Don't jump ship just because you found a better team
i'm 26 and I have seen two winning seasons with one playoff appearance. I stayed with it this entire time why should others in my age group get to reap the benefit? Nah that doesn't sit well with me
Yes
New Reddit profile, has three posts all self promoting....bruh...
As an avid Overwatch player I'm laughing my ass off that you think this game is "to teamwork oriented"
Hammond? Winston kind of...
Sounds like collusion to me!
I thought Carolina was out :P
What is the response to Dawg Check? Like do I bark? Woof? Cheer?
Can't determine if I like Luplow or not. If he could hit like .250 with 20-25 HRs and 80+ RBI I'd take it easily.
I wouldn't be nearly as concerned if this were flipped. It's worrying to me he doesn't hit righties well considering most pitching we are going to face will be leftys
I'm still not sold. Bungie does a really nice job at glammering up everything and making everything look epic. I just want to see what the content looks like? I have always kinda felt Bungie has a lot of missed opportunities. Between all the forges being basically the same, to going backwards on certain game play elements, to generally recycling content. I'm not going to completely buy into Bungie till I see the content. The game is good now but all I can think about is how much better it could be
It's literally the most popular game in the world. I don't think you're the only one who likes it
I feel like Detroit drivers are just assholes. I dont necessarily think they are bar drivers, but they are definitely asshole drivers.
I work downtown. Didn't feel anything but my office is on the 3rd floor though.
I went to an unranked law school, finished in the bottom half of the class, failed the bar the first time, and now I'm working with my local county in a job that love in an area of law I love. Keep your chin up, if you wanna be a lawyer you will be
Didn't Schobert lead the league in missed tackles last year?
I was actually wondering this as well.
Who exactly is our "young core"? Sexton I got but who else?
It was a genuine question? I didn't really follow the Cavs that closely this year so I was curious. No need to be hostile
I'm not gonna lie I have always found it easier to just kill everything till the door opens
I think you could trade Bauer and still go for it next season. With that being said, I would want Major league ready prospects to play this year and be on the roster next year. I want guys who can come in hit .260+ and go from their
Okay help me out r/Browns. I moved here like a month ago from CBus. What are some "must do/must see" Cleveland things? My fiance has been here for 6 months and has barely left her house. We have been to West Side Market, saw a Christmas Carol down at the palace theater, she has been to the flats (I think the bar was called punchbowl) and I have been to tribe and browns games. What am I missing?
To be fair I feel like everything is weak in UVHM
Maya
Krieg is really fun to play when shit isn't flying
It's almost like Mike Silver has a bias against Baker and the Browns or something....oh wait that's excatly it
We didn't draft Crow though... Come on bruh at least get your shit posting right
Physical copies? Gross
RIP Scooter 😢
Borderlands 2 then do TPS
Yeah this whole twins being good thing is kinda screwing us
Krieg melee build. You're telling me I can basically infinitely be a badass psyco, get my health back on kill, with huge buffs to my melee ability? Sign me up!
So ill be the first to admit I haven't looked that closely at most of these guys but I really like the idea of Hunter. Best case scenario we get a great 3 and D guy who gaurd 1-4. I was begging for that kind of player when LeBron was here
I firmly believe Goff is a system QB...but it's a very good system
I hope the drop rates in BL3 are better. It's good to know this kind of thing can happen but I feel like way to many times I open a hidden chest only to get whites and greens -_-
F
Reasonably sized F
[https://imgflip.com/i/33y7ac](https://imgflip.com/i/33y7ac)
Am I crazy for wanting to see Luplow over Bauers?
Doesn't that usually mess up a guys swing?
But how else with Bungie pad the amount of options there are?
I mean if he needs a hater to perform then... JASON KIPNIS IS SO BAD AT BASEBALL I BET HE COULDNT EVEN KICK A TOUCHDOWN!!!! HES SO BAD THAT I BET HIS FIELD GOAL PERCENTAGE IS LIKE 4 OR SOMETHING There does that work?
Doesn't every rookie come into the league as a turnstile though?
Yes
Says the network that employs a bunch of negative Nancy's to cover the Browns
Good but can we throw in a little "if you don't wear Orange and Brown you don't matter"?
This is the best kind of pandering
Dawg check?
So here is my problem, as much as I hate the Steelers I would argue they are a too 10 team due to coaching and ownership (plus their team ain't half bad honestly). However I would argue if we are purely looking at rosters we have a better team. I think our defense will be better, we have better skills position guys. They may have use beat at QB (for this season idk we shall see) and OLine but other then that we are better at every other position on the roster
It appears his ankle injury isn't a concern anymore
Hense my second paragraph though. Other then QB (this year) and OLine I think we are better everywhere else
Can we not overreact because we got our butts kicked in back to back games?
McVay was a coordinator for double the length of time Stefanski has been
I thought it was 3 seasons
Graduated from an unranked law school with a 2.3 GPA, passed the bar on my second try now I make roughly as much as my buddy who graduated top 10. He works in a private firm I work for my local prosecutors office. Idk what success looks like to you. But if my dumbass can make it through the bar, pass and get a job so can you
I on McDanieles but only because it feels like Haslam has wanted McDaniels for years now. He was seemingly always linked to us and I feel like he is the guy who could still have a job here in 2 years.
I mean if Haslam wants him that, in theory, should mean that is the best chance we have for stability. Considering McDaniels is seemingly Haslam's white whale hopefully that would mean he will actually get more then 5min to coach
I thought we were done with arranged marriages
I still think Pettine didn't get a fair shake. Dude had Manziel forced on him and flopped because of it
Please for the love of god no
Remember when we interviewed Roman? Apparently Mortensen doesn't lol
If Lamar played for a team outside the AFC North he would be one of my favorite guys to watch
Didn't Sashi Brown lead this draft? Not saying Berry and Depodesta weren't there but I feel like saying they "lead the draft" is dishonest
Remember last year when this guy was going to be a head Coach?
For me it's one of two places. Either on my couch with Hulu on while I surf reddit or it's on my computer playing games with my friends.
The Sabatour. Was basically GTA in WW2 Europe
I jjst wish they would get a non boring logo. Give me something other then the script I or wahoo. Give me something like the block C with a headress and I'm fine.
Idk why you're crying. They never played the rest of that game after the rain delay. Kinda pissed because that HR Davis hit gave us a ton of momentum. Hope they bring us back from the rain delay to finish the game out soon....
He'll get in eventually. I think he should have gone in already but so long as he eventually gets in it won't matter in the long run.
30 rock is such an underrated show
Can you really ruin something that has already been ruined?
OU OH YEAH!!!!
Is he being positive or is he just reporting the news for once?
As a newish player (got the game around Christmas) I thought the game only had like 6 maps being as I don't really venture to far out of casual
Examples? I see this all the time but nobody can ever give me an example
That game just came out a couple years ago. It's still a stunning and beautiful game now. It doesn't need a remake
Fake News
I know none of you particularly care but i gotta get this out because it's been driving me nuts So I'm getting married July 18. We are thankfully going to be able to have the wedding with relatively few restrictions. We weren't able to really plan anything in April and May because of virus stuff and the uncertainty. Now that we know its happening we are trying to plan everything what seems like last minute which has been stressful. Ontop of that with the ever changing schedules that I have at work with typical work stress and I am one stressed boi
Thanks man. It's definitely been a wild few months haha
I love Mack as a hype man but the dude played super poorly at times last year. Would love to see this dude improve and become a staple in the defense
I feel like all my subreddits are dead now a days. I've never gone on Askreddit so much in my life
I wish it were this simple! Lol
Thank you. We've got about 2 more weeks of logistical hell until we have pretty much everything set into place and ready go. After that it's just triple checking everything. I can't wait for the day itself. Ik she's going to look amazing and it's been a long time coming for us
I work in child welfare as well and feel this on a personal level. My personal favorite defense I've heard was "my client only uses cocaine when the kids aren't around"....yeah ok your client is the one responsible cocaine user
Imo if the biggest issue we have is the gun audio isn't what we remember then I think they have done a wonderful job
I mean if we are talking about the OLine Conklin, Tretter, and Bitonio are all top 5 at their position. Willis is a rookie so we shall see then our RG is...? 3 outta 5 helps the line tremodously and with the potential of having a 4th solidified spot Baker's got no excuses this season
I mean but thats not true. Conklin, Tretter, and Bitonio have proven to be top 5 at their position. A lot of OLine stuff I see shows 3/5 gives you a solid OLine. Wills literally couldn't have proven anything because he's a rookie. The only OLine spot you legitimately argue is bad is the RG spot. Edit: heck go back to Baker's rookie season when we had Bitonio, Tretter, and Zeitler. The line protected him very well with two turnstiles as tackles. Here we are again with three proven vets and a first round pick on the line.
I mean...you could always just play on the European servers....
By what measure? Statistically he was one of the worst QBs in the league. Good for the shit show he was in? Fine I can see that arguement but in all other accounts Baker was certainly not "good" last year
I mean..... barely right? Hes only been a play caller for a year and a half whereas freddie had half a year of playcalling experience. Otherwise they both kinda stuck around organizations through countless regimes and bounced around as positional coaches
Sure but that wasn't what i was responding to. The comment i responded to was talking about track record. Stefanski doesn't have much more of a track record then Freddie did
Because the average American is incredibly dumb and easily affected by frindge media who have continued to call it a hoax the entire time
Listen im in ohio and believe me, the average american is dumb as hell lol
But why though? They brought in Case Keenum who has previously had successful in Stefanski's system. Bringing Cam in wouldn't make sense for us honestly
