I feel like yes, but I also feel like mediocre means "average, maybe a little worse" and ok means "average, maybe a little better". Idk though. Just grasping at straws here.
The orbs move in a pretty distinct pattern. People just need to REALLY pay attention and watch their feet. I think people tend to panic and think they're gonna get frozen right away from not being with the group, and they hit an orb. People need to just watch their feet and stick together. Have someone be marked and have everyone on that side follow that person.
What is with the weird looking gold on this post???
Looks like there are actually 5 ways to open a can of soda...
They should honestly probably just do it. What are NHLers gonna do? Stop playing hockey?
This is objectively the best team in Blues history.
I hope that if he plays he does not get hit at all nor does he get hit up high with anything. I worry his skull may explode!! What a BEAST!!!!
Yes. It could be handled similarly to how helmets became mandatory. New players require a full cage and older players can be grandfathered in. I realize it would take an agreement between the NHL and the NHLPA. My comment was made in somewhat jest.
Pizza Head for sure
Fuuuuuck lol
Friggin Barbashev get outta here with that!!!!
Wow what a save
What a fookin save
#CHARAWATCH
Back to #charawatch
Weak call??? yeah prob.
C'mon now Ivan....
Sick pass from Sanford!!!
Sick pass from Sanford!!
It's the handpass all over again.
It's the handpass all over again. Edit: I mean it in the sense I sympathize with Bruins fans at such an occurrence in the game.
Sucks to ruin a great game with an occurrence like this.
Back to 1-0.
More like back to 1-0. Let's get this game back on track.
Back to 1-0.
Refs ruined a good hockey game. But I think the argument could be made that the game basically ended 1-0. The game was too close to say otherwise.
I just checked and you’re wrong—just like 1.5 people
You mean blues weren’t gifted the 2nd goal? Or am I missing something?
That's what I am doing right now!
And I guess that’s why series are 7 games, eh? SCF isn’t over yet. Boston can still win.
They also had 50 other minutes and 37 other shots to potentially score. I don’t like the call but I don’t think your take makes much sense.
I see. That makes sense and I agree with you.
I just don’t understand how “Berube played the refs”. Shouldn’t the refs be able to do their jobs no matter who says what???
When did they do this and how much? Haven’t played in a while.
Because it *was* a clean hit. He hit him in he shoulder.
Guess OP has never seen a naked statue before. Kids in Europe see naked people on TV and commercials all the time. It’s just a nipple. If it were a man licking his nipple, would it be any different? And if so, why?
Bouwmeester
I pity you.
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOO
Downvoting bc nothing has happened yet...
I hope you don’t believe this.
Can’t do that
I’d love to see some of the things you’ve read.
We’re like 0/15 bc Boston scored a SHG. Our pp sucks
I need a cup for my drink, please.
Thank you Pietro
Charlie.... that really hurts :(
DECLINE THE PP PLEASE
Blues trying to be too pretty. They want that photo finish goal. They all want to be the hero. JUST WIN IT!!!!
This will be ok because it’s a paid ad.
I think They are turning down crowd volume so you can more easily hear the announcers. You could hear it in the 2nd at points.
:(
GOAL!!!!!!
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Lol.
Toronto looks at everything
Dunn has had a shitty game....
Cya Wednesday
Dunn had his worst game of his career tonight.
Get out of here with that shit
Wtf is Sanford doing??
Moron 41
Fuck everyone who was acting like we had it in the bag
Imagine if our PP was 20% this series.
How about scientific article from a reputable journal instead of a YouTube video?
Imagine where this series would be if the Blues had a decent power play... Winner take all on Wednesday. I’m not gonna make it.
Just like it wasn’t over *before* game 6 like a lot of fans thought it was... it isn’t over *after*. The perfect script has been written. The St. Louis boy Pat Maroon scores the Game 7 winner for his home town team. After being dead last in the league. And after having a chance to close it out at home. There’s still a chance...
Where does the 9.1 million go??? Surely into someone’s pocket, no?
Toronto looks at everything and if it’s close enough the buzzer will sound like last night.
I know, right? We had one PP where bozak was top of the circle with nobody by him and he passed it across ice to Tarasenko who then passed it. Need to create 2nd and 3rd opportunities. We were trying to be too pretty last night
I saw that a lot of people were talking about that. But apparently Boston’s ice has been bad this series, too. I think our guys were just feeling the pressure.
Dunn played so poorly last night. Hope he brings it on Wednesday.
Yep. That McAvoy clear from behind Fleury’s back was the final dagger that killed the Blues’ chances.
He doesn’t cite anything. He just says “hundreds of articles”. The only articles on his website are ones that he is an author on. I’m sorry that you believe this guy.
Chaosbolt. If you kick fear, I can still bolt you. If you kick bolt, I can’t do anything.
Yea but you’re not gonna die from one bolt. If you’re feared, your healer isn’t.
I remember seeing that the bruins blocked more than us. The numbers 9-16 for blocked shots seem familiar. But yea, we were just nervous with the puck. Trying to be too pretty.
Lol, you know what I mean. RASK.
The arch is actually a projector and they are just gonna project the game onto the field.
Super fair assessment. I agree completely. That said, we have really come back after losses in this series... so I have faith. Should be a great game 7--I just hope it doesn't get ruined by something stupid like a bad call or a dumb hit.
Did a yolo RBG and took bane of havoc and got this clip. We lost the game though.
😂😂😂
Sleepyti.me Use it when I stay up too late and need to be up.
What kind of beer and what kind of wings?
Yea. I feel like JR should know better than to say something like this..
Gee I wonder if OP works for barstool.... post history confirms lol
Do you think women get abortions for fun?
Sacré bleu!
How about... tabarnak!!
It looks worse than it actually is because of how much space Battleground enemies takes up. What truly matters is how badly those poor folk were murdered.
I'm going for [this](https://imgur.com/IJSyNUf)
I respectfully disagree.
&gt;Also, most of the people i know from the industry, or people I knew before they went into the industry, are not the kind of people I want to spend time around. I feel like some may say the same about you. Neither industry nor academia is “better”. You obviously don’t want to work in industry but plenty of people do. I, for one, welcome the notion of you removing yourself from the applicant pool.
Probably rask regardless. Unless a Blue has a monster game.
I don’t play RS anymore but this sub is insufferable, even if it is a joke. It’s like nobody remembers when they were a noob. And I’d rather be a noob than someone who rees when they see someone in an obby cape.
😹
What’s your final in?
They have a commercial in Kansas: “Jeremy. Jeremy Franklin. Jeremy Franklin MITSUBISHI. One DIME DOWN! It’s a crime, to pay more than a DIME” makes me want to end it all
Sounds horrible. Definitely watch the game.
Maybe Dahmer was onto something..
It used to be (Even in 8.0) easy to gear from solely PvP... but it all changed when the fire nation attacked
The time has come for the ending to the perfect script: Last in the league, make the playoffs, make the SCF for the first time in 47 years against one of the same teams that beat us in the past. Win the first SCF game in franchise history. The Blues have never seen this before. They have all the pieces: a new coach who lit a fire under the team’s ass, a rookie goalie with a calm, cool attitude, and a St. Louis boy on the squad who has everything to prove for his city. Pat Maroon will score the game winner tonight, and he will be forever immortalized as the new imo’s mascot.
I just hope tonight is a good game. If we win, I hope we either win in blowout fashion or in a close, fair (no aberrant calls/hits) game. If we lose, I hope we put up a good fight. I think I'll feel sick if we get blown out 7-2 again. (And yes, I know I said I want to blowout the Bruins, and let's face it... we all would--for the sakes of our hearts, buttholes, and livers).
I was wondering the same thing. But I think it's [this](https://www.wowhead.com/bluetracker?topic=197119&amp;region=us). It doesn't specifically say, "Patch in 2 weeks", but I believe people are saying that Blizzard typically makes these announcements when the patch is 2 weeks from being deployed.
LET'S FUCKING GOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I agree. First to score wins. Let's get a first period, first minute goal again ;-)
Gotta get those quick changes while we're cycling it along the boards behind the goal and get a quick pass to the slot for a snapper!
Bouwmeester GWG tonight.
LET'S GO BLUUUESS!!!!!!!
Bruins fans chanting "Binnington?"
The ice is a seesaw it seems. Blues started off on fire, now it's Boston's turn. Let's get it goin, Blues!!!
The ice is a seesaw it seems. Blues started off on fire, now it's Boston's turn. Let's get it goin, Blues!!!
C'mon Blues! Kill this and get some momentum!!
HOLY FUUUCK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
LET'S FUCKING GO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Blues really need to pull it together...
Blues need to pull it together. Holy shit!!
LET'S GO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
LET'S GO!!!!!!!!
COME ON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
AFTER 50 YEARS!!!!!!!!!!!!!
😹😹😹
I feel completely whole.
That's a bit hyperbolic 😹
I'm emotional as well.
I think they fly into Parks. Could be wrong tho
I feel absolutely whole.
18m for 8+ guys isn’t a whole lot...
Blues winning post is 39646. Interesting how it compares to the Lightning elimination.
Why did they give Jon the coat? I'm confused. Some other guy named John bought the coat at an auction?
That’s what I’m sayin! They are comparable threads.
Jaina can be killed without essences, so don’t overthink it. You get one essence from doing the intro quest and your others are unlocked from doing different activities. People will be very overwhelmed with the patch and it will be hard to farm essences I think just due to time alone. If everyone gets their first essence, that’s free damage/healing every 30 seconds so it will definitely help. Anything else is just thinking too much.
I never said “everything will be fine” once you get the essences. Still going to have to do the mechanics, but I feel like I don’t have to spell that out because I feel like saying that could almost be patronizing. Everyone who has killed Jaina so far has killed Jaina without essences, so therefore OP should worry more about the mechanics of the fight itself rather than the essences. OP asked more about essences than the fight itself, and my answer was catered more towards that, rather than the fight itself. I don’t believe I said anything wrong, so I fail to see what you’re getting at. Yes more damage will change the timers a bit in p1, but I have no idea what OP’s raid is like and didn’t have the time to ask or help more than I did.
Remindme! 11 hours
Looks good. How do you make it?
Fun tip: if you ever need to move clothes, perhaps normally you’d just put them on hangers and then put a trash bag over them. Those blue ikea bags can be used for the same purpose, but better. Just leave your clothes on hangers and put your clothes in the bag. I moved my entire closet twice using this and it was so easy. (If it’s the right type of those blue bags...)
Bet the plane ride to Vegas included a fat nap.
Abortion, gay marriage, marijuana legalization.
#NothingEverHappens
Couldn’t watch it when I posted this comment.
Remindme! 12 hours
I’d say I’m fiscally conservative and socially moderate. I think social things should be handled at the state level first, which I believe is what Trump has stated regarding these three topics.
What point are you trying to make?
I personally support those things and wish other Republicans would, too.
No, I voted for Trump but have also voted for local Democrats and Republicans depending on their views. I don’t always vote straight ticket.
Kind of a loaded question, but I would not vote for someone whose policies included restricting rights of citizens of the US. What more are you looking for from this conversation?
I don't believe I have and I do not believe I ever will.
I think it looks pretty good!
It looks good for the price it likely cost. ($50-100).
That is all that matters.
I never said the issues don’t matter. I just think it’s a waste of effort to attempt to understand why people vote the way they do, which is what I thought you were asking.
Reminds me of this [NSFW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!](http://i.imgur.com/eiv2XKI.jpg)
Because the left can’t be bad at all!!
This is a meme from after the handpass game.
I normally think he is unfunny but he did a good job.
This post makes me feel all tingly.
They did this back in WoTLK. (Whenever they introduced option to turn off XP). Haven’t touched my twink since then.
What do you mean returning to God? Is this a good thing?
Is that an Andy Griffith show reference? And I would disagree about it being an inherently good thing.
Can't believe there aren't any comments. Nice meme.
She kind of looks like AOC
Kind of get what you're saying, but kind of don't. Feels like you're a little vague. What do you mean "reflected the people instead of what they're doing now?" What is it they're doing now? Sorry for asking a lot of questions, just don't understand what you're getting at.
Being intrigued by sex and violence doesn’t make someone any more or less “moral” than someone else. People were intrigued by violence in Ancient Rome, and the oldest profession in the world is prostitution.
So much warren astroturfing.
So many warren ads!! This is ridiculous.
Doesn’t seem like a huge deal, no? He was still projected round 1 and I feel like outside of Kakko and Hughes it was kind of a wash.
“A new perspective will come in the new year... in mice”
The third Warren post I’ve seen on my /r/all about Private Prisons?? Holy fuck, enough with the astroturfed posts!!!!
It’s the third post of the same exact thing that I’ve seen within 3 hours
Froot Loops aren’t bad in water. Apple Jacks too
How many tickets
I just don’t get the PK hype.
He’s definitely a good player, but overhyped. Also plays like a whiny baby sometimes.
Yea.. everything in TBC was badass. For all classes.
It is my opinion that he is overhyped.
Haha maybe not that one, but everything else. 😏
All the lock sets were sick. Hunters were some of my favorite, too.
You forgot to link something.
Did he try the electric avenue?
I feel neutral about this.
In some cancers, tumor cells will undergo Epithelial to Mesenchymal transition (EMT), in which basically cells’ gene expression changes and they now become more mobile throughout the bloodstream (no longer possess surface proteins that allow cell to adhere to something). These cells flow throughout the bloodstream and sometimes find a new place in the body to call home and grow.
Why?
"Division Rivalries" and no mention of Chicago. Also no games against Chicago until December. So weird.
He's a loon!
Don’t have immediate access to NMR.
We use the trypsin (0.25% in 1X TG buffer) to release captured cancer cells (captured on microfluidic device using antibodies) from clinical blood samples. And yes, lyophilized trypsin—powder form.
Deserves a 10x10 for that
I remember paying $20/g in high school.
Recency bias, but [This](https://youtu.be/aFwEOkFThMs?t=180) goal from Bortuzzo against the Sharks.
I spoke to a Chinese colleague of mine the other day and she basically said that their government was not in the wrong for Tianamen square. That there were students protesting, but also people protesting with the students who wanted to cause trouble. And it was those people who made it look so bad. Was interesting.
We were talking and she wasn’t really aware of the social credit system—I guess it is only in certain areas of China. She also stated how much the US kind of propagandizes news about China. And I don’t understand how her saying something to me in the middle of the US would reflect her “social credit score”, if it even works like that. She seemed pretty happy about China and living there, so I guess that part gave me a better appreciation of China (though before I had no opinion one way or the other, really). But her comments about Tiananmen Square were interesting, especially given some pictures I have seen from the event.
Thank you.
I would absolutely hate it if were illegal to talk about a certain subject; nothing should be illegal to talk about.
Kind of not related, but source? Don’t really want to comment unless I have the context. But I would not like if anybody was told they couldn’t protest, regardless of political affiliation. I’m not so far up Trump’s butt as one may assume.
I feel like I’ve heard that before. But it’s not illegal to talk about it in the US, which is where we were and are.
She told me they learned a little bit about it in school, but not in detail. I never claimed it is “such a great country”. Really going down the rabbit hole now it seems...
And if he means “pancake” by “run over with tank” then obviously I would be upset. I think any reasonable human being would be.
Which is what I thought. It was very strange talking to her about it and have her be so desensitized to it. Especially from what I’ve seen in pictures about what happened. And she seemed to be dismissive and “oh yea not a big deal” about it.
It’s not like users are “stuck” there. I can just as easily post the same comment in one subreddit as I do another by just hitting copy+paste.
There are bad apples in every bunch. You can find comments in /r/politics calling for the murder of Trump.
That’s definitely not the solution, buddy. Family could definitely help people who are mentally ill, but mentally ill people shouldn’t be able to buy guns.
I hated doing quests too back when I played RS.
Seems like the bad apples of the bunch would be the moderators, no? I didn’t vote for these mods!!
I never claimed to have any example of the sort.
No, I’m not saying that at all lol. It’s not that hard to understand. Some users of reddit? (Regardless of what sub):Bad. Some mods and mod teams of reddit (regardless of sub): bad. Do I have examples documenting every single user’s and mod team’s actions? No, and it’s crazy of you to perhaps assume I do. (How would I know what the mod teams are doing? I’m not Santa Clause) But I’m certain that mod teams of various subreddits have not been the most honest/moral in the world. Again; regardless of sub. I know this because these mods are human, and we are not perfect. You’re really digging it seems and I’m not sure what for. It’s not that deep man.
I wonder what the biggest goal in team history is now. Either that or Maroon’s 2OT goal against the other St Louis native in Ben Bishop.
What did the t-d mod team even do exactly? My original comment was about users of both subreddits, saying that you’ll find dumb comments in ANY subreddit (not even politically based). I only started talking about mods with you. Take the time to re read our comment chain and get the context of our discussion. Feel like it’s gotten a bit off track.
You’re better luck than me. I was at game 3 of the SCF haha whoops 😬
I [replied](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskTrumpSupporters/comments/c5x73b/thoughts_on_reddits_decision_to_quarantine_rthe/es7b379/) to your comment explaining it to me yesterday. I don't really understand how I can make myself clearer on the bad apples comments, so could you be more specific with what exactly you're asking me?
I’ve already told you I do not have examples of other moderation teams doing similar things. I guess you don’t need to take my statement of “bad apples in every bunch” so literally. I meant it in more of a sense of: “yes, some dumbasses will leave horrible comments in T-D, but since there are bad apples in every bunch, you can find other, similar horrible comments in /r/politics.” Then we talked about moderators and you informed me it was actions (or inaction) of moderators of t-d that caused the quarantine. So forget the bad apples thing. I think it’s confusing you, or you’re getting too hung up on it. So hung up that half the time I forget what we were even talking about before. The mods of t-d messed up. That’s the story.
I'm not trying to deflect anything. The mods of t-d messed up and should have been removing comments that violated reddit's rules. Do I have examples of other moderation teams *not* removing comments that violate rules? No. Why? Because I don't keep a folder on my computer that says "times where these mods fucked up." I'm not some freak that cares about shit like that. It is just that I've seen comments on /r/politics that wish for trump's death, say that trump should be raped, etc etc. That doesn't mean EVERY person on X subreddit is a "bad apple". Just like how t-d's mods fucking up doesn't make everyone in t-d a villain. What is it that I can say to you that will leave you satisfied with this discussion? Because I thought I've been pretty clear about my stances but you keep asking the same thing.
I mean this question is difficult to answer. The t-d mods said in their sticky that they can’t remove every rule-breaking comment because some aren’t reported and whatnot. Some mods may interpret the rules differently than others and one mod would remove a comment, whereas another wouldn’t. Ideally moderators would look at reported comments and reference the rules at the same time. (If removing comments even works this way), and then they would remove the comment if warranted. The t-d mods said they have done this, but of course there may be instances of non-removed comments. That’s why I said (in the comment I linked but apparently link didn’t work) it would be interesting to see the statistics on reported/removed comments. Because you cannot expect moderating teams to be perfect and get every comment removed. (Though there may be more evidence for some mods not removing comments than others). That said: it depends. I’d like to think that subreddit moderators have the best interest of being fair for the subs that they moderate, but as I’ve alluded to before, moderators are humans and are bound to have flaws. To further clarify, I do believe that there may be some moderators out there who just don’t care about being a good mod. I don’t know if any of these mods exist in t-d, politics, or any subreddit. But just by sheer odds, there is bound to be one mod like that on a subreddit out there. I mean, there are some shitty cops out there and good cops out there. Same for cooks, scientists, and any profession. Same applies to mods. Is that any better???
Check your class discord. You can likely find by googling “___ wow discord” and put your class in the blank. Most discord’s have FAQ so check there (or use the search function) before asking questions that have been asked 100x already.
“Ohhhhh.... again, again....”
The Tampa bay golden state warriors
Sounds pretty useless
Signing a goalie for 10.5m aav puts a little strain on the cap. Even if that goalie is Carey price.
I’ve said in multiple comments of mine that they need to be better. Subreddit styles can be turned off and do not exist on mobile. They also stated in their sticky that users need to report bad comments. If they refused to remove comments before, then it’s on them. Like I’ve said/implied before. You’re very difficult to have a conversation with. I don’t really wish to continue anything we’ve been talking about because it seems a conclusion isn’t in sight and this is just getting annoying at this point.
No thanks.
🍆💦
Dead
I did not like Dunkirk
What else would you get from the apple store?
This video is so white 😂😂
Play in the open. Bait kicks. Fear someone. Hit bolts. Why would you play behind pillar against melee? They can easily just line your bolts. Use your noggin 😉
What an interesting fellow.
Why are those people like that??
That is some hood rat shit
I’d rather talk about the actual consequences instead of this sensational nothingness, but that’s just me.
Speaking of plans for 8.3, has there been any “preparation” guide or video yet? I’ve seen snippets and various individual videos, but is there any comprehensive work up so I know I’m covering most of my bases?
Shouldn’t you have less of such a strong bias as a PhD student in polysci? 😵
Por que no los dos
I’m glad your students have unbiased experiences. What do you teach? I don’t have to TA anymore but kind of miss it
I'm a chemistry grad student, and was fortunate enough to be put on RA. Some other students in my cohort TA all their time though. How is the grading for those classes? Bet it could be rough haha
Thanks
I’m sure it was that easy 😂
Amazing
I just bought a stone pipe and it’s a really nice way to smoke
Passive has so much going on😵
While plenty of the world (Iranians included) celebrate this death... Americans want to protest purely because they think hating Trump is trendy and cool. Very disappointing
“We took action last night to stop a war. We did not take action to start a war” quote from trump
Why not include the clip? 😵
I re read it and I like the auto attack enhancement. I think the W is really weird and would be hard to use. I think a combination of her old W and current W would be perfect.
It only won’t go anywhere if you never try. Only one way to find out where it goes...
😂😂
I think the best solution is instead to browse reddit while "reading papers" all day.
An even bigger flex is genetic modification.
Myself and a friend have been having mouse issues as well in games like league of legends and world of warcraft. I feel like my mouse is just not responding very well. Like I will move it to where I want to, but it just will be too fast or skip around and I'll misclick. /u/brandersnatcher
I can't believe he didn't add the guy on Bnet, but I understand how you wouldn't think it wasn't the right guy in the moment.
Is there proof it was his friend? I had some suspicions too but he was reading messages from blizzard support on stream.
There used to be true 50/50s, where the link had a 50% chance to show you either thing
And the ult does 1337 damage lol.
Just submitted more logs while playing league of legends. Had a mouse issue at 12:46am.
Nice, I like them both. Though I think the Arizona and panthers ones look similar.
Even more: &gt; Me: Time for a nice relaxing game of blues hockey and a beer. The least of my worries! &gt;My brain after a one goal lead: yo, if wE WIN 10 STRAIGHT WE'D BE ON PACE FOR A TOP WILDCARD SPOT *proceed to have 11 game win streak and win Cup*
How did you start knitting? Buy a kit and watch YouTube videos? My girlfriend wants to start
Hynes’ Lynes
Thanks!
$ATVI 52 wk high today
Yes, the American Media does the rest.
AND KARMA
I’ve played since s1 and the client right now is the worst it’s ever been. Everything else is amazing though.
Every single one of my friends I play with (like 15 people) has issues with the client.
And many more saying “bring the the troops home”
What about the US embassy?
I scrolled for ~2 sec and saw both types of comments.
Really?
Good one.
2 goal leads...
Not anymore.. 🌚
It means there were no US casualties and he’s going to make a further statement tomorrow morning
Can’t even edit out swear words.
I think a good title for this photograph would be "The Meaning of Life" :) Father and son sharing a moment of unremarkable laughter that is a simultaneously remembered and untraceable memory of a lifetime--captured by a loving mother that is sharing it with the world today in order to make others smile, who hope someday to recreate that same moment.
It means take everything you read with a grain of salt until a few weeks from now.
This is an amazing story.
I like the new passive, but I think 60 is a lot of damage at level 1. Also, I don't see a point in the vel'koz-like R+Q. I've never felt like detonating R+Q mid-air. Unless the second activation makes the circle on the ground erupt, and I'm just misunderstanding.
I thought this was /r/moderatepolitics... not /r/politics
Yuge sarcasm
Wasn’t our embassy attacked? Isn’t that kind of what started this or am I wrong? It was. Our embassy was attacked in response to a US bombing of weapon's storage facilities in Iraq and Syria, which was a response to an Iranian militia's attack on an Iraqi airbase. Edit: [information](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2019%E2%80%9320_attack_on_the_United_States_embassy_in_Baghdad) Don't know why I am downvoted FOR THE TRUTH
I would argue that a lot of the things I see here are purposefully deceptive. I don't listen to news on TV so I can't judge Fox, but I definitely think that things here are exaggerated. I wouldn't doubt that Fox news is doing similar things.
Ok, just know that I'm not purposefully overlooking anything because I did not know that. Thanks.
Buy $ATVI shares. Don't mess with their options... they manipulate so hard
I mean duh, couldn’t we technically trace all these events back to 9/11? Or before? I agree we have a presence there that “begs” for instigation of sorts, but that’s really not relevant here because obviously it isn’t that simple. I was just saying for these series of attacks in general.
What's your goal of this conversation? So far all you're doing is pestering me lol. I use Economist Espresso and Skimm (email thing), both relatively non-biased sources for a general overview of what's going on in the world... Then, like I said, I read things on reddit (don't really keep track of what source is the 'best'...) and use my own brain to think "huh, this is a well-informed article" or "man, this article is trash!" after reading said article. I vote for both republicans and democrats.
From my first sentence... I clearly was asking a question where I admitted I may be wrong. Lol...
What if I were anchored to some source like that--DailyKos, etc? I'm not anchored to any source, but since you're asking about me, I feel entitled to ask about you, and why you care to know such a fact? I think that there exists a very large amount of news articles (some posted here) that are in some ways purposefully misleading. Or, only report some of the truth and not the whole truth... cherry pick to enforce a narrative. Every side does it. Nothing is wrong with a "both sides" narrative because ***it's true????*** Am I wrong here? I see dumb shit that is posted in /r/t_d, but I also see dumbass articles posted here. &gt;Well, I think that your statement that "basic" news sources (reputable newspapers, news magazines and tv stations) were not truthful is quite unfair and playing toward a kind of "both sides" narrative, where either your version of truth is right and everything else is "fake news." This made me think of this: If you don't vote for both Republicans and Democrats, then I don't think you (not talking to you specifically... this is a 'general' you) can declare that "both sides" is B.S. because you yourself (again, not you, but a general, hypothetical you) aren't even taking both sides into consideration. Maybe this doesn't make any sense but, I tried.
What was "disinformation"?? My link gives a source that says the exact same thing as my second sentence.
Was getting out of the nuclear deal an objectively bad thing? I don't know anything about it, and am going to spend some time reading up on it, but I am wondering if there is a conversation to be had about it..
I think it is very possible to have discussions about healthcare with democrats and republicans, and I think it would be wrong to think otherwise. For example, you and I are having a rather decent conversation right now, and I'd be willing to be our views don't particularly align perfectly. So long as people on 'both sides' of the spectrum are willing to come to a fair middle ground, then things should work out, no? Not everyone can have their cake and eat it too.
Try/r/redditmobile
Probably, but riot shouldnt be the PC police. It can also just be the struggle 1v9.
Sounds like it'd do you some good.
Like PDMS?
And a reason why they should have nuclear weapons. Nuclear energy fine, but weapons, no. Yes I know the details of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action.
im a phd chemistry student and this is pretty much what i still do. good meme
wow! that one is red and this one is green!!!
Should be Thomas and Bozak
Gender non-Newtonian fluid
This is outrageous!!
Wouldn’t this break the Nuclear deal agreement?? The deal said Iran couldn’t have more than like 300kg of uranium, no?
I honestly don’t want to engage in a discussion where your sole goal is to get nothing out of it other than pester the other person (me). What are you aiming to get out of this conversation? You judged and generalized because you are assuming that I meaningful discussions are hard to find (for me) based on one sentence I said. When, if you actually look, you’ll find a real example from [just the other day](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/elv76m/america_deescalating_the_situation/fdl4jfg/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf) that I have decent conversations here. So, if you’d like to have an actual conversation, please engage me in one. I’d gladly welcome it. However, if you’re going to just pester me for nonsense while pretending to be sincere, then please kindly leave me alone.
I’m having trouble following your reasoning. What did you mean by “maybe because you say things like this...” then?
I’ve heard that the best thing to do week 1 is just kill the end boss. Nothing else. This is to level your cloak up. Could be wrong though. Just hope limit doesn’t see my comment!
This ought to be the highest rated post on this subreddit of all Ian time.
😭😭😭
So geed they make a throwaway for/r/frat
What are you drinking
You ought to have just one account for all three of those things.
It’s also stupid because you could technically trace all this back to 2001 or even further. We’ve been in the Middle East far too long as it is.
Commenting to watch later
Can you read hieroglyphics?? Mostly kidding, but what kind of history do you learn in school?
I never contacted any professors, except one that I met during the prospective student weekend. Ended up joining someone else’s lab.
Those were the worst episodes of the whole series. Did not like petrovsky at all
Are you me????? I'm going through the same thing right now. The not being able to snack is the worst bit :(
Screw off, loser!
What do you have against mammals??? HUH????
Think he will endorse Trump?
Set 2 is BOOTY!
I think for me, it's less of a bunch of broken stuff and more of a bunch of stuff that sucks: maokai, ornn, malz
Ive had success with Malz but he's an expensive unit to utilize. Shadow/Summoner can be expensive imo.
Ok yes I've had that before and it was great. Electric Lux too, but other than that.. haha he's a bait.
If you'd read the article, you'd know he wasn't his campaign manager.
Jeremy Franklin is absolutely the worst.
Something with the Reddit app. Doesn’t look weird on anyone’s screen but your own when you’re typing a message.
As a straight male I strive to be some combination of Harry and Steve.
Keep in mind that simulations are taking into consideration that you will play 100% perfectly with no lag, things running at you, itchy face, etc... If your sim is 100k dps, and you are consistently at ~90k dps, you're doing fine. If your sim is 100k dps and you are consistently at 50k, then you need to reevaluate.
The people you are targeting with this post are definitely never going to read it.
😂
The only gearing change they’ve made this whole expansion with regards to PvP was a NERF in drop rates. Absolutely ridiculous.
Easy money
Except for Joe in *You*, apparently.
Just use a knife bro 😂
I'm sure it sucks because now he has to find a place, pay rent, utilities, etc. Do you sign up for autopay? Paperless receipts? How about mailing address changes? C'mon Andy! Bet you didn't think of that!
Still haven't yet :O
Lol the discord chat in that vid 😂😂
Rogue. But you can always try both :)
I think short hair could look really nice. :) Especially since you want to take care of your beard. something like [this](https://www.philips.com/c-dam/b2c/male-grooming-experience-center/master/facial-styling/how-to-trim-perfect-cheekline/how-to-trim-cheekline-masthead-thumnail.jpg)
I know right? Only 14 upvotes. Really frustrating tbh
Petrichor. The earthy smell of rain.
I bought a cologne that smells like it and sometimes I just spray it in my room for the smell. It's awesome.
It’s Demeter thunderstorm(not an ad )
It’s not a mouse issue because when I quit medal I don’t experience any issues.
I'll try it, but I have a friend who experiences the same issues. I'm not sure why Medal would cause it either, but it does
Weren’t those lunch rules horrible?? I remember seeing how much school lunches sucked after the rules implementation. Did they get better?
What are these “phases”??
Not a fan of these depressing ass commercials lol
I think trump has tried to reform VA care
It is
Sent you a discord message. Ignore the reddit dm.
This subreddit comforts me.
Wow, especially with how old it is, too.
She is like 8
On that twitch clip he's still being pretty weird about it tbh. Insinuating method would/could do something like that. Just a bad look imo.
This is the best karma skin and also my summoner name. Congratulations!!
It is clear that ActiBlizzard is aching from laying off so many employees...
You should ask an academic adviser what they think. A job in your field is 99% (imo) better than another job. The experience is likely transferable and could make it easier to get another job in the future (connections).
Awesome pic of the lidocaine.
ThAtS a WhatAbOUtisM
What’s it mean? Also, are you calling me a “magacultist”?
Feels like a high school freshman is writing it tbh. All the writing for in-game cut scenes and cinematic is so lackluster. And quest text is bare. Can really feel the lack of love and resources.
Please keep Karma low pick rate :)
Build advice or just a build in general? Grasp mastery with shield bash. Build iceborn gauntlet. The rest can pretty much be up to you.
How can I get damage numbers that look like that?
If you’ve been dealing with personal problems you ought to talk to someone that can help—both mentally and academically. An adviser can help you maybe reschedule the exam. Maybe you can find a tutor. The last thing you should do is NOT take the exam. You’ll feel even worse. You can do it, OP! :)
Hey wtf I just wrote a paper on single cell separations
Didn’t Obama bow to the Saudi leader? If true that seems weaker to me
Apparently he had a bunch of security and was not wanting to meet with fans at the alumni game. Definitely tired of the spotlight it seems haha
Ever seen someone go to the bathroom in a movie??
I was there and enjoyed it.
Not sure what the problem is? They made teams that won and then got their winnings stripped? Seems pretty stupid to me
I had a blast!!!
Nice work! Hope you had fun.
Pretty sure you can just hit random buttons on a DH and do fine. Lock probably not a bad choice either tbh
Some things are just bigger than sports.
The best to ever do it!!!
Looks like when a piece of plastic is stuck on your skin and you try to flick it off but it just keeps sticking elsewhere.
"...That was nothing by the way" After Kobe clearly tripped him 😂😂
When he did this it made me like him a little bit! Auuuggghhh!!!!!
Great work!!
Indeed
I finally came to the realization last night when I hit somebody for 140k chaos bolt while my other hand is on my nuts that maybe I’m a little problematic as a class. Oh yeah and I have 500k hp with a 76k shield. Still pretty easily handled by melee cleaves that just stun lock me though tbh
Yes warriors can crush me. Especially if they’re with a dk or DH. Have to bait reflect, pummel, then they have berserker rage and storm bolt. Makes it tough sometimes but it’s definitely a class where I can eat people who don’t know what to do for breakfast.
Very newsworthy..
I see she owns the rights to the image so it makes it a little less of a silly article on the front page of /r/politics (in my opinion)
Limit stream quality 💩💩
I personally think it wasn’t that big of a buff to Top and a pretty big buff to support karma. You can get lots of pressure level 2 bot with big Qs.
Not sure off the top of my head. I'm usually getting trained anyway lol.
Is that why they have another door?
Lets see your challenger rank then 😵
Tarasenko 😂😂
That’s with a phone? Nice!
Right, still impressive.
It took me 30 seconds to clean up after posting. I wanted good karma after spilling coffee on my floor. It's wasteful!!
Lol. You know nothing about me. Yea I did want positive reinforcement for myself after spilling coffee on my floor, is there anything wrong with that? That's why this subreddit exists.
Great. And my comment about good karma was a play on words in the fact that reddit upvotes are called karma. I'm sure you understood that but I guess you took it literally. I do good things for people often, including not telling people how to live their lives.
Fields and Ivy is reaallly good
I wonder what the difference in "good" corruption pieces are.
SITE ALTERED HEADLINE
These are the BEST
Is there a big hair on this?! 😂
Looking like Kylie smh
So does DMT look like when you rub your eyes for a long time?
I think he's pretty successful. I'm a fan of his.
a little bit.
What's crazy to think about is this video happened on [Dr. Martin Luther King Drive.](https://imgur.com/a/AvLFAFt)
These are weird comments
Racial tension-driven shooting on a street named after a man who led the civil rights movement.
lol
Wow......
Vendor
What a trash article. Who upvotes this? lol
This clearly says 2018. C'mon OP...
Why?
Chalk this day up as a total W.
wym is 2m enough? he didn't have to donate $1
I’ve had some neck issues ever since I’ve been working from home more and I’ve talked to a physical therapist and they set me up on a home neck stretch routine. I’ve noticed a big improvement in my neck pain.
How about their cinnamon rolls??? Bring em back!!
* [Upper Trap Stretch:3x30s,both sides, 1 time a day](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-r0eoFS7_5Q) * [ArmPit Stretch:3x30s,both sides,](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GSoXPJRnR6E) * [Scap Squeezes:20,5second holds,1 time a day](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QN1oZVMMRjE) * [Doorway Stretch: 3x30s,both sides,1 time a day](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wd40VoY958I) * [TA contraction in sitting: 20times, 5 second holds, 1 time a day](https://www.thestudentphysicaltherapist.com/supine-ta-isometric.html)
You’re right—we missed our opportunity.
Thanks for posting this! Submitted some
Yea I bought MMLP2 on CD at Target.
Paul from great british baking
That’s a beauty!
G I V E __ K A R M A __ A __ S K I N __ WITH __ N E W __ D A N C E S
low visibility let me drive 35mph into the back of this van
This video is being processed
If you have friends that will get the PS5 and play avidly, get that. If not, get a PC. PC will always be relevant and you can continually upgrade. Has similar games as console and you can use a controller if you really want. Also, it's easy to make friends in games online! :D
The only thing that makes me think it is Syndra is the beach ball. Other than that, I definitely think it could be karma. Especially due to the tattoo, anklet, and the cloak.
Ban Diana if you’re playing mid. Karma is all about creating space and kiting your opponent. Diana can just pull you close if you are trying to root and run and she can dash to you even if you manage to get away. On top of that, she is tanky as fuck and you do no damage to her come mid-&gt;late game. She is the only champion that gives me huge issues midlane and therefore I permanently ban her when playing mid. You can win against her, but it is very difficult and not worth the hassle. The hail of blades option seems interesting to play against her and I bet it would work, but post-6 you have a hard time with Diana anyway and as the game progresses, Hail of blades loses value.
I bought some really bad coke not too far from these escalators one time.
This isn’t the spirit of the sub!!
He does this for a radio show.
Also I leveled nurse to 40 and lo and behold nurses calling on shrine today xD
“Amount equal to your PvP power” meaning you have a stat value for it and this is a proc that increases something else (main stat maybe?) to an amount equal to your PvP power.
This tooltip reads like it’s from a trinket or something. It does, however, say “PvP power”, leading to believe that the stat, “PvP power” will exist in shadowlands. It is still obviously in alpha so there is a lot of information missing. We can only make inferences and I think your inference is misguided.
I am a karma main and disagree completely. Just ban Darius if you’re going to play top.
I am straight. I am a karma main. I am happy for all my gay brothers that we can bond over our beautiful queen karma. I too will go undercover gay
Wowww. Can't imagine pulling this out
Scariest game of my life 😫😫😫
There are only 10 comments
I wouldn't say dark stain. It probably isn't a bad thing to have such different opinions on the supreme court. Not saying I agree with him, but I am sure it brought about some lively discussion.
Maybe if you are going across the subreddits you could say “hey! I’m currently asking all the champion main subreddits about the biggest challenges they face with their champ. My goal is to create a spreadsheet for common issues with the common solutions to make it easier for people to begin learning a champion!” Something like that maybe. But no I don’t think bard is a counter. I think pyke, Leona, and Morgana give karma the most trouble. Honorable mention to Braum.
It's also a great time for people who have braces
Cmon it’s 1. Mathews 2. Tavares 3. Spezza 4. Kerfoot Don’t you know??
So you are disregarding the entire defensive aspect of a centerman?
Wowww can't wait for nurse.
I did a 10 hour experiment yesterday only to have it be unsuccessful :)
I will say that I have the most fun on resto shaman. I think it has a great class theme. I agree with you that it suffers greatly from the GCD changes, though reverting the pre-7.3 interaction with cloudburst could definitely mitigate some of the qualms. I think something that could benefit shaman is expanding upon our ability to move and cast at the same time. I'm not sure exactly what.. maybe have healing rain be a spell that can *always* be cast while moving. I also think something that could be interesting would be an incorporation of an old tier set bonus into something new: how about riptide HoT procs give a chance to consume water shield orb?
Joy for two for one!! Glad I found your posts again!!! 😍😍
Going to post more? I’ll be here to answer!! 😃😃
This inspired me to put try and put together a montage of some clips I have. But I’m a lock so people probably will just hate on it. I’m not sure I’d blame them
What the hell was it you used to launch yourself 800 ft in the air?! 😂😂
I’m really mad that mayhem was in the top because she wasn’t able to get clocked for her outfit. Her outfit was 🗑🗑🗑
Can we talk about how horrible Mayhems runway was???
Exactly! Mayhem just didn’t get a chance to get critiqued because she was in the top.
My girlfriend and I are going to try making these next weekend! Thanks for the inspiration :)
Thanks! Going to try making a montage of my own and hopefully this will start an influx of montages on the sub! You have inspired me.
Oreos!!
Check out this tweet too... the irony is real https://twitter.com/hahakeklings/status/1273435742753218566?s=21
There have been so many onion videos being posted here lately.
One time I brought a survivor to the hatch and then mori’d them.
Below 8th? "Nobody knows us ___" ... something like this?
Just saw ret/rogue at 2300 NA. Also: ww/dh
Yea good point. I mean soul LEECH!
Been staring at it all expansion.. needed to show the world
I know people aren't a big fan of warlocks right now, so I know it "isn't super skillful" but I had fun making it and hope you enjoy the content.
Plater
It isn't for that. It lets me know if I am not facing my target when I am casting on them.
Fortunately there is an option for that
Thanks!
I’ve heard that about my UI before. Tried to focus as much on the bolts as possible
Thank you! After the positive response I want to make more but I’m afraid there isn’t much versatility with destruction warlock haha.
heyoooo!!!
Haha it’s a little non-intuitive. Also keep in mind that Havoc coil heals the same amount non-havoc coil.
Great work by the jailor... can't have such a rambunctious forger running afoot.
Sure, but how are you going to find that cell? As others have said, the issue is detection. There are things called "Circulating Tumor Cells (CTCs)" that exist, and they can exist in varying concentration in the blood of cancer patients (not every cancer patient will have them). (as low as 1 CTC/7.5mL blood). (average blood draw is about 7.5mL). The problem with these CTCs is that they must each be captured differently depending on the type of cancer you have. For example, a breast cancer patient will have different types of cancer cells from that of a pancreatic cancer patient. These cells must be captured using different methods. Once captured, you can do things like DNA sequencing of the cancer cells, but keep in mind, you are dealing with maybe only 10 total cancer cells that were captured from the blood. This is a very tiny amount of DNA. Additionally, cancer can cause DNA per cell to mutate differently. Moreover, sometimes cancer patients don't even release CTCs until they are far along in their cancer disease progression. On another note, though, this information is still very useful in some cases. For example, in the cancer Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia (ALL), you can capture the circulating leukemia cells and evaluate their genetic content using a method called FISH (fluorescence in situ hybridization) that can look for certain chromosomal abnormalities. This is important because if the patient has a certain abnormality with their chromosomes, they require a different type of treatment. Additionally, these CTCs (in different types of cancers) can (in the future) be used as a disease monitoring method in order to longitudinally track whether or not a patient is responding to treatment. If in a certain month patients start to see different levels of CTCs, it can be a sign that treatment needs to be changed. Unfortunately right now, a lot of the science and chemistry/biology being used to work on cancer is revolved around detection and disease monitoring. We are still learning new things every day about cancer and it only furthers the progress we make on the disease. We are learning that each patient is wildly different and the term "personalized medicine" is being thrown around a lot. There definitely are scientists out there working on the very thing you were mentioning, but a larger focusing currently is on detection and downstream analysis of captured cancer cell particles (cells, EVs, etc.)
Think this needs more Karma with these boobs
Beautiful "Yea fuck you"
Found [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/OutOfTheLoop/comments/cbtylu/whats_going_on_with_method_josh/) post which links a comment that [was deleted 11 hours ago.](https://www.reddit.com/r/LivestreamFail/comments/c74a1b/methodjosh_banned_indefinitely/esd5uo7/)
Anybody who doesn’t like broccoli doesn’t know how to cook.
Stupid Love - lady gaga
This video is unreal. Hahahaha
Haha. Also,... that can't be a real invention 😂😂
Dirty martini? Dirty bastard!
so wat if you lose the game you get 60k blood points
As killer if I hook someone twice and down them a third time before like 2-3 gens remaining I will leave them on the ground and let them get revived. Prevents me from being called a tunneler and everyone has more fun.
He’s the face of twitch so we would see a NEW ERA OF WORLDWIDE DOMINATION
How high was she?
Think she was listening to this song in the car?
Nothing worse on nurse than blinking into a pallet getting pallet stunned and then fatigued from blinking.
Smh lol
I think she's in a good spot as a shieldy-girl support.
Adopt it out or pay to ship it back. I'd definitely pay to see my kitty again. Expensive, yes, but I wouldn't be able stand living and not knowing what happened to my kitty after I adopted it out :(
I guess I can see that.
Feel like that happens to me often.
I said this [3 months ago](https://www.reddit.com/r/TrueOffMyChest/comments/fhieci/america_needs_to_end_the_stigma_against_facemasks/)
Very awesome. Great technique... love your coloring on the neck especially and the shirt looks very good. Your blue tones are great. Only critique(s) are I do not like the 2020 on the arm, and I think the lips are a *slightly* too red.
Also, there seems to be some white halo around the hair where I can't see any news paper or clear painting. Not super unsightly but definitely noticeable. Please post more work though!! Very cool.
Legion's m2 ability makes it so you can injure a bunch of survivors in close proximity really fast, but if you hit the same survivor twice with your *ability attack*, they will not go down and you lose your ability timer.
Talk about even layers!
