By law, you can take a later lunch to go vote at most places. By law, you must be given a 30 minute break when working a full shift for most places. I understand that there are exceptions, however, lets not act like the main reason people skip voting is because they cannot get off work. The main reason, for most of the people that do not vote, is that they do not care. I understand that some people want to vote and perhaps cannot due to stupid things like past felonies. No idea why you are saying the GOP restricts early voting. I live in Austin, Texas, and voting in Austin was the same as voting in Dallas, two different demographics. Hell, there was a recreational center in the poorest part of town where the clinic I worked at was, and they were flooded with early voters, many people who took off work to vote. Overall, everyone can put a little more effort into voting and taking responsibility of the country.
For further reading, the China body problem and it’s relating scenarios are quite interesting.
This also happened to me. You can return the card separately I believe.
You can’t just add an Asian haracter named rose and expect the money to pile up? Who da thunk
No. There is a difference between replacing and copying. The question being asked has to do with an original having a secondary copy. Does this copy have exactly the same microphysical properties? If so, does this mean it has the same thoughts at the same time as the original? The Theseus problem is similar but it is importantly different and mainly has to do with the replacement of parts changing the identity of the whole. So if you replace a part of the ship every day until one day, no original parts remain, is it the same ship? It functions and looks the same, but it cannot be the microphysical duplicate of the original. It’s token qualities are unique. This scenario is used to talk about cyborgs, artificial intelligence, as well as the effect of time on consciousness. So while they are similar, the two examples are used for different discussions.
He needs more survivability in lane. I’m pretty sure he does not have one winning matchup. You strong level 1-2 against melee and that’s it.
Check B&amp;H. No tax for my state. It’s a good plus when you are buying a 500 dollar graphics card.
Always down
Movies that are considered better than Inception tend to efficiently show “what the fuck is going on” as well as have deep, rich, and complete character arcs. The thing is, these movies tend to be harder to understand, have less action, and be less exciting to the average viewer. But to answer your question, no the expository dialogue was not necessary. It was a choice. The action could have been cut down to make room for more arc defining conversations between characters. This movie had a very Oceans 11 feel to it(or 21, if you really hate your life), yet none of the characters have any substance. You can’t really nail what each character is except cobb, and maybe Cillian Murphy(maybe). Everyone just gets really caught up on the time/dream stuff. They love the idea of shit slowing down, going whack, buildings folding, Hanz Zimmer fart orchestra, and big expensive set pieces. You could have literally cut a bunch of the snow base scene had something else. Maybe Ariadne and someone else get to have a separate 7-10 minute scene that reveals more about Cobb as well as the other two. Like you find out that this person has known Cobb awhile because of their mutual occupation and has some insight about his wife or some shit. Then this Information can gradually develop a bond between the two. Maybe we find out more about these god damn characters so we like them more. I swear everyone likes Bane in this movie because he said “scrambled egg” in a British accent. How do you. Characterize him? Durr “savvy” durr “British”. Bitch we want to know his motivations and maybe some life events that made him who he is or explain something about him. He can tell a story that serves to build character rather than expose plot. If you have strong characters, plot can fall into place because you are writing logical and rational steps *this* character would take. I continue to hold the belief that the best way to write masterpieces in film is to write characters first and make the plot around them. Or wrote a plot with characters, then write the characters, then rewrite the whole plot. Nolan’s movies are really fun but they are not organic. They seem like a psychopath wrote the ethos rather than somebody imparting what they know about the human condition based on their own life experiences. His characters are single purpose. They are pawns in a script that lead to a spectacle or set piece. That’s fine, but it gets boring as hell to rewatch. I’ve seen all of his movies at least three times. Some more. I genuinely think that none of them are masterpieces. They are brilliant in their own ways and Nolan certainly is an ambitious person that usually succeeds. He literally put an imax camera into a plane nose. He’s similar to James Cameron, yet many people scoff when I compare the two. They are ambitious directors with huge projects that generally landmark the year they are in. But nobody I know who I trust their film opinion or film knowledge thinks he has made a masterpiece. A few classics sure. You can give both of them that. But not movies that you can watch in theaters, get your mind blown, the watch at home every year or couple of years and have the movie experience mature with you. It’s possible I take movies too seriously and that’s fine. I really don’t have any way to argue against an opinion. I just really want people to know that movies without this level of exposition do exist. Nolan makes action thrillers. I don’t know why people want so desperately for action thrillers to be given recognition or something. It’s fun. Just leave it at that. No need to discuss ranking an action thriller.
I’m a simple man, I see Lynne Ramsay, I cop.
Yes he looks different. But the caliber of the characters you mentioned are not even 1/1000th as compelling as Phillip Seymour Hoffman’s roles. Yes, he gives an above average performance, and I believe he’s a commisioner, or Sirius. However, I am not awe stricken or open mouthed like I was during The Master. Or like I was during Magnolia. The same is true with Daniel Day Lewis. I don’t think being a chameleon or being able to play so many different roles is necessarily enough to be one of the best. I know a commissioner or a Wizard is different than Churchill. But I wasn’t enamored with any of the roles enough to say that he’s one of the best. He’s a great supporting character that doesn’t need a lot of lines or a lot of character building. He’s great on screen and complements characters that are in the drivers seat. He’s no Phillip Seymour Hoffman, Daniel Day Lewis, or even Joaquin Phoenix, who in my opinion will be considered one of the greats by 2020. He’s worked with a variety of people and has shown surprisingly deep and unexpected performances that I feel only he could bring.
And Blue Jasmine.
Has to be The Master.
Huh
Good Universities have a bunch of student support services including nurses offices.
You need to explain your answer.
Why would anyone think that? They are two different terms.
American Sniper is pro-war at times though. Like you’d have to be dumb to think it’s not. He’s called the most deadly American sniper. He is loved and praised by all the infantry. He ends up killing the other sniper. The action makes him seem cool even if it is terrible at times. He says admirable stuff like “I was just protecting our guys”. He even joined the fucking military because of terrorist attacks. I mean, I live in Texas, and nearly all of the native Texans who saw it treated the main character as a “bad ass” or a “hero”. It’s not a movie trying to recruit you, but it is for sure more pro-war(maybe unintentionally) than many other war movies. The classic anti-war war movie is full metal jacket. Even Saving Private Ryan is mostly pro war. The first scene isn’t, but any time there is writing that makes a soldier bad ass or whatever, people will see being a soldier as being cool. I understand you need action and entertainment in movies in Hollywood but saying American Sniper is an Anti-war film is plain false. Not to mention hat the movie is based on the self written book and Chris Kyle was a narcissist nut who even bragged about his kills. This lends to a pro-war attitude considering he thinks it’s cool that he killed so many people. He also lied about killing people with his sniper on the street too. He was crazy.
Because he’s a tank that can duel and can be more of a carry than Zac or sejuani. Those other champions have to facilitate plays for their team. Jax can do that, or split push or do whatever. He’s versatile. He’s also quite easy to play compared to the other tanks.
sturdy enough. The issue is that this monitor is not vesa compatible i believe. Which is a bummer.
Very similar situation here except it wasn’t that he was distant it was just that he traveled a lot and I lived with my schizophrenic mother. After he fought in court for custody of me for almost two years, I realized how much I meant to him. He also had all of my projects and things like that. Now we are incredibly close.
You should look up the “simulation theory”. It’s quite strong considering technology today.
Link your op.gg. That’s the only way we can see what the problem is.
She’s hard to be useful with in the late game. You want to end the game before 30 minutes. Any win after 30 minutes had nothing to do with the nidalee playing well.
Then ask team to pick him later for you. I doubt the game is unfairly giving you first pick everytime you too lane. There’s no bias just towards you.
Well, this hits home. When I was bronze and silver I am pretty sure that I said exactly what you just said. The truth is that you just are not playing as well as you think. Most likely a consistency issue. You remember your highs but don't remember your lows. So it must not be you? The truth is that the ranking system is unbiased. It is a computer that functions off a simple system. If you beat people who are better than you, you gain more points. If you beat people that are not as good as you, you gain less points. After many games, everyones points average out so that your skill level is equal or similar to those around you. Of course there is some variance, but not much. Instead of thinking about "climbing", "new players" "veterans" just focus on learning the game. Not the numbers or the rank. If you improve at the game and see yourself improving, the rank won't matter. Post your op.gg so we can see whats happening ya know?
I disagree. It’s opened up many more plays early that were not possible. I just love being able to be proactive very early because I have stop watch. It’s up to you to know that they can stopwatch instead of being baited.
If you win a matchup.....why would you buy a 600 gold item that you can use once? I’m sorry, but this is so wrong it’s not even funny. Also, the watch mastery is fine. He only people I see complaining are the people that don’t have any awareness to hit tab and see if it’s up. It’s literally just an earlier zonyas and it’s great because it allows the weaker landing picks to be picked in soloque.
To address your last line, I was just explaining the elo system. Its not against you is the bottom line. So if you want to get better at the game, in general you need to play less characters and less roles. I see you popping off with jax. Like, literally only queue for top and jungle and then only play jax. Get really good at him. If you are playing many characters, you are having to focus on how to play your character as well as the actual game. You want to get so good with a champion that you don't have to think about their kit. You just can focus on playing the game not playing the champion. If you don't care about getting better, then just keep doing what you are doing. In general, with any training, you want to isolate what you are trying to train. Isolate your champions and try to improve. I can tell you right now that you are not getting paired with people who are better than you or your team being bad. They all have similar rank and have similar problems to you. Alot of inconsistency holding bronze and silver players back.
Well I guess we see it differently. I see the watch as a way to inject some early fighting into the game because people are more willing to be proactive if they have watch up. You can towerdive, be really aggro with champs that are squishy because you can dodge huge chunks of damage. I just love watch. I snowball games at 6-10 minutes as tf because I have that watch and can engage a fight and watch any damage.
Been saying this for awhile. Can check my page. If anything, league needs more actives.
You might be right. It is just confusing because it says (mean±SD).The measures and mathematics section did not explain it further.
I will buy a switch in the next six months. Am a pc gamer but Nintendo always makes good consoles. Only console that was kind of lame was the wii pre-wii motion+.
Except not really. You can only place one red ward and it takes up an inventory slot. You have to waste a ward on not denying vision to fight against her. I think the stealth on assassins is retarded.
That’s what wedges and dashes are for when you draw chiral molecules.
Yep. Taking some high level philosophy and you google a term and just find a paper that your professor has published.
Have to know the situations that you can use either tactic.
Make one conscious decision on your own, for once. Please. Like I’m sorry to sound mean but I hate people coming to mains subreddits and asking us to sell it to you. These subreddits are about info not trying to gain more members. If you like swain and put enough time into him to contribute into, please do. Until then, just lurk and comment and watch gameplay of him.
“Essentially normal” is the more common charting nomenclature. Source: Have scribed for 1200 hours.
Rap snitches
Ate one last night. I love hard candies with a gooey cumshot filling. Am straight.
I stomp her too. Her lane phase is god awful. I’m a mid laner and play Zoe mostly. But as any mid against kai’sa just roam bot and put her really behind. She was overpowered still. But I think she’s difficult to play well and there are a lot of bad kai’sa players.
Because you need to have champs to fill so you don’t say “not supporting gg have no supports” then pick yasuo support, feed, flame, then get your fourth account banned.
The slope doesn’t have to be slippery. One week of disabled new champ in ranked. My personal suggestion is not allowing a champion to be played in ranked unless there are ten normal games logged. Only applies to the two roles you have selected of course. There should not be any argument against this suggestion.
More like x and y. (Annoyance is subjective)
I will be honest, I actually like it how it is. As a midlaner only I like just typing Z and clicking Zoe. But yeah I agree it should be the whole roster.
I’d say the past half hour.
Very strong child performances tend to immortalize movies in my opinion. There’s something so powerful about a believable child performance. Wish M night would go back to his roots and write a good character first. He seems to forget that his two good movies, sixth sense and unbreakable are carried by scenes that involve two strong performances. The rest can fall into place. Split had one good character but the entire movie was committed to this gimmick of multiple personalities yet nobody in the cast could match the quality of acting that McAvoy was bringing. The best comparison is with Silence of the Lambs where Jodie Foster empowers Anthony Hopkins to take over scenes. In Split it feels like McAvoy is on his own and the only decent actress of the three girls is the quiet type in the movie. I hope m night comes back.
I WUZ SWIMMEN IN THAH CUHHRIBEAN YEAH
If you aren’t running electrocute Zoe with w max, you are not playing right. Nah I’m kidding. Spellbook is not as popular. People see more success with aery for poking or comet for pushing, and my personal favorite, electrocute for if you are confident in your ability to get picks. Which is the thing I have basically practiced since the first game of Zoe. My pick score on mobalytics is outrageously high while my skirmish and teamfighting is average to decent. All of that time shooting sleeps through walls in practice mode paid off.
Weird. I don’t hear that album at all besides the backup girl singers. I hear lots of 808s and heartbreak mixed with life of Pablo’s more psychedelic or off kilter flow. I like the album as well. And I did not like Life of Pablo.
Lerk at spercs
Or test the waters and go take scuttle and ward in enemy jungle entrance. See what your mid laner does. If they hug towards you it means they understand. If they get priority and walk into river to ward or to go out of vision, bonus points if it’s on the side that is being pressured(bot lol). Gotta feel them out. I’m a mid laner and basically spend the first few minutes of the game trying to feel out my jungler. I play differently if there’s a xin one trick that hovers my lane compared to a yi that spends all time in local camps. It’s mostly the autofill junglers who aren’t mid laners that don’t understand priority. Mid priority is like fundamental to winning in both of those roles but not as important right now in other roles.
I actually agree with you. But Riots biggest flaw is also their greatest asset and has kept league alive. The balance is generally above average but root changes things so often that there is only so much they can do. Constantly changing and adding things to the game keeps it fresh but makes it hard to balance.
Further, use ludens procc on wave that banshee enemy is near to pop it.
Yes. But it usually varies by patch. I’ve been banning xin or kai’sa and getting my team to ban it pretty much every game. Xin higher priority though. Haven’t played with a jhin for about 10 days which is crazy.
Are we really trying to put caps above Faker right now?
Yikes
People just don’t like change. It works the same but has more features or ways to view content. I switch back and forth.
It’s because Bjergsen for the past three years, is always second to roam. I don’t know what his deal is but he gets pushed in way too often. People like Pobelter can just outroam him despite probably being the worse mid laner overall. Bjergsen plays too risk averse in a time where playmaking wins games. MSI showed that. Caps, Xiaohu, and Maple has a great tournament.
Nope they are just hard to click.
Fair enough. I though Anya Taylor Joy was flat and did not facilitate McAvoy such as in the example I brought up in Silence of the Lambs. She feels disconnected from the other girl characters(by writing choice) but also disconnected from McAvoy and it doesn’t feel right. I know Taylor Joy can act. But acting is half the battle. The writing and utilization of her character was piss poor and forgettable.
You are right, it would not work there. However, people hardly do that. Even at high elo I haven’t see it much.
They are good. And have improved every year. Do you not remember season 4 and 3 and 2? Riot moved much slower then. They’ve added everything the fans asked for back in the day and have a consistent schedule of updates. Balancing this many characters and items is difficult and requires data and riot is really keen on long term balance to keep things fresh. I’m all about constructive criticism about the game. We have bug threads and forums on riot.com and here about general topics. Same with r/summonerschool. But being passive aggressive and sensational/emotional is dumb. I see so many jokes like “better nerf x” in a sarcastic tone and they don’t add anything to the conversation. If you complain, do so in a succinct and focused manner, devoid of dramatization. It’s a vide game and I feel that some people forget that and overreact to balance changes. Not sure why random teens to early 20 year olds think they know more about game design and balance than an accomplished game company. Playing games does not really qualify you to discuss design and balance. Go watch Game makers toolkit on YouTube. If you understand all of that and how to implement it into games on a global scale, AND then think you know more than riot, then maybe I’d listen. But being a “yasuo main” does not mean I’m going to listen to you when you start posting emotional please to have your old champ back because “riot gutted him”. Babies mate.
Most players don’t enjoy playing against smurfs. But really, ten bot games wouldn’t matter because you don’t unlock ranked until after a couple dozen games.
It does mean something though. It determines who moves forward in the tournament. The best teams will progress.
No, they aren’t shit quality. Not even close, they are just overpriced and meant for a specific customer. You are not the target audience. And that’s fine. I’ve worn some very expensive clothes that I would never buy, but am full able to admit that they were the best clothes I’ve worn in my life. I’m just not going to buy a 1400 dollar pair of Gucci loafers as a broke college student. If I made six figures a year, maybe I’d buy one expensive pair of shoes or two though. It’s not just the brand although that is the main reason. The quality is high even though the price is beyond outrageous.
The same way you would only buy a 100 dollar shirt, I would only buy a 40 dollar shirt at most and most of my shirts are 15-20 bucks from cotton on. There people out there with more money that you and I and might think it appropriate to spend 250 on a brand new supreme item.
At that point it’s simple:buy your own stuff. If people are going to be selfish like that, you can’t get sucked into their entitled spoiled vortex that is around them. Keep TP hidden and bring the roll in when you use it. He will buy tp. Then add your tp in the bathroom.
Use pot to supplement activities. But plan the activity first. Then smoke right before leaving. Preferably something outside and pretty. Or Social. Pot can make you apathetic and content doing nothing, but I find if I commit to the activity and use pot to supplement it, I have a great time. Pot is what you make of it. I’ve been working out high as well and it’s been a blast. Just honestly trying many many different things high that I never did in the past. In the past I used to get high at night and just do games or movies or other low key chill stuff. Now I take a dab at 8am and go on a walk or cook breakfast or read. My gf and I deep cleaned our closets a couple weeks ago while stoned just looking through old schoolwork and organizing it. Was great. You unturn stones in your mind and remember old things. The pot isn’t the problem. It’s your comfort in being stuck in the same place and not doing anything new. People experience this whether they smoke or not. I know plenty of people at work like this. The easiest way to stop it is to just start working out. The more exercise you do and the healthier and fitter you feel, the more energy you have, and the more willing you are to put yourself out there. Just go running high mate. Or go lifting high mate.
I’m literally about to try him out in the next few days once I get back home. So yeah I got what you mean.
Have a friend who told of a locker room bully in middle school that would touch guys balls or finger their ass while they were changing and it was a good laugh. I’m just like “bray thas assault”
I’d also like to know the interaction effect.
I think fox is better than TSM too. I just have a feeling that TSM won’t even make worlds this year. I’m not even a hater on anything. They just seemed unbelievably weak last split.
In comedy, don’t fight with the audience. I’ve seen this joke before in a Louis bit. You may have done it first, but it wasn’t funny because I’ve seen it. Gotta make sure your joke doesn’t parallel a famous comedians because then you can’t use it.
You look over, you see a guy in a tan car with dents all over it and a garbage bag for a window. [mimicking bag flapping] What is holding up his suicide? – [audience laughing] – What is delaying it? What is keeping him from stopping being that? [audience laughing] And what would it take? What would it take? What would it take? Both windows are garbage bags? Is that…? [audience laughing] Seriously, do you know how much misery is involved in a garbage bag for a window? Do you know how many separate moments of shit misery? “They canceled my insurance. I broke my window. Duct tape.” http://scrapsfromtheloft.com/2017/04/08/louis-c-k-2017-full-transcript/ From the top comment on this post.
That’s one strategy. However, another strategy is to have some standards of curation.
Adapt mate. Or don’t. The game has lasted this long because of change. And ADCs have been stale awhile. Riot tried to bring morde to adc once and it failed. ADC has always been the staple bot role. Every other position has had huge shifts in meta with even adcs being played in jungle, mid, or bot. ADCs have always been too strong. Whether it be from items or support items. It’s cool to see some changes. Like, every other role had to adapt when adcs became meta. You gotta adapt and learn the new bot lane picks.
Lucian mid is actually good now after item changes.
...It's not about what I think. It is about upholding the values you are taught in school. Patients are not parasites that come in to ruin your day. They are people. Be compassionate. You are a dud of a nurse(student) and that kind of talk wont get you far. Nobody wants to hire an asshole, especially an asshole nurse, who has the most face time with patients.
Yeah, and mid lane just had irelia mid, galio mid prior, lucian mid as a taliyah counter. We've had mid kha'zix, and mid evelyn, and mid pantheon, and mid fiora, and mid teemo. Now I'm stretching it. Oh, Sion and karma still there as banner users. ADC's by far have the longest stints without variety and most adcs play the same or split into classes. Its cool that we got the ezreal tp, but even then its just ezreal scaling up and being slippery. I think its awesome that yasuo, literally the melee adc of the game has found his way to bot. It is really cool and lets a bunch of new comps come in. The change is why we play this game.
Just saying, they keep getting underrated. They have solid players, and I only see 100t, TL, and FOX as better teams.
It does though. Take your roll with you. It sends a message that they have to buy their own shit to take a shit. Don't put up with disrespectful people.
This is legit, my favorite past time. Sometimes I even make the mistake after I preach not to. It’s great.
I’m happy that crit is finally taking the backseat. It’s been the go to star for adcs for forever with occasional shakeups like rageblade or lethality. It’s great to see other stuff bot. The game feels incredibly new like I’m learning it again because nobody knows what is hidden op at the moment. Yes, yasuo and irelia are the best, but I’ve seen a bunch of stuff work. Having the game balanced around tempo rewards teams for being proactive. The strategy of holding on until cait hits six items and wins is uninteractive and I think new bot lane champs are going to revive this staleness that has been in the bot lane for years.
There are plenty of viable ranked adcs. And just like in other roles, if you don’t like melee/ranged, then just play the champs you do like. I’ve seen plenty of ezreals, kaisa, draven, mf in the bot lane doing well. I’m just kind of shocked that a big diversity change finally breaks up the monotony of adc and then adc players get mad. Do you really want to just play the same thing over and over? Cause adc has been the same for years and years. Literally adapt like the rest of us in thee roles have done(and have had fun doing so), or just don’t play. Like good riddance. “I don’t like melee” is just the dumbest thing I’ve ever heard. If you. Are about winning, you will learn other stuff. The game is a blast right now. It’s very action packed because tempo is how you win games now. You can still have comebacks though. It’s not every game like it was before where a “comeback” consisted of protecting your crit adc and holding off. It’s obvious riot is trying to make people play proactive. The mana changes to mid plus the adc changes make turtling much harder. And that’s how it should be. You shouldn’t be bad at the game for forty minutes then hit a powerspike and win one team fight to win. I much prefer fast paced games where you need to make choices to win instead of just weathering other peoples proactive choices. I gotta say, seeing all the salty adcs is quite cathartic. Y’all have had the same playstyle for years now while us mid laners have been playing melee and ranged, assassins and tanks and burst mages and control mages and sometimes marksmen. You will learn to like it. Variety is the spice of life.
Well you’ve heard wrong then. People were very excited when mordekaiser came into bot lane because it was a change finally. Same with ziggs bot. Most players don’t want to do the same thing over and over. And many pro players are loving the new variety. The only people I see complaining are bad players and people who are unwilling to adapt like the other roles have had to do for years. Also, riot doesn’t change the game to improve the game. Riot changes the game to change the game. It is unfun and stale to play the same things over and over. League is not a game where all champions are relevant. It is a meta based game. The changes and new balance shift the meta so that new things can be played. I’ve been playing since season two and would not be playing still if riot just kept things the same and didn’t take risks. Literally play irelia bot lane. You will have fun. If you don’t, you’re mental. Change is good. You will like it eventually. I hope riot continues to change the game often during preseason/mid season. It gives this game a bunch of new things and keeps people playing.
Seconded. Early game is very bad. She gets pushed in every matchup. Even by bullshit like Rakan mid lol. I feel her mid game is still good though. And with the melee adcs bot, her skirmishes in the mid game, are very strong because her wall displace and her ult can slow these melee champions. Even if they have dashes, it is a predictable movement and you can land stun easily because they’ve used the dash. Her 1:3:1 is still very potent especially if you have some defensive items or archangels completed. She also takes baron quickly, and with the tempo changes and lots of fighters, baron can be taken quickly and safely with anivia. Teamfighting is the same as before. I think people are over exaggerating her shittiness. She’s probably B tier. If you are good at farming and weathering the storm of the first 15 minutes(which she used to do before but up to ten minutes), then she’s fine to play. But....all the S tier mids are incredibly fun to play right now.
Please make video
Just purchased
Just give it time. 20 games is literally half the amount of games I played on Aurelion sol before I brought him into ranked. He’s also streaming. It’s much harder to learn than just autopilot the same ranged auto attack type style. Yes he’s good. Just saying that many other adcs, obviously Ruler, are pumping games in to be meta ready.
Agreed. And the fact that Hai took it in stride and stayed professional when he could have easily blown it up just shows what kind of person he is. It’s weird cause Golden State is so strong elsewhere...why didn’t they assemble a team with imports and have Hai shotcall?
Shen actually really good right now though. At six, your team can take anything they want and secure tempo. I think Shen is one of the better tanks.
Depends on the game and/or mods. I only played Skyrim about 80 hours. But I played fallout 3 about a thousand, and oblivion with mods about 200. I just always feel like the exploration is really lackluster. Once you are in a dense story area doing stuff, or if you find an amazing sidequest, it gets fun. I loved the guilds in Oblivion but they felt hollow in Skyrim. Either way, of course I’m copping the new elder scrolls.
Then go bot. Get priority, work with your jungler, and control the game, or at least take punches. Stop seeing the game as four idiots that being you down. Look at the game state and understand that if people are struggling, and the enemies win condition is to capitalize on it, you have to plan your lane to help them. It’s really simple. There are some games where my role, as a mid laner, is to win the matchup mid. For example, if I play Zoe into kassadin, I want to punish the early game and snowball. But if I play into lux, I want to match roam or roam first because I can. There are some games you can’t win. But overall, this complaint I’m seeing from mid laners is a struggle to understand how important proactive plays in the early game are. I’m still of the opinion that mid and jungler are the strongest roles right now. Tempo is the name of the game. Work with your jungler on getting it instead of trying to butt heads with the other mid laner all the time.
It’s a q-tip and isopropyl alcohol container that thematically matches your glass stuff. Most people probably wouldn’t care. I don’t. However, my girlfriend would love something like this and wants one because it matches our glass pieces. Much cleaner looking space than having a q tip box and iso bottle out. Yeah you can buy and improvise other containers but it’s cool that this is another option.
Have a consistent schedule for it. Play a warmup game, then play a couple ranked. Don’t play more if you win, and don’t play more if you lose. Play 2-3 ranked and take a break. If you want to take it a step further, make an excel spreadsheet or get a notebook and watch your own replays(op.gg/plays.tv/etc), while taking notes. Focus on a small thing to improve each day or each week. I simply wanted to die less. So I rewatched all my deaths and came up with a reason why I died, and what I could have done to not die. What I realized was that I died to gank in mid lane at the 330-500 mark very often. I went into lane and pushed too hard trying to be aggro, and died for it. So I went into practice tool and played around with waves then I watched a high elo kr player and saw what he did with waves early against aggro enemy junglers. Then I mimicked him. Then I died less. Then after mimicking for awhile, I understood more and was able to apply the same ideas to other parts of the game like split pushing or 1:3:1 in the mid game where you are playing to pressure by slow pushing and timing a large minion wave crash when your team is trying to get vision or get an objective. Or freezing to try to bait the enemy to come out of their vision line for a kill. So yeah, have a consistent schedule with warmups and reflective cooldowns. Stay focused in game and don’t listen to music. To climb you have to focus like you are taking a test. You are putting practice or studying into a performance or test. If you want to chill, play flex or normals. And then focus on single problems and goals. These goals will lead to new goals and you will learn organically. The worst thing you can do in league is just spam games. Streamer culture has portrayed an unsustainable lifestyle that 99% of players cannot adhere too. Sorry QT, but people who don’t make a living off playing the game, can’t spam games the way he does. We have to work smarter not harder. We have to structure or practice in a way that is efficient for everyday life. If you have a lot of time on your hands like a highschool student, I’d still recommend focused practice over spamming.
Mid and jungle. The meta is about tempo right now. And the lack of tanks as well as increase in early game focused bot lanes leads to shorter games. Playing proactive is being rewarded right now. Jungler mid duo is the head of the pack in the early and mid game. However, you can carry in every role.
It’s like a version of sion q but a whole champion.
Yeah well you made a mistake. Play with Russian audio and English subtitles. It will never my sound silly when naive Russians are speaking English in a Russian accent. Makes no sense why they’d speak English. And the game heavily focuses on tone and atmosphere. Last light is better though.
I think with this buff she actually can be really good. With red buff, she can probably kill most other junglers at level 2-3 except we or xin, although I’m not sure.
You are just Garbo. Like honestly I can’t take you serious. Reworked Shen is much more rewarding to play and actually can win 1v1s with outplays from his sword block. Old Shen was boring as fuck. Maybe I’m a different type of gamer, but I don’t play league for the story. It’s a moba. Lore is cool I guess. But most of all, I want meaningful, fun gameplay. All of the reworks have added really unique and fun mechanics that feel great to master. They have also deleted old, outdated characters, that a much different company made. A small company, the fraction of what it is now. Every rework has improved the game. And I only speak for myself, but every reworked character has been much more fun and I have played every rework much more than the prior iteration. I’m with Riot here actually. Keep removing the outdated champs and adding better replacements. Some champs should be “retired” so that the game can be more fun, and the characters can actually be balanced and picked.
Change happens. Deal with it. The old lore was bad and the champion was poorly designed as well. New aatrox looks fun to play.
Am I the only one that just cares about the gameplay, not the damn lore or personality? It’s a moba guys. And the new design looks amazing and fun to play.
You can play anything bot right now. Kids are just mad everytime there’s a change. The meta is amazing right now. I love the novel picks. Adcs are still being played but now you can run a double melee bot and win or at least execute a new strategy.
I love BDD, but imagine Faker on KZ.
Hey! So first of all, the mmr feature of op.gg is not exact; it is an estimate. It is a good way to see trends over long climbs or falls. It is not really relevant here because, just from looking at the "Match MMR" feature, your games pretty much average out to B4. You are 930-980 mmr pretty much. The 48% win rate is not too bad. But that is not what caught my eye. You are not a bronze player dude. You are better. Heres why. Your winrates on a few champions are really good, specifically master yi. You have a 60% winrate on that champion across 30 games, and your recent week winrate is good too. Most of your losses occur when you are not playing that champion. Your biggest problem is that you play too many champions. You WILL climb if you play master yi. Yeah I know it's not fun to think of the game like a test, but it is, and people who climb think of it that way. You should be practicing the champion or two in normals. Then when you have been doing well in normals(I look at my past week winrate or my last ten games), you take it into ranked for a game or two and hyper focus on it. Turn the music off, dont talk to friends, and only think about the game. These games should be mentally tiring, then you take a break after. Don't use ranked as your warm up. Don't use ranked to "chill out" or be on discord with friends. Treat it like an exam. Where you play the champion(or two) that you are good with and try your best to win. No tilting, no flaming. Play the games out. So yeah, main master yi. Off-role top with jax(but practice him a few more games, looks good though). If yi is banned, play warwick. Play him just like yi, but gank a little more. If you are top and jax is banned, dodge the game. Wait five minutes. Queue again. If you have to dodge again, do it. You wait a day, but you don't get into a game on a champion you do not know and most likely lose(look at your winrates on some of these man). You lose some lp(3 per dodge), but you lose 0 mmr. This means you gain more lp later to make up for it, and you have a higher winrate over all so get more lp. Dodging is worth. GG, you got this.
He’s literally an S tier mid laner and is being picked in adc as well. It’s you mate. Look around the sub or look at pros. He’s very strong at the moment. He’s being played very aggro with ignite and electrocute and can solokill you at three. I’ve also seen predator work really well alon with celerity.
Reddit. Everything else has ads and posts twice two three times as many articles around this time because everyone is looking for gaming news.
R/chinaglass.
Still riding on the yocan evolve plus with ceramic donut coils. 21 bucks for the pen and 15 bucks for five ceramic coils. Puffpuffpassit.com is a terrific website. https://www.puffpuffpassit.com/collections/vaporizers/products/evolveplus?variant=16547698245
My god. Looks like I have to avoid this subreddit except for post match threads for awhile. IF YOU DONT LIKE THE GAME, STOP PLAYING. YOU DONT KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT GAME DEVELOPMENT OR BUSINESS. SHUT THE FUCK UP AND WUIT THE GAME ALREADY. GOOD RIDDANCE.
This has never been true though. People like to blame balance and meta because they cannot fathom believing that they are not as good as they think. You were always able to transition leads. It’s bullshit to think otherwise. If it was random, nobody would climb, and people do climb. You could solo carry before on certain picks and you can solo carry now on certain picks. It is your skill that determines this. Not meta. Meta just decides which picks you do it on. The community will complain about any balance change. Before 8.11, there were constant complaints yet we’ve seen a huge amount of diversity this year(aside from bot lane). So in 8.11 they let adcs finally not have to be picked bot. There are still the same number of meta adcs bot. Ezreal, lucian, mf, draven, kai’sa are all still strong viable picks. Varus is still strong as well. However, now, bruisers can get some playtime bot. The meta is new and crazy now but just like with every change Riot has pushed that promotes diversity, people will figure out what is strong and the meta will seem less crazy in a few weeks.
It’s because people are being hyperbolic. The same strong adcs are being played even in soloque bar Caitlyn. The pool of champs has just increased to some bruisers and casters as well. Why are people mad about more champs to play? I don’t know. I think the change was great. Maybe reduce crit gold cost a tad. But overall, crit adcs that win everything at six items should be very weak in lane. You shouldn’t be able to play cait, secure early game first tower and dragon, and ride the scale train to six items. Same with Tristana. The game feels much more balanced around champions having clear windows of power. Crit has always been a late game stat. But over the years, adcs, crit or not, have been stronger in lane than they should be.
It has been months though. We do not know what his current play in scrims is like. And as fans, we are not entitled to know. Also, performance is not the only factor. This is a team game and attitude matters. Hungry players should get rewarded over complacent ones. That is how people get better overall. I am all about this change. It is a win either way. Either we get three new players in the league that perform much better than they have in the past. Or we get the three original players who have been practicing hard trying to get their spots back. There is no detriment to the fans here if you care about performance. If you like sneakys stream and are mad that your favorite streamer is not a starter, then yeah you might be mad. But I only care about having the best players playing.
No problem. It is honestly a surprisingly good dab pen if you are not into cartridges. I like the container that screws into the bottom as well. It comes with a little tool, and I just rubber band it to the device and i have a pocket dab rig for 21 bucks.
Alot can change in two weeks of scrims. It is only the first week at this time. I say we just trust what the coaches do and give support to the new players who are probably nervous to translate their good performance that got them the starting spot....to the stage where it matters. Keith and GoldenGlue have failed pretty bad in the past. I'd love a comeback story(who the fuck doesnt you mean people), and Zeyzal has deserved a chance at LCS for awhile now.
Just remember who many of these users are. They are kids. My comment was certainly immature and overreactive. I think this is the expected response from young kids.
I agree with you. I guess I was being rhetorical. I just do not think that having a sunken cost view of the game is healthy. If these players are not challenger level or master level, they should not care about the amount of time they have put into a champion. They should focus on having fun. Learning new champions is fun. I would rather have a bunch of fiesta while people learn than have the same stale champs in bot lane for another 8 years.
Other champions have strong clears. But only reksai could clear her quadrant, go gank/vision/counter jungle, back, go to other quadrant and clear, then ult back to the first quadrant after camps respawned. Reignover, Spirit, and others abused this so hard to get nidalee levels of farm while being able to have a huge impact as a frontliner in team fights. I fucking loved it though.
Most people are probably low silver or bronze. Terrible is subjective for sure.
This is entitled as fuck. Adcs has agency because the late game was about them. They did the most damage by far. They still do at six items. But you cannot have a good early game and then scale into the strongest of the five players. Riot removed some of your incredibly bloated agency and gave it to other parts of the map, specifically the jungler and support. So the meta shifted towards early game bruisers at times to try to take some of that agency back. If you don’t adapt then you are just content with having no agency until six items. Adapt. Also, adcs are still picked much more than the bruisers. In soloque, you can still play everything actually, you just have to be good and survive until late game. But the strong adc picks are lucian, ezreal, kai’sa, kogmaw, draven, Quinn, mf, and I think xaya is still good because of her ult. Still worth playing with Rakan too. Every role has had changes that affected agency. It’s been long overdue for ranked ad carries. Suck it up and play irelia cause she’s fun as hell.
No lol, it was adcs. Riot stated its goals for this season which included bringing non-marksman characters to bot lane. They hoped to execute better than with mordekaiser and I think they did. Supports are op right now regardless because of gold generation. That should be changed slightly in my opinion but it has nothing to do with what you are talking about. Riot specifically wanted this change even last year but was unsure how to implement due to morde not working down there. The game is fire right now.
Good riddance. People should vote with their time instead of complaining about something only to play it more. Good on you mate. I enjoy the meta but am sick of the complaining when everyone has a choice in the games they play.
No it’s not. The player data is most important. Reddit is a very small representation of the player base. On the other hand, I know many people that have redownloaded to play bruisers bot because they remember doing that in the old days of the game. The player numbers have stayed rather static if you look it up. In fact they’ve overall increased because it’s Summer and this meta has not brought the player base down. The people who are quitting are the same people that quit to play overwatch for a few months. They will be back. Chronic players that are average but like to blame others or blame meta or balance but cannot quit due to sunken cost fallacy.
Untrue. Adcs were a problem pre 8.11 because you funnel your whole team down there to win the lane so they can get their items. It wasn’t even who is better. It’s which team plays around their adc the most. Adcs can two shot carries and shred tanks at six items. They still can. But now they have to get there while being weak early. A fair trade in my opinion. It allows early game adcs to be played more. And it allows other champs to be played as well since the ranged advantage in lane is not enough to beat a melee anymore. At fifty minutes, the Caitlyn team will still beat the irelia team and we have player data to show that lol. Any lane can “win lane lose game” adc was never the king of it. That doesn’t even make sense. Adc is weakest early and strongest with their crit items. They have the highest theoretical damage output and are ranged so they can kite. Matter of fact, pre 8.11, it was the opposite of what you say. The adc that fed in lane decided the game because adc as a role was too powerful for the reasons I said above. Crit is the most multiplicative stat and stomping lane puts you items of ahead of the other adc. Adc players are so goddamn delusional and always want the game to be about them. Every other role has gone in and out of the spotlight withtop lane cycling between bruisers and tanks throughout the seasons, mid lane having literally everything from mages and assassins to supports, marksmen, and tanks. Jungle meta has changed every season as well with bruisers probably being the most played, but tanks like Sejuani and maokai were there too. Ap casters like nidalee and Elise. Marksmen like graves and kindred and even ezreal and twitch. Assassins like kayn, rengar, shaco, eve. Supports have been all over too from tanks to ranged enchanters to mages to even marksmen like mf. Like it’s actually retarded that adcs are complaining right now. They’ve been playing the same ranged auto attackers with very minor differences for eight years now. It’s time to grow up and experience the other champions like every other role has had to do.
Play wunkong bot and wipe away the tears.
Only the very small minority on a small representation of the game think this changed wrecked the game. Most people don’t.
Many people are saying it is, including analysts.
It functions the same though. One is side mounted tube and the other is part of the piece. The same percolation is occurring, physics wise.
Looks just like the clone to me lol.
CCG are cool guys. This seems like a circumstance that would either refund you or send it to your updated address. Send them a message. I’ve resolved things through sellers every time without dhgate.
Flipped. I’d rather watch anything than a bo3 with optic.
The only thing that matters for the longevity of the league is viewers. There won’t be any competition if no one watches. Viewership decreased with bo3 and increased back up with bo1. Stop arguing about it now.
Humans are animals man. She remembers. Admitting sexual attraction about someone else you hangout with is a no no.
Yeah I’m not sure if I’m missing something. It is a defined word.
Can confirm. I don’t have anything against the guy, I just don’t play adc and don’t like loud streams. I only watch Midbeast or Shiphtur.
It’s simple. If he uses abilities to farm or if he uses shadow and shuriken and misses, walk forward. Zone him off cs. If he doesnt back up, hit him with stuff.
The only player that can do it is Apdo. But he plays mainly twisted fate when he’s climbing on Smurfs. He plays really risk averse but is always the first to roam if it’s a good play. However, it’s much easier to 1v9. Apdo is a special kind of player. You shouldn’t play so aggro you feed, but the way to win games is to punish opponents when they let you.
Link the op.gg. I’m struggling to understand.
Farm is farm. Having strict guideline on which lane to go is a you problem. You get the farm.
They’ve shown zombies. They wanted to show their improved AI I’m sure. We all know the zombie killing will be fun.
It’s the same percolation though. They are very similar pieces.
Thank you for agreeing for me.
More power to you. I am just saying that this is an echo chamber of complaints that do not have any basis in logic, and do not offer any reasonable suggestions. It is just a bunch of yelling.
I disagree with everything you have said. ADC does get to play the game. ADC is still topping damage charts. If you dont think having power is agency, then I dont know what to say. Cause it is.
Looks like I’m not a fan of CLG anymore. Spectrum is pure cancer.
“People like playing differently than I do and that’s bad. I want everyone to play the same as me!”
Leblanc is t the same as bruiser fizz or ekko lol. Lb isn’t op.
Can confirm. If you listen to the first song, you will end up listening to the triple album. Really thought I didn’t like any jazz until I heard this album. Now I like other jazz too. Really opened my mind I feel.
Reddit thinks ezreal, draven, ashe, and kai’sa are bruisers. The game is fine now. Just needs some time to be figured out. The adc was the focus of the game for a long time because no matter what happened early game, you could farm and stall into six item cait. Now you can’t do that. And people are having trouble adjusting. There were too many comebacks before. In sports, you can’t just go 4 touchdowns behind in the first three quarters then score a single touchdown at quarter four that’s worth five touchdowns and the win. Comebacks should be rare in league. And they are again. I don’t see fiestas. I see proactive early games being reward while stalling, reactive teams getting punished because they can’t scale into the late game. Every team should be looking at Gen right now. They were a very slow and methodical team when it was strong to do so and now they play very proactive in the early game. Also, as we can see, comebacks are not impossible as evident from last nights series kt vs af. Don’t fight the meta. Theorycraft and embrace it. It’s different but it’s also a blast.
Their top lane hard carries one game though. Like what the fuck are you on? Stop looking at the stats and watch the games. The c9 core are playing incredibly bad right now.
Play Bioshock 1. It’s the best one. Then play infinite. Bioshock 2 is good but you can skip it if you don’t want to play it.
Just wanted to say you are entirely right. It’s just common sense.
Sorry but fallout 4 still long led below average for the year it came out. None of the fallouts or the elder scrolls have looked “incredible”. They all have their moments but there’s always some kinks whether it be graphical glitches, animations that look wooden, or straight up ugly textures. Nobody plays these games for their technical feats.
Yeah just wanted to say that I was in the same grade with Post Malone but that’s not even cool. What’s cool is that Norah Jones lived and grew up in Grapevine.
Her version is incredible.
Yeah so boys don’t roast me but I used to say Bon Eye-ver when I first listened to his first album. Then a friend explained to me that I was NOT being cool so now I pronounce it right.
Mom has paranoid schizophrenia. We unfortunately can not get her treatment. She has fled every time.
Read some research you toxic masculine bonehead.
He’s my favorite streamer. This is rare for him but I’ve seen it before. Sometimes you just get tilted. It’s not right. But he’s not a toxic player. He’s just exhibiting toxicity after losing a few games in a row.
Also, we mostly see the stuff that is marketed to film nerds in America. I’m in a prominent movie city and we have maybe five foreign movies playing right now. Around awards time we get a little more. It’s not like Korean cinema is penetrating American cinema.
All anonymous people can be saints. Midbeast has never been banned and this is the first time I’ve seen this from him. It’s interesting that people are very quick to make this one instance of trolling become his identity.
https://www.dhgate.com/product/new-20mm-flat-top-bottom-thermal-skillet/404842773.html https://www.dhgate.com/product/high-quality-large-quartz-bangers-nails-male/401046920.html
Its okay for champions to become weak. Trist and cait have gotten more than their fair share of play time. Other roles go years with certain champs being weak. This meta is showing us that weaker champions are not perma-lose anymore in the bot lane. Even with the decreased winrate on crit adcs, it’s not staggering to where you perma lose. Like Apdo said, bot lane is not the decider like it always was in the past post season 3. Bot can int hard on trist and the mid laner, top, and jungle can mitigate the damages. People are joking about bruisers one shotting adcs at late game. And while that is true, bruisers will always be able to be dealt with. They are melee and kiteable. If a team protects their squishies and drafts a decent comp around the adcs, the bruisers can be dealt with. However I will say, Vlad and Brand are a tad overpowered. I’d prefer if they got some of their damage removed but were given better waveclear. Because right now, these characters are very hard to deal with. Even if you push them in and dive them under tower, brand spells will kill. Vlad can still pop you too. But of course its hard to balance because Vlad has no manna. I’m not sure what to do about it. I’d be okay with just a nerf on brand.
Spelling things wrong is fine. It is irrelevant to the issues people actually have with the TSA, which tend to be rooted in a lack of consistency that makes travel unpredictable and annoying. I would be okay having workers that abide by the same rules and regulations, even if they can't spell. We have no idea what the interaction effect of grammar correctness is on TSA competency. You can speculate and point out that security officers should be detail oriented and spelling correct words probably relates to this. However, the occupation does not heavily rely on paperwork, writing, etc. on the day to day. It involves screening flyers. It seems perfectly acceptable to me that somebody in a non-academic, non-journalistic profession can provide a competent level of work while not being able to spell well.
TSA are not the DEA. And they do not want those responsibilities. Threats to the aircraft and passengers are what is on their mind. I have been personally told by TSA that illegal drugs are seen in the scanner and not confiscated or even sent for additional screening. Absurd amounts of it might be a different story. I don't like the TSA as much as the next guy, but they seem to be pretty cool with personal stashes of drugs. My dad brings his pax2 and a personal amount of herb on most business trips in his carry on backback. He has done it maybe 30 times now I'd guess. He throws it in his case that is air tight and smell proof and forgets about it until he gets in the rental car. I have also done the same with edibles and oil when coming back from Washington.
Have been on medication for a year and a half as an adult. Adding the planner in right now for the past week and its insane how much of a difference my life is. I want to eventually go off medication if I can self treat myself with organization and mindfulness exercises. ADHD meds just really help to get you on the path you want to be on.
Just wanted to tag on and recommend the Pomodoro Technique. I use it for studying but it can be used for any task really. Its simple, you do the task for 25 minutes, then take a 5 minute break, repeat. You can do it for any interval really. You naturally just work much harder in those 25 minutes because you know you have a break coming, instead of just doing a task for hours to where you start doing sub par work. All it takes is a little tiny break. In addition to this, as someone with ADHD, I have found that simply abiding by these 25 and 5 minute timers, I have seen an improvement in transitioning activities elsewhere. Because I study for 30-40 hours a week during school I do a bunch of timers. Now, I notice being able to say "I have to go to post office in 10 minutes" and actually leaving in ten minutes as if I had set the timer. It is weird. Of course I still have trouble but I have noticed a positive difference in my ADHD symptoms whenever I provide any type of structure whether it be a planner or a timer, into my life. Thank you for your videos. I havent checked the channel out often but you are contributing to more awareness which is incredible.
Or because many including myself would probably not include Nolan in the conversation for best living director.
Being young does not excuse his terrible behavior. I’m not happy about his death. It’s a waste of life. But he was a despicable human. If we can praise the good deeds a person does, we can also denounce the terrible hinge they do as well.
You don’t have to be lumped in with anything. Just like you are now, you can just say whether you liked it or not. Both sides of the Star Wars fandom are crazy but I have no issue walking out of the theater and saying “meh” cause that’s what the movie was. Meh.
It’s weird because Wendy’s has a good meme twitter account.
The writing and premise were sound. The execution and overall necessity in the Raimi Spider-Man were all questionable.
That’s how I can tell who’s a good person. There are people who care about the general well-being of their family and friends only, which ultimately is due to selfishness. Anybody in their life circle cannot possibly be bad because it relates to them somehow. Then there are people who treat and care about humans as a whole. Which is ideal in my eyes. Somebody’s “non-violent offender” is another persons “lowlife criminal”.
I knew, at the moment the Dundee pathetically bounced off that tiny flatscreen television, that my life would never be as enjoyable because nothing would be able to top the sheer carnal laughter that erupted within my soul and out every orifice of my body in a foamy and smoky haze that smelled like burnt tires.
You have some projection issues man.
Why is unique? I’m out of the loop.
I agree. I am not ready to get off meds. I just like the idea of being able to self treat. Yes, I am very in touch with my psychiatrist.
I agree with that. Stat checking is never good for the game. I guess I have just been playing against yi for years and years and just know what his options are. He opens himself up to be cc'd after he alpha strikes and I feel that alot of people do not abuse that. Draft can be detrimental though, I agree with that also. The reason yi is rising in popularity is because of the taric/braum funneling onto him when hes picked. It pushes up his power spike. However, if you play aggressive mid jungle duo, you will win the game.
I agree with you. There are classics that I enjoy very much. It tends to rely on certain factors though. For movies that are about the current time(whether that be 1999 or 1950), the people from that time should relate to the movie much more than someone like me. I can appreciate, and even admire the movie, but there is a crucial piece of relate-ability missing from my experience. For period pieces, sci-fi, fantasy, etc. this tends not to be a problem, or at least not as much of a problem.
While we are at it, we should lock the other roles as well. Just delete 100 champions and have only a handful that can even be picked.
I really like Daylio. It acts as a personal "therapist" that I can drop my day onto, whether good or bad. Because I know that I will log the bad day into daylio later, I can try to not have ruminating thoughts about failure or more bad days. Daylio really lets me take things one day at a time, mentally, but is much more convenient than a standard journal.
Just to offer some counter examples for anecdotal evidence since we are doing that. I have not experienced any of the problems listed by OP. I’m not a riot shill. And I don’t doubt that people have problems. Just saying that I have not experienced these problems.
I think it’s mid and jungle equally at this time. Mid priority and early vision requires the mid jungle duo to play well.
Sure, but this sub has provided an incentive for good business practices and qc from the markets. I’m okay with slight price increase on reputable sellers.
As a little nod to cp2077. Doesn’t mean it has to join the new IP.
I understand you. But I felt that most of the movie had very real explanations that made sense. I was really hoping that it would not result to the typical paranormal conveniences. I was just taken aback by Annie banging her head against the door, to then appear in the attic. If she came through the roof or a window that would have been fine. "Its a horror movie dude" just seems lazy to me as an argument. I like to compare movie writing regardless of genre and I felt that there were only a handful of continuity issues in Hereditary(nothing that destroys the movie), when I wish that there were none. The first half of the movie was almost perfect. To each their own. There are incredible horror movies that have clean and strict writing throughout.
Trump wants to fuck Ivanka like an animal.
Yeah but is the shipping still your first newborn?
Heavy traffic. Prices are still updating. And there’s no supply shortage for digital. I’m waiting until tonight.
Then he should learn meta. Adcs have had it easy lol.
Speak of the devil, check out fnatics starters for Friday.
Ad hominem is the red flag I need to stop arguing. It means that the friend or family member or whoever has nothing left to say about the subject. It declares the “winner” because the other person essentially gives up. Protip: if anyone attacks your character in an argument, give them one chance to come back to the topic. “Okay but what do you have to say in response to x”. If they don’t engage the ARGUMENT, then back off and move on. Don’t stoop to their level.
"A Concise Introduction to Logic" by Patrick J. Hurley was the textbook I used. However, you can learn a great deal from the Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy. Many topics on logic. Logic is very dry though. You can also just google "list of fallacies" and there should be something. My favorite fallacies or lapses in logic that I see people employ almost daily are ad hominem, strawman, cognitive dissonance, and confirmation bias. But there are plenty other cool ones like "sunk cost" or "moving the goal post". What I have realized is that the people with the best or most convincing/compelling arguments are those who do not pride themselves on arguing. They are perfectionists who learn everything about their opponents and have arguments ready to combat anything. I had a professor for Epistemology at UT named Sinan, that would tell us to have questions, arguments, discussion points ready for a specific reading, then on the day of, we would argue against our own opinion. The very prideful arguers are those who are so sure they are right they do not even consider the possible scenarios in which they are wrong. The great arguers reach conclusions by parsing through arguments from both sides the best they can. https://plato.stanford.edu/contents.html#l
Except for losing in gauntlet
Nobody thought that. Stop crying out bullshit. The consensus is that KT is inconsistent, sometimes looking like the best team and at other times choking so hard it hurts. Seriously, fuck off I hate this bullshit “this sub thought x, but I was the right one muahahahah”. Like god damn. KT will lose an important series later on in the split. I hope they don’t but they always do.
It’s simple though. Pick stronger sidelanes. Gen should have picked aatrox no questions asked. Chogath concedes lane way too hard.
His team has conceded the map 2/3 games. Believe me I’m the last one who thought GG would be playing well, but he’s top half of mid laners right now after three games. He creates leads in every game he plays even when he loses. He just needs more synergy with Sven
Some of those things are admirable. However, you saying “a booming stock market” is a red flag that you don’t actually understand economics, as the stock market should not be used as gauge for economic success. He has a handful of good deeds however. And he’s not completely incompetent. It is hard to follow an inherently racist and bigoted psychopath though, which he is.
And then there’s the other side of the coin. I love these screen effects if they are done well. Maybe they should just give the option to disable them.
Depends on matchup. There are champions that are very easy to land bubbles on. And there are some that aren’t. I will be honest, landing e bubble is something I’ve practiced a lot, and I land many in lane. Champions like yasuo become free lanes if you can land e on yasuo while he dashes through a minion. The bubble hit box becomes very nutty around minions and will land in weird spots, that I’ve memorized at this point. W max second is the most reliable for sure, but if I’m feeling nutty and am against something like a fizz, yasuo, Leblanc, or something else that has a dash that is predictable, I’m maxing e second.
Dude, what you aren’t understanding is that some players like running different stuff. E max second is fine if you land bubbles. You WILL do more damage. But the reliability of W makes it safe. You can potentially get more out of an e max if you pop off. I max e or w second depending on the matchup which is what everybody should do and is what good zoes do as well. There are some matchups that Zoe should be abusing with her bubble and if the Zoe can’t land it then that’s wasted potential. The good Zoes land the bubble on the slow immobile champion. Matchup strength matters here. Against stuff that is much harder to land bubble on, to where you cannot abuse them, then you should max w. OR against a strong jungle or mid/jungle duo where you might want to use w as an escape tool and e for defense.
Talon. He outdamages and outwaveclears you, while also being able to roam better than you. Very tough matchup.
Those aren’t difficult matchups for some Zoe players including myself. Karma especially after banner is removed. Those champions all have abilities that can outplay, sure, but mind games can still be played. I think talon is the hardest match up for Zoe right now. Nobody else is difficult aside from the very rare irelia god.
You didn’t do well the whole time though. Caus eyou died. Paper thin or not, dying should have consequences. Taking two towers off one early death rarely happens unless they have Harold or have sent many people to dive you, in which case you shouldn’t have been there. Seems like people want to get punished less when they play bad. Perhaps they should just not play bad.
Not quite that terrible but I’m in the same boat. As a kid I was constantly complimented on my eyes. Now I’m complimented on my glasses.
Have an emergency open button under the cover....which this probably does have.
Yeah I mean, I don't know what to tell you. If you mess up, all the good you did prior does not matter. You either did not ward well or did not play to your warded side or your jungler side or whatever. I just don't think the game is at fault here. If you die, there are consequences. It is the largest punish in the game since the beginning, locking you from gameplay. If four people gank your lane and you don't notice, you deserve to lose two turrets.
Tomato Tomato. Talon is strong into Zoe regardless of if he is strong into other champions.
Thanks for the addendum. This is absolutely true. However, I will say that some matchups/jungle matchups require you to only hit the front wave to be safe, like when my trinket runs out and is on cd for half a minute. But most cases, back wave q.
Better to dodge if you aren’t sure. -3 lp is nothing.
I just use space bar. Having to toggle on and off seems like a pain on the champs I play. If I’m playing Zoe I need to be able to see to the other side of terrain. For adcs, I agree with locking your camera though.
This has to be translated. Are you not on that English shit?
Writing for you has to be incredible. I’m imagining all of the incredible similes and metaphors that just come to you naturally.
Know your audience. I live in Austin and go to the domain to see a friend. There are PLENTY of young people and minorities and non-rich people that go to the domain. This ad is specifically targeting the high dollar spenders that wait in line at jewelry shops and yes there are lines at the domain jewelry shops. Also, the domain is north austin. It’s closer to the suburbia part of Austin whereas the “keep austin weird” parts of town are more south. The thrifting, the food trucks, the comic stores, the river, my school, etc. Just don’t want people thinking the picture is the norm. Austin is quite a melting pot.
It’s missin a lot though.
Well, you are assuming alot then. There are people that are enthusiasts that don't ever talk about it unless around other enthusiasts. You can be an enthusiast of pot in the same way you can be a wine enthusiast or a cheese enthusiast, etc. The world does not conform to what you find interesting or correct. This is just you being very closed-minded and judgmental.
Then don't listen. There are a bunch of things I find unenjoyable to listen to in life. Being in the real world means interacting with people that have different interests and different views than you. Not sure what to tell you.
Sorry, your highness... I-I-I won't happen a-gain. P-p-please accept our leftover from the harvest m'lord. It won't happen again.
Y’all I get you. And you can hate me all you want. But I enjoy playing games to the end. I don’t know. It’s not always about winning for me. Even just having the challenge of trying to not die against these behemoths that are fed on the other team is kinda fun. Like a david vs Goliath situation. Also, every now and then you do win a 4v5 and it is the sweetest thing ever. Sorry though.
Honestly all of the LCK casters have been on point this split. It really feels like Papasmithy brings out the absolute best out of people. Especially because of how many games he’s working. I’m quite impressed. Like LCK has always been the best league to watch but they are absolutely the best league to watch right now. Incredible storylines with the pappa continuity.
Ehh seems normal to me. The dark tracks coupled with the levels do stick out more though.
People cling onto to 2d of the previous games. And because art style is the first thing you see, it’s easy to make a snap judgement. I think the game will be great. It just won’t have an art style that commands your attention like with Symphony if the Night.
Sorry but this is not how competition works. It is in both players interests to learn from eachother.
It’s better to act professional. Demanding and pouting like a penchant child is not professional and they shouldn’t answer your question. I wouldn’t. Disrespectful oaf. These are people and they spent almost a year creating the character. Thinking about the character. Executing the design. Just because it is not what you want does not mean he is “butchered”. Yes this is a video game, but know when to step off the playground man. You can ask questions that respect the other party. Can’t believe you are the most upvoted. Very immature.
Your brain is Bush’s beans dude.
Ehh gotta be fair at least. I’m not hot on the game but you have to admit that the individual character kits are really fun to use if you put time into them. It’s everything else that’s boring. They need to overhaul the core of the game and add multiple objectives because blizzard aren’t good enough map makers as valve to stick with push the payload. They need to carve their own niche. Adding a secondary objective akin to a dragon or baron that gives a teamfighting buff or a payload speed buff or something would get people to proactively move and skirmish instead of just headbanging teamfights over and over. It was fun for awhile but with so late innovation or change to the core of the game, I can only care to play so much. Shit on league all you want, but riot does change the game and implement new mechanics systemically that make the game fresh.
All this text and my point is the same. Nobody wants to have a discussion with a penchant child. That is why they didnt reply.
You either r forward or r backward.
Anything can be a troll pick. Dodge if you don’t like the champ select. It’s only -3 lp.
Not true at all. Every rework and champ release has added depth in mechanical ability. Like I truly don’t understand how the current meta favors non mechanical champs. Like huh. Mechanical ability has always been rewarded. If you can’t carry or facilitate a carry then that’s on you.
Adcs still picked in majority of games despite the Reddit jerk. Talon kills bruisers early too though. I think talon needs his shove nerfed. I’m fine with high damage. But he’s an assassin with Aurelion roaming potential that one shots. At least let him shove slower so other mid laners can have a fighting chance of matching a roam or punishing mid turret.
I think you have to be really limited in who you add. Like the only player that should be there right now is Madlife.
Flying lotus meme. There was a thread several years ago in ask Reddit about which celebrities were assholes when they met them. There were also good experiences I believe but it was asking for the assholes. The typical bill nye stories came up but then this one came up. I sure if it’s true probably not but it’s become pasta and is used with a variety of other people, From Trump to esports players to now tyler.
Not worthless. But yeah basing all of your movie watching around reviews and trailers in general is unfulfilling. This is coming from someone who used to do that very thing. Now I watch movies blind if it’s from a writer or director I like. Or if a letterboxd friend recommends it.
Oasis by lee Chang dong Very troubling movie.
There are weeder classes in some majors. 40% of my biology 2 class dropped. And the teacher had good reviews. 40% of my organic chemistry class dropped. And right now in my cell bio class, the average grade is a 57. I have a 69. Luckily this class is graded differently. The median/average(whichever is lower) is a B.
My dad has friends who have friends who’s sons are named ‘Stone’ and ‘Steel’
This is correct. If the trash cans are made available then you throw shit away. Only theaters that have dine in service are the ones I don’t throw stuff away at.
Ibuypower
Link for that curved drop down?
You are acting incredibly immature. This subreddit should be about discussing content. If somebody asks for a source, it’s because they want to have the same information as you for a specific debate/discussion. There is no need to be defensive in a debate. All that matters is the search for truth, not the emotions of the searchers.
There are many other cities than just yours.
Why would they sleep in different locations every week? They are probably renting an apartment that is very close to the gaming offices that will become their regular sleeping place when in Berlin.
There are many other factors though. Of course team performance is the most important. However, you have to consider the other problems plaguing CG. Not to mention that Dlim probably interviewed and they hit it off.
This happens periodically. NES had a serious problem with bad games because people wanted to make money. I’m actually really liking this modern gaming era. Reminds me of the movie business where all of the movies that are big and shoved down my throat with ads, are not the good or interesting movies I want to see. This leads me to seeking the smaller movies or at least the Oscar movies that get limited screen time. This is what’s happening in gaming. Indie devs are making incredible games with small teams and consistent digital distribution. No need for market share in retail anymore. So I have to seek these games myself. I’ve been loving the indie rise up.
Your comment is actually insightful. And among the rest of these surface level analysts that think they know the worth of a player more than the actual people who buy players.
Ehh. I think those first two are the best movies. But the stuff after really adds to the lore and scope if you’re into that. I personally don’t like any of themovies after those first two but had to watch them and read about them because I like the lore.
This isn’t true though. My university has a problem with adderal being passed around as a study drug. A friend of mine just asked his psychiatrist on the first visit and he got a prescription. I was given a full psych evaluation though. Just saying that ADHD is still overdiagnosed.
It’s the season of Haneke
Plus if we compare the two directors, one has proven himself to be one of the best filmmakers while the other is still on the come up and focusing on mainstream audiences. I really liked Get Out, but it’s hard for me to take anyone seriously when they say it was the best movie of its year or one of the most unique movies in the genre because it’s not. Yes he coined “social thriller”, but Get Out is far from the first. It’s also pretty riddled with plot holes. I like the overall movie and think it’s an incredible debut.
Nobody forgot about his previous supports. But this is the first time that doubles support is better than him. He has a recent word champ lol.
I played the souls games in order. I like dark souls 2. It’s not the best but it’s nowhere near as bad as anyone says in my opinion.
Do drugs kids
If there’s one thing that devs can do to piss off us gamers, it’s putting minorities in historically inaccurate situations. I want to play as an American named Soap Mctavish and I want him to be white and male cause that’s what I’m used to and women are icky.
Saying “he’s the next x” is just a way of saying that his impact is now reaching levels that are past his contemporaries. It’s not actual saying that Shinkai is the next Miyazaki. It’s just a simple phrase that communicates impact to an audience who may not know much.
The issue is that the loophole in Christianity seems to be forgiveness. Your bad deeds are okay as long as you ask for forgiveness. Yet, that seems unfair to those that do good deeds and don’t have to ask for forgiveness as much or for as important of things. I took a Contemporary Christian Philosophy course two semesters ago. To make a long story short, it gets really complicated. I’m atheist but was genuinely as compelled by some creationist arguments as much as atheist arguments. However, the forgiveness/get to heaven concept of Christianity has always been a sore thumb.
I disagree. There are levels that are quite shit. It gets easy at a certain point but there are many levels that I could not beat without exploits in my first playthrough on release. I had to wait for the wiki to be updated in order to beat certain things. Also, demons souls has a large number of unfair basic enemies like the tower of Latria mages who’s grapple is nearly impossible to avoid and has caught me mid strike. Overall, it’s simpler though. Less to keep track of, easier progression and leveling, and op as fuck weapons. Don’t even get me started on the spear that breaks armor after like ten strikes. Or the warding spell that makes you super invincible for a small amount of time. Demons souls above all was “exploit or be exploited”.
Own this. My favorite piece. Looking for a good 45 ashcatcher though. Maybe a perc downstem
He’s drinking again
No. It’s just these kinds of games have a tangible difficulty. Story and characters are great. But it’s a genre game and the gameplay is why you play the game. Other story games and walking sims maybe your gfs thing.
I’d agree with all of these except sloppy controls , and poor level design. Controls: running jump is the only thing I can understand being sloppy. But it’s predictable and after the first couple fuckups, I got used to it. PC controls for all steam games are another issue entirely. World design is great. Not sure what was crappy about it. Sure it’s not as interconnected, but in exchange we get a large variety of level types, enemies, challenges, etc. Perhaps it is because I played Demons Souls, but I enjoyed the modular levels that explored different elements per area. Poison level, fire level, castle level. Less connections but more variety. The ideal scenario is to have both but it’s hard. Bosses are underwhelming. That’s the biggest fault for me. Lots of the balance was fixed in Scholar of the first Sin as well. I think it’s the worst souls game, but I’d still rate it an 8. It’s a really fun experience, especially if you get funky and use multiple builds. I had pve setups and different pvp setups depending on who invaded. Seeing a mage, id whip out a whip. Seeing a super armored dude, I’d remove my shield for portions of the fight to a parrying dagger (plus my uchigatana). Then I’d switch to two hand a rapier and equip thrust ring, and parry. Dark Souls 2 had many successful ways to play. This was untrue in Dark Souls 1 where there were some very obvious OPs.
Monitor the steam player counts.
I’m a new player (86 hours). The complexity of the game seems to lessen as I learn more. I’d say that the only prerequisite to being successful in Rust is being level headed and accepting failures. If you’ve played before, I’m sure you already know how punishing Rust is. The one tip I have that has helped me is practicing primitive weapons on a bow practice server. I had so many problems simply getting past the early game in Rust because I couldn’t use the bow. After about five hours of bow practice deathmatch, I was much much better. It makes sense considering you don’t get as much “practice” in a game like rust because the combat is sparse when you are dying and losing the weapon each time. Also battlefield servers for gun practice. Or play in a large group and just get carried. But the accomplishments are less rewarding than having a successful 3-6 player group, in my opinion.
If you are good with primitive weapons or just pvp in general, the time commitment is far less. Instead of farming, you kill those with farm. But the pvp is hard also. I’ve just noticed that the guys who are stomping on wipe day with a bow tend to snowball.
I’m not sure where I stand on the issue. The other person has explained their views. Can you explain yours? That is only fair. On one hand, piercings seem very inconsequential in terms of effect on the child’s life, given proper procedure. On the other hand, it is an unneeded procedure done without consent. I can think of other inconsequential things that parents do without child consent, but piercings “seem” worse. I’d love to hear what you think about it. I don’t think attacking someone’s character is a great way to express your ideas though.
It’s like you didn’t read anything he said.
I disagree with this so much. Requiem isn’t even about the drugs. It’s about drug addicts. Different kinds of drug addicts and their decisions, interactions. Borderline caricatures? Even just visiting r/opioids and r/heroin will show you that these people exist somewhere. Of course there are conveniences in writing but that has to be true for movies with multiple protagonists. What the OP is talking about is false sentiment. When your actors and writing are not strong enough off the tape, so you use editing, music, tricks, to manufacture sentiment from the audience. Requiem does not have any false sentiment. Nor does is purport that “drugs are bad”. I believe that is your projection on the movie, because to me and most others, the movie is about four characters who share the theme of addiction. Representation rather than propaganda.
Nicolas Winding Refn makes movies that are style over substance, which I think is always a flaw. He is masterful at framing a scene and I love his aesthetic intuition. However, he will never be one of the greats if he continues writing his own movies. Reading his screenplays only is very uncompelling. The greats make style with substance. Both in massive quantities absolutely oozing from the film. Also, when I say writing I don’t necessarily refer to dialogue and voiceover. There are “visual” movies with very little dialogue but with massive screenplays because the framing has motive. There is a larger thematic story. Refn can make some scenes like this; I believe Drive is very focused and realized. However, most of his visuals do not have motive to justify his mostly miss writing. His movies “looking cool” is not enough to be great and disrespects those who are full package artists. CMV
There are free champs every week so you can try them. They also give you champions when you first make an account. For newer players, it’s easier to get into a game if you don’t have to look at dozens of champions before playing. You can buy champions with in game currency as well. In terms of objectivity, Dota 2 does have better graphics and sound design. However, the clarity of the game is nowhere near league of legends, which adds to confusion while playing. Have seen hardcore dota players even say this when comparing league and dota. League sacrifices graphics for clarity and performance. Subjectivity is all you really have. I’ve played both and have friends who have played both. It tends to be a mixed bag on which is better, signaling subjectivity. If it were objective, there would not be such a vast difference in player bases. What I’ve noticed is that dota is more hardcore. However, at the highest ranks of league, the players are hardcore as well. Both have competitive hardcore player bases. I just want to dispel any notion that Dota is objectively better. Because that just is not the case. You like it better. And that is subjective.
I agree with this. I think the weight changes will come first but will be small like 10-15% for more slots or something. Then the car will make you like 1000% faster with more loot and will become small monuments themselves because of how valuable that item will be if you get one. Lots of fun car fights to come.
Stab your horse with meds, duh
What does this have to do with the current point of disparity in movespeed between nakeds and geared players? We are speculating and discussing ideas. Like stop being a dork and discuss with us. What do you think they should do? It’s just so Debbie downerish and weird to constantly shit talk the company of a game you enthusiastically play.
Simple. Make lethal items heavier than farming items. It’s not a realistic game. Fp can balance this system to avoid these issues.
YouTube “starter bases”
Yeah rust has lag, but it’s not that bad. It’s also steadily improved according to long time players (except you I guess).
14 year olds aren’t putting anyone “in their place” except other 14 year olds. Life isn’t a playground despite the anonymity you have as protection on the internet. You didn’t win anything here, it was all virtual. Now stick to the game.
He’s not an okay player. Every player who has won worlds will be in the league history books. You can’t be the best forever. Do you think Faker will be playing until he dies? Imp is securing a financial future given ridiculous opportunities to make money. If he hadn’t won worlds this would be a different conversation. Not every player has to try to win multiple worlds titles.
Ehh it’s cheap and sometimes you wanna always have a rad suit to contest monuments.
You actually sound good. Mind dming me the server name? I might want to try solo on it next wipe.
For real. “Given up on Life”. More like sleeping so I can be coherent for a lab 6-930pm after being at school 8-2 already. University of Texas where I go has nap areas everywhere.
I don’t know many, but I have 80 hours on Rust and have now been binging Blooprint and Evil Wurst Rust videos.
Is there a place to learn how to do the puzzles? I’m new and kind of don’t understand what to do. I don’t want to watch a YouTube video of someone doing it, just want to know what the objective is.
Yowza
Not gonna lie, kinda wish no images were allowed. Now this unfunny garbage can be everywhere. I like just seeing drawn stuff using the ingame tools. Just my cup of tea.
At 90 hours and pretty much the same reason I kill every naked.
Edifier egg speakers
Sure but those guys study the game. Spamming soloque with your buds while smoking weed is hardly studying.
When you see the world through your own assumptions only, you can convince yourself you know everything.
That’s the rub
Start my nine week academy course tomorrow. Meets 7 times in five days for nine weeks. Stoked to not have a summy/s
I own this as well. Mostly great. Price is great.
Alfred all in one book. The sidebar for this sub. Have fun. I’m at about three months. Theory is necessary. The beginning is the least fun. Once you can learn pieces, it gets better.
Well, I know for a fact, my university covered up a student jumping off of Brazos garage during finals. A lot of factors are here -The respect of the parents wishes -Not spreading media about cluster suicides because it causes others to commit suicide -reputation of the school Suicides are not covered all the time. It sounds farfetched but it really isn’t. For fucksake, the people killed by guns in my town on occasion are lucky to get a local article. Like I’m not sure if you just think that because something bad happens, a story gets published. There are too many stories to publish and journalists miss things as they can’t be everywhere.
Doinb is way too mad and good.
The pink bald men die eventually
All players play crucial parts. At this level it’s a team game entirely.
No he said “Levi is the real buff” Maybe you should try reading. Of course it was a joke, but it’s a bad one.
Mikrokosmos
Gotta learn to read music and learn music theory. Not really sure what the benefit of foregoing reading or music theory. I’m a beginner at about 3 months. So I will explain even in my limited point of view, why these things are important. We’ll take them one at a time. Reading -it is the universal language of music. It is how musicians communicate with eachother. Sure on guitar you probably know where everything is and communicate by naming chords. Guitar is an instrument that is easy to start playing because you learn some chords and get rolling. Tablature is also huge in guitar, not really a thing on piano and if it is, how do you communicate your music to someone if you don’t have a piano to play the tabs? -In piano, intervalic reading is pretty much the shizniz. On guitar, you name a four chord progression and just jam. In piano, you have both parts happening at once. You have to read both. You simply cannot get the information into your head if you read chords. Pianists read intervals to get information instantly. I know what every interval is. When I read while playing, I’m not reading C, D, blah blah. I’m reading C, then playing the intervals in relation to that. Imagine having chord progressions on both hands at once with different tempos. Have to learn intervals to be successful. -How the heck are you gonna learn songs if you can’t read? You gonna listen to the song over and over? Listen to the first 7 seconds, repeat, repeat, repeat? That’s so inefficient. In piano, you go through a piece, or at least I do, without even touching the piano. I clap for tempo, or try to sing. You can have the piece all in front of you, and tackle it by isolating sections. I’ve just never heard of anyone being successful at piano without reading. The alternatives to reading like the apps or synthesia are just glorified tabs and you aren’t going to learn the music then. You’re going to copy it. Music Theory: I know like a drop in the bucket here -there’s a science to music. Some are content just playing “what sounds right”. However, pianists pretty much hit a wall pretty quickly if they don’t have some music theory. Like if you don’t know scales and keys and how the instrument even works, it’s going to be difficult to play anything you haven’t copied. Yeah you can just play your chords you learned on guitar I guess. But if you just transfer those, then you’re just copying not learning. And it will be random, based purely off trial and error. If you know your music theory, you understand how to walk and form melodies without even being near the instrument. You learn how to modulate and borrow chords. And a bunch of other stuff I don’t know. Some pianists are anal and want their students to know theory before even touching the instrument. I think that’s whack. But, in the beginning, you’ll want to dedicate more time to theory than playing. Once you get the basics of theory and to read (where notes are, what time signatures and shit mean, the symbols, etc.) then you can learn pieces really fast. Like for me, I took about a month of playing 30% and theory 70%. Yeah it’s kinda boring. But after that, I can just pick up a piece at my level and immediately play it. I don’t have to listen to the song or read the tabs and find where my fingers go. I read through it once, see where my intervals are at (bar 1-6 on right hand is only on the 5th octave for example), then I just play. The parts that are hard or novel to me as a beginner, I practice over and over again, then try it from the top. I start at low tempo like 80bpm, and work my way up to target tempo. I used to play standup bass in middle school so I had some experience reading but I didn’t apply myself to that instrument. Then I played some guitar and only did tabs or played what my teacher showed me. I can tell you right now, that learning musical pieces with sheets is a billion times quicker than with tabs or aurally. It’s an annoying hurdle that so many people, me included have hyped up to be this really insurmountable task. It’s not. You can learn the basics to read and start playing in two weeks since you have good fingers from guitar. One thing that stood out from your post was “further your musical development”. Bro if you learn to read and learn music theory with piano, you can transfer that to literally almost every other instrument. Just do it.
Yeah underrated gem for sure /s
You know how this post is about seeing people differently? Dude that comment gave me brain aids. Like what are you even talking about? The Great Gatsby is a highschool reading book because it’s a classic. Do you think when The Great Gatsby in 1925, only children read it? Are you in highschool or something but a senior, feel like some professional? I minored in philosophy at UT and can tell you that some of the least “deep” material was difficult. If you are assessing movies by how deep(honestly fuck this word it’s the worst descriptor besides weird) a story is, then you are misguided. -The Great Gatsby was and still is one of the most important American novels ever written. It captures the historical time period of the roaring twenties(something you learn about in highschool btw) and also explores consumerism, which for 1925 was pretty groundbreaking and compelling. -Fight Club is not film school 101 movie lol. Had many friends in RTF at UT. I’ve also just explored the online archives of different film schools. Fight Club is not curriculum. 101? Why would 101 start in the 90s and not ya know...farther back? 101 had shit like nosferatu, dracula, metropolis, Citizen Kane, Casa Blanca, etc. etc. Answer me this, did you go to filmscchool? Or just anonymously spouting bullshit? If you did, then I’ll eat my words proudly, but this comment does not sound like someone who appreciates art and the inherent building that is art. Everything today stands on the shoulders of what was made yesterday. Don’t forget that. Linnaeus Descartes was wrong about a whole lot. He thought simply and through a religious lens. Yet he’s still the person that got philosophy of mind/consciousness rolling. If you don’t think the authors of your favorite contemporary works respect/were influenced by Great Gatsby, then you’re wrong there too. I’m cool with subjective opinion but this is just retardation with a side of ignorance. A film critic without concept of history or context.
Metropolis Shrek 4d
And if you haven’t seen 12 Angry Men, and want another recommendation, The Dark Knight is another overlooked film I’d like every living soul to see. Oh yeah PSA
Anybody ever heard of duality
Pretty much the only thing I do this with is if someone watches foreign movies. I love American movies and think there are many many good ones. However, I’ve been challenged by the medium the most by movies made outside the US. Whether this is entirely quality, or if there is a culture aspect, I’m not sure. So I really get along with people who watch foreign movies. I tend to follow their recommendations blindly.
Yeah he might be the best mid in NALCS now.
They need to find more champs to build more of these map strategies.
Survive until you have ult. Minion demin against peeps who push. She has strong level 2. Use q to pass through and activate it again to explode so you get both damages. Use wall to exploit autopathing and always land q. If you can’t get a lot of farm, don’t play her. She needs levels and items so you can 1v9. In teamfights sit in the back and create zones. Watch manna when ult on.
Because gamers are weirdly idealistic when it comes to gaming stores. It’s really weird. These are all products. Buy them wherever. If we had this level of idealism for things that matter, I wonder what we could accomplish. But no, us gamers don’t have time for that.
Most people do.
This just isn’t true. KT would lose games off Deft bad positioning in one fight. Like I love Deft, but Score was the best on that team. He also elevated a brand new Ucal to be effective
As a bio major that took genetics more than once, I concur.
Hammer action is like an acoustic piano, or at least trying to be. It simulates the actual instrument. Synth action is like all of those keyboards and keyboard drum machines that people used for live shows. It doesn’t feel like a piano at all, but is easier to use. People like them for MIDI controllers and music production. However, synth action for a pianist is not acceptable. It’s not like the instrument. You cannot learn technique on a synth action and transfer it to hammer action. If you are looking for a midi controller or a toy, synth action is fine. If you want to learn how to play piano - the instrument, you need an 88 key hammer action weighted digital piano. Even then, find acoustic pianos to play on as well. I play at my university in the music building when it’s not full even though I’m not a music student.
Holy shit shut the fuck up. Never read such pussy shit. Content creators will make whatever they want, and release it whenever they want. They created something. You sit at home and consume it. Travis doesn’t need to do anything. It also quite likely that Travis does this to make a living. Which means he’s definitely thought about this more than you and probably doesn’t need your stupid input. Clicks are what matter. Ideals don’t pay bills.
Just because it hasn’t been said, and I do like to make meaningless additions to threads - that is super rough. I mean he’s banned for a year and a half.
You’ve always been able to ward-w instantly. I haven’t played league in over two years and remember doing this. There was a lee tutorial where you put wards on 3, and use 3-w in one motion(kind of like a grace note in piano) and it’s instant.
This is random Papa but whatever. I know league will last awhile, but when it’s finally heading out the door, what genre of game would you want to move into? I feel like you’re super knowledgeable(and make information digestible); you also make the game exciting and communicate stakes well. I sometimes ponder what a PapaSmithy CSGO cast would be like, and was just curious what you like in an esport or what pulls you toward a game.
This has to be a shitpost. All midi is quite the brag.
God damn you’re a pussy. Sensitive much?
Pattern of behavior. Like you’re so dumb and ignorant you don’t know what you don’t know. Ever seen a little show called forensic files? Even petty reports can establish a pattern of behavior down the road.
No, people just need to stop worshipping stupid shit. Like you are a cosplay connoisseur apparently and can identify good work and technique...why aren’t you making cosplays then?
Blackstar is necessary listening. Really crazy good death album.
Experience matters. Other players preferences matter. There’s more than just the streamed games that decide the spots. We probably see 15% of the “audition” if you will.
Stick to watching. That analysis is bad dude. Sivir don’t 131
Lol. You saved him the time...
I know you got downvoted, but THIS is actually inspiring.
What’s up with this Bjerg 1v9 garbage that people have been saying since this weekend? Like he was Azir, he’s the main carry. And let’s not act like he did it alone. Froggen was actually 1v9. Not even a ggs or froggen fan, just think people parrot bullshit without watching the games.
Mikrokosmos. Also, the FAQ on the sidebar. I pretty much clicked open every link and gave it a try. I’ve read about 60 pages of Fundamentals of Piano Practice. Also at the early stages, finger strength is weak, so people recommend finger strength exercises
Offensive words are still offensive. But they are less meaningful inside of a game from anonymous users. Being called “gay” in the text chat makes me laugh. I don’t ever get offended. Yeah I understand using that insult is not right because of the negative connotation for a group. What I’m saying is that anonymous textchat within an active game should not offend people. And if it does, then maybe chat needs to be disabled. Aside from racism and telling people to kill themselves, I don’t want this shit policed. A waste of time. It’s a mature game. Adults say mean things all the time. Nobody gets actual consequences. Have you ever seen someone with road rage get sent to the principals office?
Maybe just follow the lights. Your ticket was well deserved and I hope you get more with that attitude. Driving is very simple. It’s when people think their time matters more than the people around them, that causes problems.
It’s very obvious which is worse though
Okay bro you actually suck
It’s human chauvinism at best. Our minds need a reason for lightning, and fire, and plentiful harvests. And facing death. It’s just easier to believe in that warm embrace. The science points us to an infinitely complex world. It is arrogant to believe that you’ve figured out god exists without proof just because you want it to be true. Going to church is akin to raindancing for the crops to grow. In time, it will be seen as outdated as well. The shadow cast by science leaves more and more doubt that something so simply conceived, such as an omniscient deity, is behind all of this. It is too simple, and all of God’s “sightings” in the holy books are conveniently restrained to the mindsets of the time period - a very obvious sign that these ideas were imagined/created by people. Not that god revealed himself to those people. However, it would take an impossible amount of time to search every haystack in the universe for God, meaning we cannot definitely rule out the possibility. We’d have to search every possible place. There could always be a spot we didn’t look, that will be mentioned. It is a waste to try to prove there is no god. It is also relatively harmless to believe or not believe. I know plenty that fit into the four categories. I am on the confident side of atheism but if proven wrong, I’d accept (I took a Phil of contemporary Christianity and some arguments are compelling). Whereas my gf is very atheist, to where she can’t understand how anyone would believe. My mom is a theist til the day she dies. She keeps god with her everywhere she goes. I love all of these people. We all just want to know where we came from and where we are going. Not everyone takes hard science classes like me(hard as in not social). They don’t have the same insights in the same way I know little of the economy. The more science I learn, the farther into atheism I get pushed. It’s not a conscious thing, it’s just my expectation that my mind will be continually blown by the things science discovers and proves. The quantifiable justifications becomes more and more numerous; the faith based justifications become more and more doubtful. Cheers, good thread.
What he’s saying is that one activity is good for your brain while the other is harmful. It’s not about opinions. You have freewill to do what you want obviously.
Way to dodge the question. Being mad at those who manage their time better for telling you about it is pretty stupid. You should instead figure out how to manage your time better. The circumstances are already present. Have to figure out ways to get the things you want to do into a day. For most of us, the content on our phone is a procrastinator for doing the actual things I want or said I would do.
There are amateur programmers. What are you on. Not all programming is making commercial software. Some people just make their own systems for personalized to themselves. Seen a lot of people get started on rainmeter, then they release a moving one, and more complex one. All free. I doubt this person was trying to sell me the five wallpapers he made over the course of a year for rain meter. The only reasons for people to not do their hobby is from within. It’s everybody telling themselves - they can’t.
Panorama mode using rotation in a stationary position. Flattening a curved motion is bound to introduce curved subjects.
Just start with Major and Minor. There are multiple minors. I would honestly start with [Music Theory Distilled by Casey Connor](https://youtu.be/mdEcLQ_RQPY). If you are freshly learning about theory, this set of videos is for you. Simplifies music theory down.
I actually just graduated and I’m afraid not to be a student lol!
If you are wanting to learn piano, I’d recommend no less than an 88 key digital piano with weighted keys. A midi controller won’t make noise on its own. Five octaves quickly becomes too small.
Bro look at the sub you’re in. Fucking narc ass narc.
They all have demos. But it doesn’t really matter. I’d probably do Reaper though since it’s really darn good. I’ve barely used it as I have ableton live 10 suite but it’s my backup and I plan to use it for vocal recording.
No there’s not. I guess you’re done searching now, pack up.
Start. Work on what you’re worst at. Learn theory. It’s the language of music. At least learn rhythm. Stop asking for advice or help or anything while at 0. Have a project, with a specific question and don’t waste people’s time who you’re asking. It comes off as someone lazy to do the hard work and is asking for freebies rather than somebody who tried to figure it out and got close but came short. Trust yourself, but have people who you know are honest and show them. If they don’t tell you a track is bad at least once, they aren’t being honest. Learn to take criticism. Don’t talk about projects before they are made or before there is a sample or release. Everybody talks. We are here to make music. Some peeps like talking more than making music it appears. Stay away from YouTube as a “I’m gonna chill and learn” resource. It will become a crutch. You don’t learn off YouTube. The tutorials and stuff are helpful as hell but if you don’t implement its like you didn’t learn anything. Some people binge through music education and make nothing. Don’t do that. Good luck.
That was dank. Coulda been in Addams Family or something.
Yes but you’d think he’d understand what comedians do considering he was one.
I knew an African grey that would make the xbox 360 controller connect sound. I think it also did it when updates were done, stuff like that.
Thanks. Cell Bio and Physio were by far my faves of my degree.
Place chord on piano roll at bar 1, then slide the start marker over so it doesnt play it. You could also place the notes of your scale, fold the piano roll, then move your start over.
So please explain to me how it “yields nice results” while being volume inconsistent? Like what’s nice about it? That’s it’s compressed? Why not add it after? It’s weird man, you asked a question and people are telling you what’s up and you just aren’t listening. You will continue to have the problem because compression is altering what the take actually sounds like, which makes it difficult to adjust your performance in the next take. It’s a tracking issue for sure. Even on hardware strips, the raw vocal can be monitored, even if it is being processed before it hits the DAW. Gotta learn to take criticism and learn shit. None of us or you knows it all. If you don’t care, okay. Well get a vocal riding plugin that will make all of your vocals on the track the same volume, emulating fader automation.
Reaper
Reaper. 60 day never ending trial then it’s 60 bucks.
Yikes
Improve your ear. Look into Perfect Ear (iOS) and McGammut on pc. And sing constantly. There’s also pitch training. If you can identify what different intervals sound like, you can practice trying to create them yourself. You can record yourself trying to sing a melody or hum a melody. If a note is too flat or sharp, on the next take, attempt to raise or lower your voice. Analyze again. Over time, you will know by muscle. It’s not necessarily about perfect time either. Detuned singing sounds good. It’s about clean interval changing and performance (attitude and emotion that makes a vocal more than what piano could be playing the same melody. Vocals can be tuned always now too. But you can’t make a stale performance good. TLDR: Improve Ear interval identification and interval pitch training. McGammut. Perfect Ear.
Changes the body. The brain and body aren’t in sync or on the same page. The dyshporia is in the brain. The body doesn’t match. The hormones and reassignment bring these closer to the same page.
Talking about purpose here is kind of ridiculous. You are viewing biology through a human chauvinist lens. There isn’t a design. The mutations that happen during mitosis and meiosis are not “reproduction goal oriented”. What? You think those little chromatids during crossing over are thinking “hey we better get these things right so the human can meet a mate”. Come on that’s ridiculous. It’s not goal oriented. If the animal mates and survives, it gets to go to the next generation. It’s a numbers game not an adventure. The way you’re thinking about it is not how Biologists think about it. You are thinking about it like evolution has a goal and that’s just not correct. Evolution by natural selection is an observable process. Selection is more nuanced than “helps me mate and reproduce” yes, “doesn’t help me mate and reproduce” no. And we haven’t even brought up social Darwinism and sexual selection. Sexual differentiation had no purpose. It was an accident. One that happened to be fruitful due to mutations being favored in the long run. Thinking that sex differentiation had a blueprint or that the outcome was known during transition from fission to sex reproduction, is just plain wrong. There are outcomes. The outcome of sex differentiation was a more effective system than fission was for producing a varied gene pool, but it was not the purpose. Source: I have a useless Bio degree with credit for Evolution, Ecology, Genetics, Immunology, and Cell Biology.
No it wasn’t. The conflict of the book happens on two fronts. In the city, and in the reservation, which are stark contrasts. The city shows the way that the state has controlled its people. Not by “giving too much info to sift through” but by conditioning. If you were to be a smart scientist, you were in a group with other babies who will too. But for those who didn’t need to read, like mechanics or something or manual labor, were conditioned to not like books. People were also conditioned to take Soma whenever they felt badly. Babies aren’t born anymore in this system, they are made, sorted, and placed into the groups based on what society needs (more blissful workers). Out main characters are of the higher caste system. Obviously a reduction in art, passion, free will. The second front is when our city slickers go to a reservation, essentially a place where peeps have ran off to, to avoid city life. There is a man there who is the only “true born” human apparently. And the spark of passion is in him. He feels intense emotions. But he’s the only one that does. He tries to communicate himself emotionally toward one of the city slickers, and he ends up feeling isolated, unlike the others. The point of the story is that efficiency slippery slope ends up somewhere undesirable. Not whatever the heck you just said. They only knew what was conditioned into them. Never distracted, except during the plot line which is a rare occurance in the world.
You dumb
Keep doin you. These kids bitter
Do you know any game developers or just saying this? If you don’t think quality of work life is a consideration, then I don’t know man. Game devs have families and kids and mortgages. It’s not all passion.
It’s relevant because people like the post. I don’t need this resource, but it’s pretty self important for anyone to comment anything negative on a post like this.
Since you want the feedback: I’ve seen two of your videos now and they haven’t helped me at all. I’d say if you want to focus on short videos, choose short subjects. Using Melodyne isn’t going to be a two minute video. Maybe showing a technique that you use might. Further more, all of your videos have better alternatives. You need to find a way to make your videos valuable to those watching. I saw you said you got great feedback. Well, we know at least two people don’t think so, for the same reasons. Perhaps start saying “I’ve gotten good feedback except from a couple people” so it’s not misleading, because I struggle to see how you got good feedback. This is a case of needing to practice and find your formula before just getting to the video uploading. The brand will suffer if the videos aren’t good. You may grab a few hundred wannabe musicians who think a skill can be learned so quickly, but most people know you can’t learn to mix vocals in 60 seconds and will see it as spam.
Very good
Arturia. Comes with good software freebies as well.
Izotope vinyl
That means it’s time to start at the Ableton Live 10 manual. You tried to be speedy and learn quick, but it’s complicated as you see.
Use the audio to MIDI function on ableton. Doesn’t work great but it will get you there. Not sure why you’d need the MIDI though unless you were going to use your own sounds with someone else’s midi
Sub name
Trials and demos. You aren’t born good at using production software. Not sure why you’d list that as a character trait or something. Practice with the software makes you good with it. However if you want something free and you’re just recording old beats, audacity.
On iOS, I use GarageBand and Koala. GarageBand is just simple. You use the + icon at top right and can narrow down each phase of arrangement into sections. Touch screen midi sequencing is just okay. Koala is a unique sample/sequencer app. I really love it a lot. Probably the easiest app to make a sampled beat on. I like recording a random sound like a faucet at work and making sound totally different. Besides that, music theory apps like “music theory” and “tenuto” are staples of mine. “Perfect Ear” is also great. It’s not as extensive as McGammut on computer but it’s sufficient. Visualization is also an underrated practice activity. Especially if you play an instrument. If I’m in the car, I will imagine the piano exercise I was practicing earlier. Try my hardest to feel it and hear it. Not as good as actual practice but when you don’t have access, it’s good. Actually visualization is good for just about any skill you’re training.
We kept it rolling through 2008 too ya
Take my downvote for the self importance
That’s stealing from business though...who will respond by cutting labor aka decreasing salaries and jobs.
People start spending more. Data analytics nowadays probably creates very little lag as well. It’s the same way the IRS sees you’ve spent a bunch of new money. Everything is monitored and documented. “Hey, this guy who we know ain’t got money for a hummer just bough a humma, hmm, let’s charge more for hummers” but on a very large scale. Spending can be tracked, so prices can be fluctuated.
Play the piano. That’s the tip. If there were shortcuts you’d see them with a thousand upvotes everyday. There ain’t.
I use the MK3 with a full template in ableton. Haven’t used the studio. My template has two drum groups, two leads, a bass, and a drum rack. It lets me work with maschine the way I would want to, but in ableton with ableton transport, effects, warp, etc.
If you get big with pirated software I think you could get in trouble.
You’re a literal dumbass
Ass out of you
Yeah I can. I’ll be at my home computer later. I’ll make a drop box.
No. Controller editor work is even required. I have a few templates for using ableton stuff but this template is within ableton and is just a grouped series of tracks that have routed midi into maschine and routed audio back to ableton. I’m going to post the template in a short while.
So, I don’t even open maschine once with this template. The template has one instance of maschine plugin open from which to route. It’s as if I’m using the mk3 and all its features, in ableton with abletons transport, sequencing, etc. There are a few quirks. The tracks that give midi back to ableton, the “kits” can’t have maschine effects I believe (I honestly can’t remember but I do all my processing in ableton). The tracks that can have effects don’t give midi to ableton, only audio into audio track. For a template it’s like 85% there. I just wish you could route individual drum pieces from maschine with this template. I haven’t figured out a way to modify the template in that regard. Each group is a track. I mainly do drums with the drum rack and mk3 pads, but love the leads and basses in maschine and komplete. I’ll post the template since I’m rambling. You’ll see.
This was cool. Not gonna lie, you could squeeze an extra vid on the subject discussing dynamic EQ to control vocals. There are times when you don’t want to EQ the voice for the whole time cause you might lose character. So dynamic EQ can help control a vocal to only EQ when it’s out of control.
[https://www.dropbox.com/transfer/AAAAAIVXHzWXQGJwZI2ongvPkQa3rnsgpSIb5wiuUlvSCDdJKFBBNQ8](https://www.dropbox.com/transfer/AAAAAIVXHzWXQGJwZI2ongvPkQa3rnsgpSIb5wiuUlvSCDdJKFBBNQ8) There it is. I think the link lasts one day. Ngl, the template might open armed, so turn your mic off just in case.
[https://www.dropbox.com/transfer/AAAAAIVXHzWXQGJwZI2ongvPkQa3rnsgpSIb5wiuUlvSCDdJKFBBNQ8](https://www.dropbox.com/transfer/AAAAAIVXHzWXQGJwZI2ongvPkQa3rnsgpSIb5wiuUlvSCDdJKFBBNQ8) &amp;#x200B; The template I was talking about, for MK3 users with ableton.
[a comparison of live 10 versions](https://www.ableton.com/en/live/compare-editions/)
Bro if you figure out how to extract the chains from individual pads(as opposed to whole group) let me know! Until then, I’ll use the drum rack!
Hate plugins without controls. How do free plugin saturators have more extensive UI than this?
Eww, a lazy musician
Everyone has said what the answer is, but just to add: You can see on the track inside a group that the “audio to” will list the group. For any routing this will be the case. Like if you routed some midi track to an audio track. Same thing as with the group. You can send audio to specific parts of a chain if you want to skip effects. Not really that related but it’s a question I wondered and learned pretty recently.
Ableton Live 10 trial demo Ableton live 10 Online manual You Suck at Producing YouTube channel - watch once while taking notes. Then attempt to create the example on your own. If you run into problems (you will), look at the table of contents in manual and try to figure it out. In the beginning, I think it’s important to keep it simple. You don’t take a class that has 50 textbooks ya know? The manual is the best thing ever and you get really fast at referencing it as you work through problems. ASAP get some okay headphones or okay speakers (depending on living situation, availability). You can start NOW. Don’t wait ever because you need more gear or plugins or whatever. You can start now and learn a lot. Music Theory distilled by Casey something? On YouTube. Best introduction to music theory I’ve seen even though I was taught classically. Necessary. Supplement with musictheory.net. Take it short term. Have patience and low expectations. Want to learn - don’t just post easy questions on the sub because you don’t want to reference the manual. It was written by the people who made the software. Do not just watch YouTube videos en masse. The videos should literally be less than 25%. Most of the time should be in ableton doing stuff. I’m serious when I say keep it simple, the music resources are immense and overwhelming in the beginning. You will get a chance to expand and explore and it will happen naturally. Just learn the software first. The music basics first like music theory and rhythm. GG. GLHF
Get more RAM. 16gb minimum. You can download something like HWmonitor and see what’s happening. But you can also just open task manager and see what windows says. If it’s not maxed out RAM then I don’t know.
I use mk3 within ableton with my template. I like having both.
Get good with M/S EQ’ing. Right click on the utility stereo section and change it to M/S monitoring. Get an idea how much of a sound is going to the side and how much is mono. Make the focal points mono. You can EQ however you need to add contrast and depth to instruments. A common example is a synth with its body frequencies all mono, that is, you cut the side frequencies. Then you cut the super high mono frequencies and boost their side counterparts. Now you have a great center base of tone, but the higher frequencies are louder in the side. Like a tree. You can also do the trick you’ve been doing with panning one left and one right, and detune one side. Or delay one side. Make a difference between the speed of sound going to each ear. The more drastic the difference, the wider and bigger it seems.
It’s best as a reference. When you wonder, “how do I do this” you can look at the table of contents and just learn real quick, apply, and it’s done. Do that 100 times and you know it that much better. I wouldn’t just read the whole manual first entirely before going in. It’s a reference. You made the right call. Jump in and have fun.
Lol so many complex users. Degrades the sound boys.
Had to be mixed and monitored in a treated studio though right?
Well the virus spreads from those infected to those who are susceptible. So there’s a value for those infected. There’s a value for those who are susceptible, and there’s another term for the rate at which transmission happens. There’s also a rate of cure, in this case it’s represented by how many die with the virus as those people cannot transmit the virus anymore. A virus can be slow acting, which means it’s more susceptible, because the rate of transmission will be higher than the rate of death. A virus can be super quick and deadly, but it won’t transmit as much because the rate of death far exceeds the rate of transmission. If a person only lives for 3 days with the virus, they only have three days to transmit. Now imagine that these statisticians have estimated for how many people are infected in a given area. It won’t be exact, but they can figure out “well okay 30 people out of a town of 4000 are infected. Each of these 30 people come in contact with x amount of people before they die” That amount will change based on if the person is in a rural small town, a large city, an airport, etc. Tried not to use a lot of math but had to a little.
I agree with your “do it” attitude. But your evaluation of teachers is so far off. How could you not gleam anything useful from an expert piano player? Babysit? They are doing more than that. They are observing your technique and stopping you immediately when it’s poor, or if posture is bad, or if you fall back on a poor fingering. This is a case of “you don’t know what you don’t know”. Also, a good teacher will work on performance and set up a show for you and their other students at a coffee shop or club. Or something. It’s important to practice playing in front of others Also, at some point it won’t be fun. I hate to be a holier than thou I guess, but the best line in The Fundamentals of Piano Practice is “practice the thing you’re worst at for the greatest improvement”. Playing the same thing over and over because it’s fun won’t make you better at piano. Practicing a scale and it’s arpeggios and cadences that you struggle with, will be grueling at first but the improvement will make everything else easier. There are hurdles to cross like with any instrument. Good players have had their share of unfun times, but work through it because they are motivated to improve. The most fun I have with piano is being able to play something after grueling through it multiple days. It seemed impossible when I started but now is effortless. An incredible feeling.
We need the picture. I don’t believe your hand stretched a 15th lol. I gotta see this.
Google or YouTube piano finger independence exercises. There’s like an endless amount of variations. The simplest one in the Alfred book has you press down with all five fingers on any keys and hold, then go through each finger only using that finger. No tension in the wrist, just strong fingers and focusing on only moving the one you want. For the pinky and ring finger try to lift it as high as you can before bringing it down to push the key. Don’t force it. Over time, your fingers will get stronger which results in more finger independence as well. So you’d have five keys pressed, start with thumb by releasing the key and keeping the other four keys pressed. Play it like 8 times. Then switch to index, keep other four pressed. Repeat. For the thumb, you dont need to lift it off the key, but for your digits, practice lifting the finger high feeling a stretch.
Huge reverb automation before the change on the lead/delay on the clap can help
Oh darn, I thought there would be a swarm of comments saying they make thousands of dollars with this quick and easy music income method. Rats!
Use the three box method. Draw three boxes so that the top box fits in the second and the second fits in the third. Each box is an idea or element of the song. As the song goes on, the previous ideas should slot into the next box. Let’s do an example. To be clear this is for ideas so that you can write lyrics and have a map of where you’re going. Not necessarily a box per section. Box 1: Hey girl, what’s up. How are you feeling. I’d like to know. Box 2: You didn’t have to lie to me. I just wanted honesty. I’d just like to know Box 3: Who was he? I can’t lie I’m jealous and would just like to know. Each box has the same line “I’d just like to know”. This idea can be the chorus. Each time it’s said, new information is available. The first box, the speaker wants to know if the girl has feelings for him. He can’t be sure. The second box, drops an accusation with “you”. The implications can vary. Leave gaps because your audience will fill them in with their own life experience. The third box, now switches to the speaker wanting to know who the other guy is. The expectations at the end of each box change. The first box leads you to believe that it could go well or it might not. At the end of the second box, we know it’s gone bad but we aren’t sure specifically what the lie is about. Did she cheat? Did she reject him? How? By the third box, we see that the “Id just like to know” line is a tough guy bravado. He’s being nonchalant but is in conflict about this person not having feelings for him or at least making it unclear if she does because she was with another man and lied about it. Not explicitly cheating - we don’t know if they were together or if the speaker is a new suitor or whatever. Leave gaps.
That’s a sampled or synthesized accordion with a gate to limit the sustain. Much processing as well. Sounds about like the 4th octave.
Bro now you’re worse than the guy you’re replying to. Like calling people autistic is worse than saying a tattoo is bad. Shaking my head at you that you think you’re the bigger person. For real, you’re lame.
Agreed. I disliked Revival a lot. Like 4/10. Kamikaze was dull except for a couple tracks. Haven’t listened to the new one yet. I’m a fan by the way. I don’t know what’s up with Em, but he’s gotten worse and worse as time has gone on. It’s weird because he is technically great at rapping. The song s just don’t have the character they did in the past. He tried to do the start stop rapping and sounded disjointed. Then he did the “look how much faster I am than you” rapping and that got dull. Not to mention he uses ‘in’ rhymes like a crutch. Spitting, workin, jerking, etc. It’s partly why he can rap so fast. I’m super into JID right now who I think moves almost as quick as Em but has like four times the character. Also, check out Griselda on Eminem’s label. Really great dark rap.
But it’s not like he’s never done that before. Eminem has one note now. It’s “you suck and I don’t suck”. Maybe Revival has some other notes of insecurity but the music sucked hard. In the past, there were actual ideas developed. We saw the juxtaposition of two identities that Eminem struggled to adapt to. We saw him struggle in his marriage and as a father and with his money and drugs and fame. It was actually compelling. I don’t know what Eminem is now but he’s the equivalent to the prequel trilogy of Star Wars. The lightsabers are cool but there’s no substance. Eminem still moves fast and has the rhymes but they mean nothing and I’ve heard all the words before since he never expands his vocabulary or ideas.
Doing the lords work. I want the whitest kids (like albinos) to clap and sing Eminem and tell me he’s the best and Revival was an 11/10. I’m white too but like my middle name is Hispanic so I’m kind of gangsterr.
Eminem has the stronger first couple albums, but Kanye as a whole is a better artist. He actually went in different directions and challenged himself. Eminem is chasing past glory and relying on the same thing that got him big - the quick flow and clever wordplay with the same words he’s been saying since the 90s. I’m serious if you look at Eminem’s vocab, he’s only added brand words and stuff like “iPhone”. Kanye isn’t fast but has clever wordplay, creates his own words and slang, and has memorable lyrics. I literally cannot remember an Eminem line past like the Eminem show or something besides radio hooks like not afraid. I feel like people are on Kanye’s case because of his born again Christian thing. If we compare crazy between Kanye and Em, they are both out there. Em fans gonna tell me that Kim is a perfectly normal song then scoff at Christian lyrics in Jesus is King. Ridick. I’m atheist by the way, just so I don’t get called a Christian shill. I want Eminem and Dre to stuff again but make something new. Dre has been busy making hits with Paak and he sounds amazing still.
Give up then. The section in the manual is called “Splitting Clips”. It cannot be quicker to post a question every time you must reference the manual. Just reference the manual.
Same in the US too. The only places where cops are super fit are in places where like one crime happens. There’s this rich town in DFW called Southlake. It was within driving distance of my highschool so we’d chill in Southlake towns square. Always a group of cops at Bonefish that were huge buff dudes like every weekend. Never any calls I guess.
Always somewhere worse and always somewhere better. Other places are irrelevant when we are talking about our place. Are there corrupt cops? Yes Are there good cops? Yes Are there good cops that cover for bad cops? Yes all the time. That’s the issue. It’s a good boys gang when it shouldn’t be. Cops should have higher standards not lower because “they aren’t perfect”. Police shouldn’t be a “fallback” yet it is for so so many policemen. This is a job where even a small amount of corruption disrupts the trust between citizens and police. The chiefs should be strong enough to make public examples of their buddies when they use excessive force, or harass and detain a suspect in a room for hours trying to get a confession. Or shoot someone when they shouldn’t have. Stop taking an offense in your patriot balls. We all want a better place to live and not to live in a 3rd world country. Doesn’t mean we accept the injustices of our own countries.
They do have an effect on the environment. Ecologically. It’s not a matter of good and bad. It’s just a fact that an ecosystem is different when you breed a souped up version and remove things that can check it. I can’t remember all the formula stuff but just trust me I have the textbook in the other room. It’s like a hand of god coming down and making a Superman version of an animal or plant. A lot of times, there are harsh effects on everything else it interacts with. I’m gonna keep eating corn though you feel? I just like knowing some things about it.
Nah the only way to sustain it is with lab grown. We will physically run out of earth to place the agriculture animals on. It’s already happening as certain countries middle classes grow and consume more of these products. All I gotta say is that I’m lactose intolerant and fart a lot
Maybe update your body knowledge? Cause that last part where you said “they aren’t” is not correct.
You are the one anthropomorphizing though by calling cows stupid. You are comparing them to yourself and other animals. They are cows. Evolution has led the best cow that could survive to this time. Don’t give them tests they aren’t good at and say they are stupid because they don’t do well. Seriously this reeks of someone who’s never learned a thing about anything except from their farmer family or something. “This is real life”. Man what a low IQ, hick thing to say. Like anybody here is in conflict about whether this right here is real life and not a dream. Dummy I swear, reminds me of the Texas hicks I couldn’t get away from in Dallas.
All audio starts as independent signal and is sent somewhere. Your instrument audio is sent through your effects chain for example. Making a return track just allows you to send track audio to an effect. It’s useful because for things like reverb, sometimes you want the same reverb or room for many different tracks. An additional benefit is how smooth the effect can sound as opposed to placing it on the track. An additional benefit is the lower resource consumption. And just like with everyone thing else, that audio is then sent somewhere else. Maybe through effects on the send or even another send. The signal chain ends on the master track, where all of the audio from everywhere is eventually routed.
Ask yourself what you want to achieve. Do you want to play piano, the classical instrument? Do you want to learn some cool songs as a hobby? Do you like guitar hero and just want a game sort of thing? Nothing wrong with any of these categories, I just find that some people are looking for a more chill experience rather than the full on classical piano training. To learn classical piano, you need an 88 weighted key digital piano at the least. Digital pianos are already not like the real piano in a noticeable way. So weighted 88 is really the minimum required. You wouldn’t buy a 2 string guitar to learn guitar right? Synthesia is a game. It’s guitar hero for piano. If you want that, I don’t see a problem with doing that. A lot of people have fun. It will not teach you piano though. It might even produce bad habits. No sheet music or music theory either which means you can only learn new songs by logging into the guitar hero to play. Get a real instrument to learn right. That keyboard you listed is very cheap and it will be frustrating to learn on it, which will deter you from playing. 400 dollars is about how cheap a decent digital piano costs. It should last awhile which is why good instruments are expensive. It’s not like an Xbox that becomes outdated. You can play a digital piano 15 years from now if properly taken care of.
Think of this logically. Is the price of a 76 key piano + the 88 key you will eventually need to buy greater than just saving up for the 88 key? Don’t waste money when you have budget issues. Purchasing a 76 key piano is a waste of money. M 88 key weighted digital piano is the minimum required to learn to play piano, the instrument.
Man my friends slept on that album. I was bumping for two months straight.
Yo that’s actually a sweet idea and I had discussed this with a programmer friend of mine when I’m ready to do the same. All my film friends use Vimeo and passwords to show stuff. I figured it would be easy to have a site. You could also grow other avenues of your brand through it.
Never used this, but eventide makes great plugins.
Lol??
In that case, I think synthesia would be a good fit. You can learn the songs you like pretty quickly with it. I suppose it depends on which games and movies but synthesia should have simplified versions.
I was vegan for four years. I gotcha. Was just making a joke. We will be eating lab grown meat and bugs within our lifetime I hope.
I understand that. I’m more about the character and personal struggle as I relate to that. I should care about gun control and I do. However, I like artists for their stories and expression, not necessarily their overt political standings. And yes, I know that music is a political weapon and many artists feel the need to draw attention to problems in society. I will listen to the new album as well so I can be up to date.
Well we shouldn’t be arguing against teachers with examples of bad teachers. Mentorship is incredibly powerful. It allows you, the learner to spend more time learning and practicing while the teacher controls your regimen and you can trust them without having to parse through the endless info online. I don’t think it’s necessary to have a teacher but it’s much easier to progress with one, no doubt.
Thanks for the insight.
I have several plus from these guys. Actually good and cheap. I use RM2 and headcrusher pretty often. HQ2 is good on busses or groups. Haven’t used the new freq but I have an update waiting for me.
Sub bass is just sub frequencies. Like 50-100 hertz. Most trap has a layered kick on top so the attack comes through. You can put a side chain dynamic EQ or whatever you use to compress specific frequency bands. Have a really short attack so the compressor compresses the sub when the kick hits. Then a short release so the sub comes back right after the kick. Do not have a sub bass and then try to boost the sub frequencies of the kick. The kick is the punch. It needs some body and high end brightness so the ear can hear the attack. The sub is there for the sub. A lot of people including me put bass into everything in the beginning to have a track that hits hard. It’s a misconception. The hit comes from the kick. The impact is from the bass. These two need to have a bit of contrast or the ear will not be having fun. Real bass is a little different. Multiple elements to consider.
No creativity anymore. Just references. Get with the program
But it should annoy the hell out of you that our cops suck ass.
Easy to talk from your fat ass old man. Get in a home already. Condescending talkers are the worst. What happened in the gif is assault and I’m not young boy so don’t pull that shit either. It’s adorable how smart you think you are. Nobody is listening to you seriously. You’re a joke to be downvoted.
Again, using fallacies. How can you be such a hypocrite?
Another fallacy. In every comment. I’ve voted every time I could and have downvoted you about 6 times now.
It’s pretty good. Especially for low growl type tones. I haven’t used in for a little while because I use PA amps recently but it’s worth.
This thread super dumb. For real. I use ableton. But you can use any DAW and make good music. Several of the hip hop artists you know are produced through FL. Then mixed maybe in protools. Then nearly everybody uses ableton for live shows. They are like different wood working shops. All can produce a wooden table, but their processes might be different. And no they don’t sound different. There are debunking videos. The only DAW that I’ve felt sounded different was Harrison Mixbus and that’s due to several factors.
One of the best books I ever read. I read it back in highschool as well.
Hold up. Should I take it off a stand and lay it down?
That already exists though. I don’t get it. There’s a whole field called Bioinformatics. Not to mention there have been protein folder-type programs that detect cancer mechanisms for awhile. You sure this isn’t just a resume booster? At my school, University of Texas, there were classes where students used computer science to write detection programs as assignments. Anyways, I’m sure it’s something special. An achievement no matter. Congratulations. We’d love the piece in the university journal once it’s available.
Have you been to Germany? My family lives outside of Frankfurt. You sound ridiculous. I’m American.
Yes there are. If you can’t find em though I will gladly put that Launchpad to good use.
Maybe Scaler. It’s useful to figure out how to do this by ear. Using the fifth above and the fourth below, you can figure out where on the circle of fifth you’re at. Then if the third is flat, you’re in a minor key. Chord extensions can be figured out last.
Our country is made of foreigners you dork. My mom is from Mexico and her grandfather from Spain. My dad from Germany. They are still Americans. Seriously, your xenophobic attitude is ridiculous. Like stay at home if you don’t want to see foreigners because they are everywhere in this country. They don’t call it a melting pot for nothing.
I use a new program called Samply. I’m honestly just not into organizing samples. In Samply, I import the sample folder I’m searching through. Then it tries to figure out what each sample is. It works pretty well. Almost perfect for drum samples. It’s still in beta but I’m enjoying it. Thank you for the * tip. I didn’t know that in general.
Seed to Stage. His operator series is very comprehensive. Beat Academy. More casual but he’s an industry producer that’s worked with Timbaland and others. I’ve learned quite a lot from him about ableton. There are more but those are my two, so as to not flood this.
Beat Academy. He does all sorts of stuff but recreating popular tracks using stock ableton stuff is something he does.
Use a drum rack. Double click a clip slot to get a bar. Press b to get pencil tool. Draw in your kick snare. Duplicate loop. Draw in more. Drag the sample into arrangement. Chop a drum loop.
Even with sticky, we will still get the same questions. Someone will tell them that foam isn’t good but they will get foam traps anyway and post to r/musicbattlestations.
I don’t feel like upvoting you today
Even if you have good ears, this tool saves time. You can place your musicianship in other areas like performing the piece.
Yeah it’s cool. Linked in out knobs. Simple. Crank input until you get harmonic distortion you want. It’s not a game changer, but sounds great pushing old samples through.
That second paragraph isn’t so true at all.
Looks cool. But no instagram
I really love transient designer plus. Like the simplest thing to use and I use it a lot.
Thanks. It is still useful to use your ear as well because the knee is a factor here. An easy way is to crank the threshold all the way down with makeup off until barely audible. Now adjust attack and release, and knee. Very obvious because compression makes the barely audible source completely silent. You can dial in the musicality of your compressor in this way. Then, finally set your threshold back to a reasonable setting, making up if needed, etc. I didn’t know that simple formula though thank you again.
What are those stands? Cool spot
What the fuck have you invented?
2011 MacBook Pro that has been upgraded. I have an i7, 16gb ram, and ssd. Runs everything super well. Was about 380 bucks on offer up.
Didn’t answer my question. You’re a sad slob. I asked what you invented. Or what have you done with your life? I know it’s super tempting to immediately flip it onto me. But I’ve done stuff with my life. I’m multi-heritage and an American Caucasian. I’m just super curious how you can parade around shitting on a whole race of people for “not doing anything” yet you’ve done less. You enjoy the privilege of your people, but have nothing to show for it. Except hate. A sad existence, indeed. Keep up the good fight.
This has to be a joke right? Here’s the motivation. Nobody cares. You don’t know know a lot of things according to your post. There are a thousand guys out there who do. The woe is me does nothing at all except prove that you are below those 1000 guys. Also, you are going to have to figure out something because stats don’t lie. You aren’t making it. I’m not making it. So be happy in another way. It sounds like you want the clout and don’t actually care about the music, which means you’re going to get outclassed by people who do, aka, the inspirational rappers you talk about. You have to be the person you want to be every day, not just wait around for that person to pop up, blaming its absence on who you hang around. It’s you dog, it’s start with you and your mental weak.
Scaler 2
More than enough. Should be fun. I use a fully upgraded MacBook Pro 2011. I7 3.4, 16gig ram, etc. Still super fast. Last awhile when you get i7
I got their stay at home bundle so I have all their stuff. Pretty cool. But they don’t have a plugin that sets them apart. Just pretty good plugins.
Why’d you get downvoted lol? It’s true.
There’s nice free plugin called Isol8. You put it on your master or Mixbus and can turn on and off individual frequency bands for monitoring purposes.
Being stubborn and miserable is so much less preferable than doing what you want to do. Let the pride go and focus on getting better at the craft you like to do.
Outlaw is worth I suppose. I don’t know. I’ve stopped using nearly every WA plugin I had. Not bad. Just prefer other peeps more.
The back and forth is simple. Viruses are small. Smaller than the stitches on cloth masks. A mask is better than nothing but a wet mask, such as the one I wear after working six hours, is exposure for others. So it reduces spread but doesn’t stop. Also, there are studies showing that mask wearers tend to 1. Have a false sense of confidence because the mask is on so they sanitize less. 2. Touch their face more whether it’s because of fit or discomfort. More times touching the face = more exposure. So these results about masks reducing spread are made up of this macro sample. A sample that consists of people wearing masks correctly and actually reducing the spread, but also of people who actually increase the spread because of the things I talked about above. So that’s the conflict. Masks work, to an extent. Shorter the time being worn the better so it doesn’t get wet. However, improper mask use/hygiene/behavior/whatever increases exposure. It’s this double edged sword. In general, “being aware of hands” is the way to avoid most of the qualms with masks.
The hospys will bill 300 for an aspirin. How much would they bill for this?
Really like Thorn and Oberhausen. Wondering if I should get Lion.
They speak up
I love using thorn. Perfect laptop synth. Has great morphs and filters. Has great sequencing options. Like I said, it’s just fun to use. Oberhausen sounds amazing but I use it with keys only. Not the same sequencing “fun” as Thorn.
Man, this fucking thing looks crazy.
I think it’s time I get dsm
It’s always “the average” and it never includes you or anyone else posting it. Of course right. Humans are smart. It’s a fact. But humans get misled, miseducated, etc. I’m just saying you have more in common with “dumb idiots” than you think. It’s about systemically leading the nation toward a less ignorant state. That’s the goal.
This was a weird response for sure. A lot of words without a purpose at all. It sounded nice though
Yeah that was tight. I could pee to it.
Not sure why so many amateur producers are obsessed with gain staging. Yet you talk to any verified mix engineer or producer and they say it’s a non issue in modern production. With all the digital headroom ya know? Anyways, just a conundrum.
It does matter. It’s like comparing a van and a sedan. You wouldn’t. Also, I recommend going to guitar center or somewhere you can hear the speakers. To stick with cars, you wouldn’t buy a car without test driving just because someone online said so. If you truly don’t know and just want to get started, I’d get a pair of HS5s from yamaha. Low enough price. Anything higher priced, I’d test it first.
Listen don’t just tunnel on the visual analyzer. I watched videos and all that and tried to template my EQ since I hadn’t developed my ear yet. Now I tend to not even look at the number I’m EQ’ing. I listen only now.
Flanger on low wet. Use musical timing. Any type of chorusing or spin or phaser used musically on hi hats can work well. You don’t want every hit to sound the same - so if there’s a flanger going in and out over the range of four hi hat notes, you get an additional rhythm besides just the row of hi hats. Also using the velocity midi effect, turning up randomness and adjusting the high out can get you the exact volume you need.
What’s up with sideways monitors? Are they bad? Half the time I see someone say “turn your monitors up” but you look to have a pretty professional setup so what’s your take? I know nothing.
Obligatory you can’t master your own tracks. It’s about a second opinion. Sony mdr 7506
I mean that’s how it works. They get the shots from ver very far away. It’s not feasible to mic a lion. This is how every nature show is. Stop dissing my planet earth bro
Cherry pick the stats you want. Then realize we’d all have small pox or polio if not for vaccines. We are in a global pandemic dealing with this very thing and you are still stupid as bricks.
Bring your other track up to the reference. That’s why it’s there. I mean you aren’t referencing your own track to mix the reference track. Cause that doesn’t make sense. Also, just a pro tip, while working with audio stuff, try to only adjust one of your volume knobs on your computer. For example, I have my computer playback locked at 70. So to adjust volume I only use my interface knob. Some beginners I’ve seen are constantly adjusting multiple volume knobs then wondering why there’s no consistency. Import the reference into the daw. If it’s loud as fuck, turn your interface volume knob down. Now adjust the gain of your actual track. Or EQ. Or whatever it is your referencing. I usually reference bass in other tracks to make sure I get the balance right in my untreated room. If a reference track sounds balanced in my room, I can attempt to match that on my track using eq and the fader. Hope that helps.
Nice. I’m gonna make a video too. Too many can’t hurt!
Way too much processing.
Yeah I don’t really know. The closest kind of music to this I like is Daughters which has some rhythm at least. This is just noise. No sections all mud everywhere. It’s literally a ball of mud like that guy said. Ears instantly turned off.
Go back to the old folks home mate
Use a virtual input/output like virtualcable or Soundflower on mac. It’s what it sounds like. Let’s you choose the cable as the input in your daw, and the cable as the output in maschine, kontakt, etc.
I’ve weighed a lot of ounces. I think I could do it.
For sure negligence. I just sent a message to my psychiatrist. Said he would report a doctor in his office if they did that. Says 70mg is already too high and he would just end the medication and go a different route if he had to go higher. Good on you to get out of that. I’m also really severe, but get no “amp” from vyvanse since after the first time. Which is how I like it. I just feel like myself when I take it. It’s been four years or so slightly less and I’m down to 30mg a day and it lasts about 13 hours. Metabolism also fast for what it’s worth. Mental health is very personalized it’s crazy. ADHD sucks is all I have to say. The frustration and stupidity I feel off of my meds is enough to keep me taking vyvanse.
Yeah you’re right I should have focused on the mixing. Which I was. I’m saying go listen to something like Daughters, Death Grips, Swans, or...even pharmakon dare I say. Listen to the mixing in other aggressive wall of industrial loudness type genres. There is clarity even in the madness. I’m really not trying to personally attack you. I’m attacking the song, which to my ears, sounded bad.
Lav Keeper (Feline/Wild Cat)
Thank you. Added to my reading list.
