Not necessarily, but it can. And oftentimes, it does.
It is a very common misunderstanding that God directly hardened Pharaoh's heart. That's not exactly what the story says. First, it helps to understand that the Hebrew word that is translated **hardened** is more often translated as **calloused** (just like the callouses that form on your hands). When pressure is repeatedly applied to skin, the skin will eventually either: - blister and tear (softened), or - develop a callous (hardened) Once a callous has developed, applying the same pressure will only cause the callous to grow thicker and harder. Human nature works similarly. When faced with an inconvenient truth, we have a tendency to resist it. When we repeatedly bump up against that truth, eventually we will either yeild to it or become hardened to it. Once a person becomes calloused, then repeatedly applying the same truth will only result in further hardening. In other words, once the callous is established, the heart is impenetrable and the situation is a loss. The story of Pharoah was meant to be read/heard as a whole - not as individual verses in isolation. When you read this story as a whole, you see God (through Moses) repeatedly giving Pharaoh the opportunity to do the right thing. And Pharoah responds by repeatedly refusing. The statement that Pharoah's heart was calloused is merely a summary description of this process. God repeatedly applied the same pressure to Pharoah's heart, and after nine times, Pharaoh's heart developed a callous. Once the callous is established, there's no getting through. At that point, it's time to shift tactics. God's goal shifts from freeing the people through diplomacy to freeing them by force.
My concealed handgun license instructor said there are seven places that a single sentence can be miscommunicated. Three of them are the fault of the transmitter. Three are the fault of the receiver. And one is simply uncontrollable. And it could be any combination of them.
&gt;But the scriptures plainly state that God hardened Pharoah's heart, with no explanation and no apology. I'm not aware of any such statement. Do you mind pointing me to it? In the Romans passage that you referenced, Paul seems to be saying exactly the same thing I said (if you read the whole letter rather than one verse in isolation). Moreover, this is an exegesis given by Paul. It is not to be considered a part of the Pharoah story, but an interpretation of it.
It's not present in the Hebrew. Like I said, it's a very common misunderstanding, so it's not surprising that several versions adopt it in their translation.
I can't fault the translators. When translating from one language to another (especially across large cultural differences), the translator must do some amount of interpretation. I do however fault the readers for failing to recognize that, and I fault churches for getting readers into that habit.
I'm not sure I understand your question. I think the viewpoint I expressed above is supported by the Hebrew texts. And I think most English translations of this particular passage are accurate in a word-for-word sense while also allowing freedom of interpretation. &gt;you were to read it in English, the idea that you come away with is that which I've stated The NLT takes the liberty of applying an interpretation of the text that goes beyond what the Hebrew says. So yes, if you only read the NLT, you're going to walk away with a viewpoint that reflects the translator's interpretation.
That's definitely part of it. We are being told that we need to form an opinion about a group of people (e.g. liberals, Trump supporters, Evangelicals, socialists) that is so numerous and so distant that we can't possibly form an accurate opinion. The best we can do is form caricatures of them, where a few features are prominent, and the rest are treated a negligible. That's the first step. The next step is that the "few features" are all bad, because that's what gets published and repeated. What you end up with is a group of people who (in our ape brains) have absolutely no redeeming qualities - just a group of pure evil.
&gt;&gt;The publisher (like Zondervan) will get a larger return on their investment if they publish a Bible that more clearly tells people what they want to hear. So naturally, there is a market incentive to publish those translation. &gt;So do you agree or disagree with what you've said here? Yes. There is always a market incentive to get a higher return on investment. Bibles that more clearly reflect a particular viewpoint will have a higher return on investment than Bibles that don't among some demographics. None of that should be debatable. That's just how the market works. You seem to think I'm saying is that all publishers submit to this profit motive. I'm not saying that. I'm simply noting that the motive exists. &gt;why would you make this point? Because it supports my bigger point - that there is a variety of reasons for taking interpretive liberties. Which was supportive of my even bigger point - that some translators take more liberties than others. Which was supportive of my bigger point in response to your question about where the misunderstanding originates. I said 'both' because it is (**IN SOME CASES**) cyclical. The consumer forms an opinion about the meaning of the text. The translator wants to sell something that the consumer will read. So the translator (who must make an interpretive decision) uses the consumer's interpretation (rather than his own) to make the interpretive decision. &gt;even the ideas of the scripture are different and are dependent on the person translating the text In the particular excerpt that you shared is somewhat vague in the original Hebrew. Instead of translating it to an equally vague statement in English, the NLT translators attempted to clarify the meaning by applying a particular interpretation of God's role in the story. In my opinion, it would be better to translate the vague Hebrew verse into an equally vague English verse so that the reader can decide for himself what it means. That's what the ESV does. &gt;Now you're saying that you didn't say this and that its just circumstantial. Your entire thread consists of you saying, my interpretation is correct because Hebrew but any instances where your interpretation aligns with mine, its correct. Any time it doesn't align, its incorrect. This is no value to me because I'm not going to check with you every second to see if the idea I come away with from a particular scripture aligns with the ideas of that in Hebrew. I'm having trouble parsing your comment.
wtf
&gt;real fucked up people who have let their empathy and critical thinking bleed away That is just a crude caricature of the 'other'. What you're saying "they" won't do is exactly what you are failing to do. You have to find a way to stop hating them. It's absolutely necessary.
I think a good start would be to read the ESV.
I like the [Bible Hub Interlinear Bible](https://biblehub.com/interlinear/).
You okay?
You're tired of seeing people trying to treat others as humans?
wat?
Yes. This is a discussion forum, and it's impossible to have a meaningful discussion without more information.
Nothing that commenter said suggested they weren't aware of that.
This is what happens when you run out of points to make. You disregard all points made by others and insist that you are right.
I want to add to this. Many people think that the point of looking at multiple translations is to see what the most common translation is for a given verse, then accept that as the "correct" one. But being popular isn't what makes something right. The point of looking at various translations should be to get an understanding of what all the possible interpretations are. Not to see which one is correct.
Your top comment is still wrong.
The latter. So far, it seems that nearly every comment criticizing the strike also clarifies that the person was evil, including those in the thread below your comment.
&gt;no consistency with values or morals, Why would there be consistency among millions of different people? Surely you're aware that Reddit is actually a whole bunch of people with different views and perspectives, right? This "hive mind" is fictional, and serves only as a way for you to feel like you're in the minority. If you don't think your view is getting enough attention, then speak up.
&gt;I did speak up, that’s why we’re having this conversation, Great! Then there is a diversity of views represented. So what's the problem? You just wish more people would voice agreement with you? You provided four comments. I don't think I need proof to contend that four comments is hardly a hive mind nor can four comments be used to characterize a forum with millions of participants. Again, the supposed hive mind is fictional. It was fabricated for your convenience. It allows you to shake your finger at the world as an alternative to meaningful discussion and thoughtful consideration.
&gt;Nope, I’m just calling out hypocrisy. It's only hypocrisy of it's the same person saying two contradictory things. It's not hypocrisy if one person says something that contradicts another person. &gt;it’s someone pretending to hold an anti-war belief, immediately after trying to denounce someone for withdrawing troops from the Middle East. There's no evidence that anyone here has done that. &gt;So you don’t think that there’s a hive-like following for T_D? That there’s not a common belief system across all folks who watch Fox News? The supposed hive mind that you brought up was that of Reddit. So I'm not sure why you're talking about T_D or Fox. &gt;According to reddit, absolutely not. That totally depends on which redditer you ask. There are millions of them, including you.
The sacrificial system of the Old Testament included specific sacrifices like the first fruits of the harvest or the best of th flock. The purpose of these sacrifices was to show one's trust in God. After a long winter, food was running short and turning stale/rotten. The first harvest in Spring was a big deal. For the first time in months, they could eat fresh food and start storing up for next winter. But instead of eating or storing it, they were to give it to God. By doing so, they were essentially saying "We only have this food because God provided it. It is his, not ours." They were also saying, "We trust that God will provide more for us." Same with the other sacrifices, like the best of the flock. Shepherds would choose the best of the flock to breed, so that the next generation of sheep would be even better than the last. But instead of breeding the best, they would give it to God. Today, our relationship with food is different, and our relationship with livestock is different, so it doesn't make sense for us to make sacrifices with those things. Instead, Jesus taught that his followers should give with the same intentions, but in different ways. Our sacrifices should still say, "I only have this thanks to God. It is his, not mine," and "I trust that God will be faithful." But instead of giving food on the alter, we give food to the hungry. In other words, we sacrifice our own needs to provide for others. And in the most extreme cases, we sacrifice our own lives so that others may live.
[Tiller](https://www.tillerhq.com/) uses the same service that Mint uses to pull your data, but it pulls it into to a Google Sheet. That way you can manipulate it and display it however you like.
So you yourself gain nothing. And you believe that you are doing the person a favor by discouraging them? That's pretty backwards. To me, the "distress of fighting and losing" is preferable to quitting.
In this case, the optimist's preference (not deriding each other) requires far less effort than your "more mature" preference (reinforcing the us-them divide and berating the other). And again, you're not doing anyone any favors. Your only contribution is to discourage trying. Even if the optimist fails, failing is better than not trying.
&gt;They could be doing something good so they're actually losing something by trying. **If** that were the case, **and if** your discouragement was paired with an alternative encouragement, **then** sure you would be contributing meaningfully in your discouragement. But neither of those conditions is met in this case. Nothing is lost by refraining from divisiveness. And much is gained. And so far, you've only discouraged optimism. You haven't paired your discouragement with any more productive alternative. As far as I'm aware, the only alternative to refraining from divisiveness is promoting division. And surely you are not arguing that promoting division is somehow more productive, are you?
&gt;But clearly politics isn't worth it. No, that's not clear. How does refraining from divisiveness somehow detract from one's efforts in those other areas? It doesn't. Refraining from divisiveness (and encouraging others to do the same) will either succeed or fail, but either outcome is preferable to promoting division. &gt;I am not magic so I can't tell them if they could invest their efforts in work, family, hobbies, local charities. Then you can't actually accomplish your stated goal (redirecting the optimist's efforts), because your discouragement cannot (without magic, apparently) be paired with a more productive alternative. In other words, refraining from divisiveness and encouraging others to do the same can only result in outcomes that are preferable to any alternative that you can come up with. Therefore, absolutely nothing is gained by you or by anyone else when you try to stop others from trying. You can lie down and give up. But don't drag others down with you.
&gt;Being polite hasn't worn nasty people over to the Left 1. Being polite requires no additional effort that might be redirected. 2. Yes it has. It won me over. And I have subsequently won others over. Clearly, you are intent on seeing the situation as negatively as possible. That's fine, go ahead and be hopeless. But your participation in this conversation so far amounts to nothing more than trying make other people as hopeless as you are. It's clear to me that neither you nor anyone else benefits from your discouragement. So my question remains, why do you do it? Does it just make you feel better to vent?
&gt;You're making the subject about divisiveness. Yes, that was the basis of my inquiry. &gt;That's your strawman It's not a straw man if it's the main subject of the inquiry. &gt;That's why your comments are taking more effort than mine They're not though. So what is your motivation? I still don't understand why you think you should discourage someone from speaking out against divisiveness.
It's not a tangent if it's the main subject of the inquiry. &gt;setting up as an easy argument for yourself. I'm not making any argument. I'm expressing my misunderstanding and asking for input. Speaking of asides, I'll ask the one and only question again: So what is your motivation? I still don't understand why you think you should discourage someone from speaking out against divisiveness.
Like I said, I was won over by people choosing to treat me as an equal rather than as the other. And I have won others over by the same tact. It works, despite it apparently not working for you. You can read Rising Out of Hatred to see how it has worked even in the most extreme cases. It seems your primary reason for promoting division (because it saves time and effort) is unfounded. So thank you for answering my question. I think I get it now. It just boils down to a misunderstanding that you are reluctant to correct.
You're "done" because (as you said) you understand it to be impossible. I know, by experience, and by data that it is not only possible, but quite effective with practice. Hence your misunderstanding.
&gt;Your anecdotal claim doesn't give weight It's enough to convince me. But for your benefit, I did point you to a book to help you understand. &gt;we have run out of time for the change to be meaningful enough Time will march on. Things are going to proceed in one way or another. If people are divisive, things will proceed in a worse way than if they aren't. &gt;It's too late to fix things. Now there's a straw man. I haven't talked about fixing anything. What things are you talking about?
&gt;Oh I'm sorry I assumed you were able to see past your nose I did point you to a book to help you understand. &gt;winning people over is to get people to change There are other goals, but they need not be discussed here. &gt;It's hardly a strawman to talk about the result of the action But what about the things to be fixed? That's the straw man. Who was talking about fixing things? What things are to be fixed? &gt;it is the entire fucking reason I've been saying give up. Earlier, you said the reason was for the benefit of your listeners, so that they could make better use of their time through other endeavors - a reason which has been shown invalid. Are you now proposing a new reason? If so I'm interested to hear it.
&gt;You're talking about winning people over and wasting time telling me I shouldn't write people off and stop caring but magically now it's purely about the interaction and not what the interaction leads to. If I understand you correctly, you're now saying that your reason for wanting to promote division is because of the end result. So specifically what end result are you hoping to achieve?
Yes
That's a good approach. Something that also resonates with older people (in the US specifically) is the dust bowl. It was a time when we carelessly mismanaged our natural resources, and it caused a lot of problems. And the solution was relatively painless. We just took a few extra steps when farming to make sure that our land use was sustainable.
Yes, exactly! We've had a religious Reformation. We've had Democratic Revolutions. Now it's time to break down the power structures in business.
satire =/= fake It's making a very real point by means of satire.
I use beeswrap bags as an alternative to Ziploc.
&gt;and forget how hungry we can become when we don't have Christ. Keep on. Keep feeding on good food. In this food/hunger metaphor, what (in your view) do the food and hunger represent? In plain language, what does it mean to be hungry? To feed? To be nourished?
I agree with building habits. But I also think there is a solid case to be made for giving later. I could give $100 now or I could invest it and give $200 later. I could give lots of money now, or I could use the money to buy my freedom (FIRE), then donate all of my time, energy, and skills for the rest of my life. I don't see how either one (now or later) is inherently more commendable or measurably more effective.
I don't know anything about your particular church, but I used to give 10% to church until I saw how it was spent. I have had the opportunity to review the budgets of many churches, and I have found that (among those that I've seen), it is normal to spend 90-95% of donated funds on facilities and salaries. The remaining 5-10% is split between internal operations and community outreach. Like another person said, there is no wrong way to be generous, so it's good that you give. But in the spirit of effective altruism, I saw it as a better use of my "talents" to seek out charities that will stretch the dollars a little further in the right direction.
&gt;There’s really no wrong way to be generous. "Fine, I chose the Global Relief Foundation...which was recently discovered to be a front for the Taliban. Yeah, the Taliban in Af-a-ghanistan." - [Dwight](https://youtu.be/8kbtX6-XDg0)
Agreed. I would say the two factors are mutually dependent. What/how you give will depend on whether you give now or later. And whether giving now or later is more effective will depend on what/how you can give.
&gt;where do you draw the line? Wherever you want, since neither one is inherently better. Personally, I say whenever I have enough to meet the need. Obviously, if the need is infinite, the answer is, as late as possible.
&gt; Everyone would be out of a job because people wouldn't be able to access working capital. Just thinking aloud here - couldn't we invent a new way to access working capital? Or increase our reliance on alternative methods?
But to what end? I've named a few bad outcomes. What good outcomes are there, and how do they outweigh the bad?
&gt;Good things happening is a good thing to celebrate Sure. But the good thing here is the healthy outcome. Yes, we should celebrate that, but that's not what I'm talking about. I'm talking about sharing it and attributing it to divine intervention. That is when you run into the bad outcomes I mentioned. So now, with the subject clarified, I reiterate my question. To what end?
It just depends on whether you're more concerned with placing blame or helping people. I'm not really interested in whose fault it is. I'm interested in alleviating the suffering of others. If hearing about another person's family being miraculously healed is going to cause them greater grief when their own family isn't healed, then I don't want that. Any change that could alleviate that is a change that should be made. I believe Jesus illustrated this concept in the parable of the hired hands. The moral of the story is that we should concern ourselves with making sure everyone is provided for, not identifying who deserves what. Or in this case, not identifying who is at fault and who should change.
&gt;By that bunk logic we shouldn't thank God for anything I'm not sure how you concluded that. Maybe you could walk me through it with baby steps. But if I may make a presumptive inference, it seems that you misunderstood what I'm saying is dangerous. Thanking God is never a problem. What I'm concerned with here is publishing that thanks, and calling it a miracle publicly. &gt;Again, that's their faithless misunderstanding to consider God unjust because they're suffering I'm not interested in whose fault it is. I'm interested in alleviating their suffering.
&gt;Or am I supposed to never talk about my cousin's cure? I wouldn't say never. If you know that it will be edifying for the person you're speaking to, then of course you should share it. In this case, there are hundreds of thousands of people. And for some of them, sharing this story will harm them more than it will help them. So instead of publishing it for the whole world, perhaps share it only in specific situations, where you know it will be good.
&gt;How a post with 40 upvotes could destroy someone's life?? There's no need to exaggerate. I didn't say it would destroy someone's life. &gt;And this blessing, at least as I see it, made me happy that my cousin at least is ok. That's fantastic! You should share that your cousin is doing well. But telling everyone that you have witnessed a miracle is what Jesus called "casting your pearls before swine." Hearing of your miracle could cause others additional grief.
&gt;if you want to try and say we shouldn't praise God in front of others because a minority will be selfishly spiteful about it. I'm not saying that. &gt;praising God anywhere isn't wrong. It certainly can be. For instance, if you stand on the street corner and praise God, in order to show how holy you are, Jesus said that would be wrong (just an example).
&gt; For instance &gt; just an example I was using that as an example to show that your claim (that praise can never be wrong) isn't quite true. That should have been clear to you based on the part of your comment that I quoted. I was not trying to draw an exact parallel between that situation and this one.
&gt; I was not trying to draw an exact parallel between that situation and this one. I don't know how to make this any clearer. &gt; I was using that as an example to show that your claim (that praise can never be wrong) isn't quite true.
You said that praise can never be wrong. I said that it can be wrong. **As an example of when praise can be wrong**, I used the Biblical story of Jesus condemning the public prayers of the Pharisees. &gt;is completely irrelevant The relevance is bolded above.
&gt;You're just being hateful I'm certainly not trying to be. Who do you think I'm being hateful toward? In my view, I am being compassionate by speaking up for those who would be hurt or grieved by reading this post. &gt;you've already stated you don't care about what's fair Correct. &gt;and that's plain to see Then I am a man of my word. &gt;This is not casting pearls before swine. Mere contradiction.
&gt;just because doing good or praising God offends selfish people that doesn't mean we shouldn't do good or praise God. If anything I do could cause others grief, then as a Christian, I believe I should definitely consider avoiding that thing. It doesn't matter whose fault it is that it causes them grief. (You seem to be fixated on the potential victim's selfishness.)
&gt;the fact that you don't care about what's **right** You switched the words there. Very crafty. As per the parable of the hired hands, I am not concerned with fairness. I am only concerned with seeking good for others. &gt;You're literally trying to shit on this guy That's a funny image, but I'm definitely not literally trying to shit on anyone. If I may go back, I don't want to abandon your concern with me being hateful. Like I said, I'm not trying to be. Who do you think I'm being hateful toward?
Now, you're blowing it way out of proportion. You're making it impossible to have a meaningful conversation. I think this post was unwise **in that** it publicly proclaimed a miracle **because** that is likely to have the effects I named above. **General Premise** - If you don't want people to be hurt, then you when you hear that someone may be hurt, your first thought will be, how can I alleviate that hurt. - If you don't care about people being hurt, then when you hear that someone may be hurt, you will get caught up on lots of other things like whose fault it is, or who the hurt person is, or what the hurt person should do differently. **General Conclusion** - If there is something you can do to alleviate someone else's hurt, and if I think you're in the former group (you care), then I should notify you that the person may be hurt. - If there is something you can do to alleviate someone else's hurt, and if I think you're in the latter group (you don't care), then there's no point in discussing it with you. I made the assumption that OP was in the former group (which turned out to be true), which is why I notified OP. Our conversation has shown me that you are in the latter group, which means there is no point in discussing it any further.
&gt;Are you saying that some of the hands weren't treated righteously? The point of the story is that they weren't paid fairly. And yet according to Jesus, that is a model of the Kingdom of Heaven. In other words, unfairness (in our eyes) is a key attribute of God's ideal. &gt;You clear up their confusion about God, because they most definitely are confused That's one possibility, but that's not the opportunity that was made available to me to today.
&gt;But he answered one of them, ‘I am not being unfair to you, friend. That is someone's interpretation of the text. That's not what the text says. The text says: &gt; Friend, I am doing you no **wrong**. The story concludes with an acknowledgement of the unfairness: &gt; So the last will be first, and the first will be last. It would be fair to give to each according to the amount of work they did. But the householder bucks the expectation by giving the same to all, regardless of their contribution. In other words, the householder wasn't concerned with who deserved how much. The householder was only concerned with - Staying true to his promise, and - Doing good for all (regardless of desert). To tie it back to the whole reason I brought it up, you claimed that, since the offended party is being selfish by being offended, then he should be the one to change - it's only fair. And I'm saying, even if the offended party was selfish for being offended (a premise that I would question), then it doesn't matter. We, like the householder, should want good for everyone regardless of what they may deserve.
&gt;If you're not going to donate $100 now, what's going to change later so you donate the $200? That depends on **why** you're not donating now. If you're telling yourself that you'll donate later simply as a justification for not donating now, then nothing will change when the $100 becomes $200. But if you're investing the money so that you can donate more, then when it's grown, you'll donate it. What's going to change is that it will have doubled. &gt;Most of the big charities have endowments and manage funds to meet their goals and needs. Yes, that's a good point. On the flip side, many charities do not have such endowments. &gt;And a large portion of the causes you might donate to have pretty antithetical goals to many companies you're investing in via index funds. Another good point. On flip side, you could make investments that align with the causes you want to support.
&gt;praise God Uh oh, you got mixed up again. Here ya go. ✅ It's great that a person's health is improving. ✅ It's great to praise God for it. ❌ It is dangerous to publicly attribute it to divine intervention, for the potential outcomes that I listed above.
I too don't like some of the things that I'm supporting by investing in broad funds. But the way I see it, I am changing the nature of those investments (making them good) by taking partial ownership and redirecting some of the profits toward good causes. Maybe I just made that up to make myself feel better.
I totally see your point, and I am with you - my mind cannot conceive of a way that Trump is better. **BUT** I am downvoting this comment anyway because the most common explanation I hear from people who voted for Trump irl is "He was better than Hillary." And when they say that, I can't help but think it's just a cop out to avoid dealing with his obvious shortcomings by shifting the conversation to someone else's shortcomings. And as much as I want every Trump supporter to read your comment and instantly change their minds, I know that from their perspective, your comment is just a cop out. And I think the spirit of this post is trying to understand different perspectives.
That's definitely true. But in my experience, more often, people who are accusiled of being hateful don't understand the difference and mistakenly believe that the accusation is based on belief when it's actually based on treatment. (And for what it's worth, I think that misunderstanding is the fault of both parties.)
&gt;Apparently because it's offensive to the doctors or to other sick people...? I explained why. Do not feign ignorance.
Your title says it was a miracle.
Thanks a lot! I don't take it personally when people downvote and fail to address my comments. I try to remind myself that the commenter to whom I'm replying isn't my target audience. The audience is all the people reading and saying nothing. So thank you for saying you're there and being supportive.
That's two non sequiturs from you so far in this thread.
What are you referring to?
Don't expect to get away with it? What does that mean? Is that an attempt at a threat?
That's not a new concept nor a product of "cancel culture". And yes, of course someone should be disqualified from positions of public trust or leadership if his/her words, actions, or beliefs run counter to his/her responsibilities as a trustee or leader. That's not only general wisdom, but one of the central points of Christ's teachings - that character matters.
On the contrary, I don't think there is any confusion about the different ways to go about doing that. Everyone understands that government policies aren't the only way to express Christian principles. There are plenty of other ways, like personal outreach, local community-organized efforts, or government policies at various levels (state vs. federal). I think the confusion lies in what our default position should be, in light of inevitable disagreement. If you and I have differing views on which of those methods to use, do we simply do nothing until one of us wins? Do we just do everything we can in hopes that something will work? I would propose something in-between those two extremes. We are going to disagree; that's inevitable, and it's not necessarily a bad thing. But we don't want the poor and marginalized to suffer simply because we can't agree on how to help them. So I would propose we do whatever we can whenever we can to alleviate their plight. And at the same time, we should keep open the door of conversation about how to optimize our efforts. Practically, that would mean that you and I advocate for both political action in accordance with our principles of providing for the marginalized **and** local community action in the same vein. And at the same time, we would have a healthy conversation about which one is doing the most good.
I'm afraid I don't follow your reasoning. Would you mind walking me through how you arrived at that conclusion?
First, I hope I have clarified where the confusion lies. That was my main point. People aren't confused about that many ways that we can implement our Christian principles. They are simply at a statement, and have no clear direction about how to handle it. Now moving on to the new subject, I'm sure you have a thought-out reason for thinking that political action can hurt the poor. But I find that counterintuitive - that trying to help would do more harm than good. Note that counterintuitive doesn't mean wrong; lots of right things have been counterintuitive. But in order to proceed down a counterintuitive path, we must have data. That's why I propose trying everything, and simultaneously assessing whether our actions are having the intended effect.
&gt;We're doing more than enough. That can't be true because the poor are still poor. &gt;Anyone trying to give more money and power to them isn't being wise, by my estimate. But we just discussed this. Like you just said, **there are other ways**. Advocating for higher taxes is not the only federal policy change that could be aimed at helping the marginalized. For just one example, another possible change could be reallocating the money that is currently being spent so that it is spent on something else. &gt;The federal government is doing a terrible job as it is right now. Yes, so shouldn't we push to change that? Shouldn't we advocate for changes in federal policies that do a better job of helping the marginalized? Moreover, what you just said about the federal government applies to many state and local governments as well.
&gt;Humans will never solve poorness I disagree, but regardless, you said the federal government is doing more than enough. How can it be doing more than enough when the problem persists? &gt;&gt;For just one example, another possible change could be reorienting the money that is currently being spent so that it is spent on something else. &gt;I agree, but what in America's political history to you suggests this is likely to happen. The probability of it is a completely separate conversation. Let's stay on subject. We're discussing the ways in which Christians help the marginalized. The spending budget is renegotiated every couple of years. &gt;Yes, we should change it – by taking the power from them and giving it to the local governments and giving them less tax money. What I'm suggesting would not, in any way, inhibit that. So why not advocate for both?
&gt;It's doing more than enough because it's already hurting a lot of people If the goal is to help, but the current policy is hurting rather than helping, then "more than enough" seems like a weird way to describe that. It sounds like "not enough" would be more accurate. How is falling short of the goal considered "more than enough"? &gt;that don't know how to do anything for themselves What does that mean? &gt;&gt;So why not advocate for both? &gt;Clarify to me the 'both' here. Why not do both of the following: 1. Push the federal government to focus on helping the marginalized more than it is right now. (This doesn't necessarily mean higher taxes or increased power.) 2. Push for more power for the local governments. As far as I can tell, those two things do not inhibit one another, but when I suggested the first one, you refused and insisted on the second one. But if you're really interested in helping the poor and marginalized, why refuse the first one?
That goes against every other comment you've made. You said these changes should be made at ***the local level*** and suggested that advocating for those things at the federal level would necessarily mean giving more money and power to the federal government. And now you're saying you actually do advocate for more help for the poor and marginalized at the federal level?
So then my question remains. Why not do both?
&gt;Where did we establish that? As I said above: &gt; But we just discussed this. Like you just said, there are other ways. Advocating for higher taxes is not the only federal policy change that could be aimed at helping the marginalized. For just one example, another possible change could be reallocating the money that is currently being spent so that it is spent on something else. So, now that we've established that, shouldn't we advocate for federal policies that do a better job of helping the poor and marginalized? &gt;If you don't enough food to feed your family, quite literally. They're starving and on the verge of death. Would you adopt a bunch of children into your responsibility? I still don't understand what or who you're talking about. What does that have to do with any of this?
&gt;This is not my ideal, but I'd accept it as a reasonable proposal. That's great! Then we agree? We should be doing everything we can while we work out what's best, rather than doing nothing in a stalemate. &gt;I don't think it's the best solution, but it would be better than what's being presented on any given night of the Democratic debates. Why would you call out Democrats specifically? I was talking about Christians, not Republicans or Democrats. But since you brought it up, it's worth mentioning that currently, the Republican Party platform has absolutely zero efforts to help the poor and marginalized. None whatsoever.
Same for me. And I also think it's unlikely. But I think pushing for unlikely outcomes comes with the territory as a Christian.
Personally, I lean more toward Yang's platform, but I think America as a whole would be better served by someone who is less divisive, like Weld.
It's really funny if you know the verse that he's quoting. He used the Matthew version, but the Matthew version is just quoting Genesis. In Genesis, the clear implication is that God (who was understood to be both male and female) created humans the same way - both male and female. That is, each human is, like God, both male and female.
&gt;a lot of the missiles didn't hit their targets What makes you think that?
Mine too, but I have not come up with a concise way of saying it. You can't just post an excerpt without (at the very least) adding a sentence or two of your own to explain what you want the reader to take away from the excerpt.
And pallet wood.
Obviously, one very easy way to subvert that system is to purchase a firearm from a private individual. I won't propose a specific solution here because I'm not informed enough, but the process could be made stronger by making this subversion unavailable.
I believe people still live in caves. I don't believe that **30 MILLION** people still live in caves.
I agree that it's a very popular belief. But it's not universal among all Christians. Gatekeeping is also very popular. So naturally, the two get combined. Many people believe the Jesus is God, and many of those people believe that their version of Christianity is the only true one.
&gt;the harmless muslims are allowing and tolerating the violent ones "They" are no more guilty of tolerating violence than you are.
As per my edit above, I don't think this is the best place to debate the Doctrine of the Trinity. Nevertheless, you don't need to accept or deny the doctrine in order to acknowledge that some Christians do not accept it.
&gt;you almost seem offended I've noticed that word "offended" getting used a lot in this thread in response to mere disagreement. (I suspect this language is bleeding over from the political forums.) I'm beginning to wonder if we understand it to mean the same thing. Nevertheless, per my understanding of the term, no I don't feel offended. &gt;What you are doing now is going against what Jesus taught us. Again, this is a belief held by many, but not all, Christians.
&gt;I get the complexity but it’s literally defined within the Nicene Creed that Jesus is fully man and fully God Yes, and the reason that the authors of that crede felt the need to spell it out was (to simplify) because there have always been Christians who did not view Jesus as God, and they wanted to declare that belief to be wrong. &gt;has been maintained by the majority of the Christian community Translation: It's a very popular belief. &gt;But for the majority, it’s not simply a question of being inclusive or not. I get what you're saying - when some people refer to themselves as Christians, what they mean is that they believe Jesus to be God. But that definition of Christianity is not universal.
A belief does not need to be part of a large Christian denomination in order to exist. But to name a few: - Jehovah's Witnesses - Mormons - Unitarian Universalists - Secular Humanists - Christian Atheists And many more who are not organized under a common label (other than Christian). &gt;That's absolutel heresy. Yes, it is a minority belief among Christians. &gt;If you don't believe Jesus is God you arnt a Christian. That's a prerequisite that many Christians do not recognize.
Ok, I get it. You don't think other Christians are true Christians. Got it. Just know that there are Christians who see it differently.
Why did you reply to the same comment twice? I guess I'll copy my reply: &gt; Ok, I get it. You don't think other Christians are true Christians. Got it. Just know that there are Christians who see it differently.
&gt; People who dont believe in Jesus arnt Christians. Yes, you've made your position clear. &gt; You're literally just lying. Everything I've said so far is true. &gt; its they actually arnt Christians at all ...according to your definition. But there are many Christians who have a different definition of Christianity.
&gt; It's not my definition. I didnt make up the definition of Christianity. I didn't mean it's your definition, as in you made it up. I mean it's your definition, as in it's the definition that you espouse. Some Christians use a different definition.
I am not arguing that they are right or wrong. Merely that some Christians do not believe that Jesus is God. &gt; *It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.* -Aristotle
Well said, Fred_Foreskin.
I applaud your grace and humility. You're following Jesus's example better than some Christians.
So have they.
Nothing in my comment would call any of that into question. Are you sure you replied to the right comment. If so, this seems like a non sequitur.
I see your point. But a few weeks later, it would come to light, right?
Yes, and he taught other things too, which is my point.
Some Christian traditions think so. Others emphasize other tenets.
&gt;forgiveness of sins is a large part of Christianity Yes, for some Christians it's the largest part. For other Christians, it isn't.
Go back and see if you can identify the central point of the thread. Then ask yourself whether your comment pertains to that central point. The central point of this particular branch of the conversation is whether forgiveness of sins is the single most important (or only) tenet of Christianity. My point is simple - for some Chirstians it is, and for others, it isn't. Your comment has nothing to do with any of that.
&gt;When anything is Christianity then nothing is. I'm not proposing no definition at all. I am merely acknowledging the broader definition.
I don't see why that's relevant. Does a group of Christians need to fall under a widely recognized label for their beliefs to exist?
&gt;THE central tenet of Christianity is Christ’s atoning sacrifice. Everything else is secondary and comes after that Yes, in some Christian traditions, that's the leading tenet. Other Christian traditions emphasize other teachings of Jesus.
Yes, I brought up the existence of other traditions. But you asked for a label. You brought that up. As if the widely known Christian denominations are the only extent ones
I didn't edit anything, except for typos.
I'm not downvoting you. What are you talking about?
There are actually quite a few different interpretations. I would encourage you to look into them. It's very interesting.
&gt;So mentioning the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit as one can be interpreted differently Yes. I would encourage you to look into the various interpretations. It's very interesting. &gt;Also, I know this is off topic, but how did you do that thing where you quoted my text with that grey bar next to the text? You type a \&gt; followed by the text. So this: \&gt; Sample text. Looks like this: &gt; Sample text. On the PC, you can highlight the text that you want to quote before clicking "reply" and it will format it automatically. On the app, you can highlight the text, then tap and hold, then select "quote".
Most people will never find the strength and humility that it takes to admit a mistake like that.
I know that some companies give their employees a signed letter that basically says, "This is our device, and this employee is not allowed to open it. If you have a problem with that, contact us."
There's still a small but significant number of people who carry dumb phones. I would think you could hand them a dumb phone without raising any eyebrows.
Seriously. How would a Mennonite be treated while trying to travel?
I suspect it's because he's been abroad this whole time (since his associates were arrested). If they were going to arrest him, they wouldn't say anything about it til he's back in the US. Otherwise, he could just pull a Firtash and settle down somewhere.
Is it not just "ks"?
Technically it's not legal in the US yet. (Before I'm attacked, yes, I understand that some states have decriminalized it at the state level, but it is still a federal crime.)
Isn't that the people who make TurboTax?
Advocating for kindness, gentleness, and truth is never wrong.
I didn't see any instructions that answers had to be confined to a fundamentalist perspective. Nor does this forum allow for such restrictions.
&gt; Just because someone believes their cat is a dog, does not make it a dog. It seems like you may have misunderstood. I am not proposing that simply the act of defining Christianity is what makes someone a Christian. (In your terms, I'm not saying that simply believing a cat to be a dog is what makes it a dog.) I'm saying that there are many Christians who do not accept the divinity of Jesus, or (if they do accept it) do not view it as a necessary part of Christian faith. If you believe that accepting Jesus's divinity is what makes you a Christian, then I can understand your insistence that other Christians don't qualify for Christianity. But you should know that there are other Christians who see it differently.
That's probably a common scenario, but I'm not convinced that it would always (or even most of the time) be the case. If the current officeholder is failing to do what the constituents want, and I intend to do what the constituents want, then (simply put) all I have to do is make the constituents aware of what I will do differently. This can be accomplished in a minute or two while standing on the constituent's front porch. The only situations in which I can imagine it being a difficult sell would be: - The current officeholder is doing what the constituents want. - I don't intend to do what the constituents want. - The deck is stacked against me by some degree of corruption, abuse, or behind-the-scenes arm-twisting.
I answered the question in the most direct way possible. Sure, my answer is based on a set of assumptions that are not held by everyone, but that doesn't render my answer irrelevant. It simply means that some people will reject my answer, based on those assumptions.
&gt;OP asked about The True and Living God of the bible who stepped into His own creation as the man Jesus Christ, and on that authority affirmed that God the Holy Spirit is the primary author of all scripture. This God is omniscient, eternal, omnipresent, and reveals Himself to His creation by the living and active word of God Himself contained in the writings themselves. I don't see any evidence to that effect. If those are your assumptions, then my answer might not apply to you. But that's okay, it doesn't need to comply with everyone's different assumptions. It is, however, a relevant answer. I directly addressed the main thrust of the question. And I expect that some will find it useful, even if only a minority in this fundamentalist-dominated sub.
&gt;this is not congruent with the language and posture of this post The evidence that you provided was the factual language used throughout the question. I explained that the use of historical factual language is not a reliable basis for determining the underlying assumptions of the question, since the same language is used by people with widely differing assumptions. &gt;even if your assertion is true about the beliefs of OP I've made no such assertions. &gt;your answer is not about the God revealed in the bible My answer is not about any god at all. It's specifically about the mysterious figure in question. The story provides no evidence that anyone in it was supposed to be (or represent) the Messiah. The only evidence provided in support of it being the Messiah is based on completely unrelated events that occurred approximately 2000 years later. That's the definition of anachronism.
&gt;The problem is that accepting that Jesus is God is a part of what makes you a Christian, For you, perhaps. But some other Christians see it differently. &gt;This same heresy swept through the world in the 300s Actually, there is evidence that there were varying levels of Christology among Christians going back almost to the time of Jesus. It was &gt;They called this heresy 'Arianism' and the Church rejected it outright and completely. Actually, they were forced by Rome to agree on belief, and Trinitarianism had the majority. But even with the emperor threatening exile, some Arians did not concede. &gt;Arians (people who did not believe Jesus is God) were condemned as heretics and not Christians back then, so why are things any different now? It's not different now. People in this thread are condemning me as a heretic for even just acknowledging the existence of such beliefs (not even saying I believe it). They're free to say that their form of Christianity is the most righteousness or whatever, but to deny the existence of other sects of Christianity is just lying. Since Christ himself, there have always been Christians with varying levels of Christology. But, for some reason, those with a high Christology seem to look down upon and exclude those with lower Christological views. The only difference between then and now is that the church no longer carries the authority of the state, and can no longer kill/exile those whose beliefs are different.
&gt; If I get pulled over in Oregon and I have a half ounce in a childproof jar, it's fine. It's only fine because you're usually pulled over by state or local law enforcement, and you would be committing a federal crime. If (for some reason) you were pulled over by federal law enforcement, the Oregon rules go out the window.
&gt; One of the attributes of a Christian is that they believe Jesus is God. That certainly a very common attribute among Christians, but it is not universal. Many Christians do not believe that Jesus is God. &gt; It doesn't mean there were varying levels of Christology. That's exactly what it means. If one person was writing to correct another, then we can reasonably conclude that there were at least two different views. Even if we only retained on side of a conversation, it's reasonable to conclude that there was another side. You may think one side was correct, but that doesn't mean you can deny that they other side even exists. &gt; Actually most of the New Testament Epistles The stronger evidence lies in the Synoptics. &gt; it was found that ***the majority thought (or were at least willing to say) that*** Arianism is heresy and unBiblical. &gt;How about the issues I outlined as why Jesus has to have been God? I don't like discussing two different things in one thread. I would prefer to stay focused on the topic at hand - whether or not all Christians believe Jesus is God.
I don't think he's trolling. I think (as is often the case here) that he really believes what he's saying. And it is just as difficult for him to see things your way as it is for you to see things his way. **Here's the important thing to remember when you run into these people (and it happens a lot):** The person you're speaking to is not your target audience. It's easier to understand in a courtroom setting. In a courtroom, there are three people involved in the deliberation, even if only two of them are speaking. The defendant and the prosecutor each make their case, but they're not trying to convince each other; they're trying to convince the judge (or jury), who sits there quietly. The reason we do it that way is because human nature usually doesn't allow us to both a) make an argument and b) fairly judge between the two arguments. It's too much to ask. Our brains can't handle it. So, even though I'm writing in response to this person, I don't expect to convince him. That's not my goal. Instead, my goal is to make a solid argument, so that any fair-minded person who reads the conversation will see the merits of my case. Jesus did the same thing with his Seven Woes. He repeatedly states, "Woe to you, scribes and Pharisees..." but if you read the whole story, his audience is his disciples. The Pharisees aren't even there. The people he's responding to ("you Pharisees") aren't his target audience.
How about the fact that IT'S ON A TUESDAY, and NOBODY GETS THE DAY OFF!
Exactly! That's why I recently took up smoking and white water rafting, and I'm trying to get into Alaskan crab fishing. Anything I can do to limit my life expectancy lowers my FI number.
&gt; It would be like saying...[rigidly defined, exclusive thing] but [falls outside of rigid, exclusive definition]. It only seems like that from your perspective, because you have a rigid and exclusive definition of Christianity, and you are not willing to acknowledge the existence of other Christians. Hence, the reason for my original comment - there are, in fact, many Christians who do not place such requirements on Christianity. Clearly ~~they~~ you don't want to share your label with them, but I'm afraid you don't get to make that decision. They will go on being Christians, whether you want them to be or not.
Different people will tell you to read it in different orders, depending on what beliefs they want to you to have. They will say they are trying to make it easier for you, but what they mean is that they are trying to make it easier to see things the way they want you to. Some people think it's all about going to Heaven or Hell, and they will probably tell you to read John first. Some people focus very hard on "faith alone," and they will tell you to read Romans first. Some people are more concerned with history of the church (Catholics, Lutherans, etc.), so they will tell you to read Luke and Acts first. Personally, I think you should read it in the order it was written for two reasons: - Reading them out of order will cause you to misunderstand the new stuff. Every single part of the Bible (Every. Single. Part.) contains a reference to something before it. If you haven't read the stuff before it, then all of those references will go right over your head. You'll think it means one thing, when it really means something else. - Reading them out of order will cause you to misunderstand the old stuff. If you read them out of order, then you bring a bunch of stuff from the NT with you into the OT, where it may not belong. Like I said above, that's why people tell you to start in the place that they believe to be most important. For example, if I tell you to start with John, then your foremost thought is going to be that Heaven and Hell are places where you go when you die. Then when you read the OT, you will see references to places like "the Pit" or "the heavens" and think they're talking about the afterlife, when they aren't. Read the whole thing in the order in which it was written, starting with Genesis (or Job, depending on who you ask). Yes, it will be challenging. But challenging is better than misleading. If there's something you don't understand, don't skip it. Study it. Work to understand it. And remember, you don't need the newer stuff to help you understand the older stuff. If someone is trying to explain the older stuff to you by using the newer stuff, then they made the mistake of reading it out of order. Don't listen to them. To help you with the OT, I recommend the Open Yale course [Introduction to the Old Testament](https://oyc.yale.edu/religious-studies/rlst-145). It's 24 lectures, and they're packed with good information.
You've made your position clear. Not only do you think those other Christians are wrong, but you refuse to acknowledge their existence. I could understand insisting that your Christian view is the only right one. But I don't think you're doing anyone any favors by continuing to assert that your Christian view is the only one that there is. &gt;Additionally, if Jesus is not God then he is a liar because he claimed it himself. I don't understand what point you're trying to make with that statement. Personally, I don't think your conclusion follows logically from your premise, but let's suppose it does. Then what? Are we to let our determination of truth be driven by whether we view the conclusion favorably? Of course not.
&gt;and you say Jesus is not God I'm not saying that. I'm saying that that is the view of some Christians. But if you mean hypothetically, then I would refer you back to your own point from earlier - there are doctrinal consequences. A Christian who doesn't think Jesus is God probably doesn't think that Jesus said that.
&gt;An inference of your comment now is that a Christian not only doesn't have to believe that Jesus is God, but they also don't even have to attempt to follow him or pay attention to his words. I don't think it's my place to tell others whether they are Christians or not. But regardless... I'm afraid I don't see how you made the leap from &gt; They wouldn't believe that Jesus said that. to &gt;they also don't even have to attempt to follow him You and I both know that there is no record of Jesus saying "I am God." There may be things that Jesus said that you interpret to mean "I am God," but as far as we know, he never said those words. So obviously, where you may interpret Jesus to be making a claim of divinity, another Christian may interpret it differently. Alternatively, some Christians may not take every part of the Bible as actual fact.
&gt;For starters I never said that Jesus said "I am God" I'm not accusing you. I'm attempting to move the conversation along in a productive direction. &gt;But when Jesus used the title "I am..." he is communicating the name of God and placing it on himself. &gt;In another place, Jesus says "I and the Father are One", which is the reason the Jews wanted to kill him, making himself God. Those are perfect examples of what I'm talking about. In neither case did Jesus say the words "I am God." Instead, he said things that you interpret to mean "I am God." A Christian who studies the Bible and concludes that Jesus isn't God would probably have some other interpretation of those things. In other words, it's not as simple as "believing his words." There's also the complex process of interpretation. As long as there are multiple plausible interpretations, then that leaves room for various beliefs among Christians. &gt;Sure, Jesus didn't say those exact words, but it doesn't mean it isn't true. Perhaps it is true. I'm not trying to show that your interpretation is wrong. I'm just trying to help you understand that other Christians have different interpretations.
Thank you for demonstrating my point. In your mind, the sacrifice on the cross and the salvation that it brings is the most important thing, and you want others to see it as the most important thing, so you suggest reading John first. That makes sense. That's exactly what I was talking about. &gt;There is nothing misleading about this approach By your own admission, you are recommending this approach *precisely because* it will influence the reader's understanding of the rest of scripture. As I explained above, this attempt to skew the reader's understanding according to what you think is most important is misleading. &gt;The Bible's book order was arranged by the church anyway. These books weren't written in the order that they are presented in the Bible. That's a good point. Like I said, I recommend reading the books in the order in which they were written. Every single part contains references back to previous parts, and the reader will miss all of those references if he/she hasn't read it in order.
&gt;Now would you want them to have to feel they had to read the Bible starting at Genesis and go through? I would not advise someone to waste their last week reading the Bible, since it's not enough time to glean anything meaningful and applicable. &gt;I am a longtime Christian and I have trouble making it through Leviticus. If you struggle with Leviticus, then you probably don't understand its significance, which would explain why you think it's insignificant. &gt;many new believers would be so lost if they didn't have a solid foundation on the sacrifice of Christ and his time on earth According to your own experience, you can be lost in Leviticus either way, and I would agree. Yes, Leviticus can be confusing at first. But since the significance of Leviticus does not lie in something that happened 2,000 years after it was written, knowing the events of the NT is not going to help you understand it. Knowing th NT may help you to formulate an explanation of the OT, but because it's anachronistic, it is likely to be the wrong explanation. &gt;It's not like I have some humanly prideful motivation for wanting him to read the most important gospel books first. Understood. I don't think your recommendation is rooted by malicious intent or pride. I think it is rooted in your own misunderstanding. If you thought the Earth was flat, then you would probably recommend reading books that say the Earth is flat. If you think the OT can only make sense in light of the Gospel of John, then you will probably recommend reading the Gospel of John first. &gt;If a person was dying the next week that is most definitely what is what I'd want them to have a full grasp on before anything. Yes, that's exactly what I said at the very beginning. You fall into the first category that I named. You think it's all about Heaven and Hell, so you recommend reading John first. Edit: I challenge you to read the entire OT in the order it was written, and try to understand it without leveraging your knowledge of later events. I did this for the first time several years ago, and it ranks among the best decisions I've ever made. It was extremely difficult, both mentally and emotionally. But now that I've done it, I feel that all those years I spent relying on the NT were, as Paul says, relying on baby food. I was spiritually anemic, but I didn't realize it because that's normal among Christians. Now, I feel like I'm eating solid food.
I think you misunderstood. I'm asking why you went to the extreme of "So YoU'rE pErFeCt???"
Nice.
Over the holidays, all the in-laws broke into conversation about when you should lease and when you should take out a loan. None of them are poor. But still, the concept of just paying for your whole car was entirely foreign. My SO and I just kept our mouths shut.
You complain now. But when you hit 59.5 years old, you'll be happy to find that that 51 cents has compounded into a whopping $1.50.
John Bolton was unwilling to testify before the House, but he has said he would testify before the Senate.
As an engineer, it's easy. I've found that people think of engineering as less of a job and more of a personality type. So I will probably just say I'm an engineer forever. I think it gets the point across in pretty much any situation, even if I'm retired.
I know the eye roll you're talking about. I've started keeping a personal list of everyone who has told me "Let me know how that works out for you." Sometimes I imagine that I'll spend my first day of retirement calling each one and letting them know how that worked out for me. (I won't.)
Same exact thing for me (EE working in software). Good to know I'll need to come up with something better.
This exact issue is addressed in painful detail in Ezekiel 18. To summarize: - If a person lives a sinful life, he will bear the consequences of his (and only his) sins. - If a person lives a righteous life, he will be favored by God. - If a person lives a sinful life, but then changes and lives a righteous life, he will be favored by God as if he never lived sinfully. - If a person lives a righteous life, but then changes and lives a sinful life, he will bear the consequences of his sins as if he never lived righteously. Past experience tells me that some people will downvote this because they disagree with it. But past experience also tells me that those people will make no attempt to reconcile their beliefs with this detailed prophecy in Ezekiel 18.
And how do you reconcile that with Ezekiel 18?
&gt;then they were under the system of law where they did not have grace What Ezekiel describes is grace. According to Ezekiel 18, if a person lives a sinful life, but then changes and lives a righteous life, then he will be favored by God as if he had never sinned. That's God being merciful. (And the exact same concept is explained by Jesus in his parable of the hired hands.) &gt;Also the people were blessed when they did good and were punished when they did bad. I can tell you haven't read the passage that is the subject of this conversation (Ezekiel 18), because it explicitly calls out this idea as false. The idea that people are simply blessed when they do good and punished when they do bad is, according to Ezekiel, the world's way, not God's way. Nevertheless, you seem to have missed the question. If righteousness is impossible, then how do you reconcile that with Ezekiel's talk of being righteous? Are you saying that righteousness was possible under the law, but now it's impossible? Or has righteousness always been impossible? If it has always been impossible, then the question is relevant regardless of what time period we're talking about. If righteousness was impossible at the time that Ezekiel was written, then we still have to reconcile that with all his talk of being righteous.
All great points. I think a lot of Christians think Christianity is all about being on the right team, and the only goal is to get more people on your team, like a big game of Red Rover. But it's much more than that. It's about following Christ's example of living righteously, serving others, and lifting up the marginalized. And it's supposed to be entirely self-sacrificial, even to the point of death if that's what the situation calls for.
I think this is about 1/4 correct. The first paragraph is half right. These laws were often a moral improvement on what was happening before. On the other hand, there were other societies around the same time (or earlier) with laws that were even more moral by today's standards.
In most cases, I think your opinion #3 above is the answer. These laws reflect the values of one group of people from a long time ago. Naturally, our values are quite different today.
That's a great question, and I'm not sure there is a perfect answer. For me personally, as I encounter instructions in the Bible, I ask myself "What value is being upheld by this instruction?" Then once I've answered that, I ask "Is that a value that I want to uphold today?" If the answer is yes, then I ask, "How can I uphold that value today?" For one example, I look at the sacrificial system, and I see it as upholding the value of self-sacrifice. We are to give the best of ourselves in service to God. That is a value that I want to uphold today. But of course, today I don't do it by slaughtering animals. Instead, I give my time and money.
You're still missing the question, so I'll just ask it again. How do you reconcile your belief that righteousness is impossible with the OT (in this case, Ezekiel) talk of being righteous? Ezekiel 18 closes with a simple instruction to be righteous. If righteousness is impossible, was Ezekiel just ignorant? Were the Jews (including Jesus) who read and taught from Ezekiel ignorant? Has righteousness always been impossible, or is that a new thing?
So it sounds like you're saying righteousness has always been impossible. If that were the case, then Ezekiel 18 wouldn't make any sense. If Ezekiel understood that nobody could ever actually be righteous, then what was he talking about? How do you explain all of his talk of being righteous? Was he mistaken? Was he just kidding? &gt; If we were able to obtain righteousness on our own we wouldn’t need a savior. Who said anything about doing it on your own? And according to you, it's impossible to be righteous whether it's on your own or not.
&gt;Not picking and choosing based on personal preference or interpretation You added some extra parts there. We were talking about how best to follow the instructions in the Bible, and you took it somewhere else - picking, choosing, personal preference, interpretation. Nobody was talking about any of those things. That's why I asked you to elaborate. Can you please explain how you got from point A to point B? How did you get from what I said to what you said? &gt;Christ is the fulfillment by Himself being the sacrifice that we need for our sins since He Himself is the righteousness of God I agree with all of that. And by his sacrifice, he set the standard that we are to meet. I too will sacrifice myself just as he did. Or at least, I'll try. I don't understand what you're taking issue with.
Two years ago, I was in the exact same situation - 200k, 26yo, and considering baristaFI at 30. In the last two years, my mind has totally changed. When the goal was several years away I tended to think "How early can I quit?" But now that it's so close, I tend to think "Well, if I just worked another 12 months, I could..." Just something to think about.
&gt;The reason Ezekiel doesn’t make sense is because it is for Jewish people during the OT. It made sense for them because their salvation was based on whether they followed the law or not. That’s what Ezekiel is talking about. But according to you, they weren't able to follow the law. So I'll ask my question again, and maybe this time you'll answer it. If it wasn't possible to follow the law, then what was Ezekiel talking about? Was he mistaken? Was he crazy or ignorant? Was he just joking around? How do you reconcile your belief that righteousness impossible with the Ezekiel's talk of being righteous?
&gt;anyone who supports abortion is pro-abortion Well yeah, but what I'm saying is that nobody supports abortion. Nobody is pro-abortion.
By that definition, there is no such thing as a pro-abortion person. Nobody promotes the interests or cause of abortion. Nobody upholds or defends abortion as valid or right. And nobody argues or votes for abortion. There is no need to clarify your position any further. I understand what you're saying, and you are wrong. You simply misunderstand the position that you are attempting to describe. People use the term pro-choice not because it sounds better, but because that is the accurate term for those who support the parents' rights to choose whether to abort a pregnancy. To call it anything other than pro-choice is simply wrong. A helpful analogy might be the right to choose whether to join a hate group. I think hate groups are despicable, but I would be opposed legally prohibiting that choice. This is well summarized in the famous saying, "I disapprove of what you say, but I will defend to the death your right to say it."
&gt;This is exactly like saying "I don't support slavery, I support the right to choose to own slaves" Yes, that's a valid comparison. &gt;to support the right to choose a thing, is to support the thing itself. No, that's not true. You can support the right to do a thing without supporting the thing itself. I would never advocate for lying, but I totally support the right to lie. I would never endorse wreckless spending habits, but I absolutely support the right to spend wrecklessly. My opposition to something does not necessitate legally prohibiting it. You cannot seriously argue that, because I think wreckless spending should be legal, I must endorse wreckless spending. &gt;The conceived child in the womb is an innocent human life, therefore to kill it is murder. Whether abortion is murder is a separate issue that I don't have time to discuss, so I won't. I just wanted to point out that the term "pro-abortion" is simply inaccurate. It's a mythical mischaracterization of a legitimate position.
&gt; the pro choice platform goes much farther than neutral, disinterested 'choice-support' No, it doesn't. &gt; to enable it as much as possible including state funding programs Making it available falls under choice-support. That is not supportive of abortion itself. &gt; to define access to abortion as a basic human right Again, that is making it available by protecting it against those who wish to legally prohibit it, which falls under choice-support. That is not supportive of abortion itself. &gt; for your wreckless spending habits example, this would be like supporting the right to choose that and then lobbying for addictive product stores with dopamine-inducing shopping experiences to be placed in easy access of everyone I don't think that's a valid comparison because of two key differences. The state funding programs are targeted at funding the procedure specifically - not keeping the lights on at the offices or paying the staff's salaries. And the funding is conditioned upon certain requirements, including medical necessity. For this reason, a better comparison would be something like state-subsidized cell phones for people in remote areas without access to medical care. (That's just an example. I'm not saying that abortion is a strictly medical procedure, because again I don't have time to argue that point.) &gt; If the natural result of that occurs, no problem That is part of the "pro-abortion" lore. It's fiction. You won't find anyone who actually thinks that. Those who get abortions grieve them. Those who provide abortions grieve them. There is no one who is celebrates abortion. There is no one who favors it. There is no one who advocates for it. And there is no one who thinks it's no big deal to just go get an abortion. There is no one who is pro-abortion. That's a myth. &gt; There's all kinds of logical gymnastics here. If you mean that it requires you to think critically about a difficult and complex subject, then yes, it's a logically intense exercise. You can't just brush off all thoughtful dialogue as "gymnastics". &gt; abortion is factually murder I've already indicated that I do not want to discuss that, and you have pressed the issue anyway. So now it's harassment, and I've reported it.
&gt;You are trying to apply an OT concept to Christianity No. I asked you whether your idea that righteousness is impossible is a new development or if it has always been th case. You said it has always been th case. So I'm taking your idea, which you said applies to both the past and the present, and asking you to reconcile it with a text from the past. &gt;to ancient Israel who struggled with obeying Gods laws and committing sin. Actually, Ezekiel explained at the beginning of chapter 18 exactly why he was writing his message. It was to address a particular issue, but that issue was not the struggle with sin. He says explicitly at the beginning of the chapter that he was writing to address the mistaken notion that each person will be held accountable for the sins committed in their past (by themselves or by their ancestors), as well as the corresponding mistaken notion that each person is considered righteous according to their past (whether their own or their ancestors'). I'm not making an interpretive leap. That's what Ezekiel says about his own writing at the beginning of chapter 18. &gt;That cleansed them or as you would put it make them righteous. Perhaps I was mistaken. I thought you were saying that it was impossible to become righteous. But now it seems like you're saying they did become righteous by turning from their sin and obeying God. So which is it? Did I misunderstand you? &gt;Are you righteous? Are you without sin? I find it funny that when trying to discuss ideas on this sub, people feel so defensive that they need to call into question my integrity and demand to know more about me personally. Is that really necessary? Is it that hard to consider the merits of an idea without making it personal? I won't be answering those questions because they have no bearing on the issue at hand.
&gt;And what happens when you give people a label and a box is that people stop reading what the author is actually saying and interpret it within this 21st century interpretive box instead. Some people do that, but that's the fault of those select few. But for those who study responsibly, the labels are a very useful (perhaps necessary) tool. It's futile to misuse a tool, but the tool is not to blame.
&gt;It doesn't matter where the language is from. Please read the rest of the paragraph. &gt;&gt;In fact, the claims of an increasing Christology rely on such adaptations to support the idea. &gt;What do you mean? The idea of an increasing Christology is in part evidenced by the adaptation of older language (e.g. "Son of Man, Son of God, Likeness of God) to describe Jesus. This adaptation of older language is not supposed to be absent in earlier texts. It is merely supposed to be adapted differently.
&gt;Why would righteous people need to make sacrifices to atone from their sins? But once they've made their sacrifices and turned from sin, then they're righteous, right? Isn't that what Ezekiel says? So how can you say righteousness is impossible? &gt;never making a mistake That's not required (and it never was). That's one of the ideas that Ezekiel was contesting in his writing. God does not (and did not under the Law) require never sinning. Rather, according to Ezekiel, God required turning from sin.
&gt;We are a broke people twisted by sin and our own selfishness. As followers of God both in the OT and NT we strive to be righteous but always fall short. That's such a sad worldview. I'm sorry if that has been your experience. I'm thankful that I'm no longer burdened by such a depressing version of Christianity. &gt;Do you think they were righteous and if so why did they make sacrifices or even need laws in the first place? Acvording to Ezekiel 180, they were righteous precisely because they followed the laws and made the sacrifices.
&gt;I think this is our big disagreement No shit. We said that at the beginning. &gt;You do not think your broken or you are choosing to ignore it There you go making it about me again. Why can't we just discuss ideas without interrogating the personal lives the people who hold them? I do not accept your theory because it is irreconcilable with all the talk of righteousness, such as Ezekiel 18. You are saying on one hand that righteousness is unachievable, and on the other hand that the ancient Israelites had to follow rules to become righteous. I have pointed out this contradiction, and asked you to reconcile it, but you have failed to do so. That is the reason I do not accept your theory - not because of what I want or because of how I view myself. &gt;I can see why you cling to Ezekiel I clung to Ezekiel in this discussion because it was the subject of the conversation. &gt;because you want to believe that you are righteous on the inside There's no need to make personal comments about me. &gt;If we were righteous we wouldn’t need Jesus. 1. That's not true. 2. That's not relevant. Should we determine what's true by assessing whether we approve of the logical consequences? Of course not. This is another common theme on this sub (along with making everything personal) - making an argument about what's true by pointing to the consequences of a proposition. Truth is never discovered by looking at whether we agree with it's consequences.
&gt;when the Christians clearly included Jesus within their monotheism? That part is not crystal clear. Everything that I've read would suggest that it's wrong.
I appreciate you listening to and addressing my points. I would say that the conversation had been progressing, not going in circles. But now you've derailed the conversation, and I'm not sure why. Instead of continuing our civil dialogue, you have now reverted back to hyperbolic language and personal attacks. This is a common phenomenon (especially in this sub) where the conversation progresses smoothly until one party runs out of legitimate points to make. At which point, they reiterate their original claim (but in more extreme terms) and start making ad hominem remarks about the other person. It's a shame, and I wish you hadn't chosen to take the conversation in that direction. If you change your mind, and want to discuss it like a mature adult, then I'll be happy to continue.
&gt;when you report someone for harassment for simply speaking facts that you 'didnt have time for', Pressing a conversation that someone doesn't want to have, evn after they've made it clear, is an admittedly mild form of harassment. I was kind, objective, and direct (i.e. civil) in telling you that I would not be discussing that. Yet, you pressed the matter anyway. The mods always say that we should report any violations of the sub rules, so I did. &gt;transparently downvoting all of my comments I've only downvoted the comments that did not contribute meaningfully to the conversation, which is how the voting buttons are intended to be used. &gt;you have just called me... I cannot stop you from taking personal offense at my comments, but I can correct you when you do so mistakenly. Let me be clear. I do not think you are any of those things, nor have I said as much. You've demonstrated that you are more than capable of having an honest and reasonable discussion, which is why I lament the fact that you've abandoned civility.
Much appreciated. Will do.
Is that part of this bill? It's not one of OP's points.
Don't forget 457(b) accounts. That's an additional $19,500 per person. So the total would be $192,500.
I think the question stands. What does that change?
Always soon. Never now. 😞
Genesis 1:27 says: &gt; So God created man in his own image, in the image of God he created him; male and female he created them. Genesis 5:1-2 says: &gt; When God created man, he made him in the likeness of God. Male and female he created them, and he blessed them and named them Manfn when they were created.
I've read the original Hebrew and it doesn't say "them" at all. If you want to get into the original language, it awkwardly says "the gods created man in their own image, created male and female created." The original (it doesn't really make sense to talk about an "original" version) story probably referred to the Cannanite pantheon which included both male and female deities. But as the Yahweh cult moved toward monotheism, the story was taken to mean that Yahweh himself created mankind. Previously the idea was (as you suggested) that "All these male deities and female deities created mankind like themselves - a bunch of male humans and a bunch of female humans." But the language and cadence of the story became awkward when they changed it to be monotheistic. Basically it became "God created mankind like himself - male and female."
Verbal nods on the phone are great unless there's a delay. Then they're terrible. It sounds like you're constantly interrupting the other person.
&gt;It's OK to tweak the truth a bit for efficiency's sake I think this is the key for most people. I think I'm a pretty good storyteller. When I finish telling something to a group, while most people are expressing their responses (by laughing or by telling a similar story etc.), there's always someone who interrogates me to get every single detail. Then I have to break down my story, "Well, okay, I didn't actually go straight to that place. I stopped at the store first..." until the story is ruined and everyone is bored. Those same people ruin their own stories with their truthfulness and attention to detail. "Instead of starting with "It was really cold that day, and I was NOT dressed for it..." they start with "It was about 35 degrees, which isn't that cold, but it's on the chilly side. I was wearing a light jacket, but not the one with...." So boring.
a.k.a CoastFI
That's actually my plan. I expect to leanFIRE for a little while, then go back to school, then enter work in a new field, then retire again at a higher level.
Necessity is the mother of invention. You're saying a guard wouldn't work because the kinds of guards humans use wouldn't work. But why not use a guard that works for sheep?
I should have known better than to think outside the box on Reddit. There's no shortage of naysayers.
&gt;Someone explaining why it won’t work That's exactly what a naysayer is.
Obviously, 'un-American' here refers not to his nationality but to his mentality. The idea that a public office holder's job is to suppress certain constituents is contrary to state's and the country's founding principles.
&gt;No, a naysayer is someone saying ‘no you can’t do it’. That's exactly what you said. &gt;Explaining why a specific solution won’t work isn’t a naysayer Yes, it is.
I think Ezekiel 18 was written specifically to counter this theory. It says that one person will not bear the punishment for another person's sins.
As a Christian, I agree with this atheist. The best answer that doesn't get downvoted to oblivion in this sub is that we just can't understand God's ways. I don't think this is a slight against Christians, because there are better Christian theories. Those theories just don't usually gain any traction in this sub.
Your question is a common one. When more formally/logically presented, it looks like this: - If God is benevolent, then he does not want children to suffer. - If God is all-powerful, then he is capable of stopping their suffering. - God is benevolent. - God is all-powerful. - **Therefore God is willing and able to stop the suffering of children.** This conclusion is at odds with the reality that we observe - children still suffer. In other words, the conclusion isn't true, which means one or more of the premises must be untrue. In order to be valid, any explanation offered must be aimed at explaining which of these four premises is untrue, or at explaining why this logical progression is unsound.
What you're describing is the difference between natural consequences and supernatural consequences. I intentionally used the word "punishment" in reference to Ezekiel 18 in order to exclude natural consequences. I agree with you that children will bear the natural consequences of the bad decisions made around them. But when it comes to punishment imposed supernaturally as a consequence of sin, then Ezekiel 18 comes into play.
With very few exceptions, all societies (now or ever) have held the belief that we should preserve Life and alleviate suffering. Those are universally good.
I'm afraid you misunderstood. My statement that we should was not meant to imply that God should. My statement that we should do those things was meant to support my main point - that those things are universally good.
I agree that good can come from suffering. However, I think the prerequisite for justifying suffering in this way is that the sufferer is willing. With that in mind, I think the best we could do is modify the first point to say - If God is benevolent, then he does not want children to suffer **unwillingly**.
That's a great example to show that what's good to one person is not good to another. You think that your way is good, not hers. And she thinks that her way is good, not yours. Your different definitions of good reflect a different set of priorities (i.e. different values). By your theory, the same would apply to God. His values/priorities are different from ours, and therefore what seems wrong to us is actually good to him. I see two problems with this theory. 1. By your theory, God could be both benevolent and evil. He could be benevolent (according to his eternal perspective), but be the most evil thing according to our observations. He could send demons to systematically torture us in every possible way, and still be benevolent, simply because we don't see things the way he does. Or he could be everything that Zeus or Ba'al or Shiva has been, and still be our perfectly benevolent God. 2. For Christians, our sense of good is built on what God has commanded. Going back to your example, it would be like teaching her that it's only good to eat protein, then forcing her to eat vegetables. Do you agree that these conclusions would follow from your theory?
&gt;the answer is simply that as the creator and author of the living world, life is God's to do with as he sees fit. So essentially you're saying the third premise (that God is benevolent) is the one that's wrong because there's no such thing as benevolence in any absolute sense. He can do whatever he wants, whether it's good or ~~evil~~ different good.
&gt; God has never said that all suffering is evil It is commonly accepted (by Christians and others) that alleviating another's suffering is good, and that we should do so when possible to whatever extent possible. With that clarified, I will restate my point: For Christians, our sense of good (alleviating others' suffering) is built on what God has commanded. Going back to your example, it would be like teaching her that it's only good to eat protein (alleviate others' suffering), then forcing her to eat vegetables (not alleviating her suffering).
&gt;The church can tell it's attendees whatever is there in the Bible Only if the person presenting the information frames it as "This is how I interpret this text...and this is how I think it should apply to my life..." To present it as an absolute necessity for others or as if the teachings of the Bible are crystal clear would be dishonest.
I think you missed my point. You pointed to the popularity of this teaching. I don't think the popularity matters in a discussion about what's right.
Perhaps the Church of England has developed a culture of skeptical scrutiny, in which everyone is encouraged to see the leaders' teachings as mere data points for informing and developing their own beliefs. I'm not familiar enough with that denomination to say. I can say that, within the churches that I do know, it would not be implied that what's taught by the leadership represents only the personal interpretations of the leaders. It would not be implied that the congregants are supposed to merely consider that when interpreting for themselves. It would instead be implied that the congregants are supposed to accept what the leaders say and apply it to their own lives without questioning it.
&gt; doesn't it seem unlikely It doesn't seem unlikely at all. When you consider that, during the reign of the Church, people were punished severely (lives ruined or death) for questioning the Church's teachings, it's not surprising that people fell in line. On top of that, the Reformation overthrew the tyranny of the Church 500 years ago, and still a huge portion of Christians are reluctant to question their authority. Knowing these two things, I would absolutely expect that (whether right or wrong) the vast majority of Christians believed (or claimed to believe) the same things. &gt; every Christian Per my points above, we will never know how many Christians actually believed what the Church taught. During those 19 centuries, thinking for yourself was discouraged or even punished. The fact that some of them eventually got together and revolted would suggest that there was always some portion who disagreed.
&gt; Yet, there's no evidence of disagreement over this. I addressed this already. It's not surprising at all that those who may have disagreed would not have voiced their disagreement. There were plenty of reasons to keep your mouth shut. A lack of evidence cannot be taken as evidence to the contrary. The only reasonable conclusion is, as I said above, that we don't know. We don't know how many people disagreed. And that's okay, because the popularity of a belief doesn't matter.
&gt; We do have a way of knowing, though, that’s the Bible. As I already said: &gt; In this thread, God is doing something that, if a human were to do it, would be decidedly evil - standing idly by when fully capable of alleviating another's suffering - something that God has instructed us not to do because it's evil. He has taught us to recognize such behavior has evil. The Bible tells us that it would be evil to allow children to suffer and die if we are capable of stopping it. If you are saying that we should use that standard to measure God's goodness, then he fails. &gt; It sounds like you’ll only be satisfied with an objective truth of “goodness” that is somehow above God in order to define what is acceptably good for God to do My satisfaction doesn't enter into it. I'm just taking what you say and carrying it to its logical conclusion. If you don't like the logical conclusion of your statement, then perhaps you should revise your statement. If we use God to define "good" then it means nothing to say that "God is benevolent." The sentence simply loses all meaning.
That's a fair point. But he also went high up on a mountainside or far out in a boat before expressing those things. He made sure that what he said would only be heard by those who really wanted to hear it. He never preached from a street corner (except in coded language) or published an op ed.
&gt; I believe declaring God "good" is the only conclusion I can draw because God has declared himself "good". It is utterly meaningless to say that God is good, if "good" simply means "whatever God does." If that's your definition, then you're not conveying any information about God by saying that he's "good" or "benevolent". &gt; The Bible tells us that it's wrong for us to do these things I agree. I was only using the Bible as the measure of God's goodness because that's what you suggested. I said that, by your theory, we have no way of knowing what goodness is, and you said: &gt; We do have a way of knowing, though, that’s the Bible. So now you would no longer like to use the Bible's guidance on good vs. evil as a way of assessing God's goodness?
&gt; clearly This doesn't sound clear to me (from your excerpt): &gt; Jesus knew their thoughts and said to them, "Every kingdom divided against itself will be ruined, and every city or household divided against itself will not stand. If Satan drives out Satan, he is divided against himself. How then can his kingdom stand? And if I drive out demons by Beelzebul, by whom do your people drive them out? So then, they will be your judges. But if it is by the Spirit of God that I drive out demons, then the kingdom of God has come upon you. Or again, how can..." That's not clear. That's coded. These are parables, riddled with metaphor and allusion. **Just like I said.** Moreover, this wasn't in a public place. Before this episode, Jesus was in a public place, but he left to get away from the Pharisees: &gt; But the Pharisees went out and plotted how they might kill Jesus. Aware of this, Jesus withdrew from that place. A large crowd followed him Again, Jesus withdrew before he started preaching. **Just like I said.** Just as he withdrew to the mountainside or to the boat. The Pharisees followed him so that they could hear him. He did not impose on them.
&gt; It's not meaningless to say God is good, if God is the source of Good, he's the root, the etymology, the fountain from which all knowledge of the concept of good is derived. When you say God is "good", what do you mean? What are you saying about God when you say that? If the very definition of "good" is "whatever God does" then what information are you conveying when you say that he is good?
I have my theories, but I don't know for sure. Like I said, it doesn't matter.
Now we're getting somewhere. So the definition of "good" is actually "an existence, character, and actions that are always morally correct." I would argue that this is still meaningless, unless you can explain what "morally correct" means. So when you say that God's existence, character, and actions are always morally correct, what information are you conveying about his existence, character, and actions? What does it mean to be morally correct?
Oh, I thought we had established that popularity is not a measure of truth. So a belief could be right or wrong, regardless of how many people believe it. &gt; It was universally condemned without any controversy. Again, we don't know that.
&gt;Are you going to argue that for 1900 years everyone in Christianity was wrong Of course not. Like I said, we have no way of knowing what people actually believed, given the consequences of dissent. &gt;The fact that something is non-controversial is a measure of truth. No, it's not. Non-controversial is just another word for popular.
I have my theories, but I don't know for sure. Fortunately, we've established that it doesn't matter. And we don't know that they didn't dissent on this subject. A lack of evidence does not constitute evidence to the contrary.
So you simply replaced "good" with another meaningless term "morally correct". &gt; God is morally correct. And what does "morally correct" mean? &gt; It simply means whatever God does. So no information is conveyed by saying that God is morally correct. By saying "God is good," you have in effect said nothing at all. Edit: Maybe I can ask it a different way. When you tell me that God is good (or morally correct), what have I learned? What do I now know about God that I didn't know before?
&gt;So you're making a claim that there was dissent No, I'm not making that claim. I've said three times that we can't possibly know.
So when you say that an action God takes is good, all you mean is that he took it. "Good" means nothing beyond that, right?
A summary of what you've said: - There are two different goods - one for God and one for everyone else. They may overlap in some cases, and they may diverge in others. - "Good" for us is a measure of how closely we comply with the specific requirements or prohibitions found in the Bible. - "Good" for God is a measure of nothing. If he took the action, then we call it good. Beyond the fact that he took th action, the fact that it's good means absolutely nothing. You are insistent on using that word "good" to describe God, but that words carries no meaningful information. It's defined redundantly. In other words, you cannot say God is benevolent. Or rather, you can say those words, but you don't mean anything by them. But for some reason you want to say those words anyway.
Not everyone can afford Prime!
Personally, I don't like the waste of a to-go container. So I've chosen to buck a different stigma - ordering only a la carte. "I don't need five of those, so I'll just have two please." "I won't eat those sides, so I'll just get a cup of soup."
Why is that less concerning? If there's too much sugar, there's too much sugar, right?
Nuts are fruit...
&gt;usually But you didn't say it's unlikely that a teen would have the experiences that warrant credibility. You said you would not take a teen's advice. That's different. In other words, you would reject a person's advice based solely on the person's age.
I don't find these sorts of posts very useful. They don't promote any meaningful conversation, and they've become so common that they're difficult to ignore.
I agree. It's just a way for the commentator to lead you to his opinion.
Exactly
&gt;comparing this post to what is posted frequently Why? What prompted you to make such a comparison? Is the usefulness of the post to be measured only in relative terms? Are you saying this is good just because something else is worse?
&gt;But people praise him too Yes, that is my complaint. There is a lot of non-discussion material (like song lyrics). &gt;the fact that this sub should be Christians or people who want to learn more That's not a fact. It's your opinion. And it has nothing to do with my comments or with this thread. &gt;stop making people feel bad I haven't said or implied anything about anyone. No personal judgements here. &gt;for no reason I've made the reason clear. **These sorts of posts do not promote meaningful conversation.**
Yes, I understand that it is likely. My point is that it is not useful, and it is therefore out of place here.
I am a Christian, and I do not find this useful for the purpose of this sub. This is a forum for discussions about Christianity. These posts do not promote any such discussion. **What I am not saying:** - Praise is bad. - Praise is useless. - People should not praise God. - I do not enjoy when people praise God. - Reddit is not the place to express praise. **What I am saying:** - This post does not serve this sub's purpose.
They bother me because they do not promote meaningful discussion, and they clutter the feed so much that it's difficult to ignore.
&gt;to say singing praise looks like "mental insanity" But that's not what they said. This isn't singing praise. This is posting lyrics on a discussion forum without any prompting or commentary.
This is the wrong sub. Per the rules, this sub is for Bible related posts only.
I usually just lay mine down, where it promptly falls into the abyss, never to be seen again.
In neither case do they prompt substantive discussions.
That's not the point. The point is that this is a discussion forum, and this post is not a discussion starter.
But that doesn't happen. Watching paint dry **could** be interesting, but it usually isn't. To make the point clearer, note that OP has not made any effort to use this as a jumping point for conversation. It's just a naked excerpt of a song. To make the point even clearer, look at the comments and note that none of them is the beginning of a meaningful conversation. It's mostly "Amen" or some equivalent (or other people raising some variation of my point).
Take a look at the discussions that were started. They all pertain to whether the post is appropriate. I wouldn't call that achieving the point.
Whether they're interesting isn't the point. The point is whether this sub's purpose is to host those types of discussions. That is not this sub's purpose, so the post is out of place here.
I don't find these sorts of posts to be very useful. The don't promote meaningful discussion, and they've become so common that they're difficult to ignore. I don't think they fit this sub.
Of course it is. No question.
What is the difference?
Is that the difference that makes one option more right than the other? Whether it's natural?
Personally, I don't participate in those posts, but they do serve this sub's purpose as a discussion forum because they are very effective at initiating meaningful discussions about Christianity. These posts do not initiate any discussion whatsoever, so a discussion forum is simply the wrong place. &gt;I wish I want to be clear that I am not expressing *my wish* or my preference. I am pointing out the discrepancy between this sub's purpose and the nature of this post (and others like it).
&gt;I think it is a fairly straightforward position. I don't think it's that simple. If I understand your position, it's essentially this: *.*|**Unnatural intervention**|**Refraining from intervention** :--|:--|:-- **With intent to end life**|Not Okay|Okay **With intent to preserve life**|Okay|Okay If it were only a matter of life/death, then I would probably agree with this simple view. But I think what complicates this is that the question of whether to end or to preserve life is not the only question. In this case, there's also the question of whether or not to alleviate a person's suffering. I think most people (especially Christians) would agree that we have a responsibility to alleviate others' suffering whenever possible. So then we end up with two moral principles: - Do not intervene with the intent to end life - Alleviate suffering whenever possible Unfortunately, there are some situations where, in order to satisfy one of these principles, we must violate the other. It's a moral dilemma. There is, in these cases, no way to satisfy both of these. So it's not as straightforward as you suggest.
Your only response was to my point was "Yes never." If that's your view, then I have to ask why. How are those horrible things preferable to death? Why does preserving life take priority even in the most horrific cases?
Yes, I know you oppose it. But **why** do you oppose it?
Please use the prayer tag on prayer posts.
Why doesn't the same principle apply to preserving life? Why does it only apply to ending life?
But that leads back to the dilemma that I brought up. I agree that, according to scripture, we shouldn't kill. But, as you pointed out, that instruction is coupled with an instruction to comfort and heal. There's no clear indication that one of these instructions takes priority over the other. So how did you determine that one of these values should always trump the other?
The dilemma is this: Sometimes, the only way to comfort is to kill.
On what? That's not an opinion; it is a fact. There are situations where prolonging a person's life will prolong their suffering, and ending their suffering can only be done by ending their life. There's nothing to disagree with there. You asked for the dilemma. That's the dilemma. What you've been saying from the beginning is that you think the only way to resolve this dilemma is to prioritize the preservation of life over the alleviation of suffering. And I'm asking how you determined that that principle should take priority. Especially in light of the fact (as we've previously agreed) that scripture commands both without assigning greater weight to either.
In the example I already gave (Dax), his pain could not be mitigated at all. He is not the only one. It's not an "idea". It is an unfortunate reality. You can't just disagree with it.
Unnecessary perhaps. But not pointless.
Perfectly stated. It's not excusable, but the damage is far less important than the protestors' message that all lives should carry equal value.
Viewing this entire collection of people as a single "mob" is ignorant. The individuals in the crowd came with a variety of motives, and we don't know who exactly caused this damage. It could have been the BLM protestors. It could have been violent opportunists. It could have been infiltrators hoping to corrupt the protesters' message.
Do not feed this troll. He is just here to cause division.
You're somewhat right. If a steering wheel is too easy to steer, it could be dangerous. But "too easy" is going to mean different things for different people, mostly depending non the person's strength.
It's the military. Everything they do is at his behest.
Wrong. We must act when it is in our power to act. We must not let prayer become a substitute for doing good.
I don't understand what point you're trying to make. Are you trying to say that some people think you should speak up and other people think you shouldn't? Or do you mean it's the same individuals in both cases? Who here is telling you not to question them?
The historical event in question has Christianity at its center. It's not like other issues, where the political views are largely shaped by politics. In this case, it was an extremely high profile event that revolved around Christianity. Any discussion of the event must inevitably involve a discussion of Christianity. Since this is r/Christianity, this is the most appropriate place for that conversation. Moreover, that conversation will (and should) have many different aspects that are each worth discussing separately. So a single thread would likely diminish the meaningful conversation rather than promote it. Moreover still, the story is ongoing. As new information becomes available, the subject may need to be rehashed and rethought. So, even though a popular thread today may have the same subject as a popular thread from yesterday, it can still be worthwhile to have the conversation again in light of the changes that have occurred since yesterday.
&gt;Action and prayer aren’t mutually exclusive True, but in this case, your advocating for prayer wasn't a standalone statement. You made that statement in response to someone saying that we need to speak out and take action. Because you made no attempt to support, or even acknowledge the original claim, your statement was an oppositional one - substitung prayer for action. The most reasonable interpretation is that you think we should not take action, and pray instead.
&gt;It’s all my comment said, hence it stood alone. You don't seem to understand how a hierarchical discussion forum works. Every comment is in reply to thing above. OP said we should speak up. You completely disregarded that and said we should pray. Maybe that's not what you meant. But that's what you said. If that's not what you meant, then perhaps you should edit your comment for clarity.
Understood, but you didn't really answer the question. If we agree that the term 'Pharisees' in the Bible refers to a caricature of the oppressive Jewish leadership of that time, then what makes you think that it means anything different when used in conversation here?
No. I'm saying people sit too close despite already reaching the pedals.
Yes, and in addition to all of that, the resistance of the steering wheel is optimized to be easy (yet safe) for the average man to turn with arms fully extended (a safe distance). But that means anyone with less strength will have to sit closer (unsafely close) in order to achieve the same ease in turning the wheel.
I'm not the one who made up this weird concept of being despised 150 years later. I'm still confused about who's despising whom and for what.
And why did that need to be introduced into this conversation? How does it apply to the central point?
Yes, thank you for answering. Now I'm asking why that point needed to be made. Why was it introduced into the conversation before I asked about it?
I know you're not the person who first posed the idea, but you felt you could answer for it regarding what it meant. Now you don't want to answer for why it's relevant?
Because all of these posts about solidarity are being overrun with trolls. Their only goal is to divide people. So they bring up all kinds of stuff to distract from the movement and diminish its significance.
Yes it is.
Or it could be that the problem is real and pervasive, and it deserves to be protested.
How do you know they're attacking the police rather than the other way around?
I suppose it depends on whether he was killed as a consequence of systemic racial injustice.
You make it sound like the data fails to support the BLM movement. That's misleading. There are very very few statistics available pertaining to this issue. The data simply hasn't been collected. If your neighbor bangs on your door screaming that their house is on fire, you don't just sit there and say "There's no evidence of that." You either a) go out and see it for yourself or b) skip the proof and help however you can.
But it's not.
No, it's a comment you made. What makes you think the Tweet's caption is an accurate description of what's happening in the video?
Why would you doubt that? The protests themselves are about police brutality, so there's reason to believe the police could be the cause of the violence seen in the video. Without further information, it's impossible to say, but you chose to say anyway. You propagated unverified speculation. You should edit your comment to better reflect the reality.
And what exactly happened between the photos and the video? Still don't know, huh? You should probably just edit your comment to be more honest.
Why do you think that?
None of that has anything to do with what I said. You want me to disregard the hundreds of thousands of protesters across Europe, and instead use an anonymous subreddit to guage what "real" people think? I'm guessing that thread is overrun with the same trolls as this one. A bunch of anonymous users (like yourself) claiming to be European and denigrating Americans, trying to instigate division.
Obviously, more than a few people are okay with the protests if hundreds of thousands are participating in them. I'm saying you're a troll. I'm just saying you're indistinguishable from one. - You won't let up on the hateful rhetoric. - You are constantly harping on division. - You are trying to discredit the importance of the protests. - You refuse to discuss the matter in any depth. It's difficult to say whether you really have no meaningful thoughts or your talking points simply don't tell you how to handle more meaningful discussion. Like I said, indistinguishable from a troll. - You want to talk about the pandemic, but refuse to acknowledge the injustices that the people are protesting. Maybe you are real European who really feels this way, but you haven't given any indication of that.
And what about that makes you think the protesters attacked the police? You haven't hesitated to say what you think, but you seem reluctant to say why you think it. I can't help but wonder if you made up your mind without any evidence at all, and now you're searching for something to validate the conclusion you want to draw.
Of course you don't. Again, you've somehow managed to disregard all of my points and found a way to turn it into "Americans versus Europeans". You're still just trying to drive division, which is exactly what trolls do. I'm not saying you're a troll. I'm just saying you're indistinguishable from one, which is effectively no different.
Racial injustice is not unique to the US (and you can stop saying "your" as if I'm American).
&gt;True, but as I said, this is your political crisis. The protests are about racial injustice in law enforcement. That is not a uniquely American problem. Protests are equally as warranted in America as in Europe. &gt;You reek of hypocrisy. I stand by everything I said in that comment. It applies today as much as it did then. And it doesn't have anything to do with this conversation.
&gt;**it** depends You seem to be confused about (or intentionally trying to confuse) what **"it"** is. - **Whether his death is relevant to these protests** depends on whether his death was related to racial discrimination. - **Whether his life matters** doesn't depend on anything.
The racism in this thread just goes to show why these protests are necessary.
First, I want to make sure I've resolved your confusion about whether black lives matter? Have I clarified that for you?
Ok, how can I help explain that black lives matter? Where have I been unclear?
Oh, you were asking earlier whether a particular black person's life mattered. So we're clear now that his life does/did matter? Your other question was whether the protests pertained to his death. It sounds like his death was entirely unrelated to the racial inequality in the LEO system, so I would guess that no, the protests would not be related to his death specifically (though they would, of course, speak to the value of his life). Before moving, I would like to make sure that's clear. Is that clear?
The protests are a joke because they seek to resolve a particular category of unjustified violence? Is a movement illegitimate if it doesn't seek to solve all problems at the same time?
I explained this already. When people say the police are using military equipment, they are **NOT** saying the equipment is equivalent to that used by the military, and they are **NOT** saying the equipment came from the military. We know they don't mean that because it wouldn't make sense for them to mean that. What they do mean (and what makes sense) is that the equipment is better suited for military use than for local police use.
I'm referring to the equipment about which people say "The police have military equipment." I am explaining what they mean when they say that. Have I clarified that for you, or is it still unclear?
Answer my question.
I'm referring to the question I asked above. You said the protests are a joke merely because they don't protest all problems. Do you think a movement is only legitimate if it advocates for all things simultaneously?
I know this won't be popular, but to me, the most convincing argument in favor of 2A is that it represents equality with about as much significance as equal voting amendments. Allowing my neighbors to keep weapons says that I believe they are on my side. When I support 2A I am saying that I view you as my equal.
&gt;Guy is clearly punching the driver but hey lets push a false narrative by saying he was just trying to stop the guy from plowing into the crowd. It looks to me like he was definitely trying to stop the driver from plowing into the crowd. &gt;they need to go from point a to point b You can't just drive your car into crowd because you want to go from point A to point B. I can't just punch someone because I want to move my fist from point A to point B.
Where are you getting that?
What media is saying that? Can you cite a source? &gt;attacking his car and him for no reason You don't think it could possibly be have anything to do with him driving his car into a crowd?
The protest was peaceful. The guy driving his car into the crowd and the guy punching him weren't.
&gt;If only we had a team of people charged with protecting the public from themselves. Such a team exists, and they clearly failed to do so here. Perhaps we should revisit their policies and precatices. &gt;It does look like people swarmed his car Perhaps they swarmed his car to prevent another Charlottesville.
We're not gonna talk about how he drove his car into a crowd?
&gt;They consider your house AND your car your "castle" just for cases like this. In cases where you're driving your car into a crowd of people?
I don't think you understand what a riot is. This is not a riot.
No, they don't.
&gt;turn around Yes
It doesn't matter. In neither case is one entitled to drive through a crowd.
Fox? CNN? Who specifically? Do you have even one single source?
He fell over injured. Is that reaction you're referring to?
We will never know what he would have done had he not been made to leave his car.
He could have stopped before reaching the crowd. He could have never approached the crowd. He proceeded, knowing that he was approaching a crowd. And we will never know what he would have done it he had not been made to leave the vehicle.
People surrounded the vehicle **before** it slowed. From their perspective, it looked a lot like another Charlottesville.
Exactly. No real thoughts or consideration. Just a bunch of inflammatory support for the shooter and accusations against the protesters.
I'm not able to find any of your claims in those reports.
&gt;No one is entitled to block a road That's not true. &gt;and accost someone for trying to get through That's definitely not true.
Oh I see. Yeah, I think you're right.
What are you talking about? Where did you get that from?
Yep. He did.
I've already corrected you once. The people who approached his vehicle did so **before** he stopped. You said he stopped first, which is wrong.
&gt;which is the way many media outlets are playing the story. I'm not aware of any legitimate media outlets portraying the gunman as deranged. Do you have a source? &gt;clearly showing that whatever his intent, it was not to kill anyone. No, that's not clearly shown. That is exactly how the Charlottesville guy approached with his vehicle. &gt;The protesters likely did not appreciate this aspect Even if they did appreciate this aspect, they're actions were reasonable. &gt;He may have been trying to drive to work That doesn't matter. If the road is blocked, it's blocked. You don't get to just drive through anyway. &gt;reach a business in the heart of the protests That doesn't matter. If the road is blocked, it's blocked. You don't get to just drive through anyway. &gt;his car was stopped and swarmed by a mob - Three people is hardly a mob. - They approached the vehicle **before** he stopped. &gt;the driver fired one shot in self defense before immediately turning himself into the police. Maybe. Or maybe that was the plan. Only a thorough investigation will tell.
He drove toward a crowd. We will never know what he would have done it he wasn't made to leave his vehicle. No one is entitled to drive their car through a crowd.
Excellent example. No thoughts; just spewing inflammatory remarks.
Ok, but you didn't provide anything that supports the claims that were made above.
&gt;He intended to drive through a blocked road. ...which he is not entitled to do, regardless of why the road was blocked. &gt;Fuck these idiots I'm so glad we live in a society of laws so that people like you can't decide which actions are legal, based solely on your opinion of the person talk the action.
I can't tell what you're trying to say. Can you clarify?
&gt;hes giving examples of how the media spins this I didn't ask for just any examples of the media reporting on this story. I'm asking for any sort of support whatsoever for the claims made above.
You're sick. I mean that. You're actually wishing that you could be violent toward someone. That's not healthy.
&gt;I'm confused by this question. The question was specifically in response to the comment above. The person said (in reference to the driver entering the crowd) that the driver wasn't taking any more bullshit. That statement only makes sense if we assume that the driver went there with the intent of confronting the protesters in some way. So that's what I'm asking - is that we are assuming?
The people approached the vehicle **before** he stopped. There was no obvious reason to believe he was going to stop.
No, not when it's blocked. That's taught in every driving class. It's the same reason a driver is at fault if they stupidly attempt drive through high water. Just because there's a road and there isn't a sign telling you exactly what to do doesn't mean you can just proceed without any regard for your surroundings.
But that's not what we were talking about. Why are you changing the subject? Do you have a problem admitting that shooting someone is violent?
I'm not defending anything. I'm asking a clarifying question. I'll provide my reasoning once again. The above statement only seems to make sense if we are assuming that the shooter entered the situation with the intention of confronting the protesters. If he did not intend to confront the protesters, then I don't see how anyone could say he wasn't putting up with any more bullshit. **So are we assuming that he went there with the intention of confronting the protesters?**
A flooded road isn't blocked legally either, but the driver is still at fault for failing to adjust to road conditions. It doesn't matter why a road is blocked. No one is entitled to just blindly drive their car into a crowd.
&gt;pretending to know exactly what the shooter was thinking I have not once claimed or implied what the shooter was thinking. In fact, I have said five times that I do not know what his intentions were. You, on the other hand, have assumed that anyone who endorses this shooter's actions is on your team, and everyone else is "Antifa".
Still can't answer the question huh?
&gt;he ran over people That claim is not supported by anything that's been provided so far. It has not been shown that any media has reported that he ran over anyone. &gt;he shot a peaceful protester That claim is not supported by anything that has been provided so far. It has not been shown that any media has reported that he shot a peaceful protester. I get that the media is not reporting bit the way you want them to. But I don't care about that. I care about the claims that have been made here that are yet unsupported. No one seems to be able to point to a single instance of the media reporting these things.
We know that, for at least a few seconds, he drove at a dangerous speed through a crowd and toward a denser crowd. You're absolutely right that he may have been casually passing through. But from the perspective of the protesters, it's not unreasonable to suspect he wasn't going to stop. Notice the vehicle was still moving when the protesters approached it. They didn't know if he was going to stop. And we still don't know if he would have stopped if they hadn't approached.
It doesn't matter why. You said he stopped. I'm saying you're unfairly using later knowledge to assess earlier actions. We can see in the video, that at the time the protesters approached the vehicle, the vehicle was in motion.
&gt; It doesn't matter why. You said he stopped. I'm saying you're unfairly using later knowledge to assess earlier actions. We can see in the video, that at the time the protesters approached the vehicle, the vehicle was in motion.
&gt;I replied to that specific comment of yours to show your hipocrisy You replied to my questions to not answer the questions? In other words, you wanted to talking about something different? In other words, you wanted to drop that subject and insert a new one? You wanted to stop talking about the shooter being violent and start talking about me (a stranger on the internet) being hypocritical for asking a question? Don't try to change the subject. If you have a problem with something I've said, you can reply to the comment where I said it.
There is no way to interpret that sentence that is compatible with the truth. You said he came to a complete stop before he was attacked. The video shows that the protesters approached his vehicle **before** he came to a complete stop.
I'm not defending anyone. I'm pointing out that the driver is responsible for the motion of his vehicle. He could have stopped or reversed or turned around or taken another street all before this interaction occurred. Instead, he proceeded into the crowd. I am **not** saying that this tells us what his intentions were. We don't know what his intentions were. I **am** saying that not knowing makes the people's reactions reasonable. They didn't know what his intentions were either. Based on what I said above, they had reason to suspect the crowd was in danger. I am **not** saying anything about the people blocking the road. I'm certainly not defending them. Why are you fixated on them?
You tell me. You brought it up. You gave an inaccurate order of events. I'm simply correcting it. Why you brought it up to begin with is for you to explain.
You are juxtaposing those two facts as if they should be given equal consideration. But whether they should be given equal consideration depends on the order of events. Since you are giving them equal consideration, you are proposing an order of events, and that order is not accurate. In reality, the people engaged the driver **before** it had been determined whether he would run over anyone. In the end, he did not run over anyone, but that is only known in hindsight. It was not known at the time. And even now we don't know if he would have run over anyone if he hadn't been stopped.
&gt;It is obvious he didn't want to hit anyone, You're still getting confused about (or intentionally trying to confuse) the order of events. Everything you're saying about his "obvious" intent is based on things that happened **after** he got out and ran off. That's not a reasonable or fair way to look at it. If we're going to make statements about the people who approached him, it only makes sense to do so with the information that was available to them. At the time that they approached his vehicle, it was still moving toward the crowd.
&gt;You clearly said he was trying to drive into the crowd and run people over. You must be thinking of someone else. No one here has said that.
He is driving his car at a dangerous speed through a crowd toward a denser crowd. And that has nothing to do with why the people are there. Let's no skirt the issue. They are there to advocate for equal treatment under the law. Is that now considered a radical left position?
You mean like the truck driver who recently did the same thing, and the crowd didn't maul him?
&gt;I am pretty sure he is the one who stopped. Now you're just being pedantic. If a cop pulls someone over, it can be described as "the cop stopped them" or "the cop made them stop." That doesn't mean the cop actually pressed the brake pedal. I said the people made him stop, which is true. Are you just arguing that they didn't actually press the brake pedal? &gt;I am saying that if he saw the protest, he would expect police. If he knew that what he was approaching was a protest, then he shouldn't have driven toward it.
Of course it does. The testimony of multiple victims and eye witnesses is enough to open an investigation. That's what the BLM protesters are pushing for (at minimum) - opening an investigation. In other words, taking the claims seriously and collecting the relevant facts.
[This one.](https://www.fox9.com/news/no-injuries-reported-driver-arrested-after-truck-drives-into-crowd-of-protesters-in-minneapolis) &gt; After being pulled from the truck, a mob of people grabbed at the driver. However, a video shared online shows a group of men protecting the driver. "We can not hurt him," one man said. "It defeats our purpose." Other members of the crowd shouted "stop" and told the crowd to get the police.
Nobody said it's a crime. Nice straw man.
&gt;That's deserving of being lynched? Nobody said that either. Are you just here to spread misinformation?
It is misleading to say the statistics don't reflect that , because yhe statistics that could show that haven't been collected. If someone bangs on your door saying their house is on fire, you can't just stay inside and say "the evidence doesn't show that." You have to either a) go see or b) skip the proof and help however you can.
No you're missing the point. The comments above speculated that if this driver had been pulled from his vehicle, he would have been beaten to death by the crowd. But that's completely wrong. We have an identical situation, and that driver was protected. The speculators are unnecessarily (and perhaps intentionally) stoking unfounded fear and division.
No.
You're still getting the order of events wrong. He did stop, but pointing out that he stopped is anachronistic when discussing the actions of the people who approached him. They didn't know the future. They didn't know he was going to stop. In fact, we still don't know if he was going to stop.
Shooting someone is a violent action in any situation. You seem to be assuming that all violent actions are inherently wrong or immoral, but that's not necessarily the case, and it's certainly not one my assumptions. Some situations may require violent solutions, but the rightness or wrongness of the action doesn't determine whether it was violent. It's violent either way.
I would like to see data about how many times force is used against civilians and a breakdown of the gender, religion, age, and ethnicity of both the forced person and the forcer. And I would like to see how many (and which) of those occurrences result in disciplinary action. And, wherever possible, I would like to see a comparison between the proportions of people who commit crimes and the proportions of people who are convicted of those crimes, again broken down by gender, religion, age, and ethnicity. That data has not been collected, and it is therefore misleading to say that the statistics don't support the alleged abuses.
He didn't avoid anyone.
I'm saying shooting someone is violent. I've been saying that the whole time. And I'm still saying it. And if you ask me again, I will say it again.
&gt;A violent act doesn’t make a violent person though No one was trying to characterize the driver as a violent person. That would silly and presumptuous. The original (wrong) claim above was that the driver was the most peaceful person in the whole video. That is wrong. He just shot someone - an undeniably violent action (whether warranted or not).
He drove in a straight line.
No, no comprehensive data has been collected that would be capable of either supporting or refuting the racially biased law enforcement.
&gt;He didn't actively seek out to harm anybody You don't know that.
You can't be credited with avoiding pedestrians if you drive in a straight line.
What's with the sudden change of subject? You don't want to talk about the previous subject anymore? Did you run out of nonsense to spew about that, so you need to switch to something else now? Let's resolve one matter before taking up a new one.
&gt;He didn't hit anybody. But we've established that that doesn't count for anything because it's not clear that he intentionally avoiding hitting anyone. &gt;He tried getting away from the crowd as fast as possible b Wrong. He accelerated through a sparse crowd toward a dense crowd. &gt;It wasn't until he was boxed in and some animal tried ripping him out of the car Wrong. People approached the car **before** he stopped. &gt;He had ample opportunity to run over people but didn't. That doesn't mean he wasn't going to. We will never know what he would have done if he had not been made to leave his car.
Yes, he did slow down. So what? Why are you saying that? You seem to have forgotten the point of this line of reasoning.
Is that how you avoid making any actual thoughtful points? Maybe if you keep practicing, you can learn to hold a conversation that relies on facts and supporting reasoning rather than personal insults and vague disregard.
I want you to acknowledge that every comment you've made about this event has been misleading, unreasonable, insulting, or some combination of those things. I have addressed each of your points and explained, in detail, why they are wrong. And each time, you have failed to respond, disregarded my points, and resorted to personal insults. If you really have some reason to believe this driver had good intentions, then you can share them, but so far, no such reason has been offered. On the contrary, he approached the crowd in much the same way that the Charlottesville killer approached, so it was reasonable for the bystanders to think the driver posed a danger, and it was reasonable for them to intervene.
&gt;you act like the guy wanted to hit people while he obviously didn't. This is the problem with you people. You act like it's one or the other, black or white, this way or that. You act like he either definitely wanted to kill everyone or he definitely didn't. I'm not saying he wanted to kill people. You just made that up because you can't grasp what it's like to make a reasonable and measured assessment without jumping to conclusions. At the time when the people approached his vehicle, the vehicle was still moving toward the crowd after having had ample opportunity to stop. It is therefore **not** obvious that he meant no harm.
&gt;did none of that Did none of what? You seem to be arguing against something I didn't say. &gt;you can read his mind and KNOW that he intended to kill people I have specifically said multiple times that we cannot possibly know what the driver's intentions were. I am not suggesting that he was trying to kill people. Neither you nor I can know whether he was trying to kill people (unless you are more capable of reading his mind than I am). I wonder why you feel the need to argue against something I'm **not** saying while wholly disregarding the things I **am** saying. 🤔
You blamed a political party and made no attempt to answer the question.
I think the idea is that approximately 99% of what police do involves tasks that wouldn't require police if there was someone else available. So the solution is to hire the appropriate people and replace the police. A huge example is mental health calls. The police often get called simply because there is no professional counselor available on call.
I understand that I should not be calling attention to someone's gender unless it serves some purpose in the situation. In some cases, it's easiest to distinguish between two or more people by pointing to some easily recognized identifying features. If they're all wearing different shirts, then I might use their shirt colors. If the most easily recognized distinction is the genders that they present, then I might use gender to refer to them.
Ok, that's I thought. Just wanted to make sure.
That's not what this person is saying. This person is saying he/she wishes someone would given them a good reason to defend themselves so they could kill them. That's messed up.
&gt;being willing and ready to defend yourself That's not what the person above is saying. The person above is saying that they **wish** the protests would come to their city so that they could have the opportunity to kill the people in them. Wanting the opportunity to "defend" oneself is messed up.
The person above didn't say "ready". The comment says "unfortunately" the protests won't be coming to their rural town. They want the protests to come to their rural town so they can shoot the people in them. That's disgusting and wrong.
Are those tools available to me? I'm still learning to do restorations and I'm having a lot of trouble with the eyes.
&gt;No public opinion doesn't shift to that extreme in a month generally. How would you know that? The data suggests that it did. &gt;many pollsters made a stronger effort to try to tap in to that silent vote I don't even know what this means. Professional analysts already account for reporting biases. You think they all independently starting making the same politically motivated changes toward the end? &gt;The guy is a disaster as a candidate. This has nothing to do with the conversation. You're just shoehorning your useless opinion. The point is that you're factually, objectively, demonstrably wrong about the polls. You said something that isn't true. Why can't you just acknowledge that instead of trying to pivot into a criticism of Biden?
&gt;Ok most of what I was saying in my previous comment was technically an opinion. You said the professionally conducted polls didn't reflect the reality of your limited personal experience. That's not sensible logic. It's anti-logic, and it's wrong. It's flat out wrong. &gt;But its clear to me that weren't actually doing that for a bit. How is it clear to you? Every poll is published with a detailed breakdown of the methods used to collect and analyze the data. Did you find some error or omission in those reports? Or are you just going by feel, based on your limited personal experience? What makes you think the changes in the polls weren't a reflection in the changes of public opinion? &gt;but many things seem to point to that. What are these many things?
I used to be very proud of the Confederate flag (we call it the rebel flag where I'm from). I can tell you why I did. To me, it represented a lifestyle that I thought of as southern culture. Of course, I realize now that a lot of "southern culture" is the direct consequence of racism, and some of it still perpetuates racism, but I feel it's worth noting that overt racism was strictly against the rules in my house growing up. Personally, I have always made it a point to be inclusive and unprejudiced. Some of that was because I really valued inclusivity and some of it was moral licensing to justify saying and doing things that were inappropriate. At the time, I would happily admit that I did not agree with what the Confederates were fighting for. Nevertheless, I liked the rebel flag because, to me, it wasn't about what they stood for, but the act of standing itself - standing up for what you believe. It was also a reminder that the Union is not a permanent fixture. It showed that the Union was merely an agreement that serves a purpose and can be discarded when it no longer serves that purpose. I no longer see it that way. A number of things made me open to changing my mind. But what actually changed my mind was a firm grasp on communication. I learned that good communication requires both the transmitter and the receiver to share a common lexicon. If I'm using a word, but my listener and I don't have a common understanding of the word's definition, then I'm not communicating what I think I'm communicating. I might mean one thing, but my listener might hear another. And that's not necessarily the fault of the speaker or the listener. It's just a fact. Likewise, if I'm holding up a banner that, to me, means "I'm willing to stand up for my beliefs," but to you means "I don't like people with different skin tones," then I'm simply not communicating what I intended to communicate. It's a miscommunication. I realized that if I want to communicate this message, I need to find a commonly understood way to do it. I don't want to be hateful and I don't want to be percieved as hateful, so I need to find a way to communicate that isn't hateful and cannot be interpreted as such.
I am really glad that the people around me were patient with me and gave me the grace, the space, and the time that I needed to learn and grow. And I want to do the same for everyone around me. &gt;I feel like a big part of our divisiveness is both parties inability and unwillingness to understand where the other is coming from That's certainly part of it, but I don't think that's the most important part of it. Even if we fixed that entirely - even if we all started listening attentively to one another, we would still have miscommunications, and would therefore fail to resolve the problems we're trying to communicate. Personally, I think both the problem you highlighted and the problem of honest miscommunications can be avoided if we stop relying so heavily on symbols and slogans. In my view, that's the deeper root cause. Symbols and slogans require interpretation in order to be understood. The more room there is for interpretation, the greater the possibility of misinterpretation or abuse. Look at the phrase, "Black lives matter." At first glance it only makes sense to the people who already agree with its intent. To everyone else, it sounds like "only black lives matter." For that reason, symbols and slogans tend to be very unconvincing. Of course, they have their place. They're great for rallying people behind a common cause. But they do very little to change people's minds. And worse, they tend to turn others more strongly against the cause as they misinterpret its message. Symbols and slogans are not only subject to misunderstanding; they are subject to abuse. If you and your cause rally behind a symbol, but then a bunch of people who share different values adopt the symbol for themselves, how are you supposed to signal the distinction between your cause and theirs? The swastika was an Eastern symbol of prosperity until the Nazis adopted it for themselves. Now, when my Hindu neighbors put it on their door during Diwali, it scares people. Similarly, a totally depraved president can pick up a Bible and have a photo session in front of a church, and its difficult to distinguish between that and genuine Christianity because so many Christians rely on those objects to signify their faith. So when I realized that the rebel flag was failing to communicate what I wanted to communicate, I didn't just substitute another flag, because flags are really only useful as symbols when they mean the same thing to everyone, which is rarely the case. Instead, I choose use full sentences whenever possible. Or even better than broadcasting my message, I open up a two-way dialogue to ensure that my listener and I understand each other.
I am really glad that the people around me were patient with me and gave me the grace, the space, and the time that I needed to learn and grow. And I want to do the same for everyone around me. &gt;I feel like a big part of our divisiveness is both parties inability and unwillingness to understand where the other is coming from That's certainly part of it, but I don't think that's the most important part of it. Even if we fixed that entirely - even if we all started listening attentively to one another, we would still have miscommunications, and would therefore fail to resolve the problems we're trying to communicate. Personally, I think both the problem you highlighted and the problem of honest miscommunications can be avoided if we stop relying so heavily on symbols and slogans. In my view, that's the deeper root cause. Symbols and slogans require interpretation in order to be understood. The more room there is for interpretation, the greater the possibility of misinterpretation or abuse. Look at the phrase, "Black lives matter." At first glance it only makes sense to the people who already agree with its intent. To everyone else, it sounds like "only black lives matter." For that reason, symbols and slogans tend to be very unconvincing. Of course, they have their place. They're great for rallying people behind a common cause. But they do very little to change people's minds. And worse, they tend to turn others more strongly against the cause as they misinterpret its message. Symbols and slogans are not only subject to misunderstanding; they are subject to abuse. If you and your cause rally behind a symbol, but then a bunch of people who share different values adopt the symbol for themselves, how are you supposed to signal the distinction between your cause and theirs? The swastika was an Eastern symbol of prosperity until the Nazis adopted it for themselves. Now, when my Hindu neighbors put it on their door during Diwali, it scares people. Similarly, a totally depraved president can pick up a Bible and have a photo session in front of a church, and its difficult to distinguish between that and genuine Christianity because so many Christians rely on those objects to signify their faith. So when I realized that the rebel flag was failing to communicate what I wanted to communicate, I didn't just substitute another flag, because flags are really only useful as symbols when they mean the same thing to everyone, which is rarely the case. Instead, I choose use full sentences whenever possible. Or even better than broadcasting my message, I open up a two-way dialogue to ensure that my listener and I understand each other.
But why bring gender into it at all? That's the point here. You could argue that labeling the larger or rougher one 'men' is pretty often accurate, but it would be even more accurate to label the larger or rougher one 'large' or 'rough'. So why use a less accurate label?
The institutional pedophilia in the Catholic Church is a great parallel to the abuses we're seeing in law enforcement. And it's interesting because Jesus himself warned about it. He spoke against monolithic organizations that wield power over those around them. He said that if you ever create positions of power, then power-hungry people will seek out those positions, and eventually they will figure out how to occupy them. He said that the ideal organization (he was talking about religious communities, but I suppose it would apply elsewhere) would be small, decentralized, and temporary. And when the organization's job is done, it should be replaced by other small, decentralized, temporary organizations.
Protesting is a First Amendment right. Making money is not. And there's a good reason why. Protesting is more important.
Alright
&gt;"making money"... you mean that thing you need to do to literally survive. You seem to be stuck on talking about how important it is to make money, but it's still not a right. Protesting is. And there's a good reason for that. &gt;and in your head protesting is more important???? Yes, because when I am able to make money, I have the forethought to save some of it in case I am suddenly not able to make money. I recognize that my ability to make money is a fleeting luxury, and I do not take it for granted, and I do not think other people should be put in danger so that I can make more money. &gt;This conversation falls below the intelligence bar that I'm capable of sustaining. Personal insults tend to lower the quality of a conversation. Perhaps if we avoid them, you'll find that the conversation is more intelligent.
That's terrible, and I think it touches on something that Christians (Protestants in particular) don't talk about enough - churches are democratic. We would like to say that our leaders were called by God to lead, and we like to say that they are telling us what God wants us to hear. But in actuality, they are chosen by the congregation to tell the congregation what the congregation wants to hear.
What are Graphika's credentials? How do I know this is legitimate?
An interesting exercise would be to group these attributes by author. The differences and similarities between the groups would give us a glimpse at each author's theology.
This is wrong. Of course we already know the answer. The recent ruling was based on the established interpretation of gender equality. Gender equality among clergy has already been handled by the court, so we know how exactly how it will applied to LGBT people. It has been deemed acceptable to have biases in religious leadership positions if the bias is required by the religion. But this exception is limited to leadership positions. The same inequality is not allowed among church staff. The idea that the so-called "gay agenda" is going to force churches to do anything is just fear mongering propaganda.
&gt;To me, the Bible makes it clear that Jesus is the only way to live forever with God in heaven. It's funny because, to me, the Bible makes it clear that none of what you said is true.
I recommend the book *The Universal Christ* by Richard Rohr. He is a Catholic priest, and he has a compelling take on this question. The gist is that Christ (or the Logos) is reflected not only in Jesus, but in all of Creation. Creation itself is the offspring of God. That would naturally include all of us. And since God loves his creation by uniting with it, there is no reason to think he would abandon us to suffer.
&gt;I didn't say it was unknown. I said we didn't know what the answer is Those two statements are incompatible. Either it is known or it isn't. In this case, the precedent has already been set. &gt;I'm trying to be as truthful and accurate as possible. I don't see how that is a bad thing. Trying to be as truthful and accurate as possible is a good thing. Do not my correction as a personal slight. In this case, your best attempt to be truthful and accurate happened to be inaccurate.
&gt;They all experienced the same thing. And yet their accounts are quite different. Based on their widely varying accounts, what gives you the impression that their experiences were identical? &gt;It is the same spirit in all of them; He never changes. And yet they all describe the spirit in such different terms. Perhaps your theory is right, but I'm not aware of any support for it. Nevertheless, it would be interesting to see the differences between what the authors believed, based on the ways that they described the spirit.
That's kinda rude. I was just noting that what we think of as "clear" might not be as evident as we think. What we think is the clear or obvious meaning of a text could, in some cases, be taken to mean exactly the opposite in someone else's eyes.
Experience is certainly one factor, but we know that there are other factors at play as well. What they wrote about the spirit was likely influenced by their personal experiences, by their communities' experiences, by their theological beliefs, by their writings' agendas, by their cultural influences, and host of other things.
&gt;Which is why I prefaced the quoted statement with, "to me." Yes, and so did I. &gt;When you didn't provide any actual counter points That's because you started with "to me." I'm going to argue against your own perspective. You're free to have your own interpretation, and that's fine. I'm not trying to dissuade you from it. &gt;it left nothing to really reply to If you have nothing nice to say, don't say anything. &gt;just the possibility of reading things differently I'm not just pointing out the possibility of that happening. I'm noting that that's what actually happened. &gt;So, that's a cool story, bro. Doubling down on the rudeness huh? It's interesting to know that the kind of person who interprets heaven and hell as described above is the kind of person who uses snark in lieu of kind, thoughtful discussion. That doesn't bode well for that interpretation.
&gt;You can't have the spirit in you and lie; that's just unacceptable. Who said anything about lying? I'm not sure how you got that from what I said. &gt;The disciples didn't have any theologies. I'm not talking about the disciples. I'm talking about th Biblical authors. And I'm not sure what you mean by saying they had no theologies. Do you mean they didn't believe anything about God? They didn't have any philosophical positions or ideas of their own? &gt;There was culture back then but they never let culture influence anything. That's a pretty bold claim. I would be interested to know how you came to that conclusion. &gt;They preached one thing: God gave us his son for the debt of our sins. I don't know what that has to do with this discussion, but most of the authors actually don't say that. &gt;REPENT and believe in him as your Lord and Savior and receive the Holy Spirit and that was it. The whole new testament can be summarized just into that. The rest are stories and experiences of the believers. I'm not sure about that. Several of the verses in OP's list don't fit into either the "repent" category or the "personal experiences" category.
&gt;Jesus and God are no strangers to sarcasm, harsh language, or unkind rhetoric and they are morally perfect. Paul talked about wishing people he didn't agree with would castrate themselves and David prayed that the teeth of his enemies would be broken. &gt;As the author of ecclesiastes says, there is a season for all things. If you're trying to justify your intentional and unnecessary rudeness, then I don't think your version of Christianity is the kind that I'm interested in learning any more about. And again, I think it reflects poorly on your interpretation above. If, to you, the Bible is a way to justify rudeness, then what's to say your interpretation on heaven and hell isn't motivated by the same? &gt;You insinuated I hadn't considered other interpretations were possible Then allow me to clarify. That is neither what I said nor what I meant. In sharing my interpretation, I was trying to do exactly what you were doing by sharing your interpretation. I thought it was worth mentioning (especially since you used the word 'clearly') that I had read the same texts and arrived at the opposite conclusion. I neither said nor meant anything about **you**. But somehow, that seems to have offended you to the point that you thought it warranted a rude reply.
The interpretation that you described is exactly what I have found to be untrue by reading th Bible.
Okay, and what about the rest of what I said?
I'm not dismissing yours. I can't dismiss your perspective. I have no basis for doing so. I can only express my own perspective, which is opposite of yours. I specified that my interpretation is exactly the opposite of everything you said. There's no need for me to copy/paste your entire comment, but negate every sentence. It's much simpler to say that I found all of it to be untrue.
See my comment above. I made several points, and you replied to only one.
I was merely offering another perspective. You offered yours. I offered mine. It seems like you were offended that someone would dare reach a conclusion different from yours, or dare mentioning it. Yes, my comment was short, but it had all the necessary parts - a position and a reason. My position is exactly opposite of yours. And my reason is exactly the same as yours - because it's clear to me in the Bible.
Still, I believe the people who kicked them out would agree that racism is bad. They would just define 'racism' in a way that somehow doesn't include what they did. The commenter above is right. Pretty much everyone agrees that racism is bad. The key difference lies in the ideas about what constitutes racism.
Seems like you missed this part: &gt; we must actively remedy the problems
Dating all the way back to the time those words "love your neighbor" were first recorded, there has been disagreement over who your "neighbor" is. There have always been those who believe that your neighbor could be anyone and should be everyone. And on the other hand, there have always been those who want to proclaim love and say they love while creating boundaries regarding who they love. They know that love is right, and they want to get credit for being right, but they don't want to actually do the right thing in any way that could be challenging or inconvenient.
Definitions of words are descriptive, not prescriptive. You and I could make up our own definition of the word 'racism' right now if we wanted to, and there's nothing to stop us from doing so. And as long as you and I have a shared understanding of what that word means, and we can use it to communicate, then what we have is a definition of the word. Of course that new definition would not be shared anyone else, so naturally if we try to use the word in communicating with anyone else, it will lead to confusion and/or conflict. &gt;What they did is textbook racism When you say that what they did is textbook racism, you're saying that what they did fits your definition of racism and the definition shared by most/all textbooks. (It fits my definition as well. I would call their actions racist.) But they definitely can and will create their own definitions.
It's just Queen.
I guess you really Schruted it.
Why do you have to bring race into it?
&gt;but the "abomination of desolation" is something that is considerably worse than that. In what way do you think that's different?
Because usually a "Christian" movie's primary intent is just to reaffirm the beliefs of the Evangelical audience. Any other goals (interesting characters, captivating plot, insightful ideas, clever dialogue, artistic expression) are secondary or non-existent.
The busty mermaid contortionist really drives the point home.
What does that have to do with the prohibitions listed in Leviticus? In what way is the "abomination" death sentence different?
Then why didn't you ask for people's opinions or offer some kind of discussion-promoting commentary? You just copy/pasted a controversial excerpt. Regardless of your intent, your actions are those of a troll - someone who posts inflammatory content and promotes division.
What does that mean? In what way will you take responsibility?
&gt;One is dead No, in both cases, the prohibition carries a death sentence. So how does a prohibited "abomination" differ from other prohibitions? What makes you think that OP's excerpt is different from prohibitions that don't explicitly use the word 'abomination'?
Wow. This sounds like some crazy science fiction. How did you get all that from the word 'abomination'?
&gt;Learn some Hebrew Done. &gt;and how to read Biblical scripture Done. &gt;you will figure it out. You could just tell me. How am I supposed to figure out what you're thinking? Just explain it yourself.
I'm asking how you determined that the word 'abomination', as used in Leviticus, is meant as a reference to the afterlife. I don't see any evidence of that. So if you see evidence of that, perhaps you could explain it to me.
Neither are the protestors.
I'm more interested in your claim that... &gt; Cops are getting shot by civilians with real bullets, and you're concerned about them returning fire with rubber ones You changed the subject so you could bring this up, so you must think it deserves discussion. So let's not abandon it so quickly. Do you know of any resources I can use to learn more about that?
So you just made all that up, or what?
Okay, you're just denying what you said in your comment above. Anyone can read it. I've quoted it twice. You're spreading misinformation, while simultaneously denying that you said it. I was hoping you had something meaningful to contribute, but it seems your only aim was to distract and deflect.
Discussing one problem is not equivalent to ignoring another problem. However, you entered a conversation about police violence, said nothing about police violence, and gave a critical portrayal of a completely separate issue. That's actually hypocritical.
You're confusing the protesters with the violent opportunists. This post is about the protesters.
&gt;are not a significant issue That's what I thought. That's what I said. I understand your intent perfectly. You don't think it's significant that the police are repeatedly firing into peaceful crowds. That's not a problem to you. To you, it doesn't matter what violent things the police do to civilian A because civilians B and C are doing something violent. That's ridiculous. It's hypocritical and shameful. And trying to derail a conversation just because you don't like its logical conclusion is the very definition of trolling. You're a troll.
&gt;There you go again. There I go again what? Pointing out the subject of the conversation? Seems appropriate, nay necessary, given that you are repeatedly deflecting away from the subject, which is unjustified police violence. &gt;As I quoted the OP, civilians don't use rubber bullets That's not what they said. They said civilians aren't the ones blinding people with rubber bullets, which is different in that it pertains to the subject of the conversation - unjustified police violence. Your paraphrase leaves out the central point. You missed the point when you initially replied, and you're still missing the point. And as I explained above, your missing the point must be intentional. &gt;Stp misquoting me. Pure projection. Everything I've quoted has been copy/pasted directly. But you keep rephrasing others' comments in such a way as to change their meanings. On a separate note, it seems you're having trouble staying on subject and formulating a reasonable response, so I recommend that you review [Graham's Hierarchy of Disagreement](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Graham%27s_Hierarchy_of_Disagreement.svg). You'll find that most of what you've said falls on the lower end of the hierarchy.
&gt;You ignore the fact that my argument centers on refuting the OP claim No, you missed the point of OP's comment. You were refuting something that nobody was saying. You argued against a misinterpretation. And I haven't ignored it. I addressed it directly several times. &gt;Instead, you resort to calling me a troll. In every single comment I have responded directly to your central point. Directly. Every time. I only mentioned trolling after you made your responses themselves the subject of the conversation. I didn't just call you a name; it was part of my supporting reasoning. Now that I've addressed every single one of your non sequiturs would you care to respond to the point that you originally missed/disregarded - that the police are acting with unjustified violence against civilians?
Some of us understand that making money is not a guaranteed right. It is a fleeting luxury. So when we have the opportunity to make money, we put some in savings in case we are suddenly unable to make money. There's no need to wish ill for someone or to make degrading assumptions. It's quite possible that some people were financially responsible enough to prepare for a shutdown, and don't want to be endangered just to accommodate the people who didn't prepare.
&gt;Bottom line an undeniable fact is minorities are being hurt the worst by this whole ordeal. Shutdown included. That's not entirely true. The surge in unemployment is disproportionately composed of white people. You need to tune out of your conservative media for a minute and talk to the people around you. I think you'll find that the "liberals" are normal people who aren't trying to accuse you of anything. There's no need to lash out so harshly.
Never miss an opportunity to hate on young people, amirite? Edit: Is this sub being brigaded or what?
&gt;Majority of my media is entirely liberal That's even worse. You need to realize that the "liberal" media is not representative of what any significant number of real people think. It's hyperbolic and sensationalized. Secondly, not all media is broadcast or print. You need to tune out of whatever information stream has convinced you that the liberal media represents what real people think. &gt;It's safe to say Abbot is trying is best to handle both things 1) make sure there are still businesses to come back to and 2) keep people from catching the virus. Yeah, that's the problem. That first thing is not the government's job. The government was not established to protect profits. It was established to secure the safety and liberty of the people.
I wish they would run these ads all the time, not just in election season.
Property value has nothing to do with it. If your property value rises, you reap the same benefit (in absolute dollars) regardless of how much you owe. So proportionally, you actually reap a greater benefit if you have less equity in the property.
I gathered from the rest of the conversation, that he/she actually meant that they pay only the minimum with no additional principle.
Oops. Looks like you missed the point. Here it is again: &gt; Unfortunately, your time in the securities and commodities space has not helped you here. You've demonstrated that your understanding of the situation is lacking. You've said three times that the rise or fall of property values will make paying off a mortgage either better or worse than index funds. (You even bolded it.) But that is a mistake. The rise or fall of property values doesn't enter into this calculation at all. It has no effect whatsoever.
&gt; and your property value rises substantially That is untrue. You keep saying this, but it's wrong. The rise or fall of the property's value has no effect in determining whether it's better or worse to invest or to pay off the mortgage.
I tried explaining how wrong they are, but the comments are locked.
Ok, fine. You said: &gt; If the market goes down **and your property value rises** substantially, index funds are worse. Then you said again: &gt; If the market goes down and your property value rises substantially, index funds are worse. Then you said: &gt; in a scenario where the market falls and his house appreciates when the losses and gains are realized is one where he actually loses Here, you almost realized the error in your claim, but then you hand-waved it away: &gt; This is offset by his gain in appreciation, but the delta still exists. Then you have a big, long, hypothetical calculation in which you looked at two scenarios. But in both scenarios, you subtracted the outstanding balance from the appreciated value of the house: Scenario 1: &gt; He then subtracts that from the appreciated property value of $500,000 Scenario 2: &gt; That means he has to subtract $404,661 (bank repayment and money he invested added together) from $500,000 In other words, the difference between these two scenarios is the same regardless of the property's change in value.
Why are you fixated on what the news says? Presumably the comparison is based on readily available data, not the news.
I'm picturing a high fashion version of My Name Is Earl.
&gt;However, it also doesn't mean you have to say that you support lqbt ideology, or assert that having sex with someone who is of the same sex is not sinful. Why did you feel the need to add this? Why was what you said previously not sufficient?
I recently learned that this is exactly the same way the term "sinner" was used derogatorily by the religious elite in Jesus's day. In their view, anyone they didn't approve of was labeled a "sinner". When Jesus and his disciples adopted terms like "friend of sinners" for themselves, they were using "sinner" sort of sarcastically. It's like if Trump called Romney a "friend of the commies", and Romney decided to wear the label as a badge of honor, showing his acceptance of others and showing the illegitimacy of the derogatory term.
&gt;just like we tell someone who is a perpetual liar that that’s not good either That's equally inappropriate. One of the central themes of Jesus's teaching was to stop focusing on what everyone else is doing wrong and start focusing on what you can do better.
&gt;then others will never understand how they are sinning. That's not your problem to solve. One of the central themes of Jesus's teachings was to stop worrying so much about other people's sins and focus on what you yourself can do better.
&gt;before spreading the Gospel Do you think spreading the gospel (good news) means telling people how morally reprehensible they are? That's ridiculous. &gt;everyone must be perfect Believe it or not, when you focus on getting the log out of your own eye, you actually can.
&gt;we have all sinned I've noticed that this phrase is rarely used on its own. It is usually thrown around when talking about other people's sins. In other words, it's not used as a way of focusing on improving oneself. Rather, it is used as an excuse to judge others - "I'm going to tell you what you're doing wrong, but it's okay because I do stuff wrong too." Or, as above: &gt;there is no judgment, we all sin. I've wondered why people cling so tightly to the doctrine of total depravity, and now I think I get it. It's not a low of oneself. It's a way of justifying a low view of others.
But what if it clearly isn't? What if a gay person is experiencing life to the fullest and communion with God? Then would you stand by?
&gt;It means spreading the Word of God, all of it. You managed to avoid answering the question. Do you think telling other people the good news is telling other people how morally reprehensible they are? Wow, such good news! &gt;But you're never going to be perfect. Jesus said to remove the log from your own eye. And I don't see any evidence that he was kidding or exaggerating. Jesus also told others to stop sinning, and again I don't think he was just joking. And other Biblical passages teach that followers of God should be perfect and obedient, and I don't think they were kidding or mistaken. So what makes you think that it's impossible to do what God wants us to do? What makes you think his instructions can't be followed?
&gt;I don't think that You just said you're never going to be perfect. You don't actually think that? &gt;Tell people the truth. And to you, the truth is that they are morally reprehensible? That's what the good news is to you? Delivering a conviction? That's not good news. That's horrible news.
&gt;You can’t be fulfilled and sinning willfully. But plenty of gay people are happy, fulfilled, and in communion with God. So in those cases, will you just stand by and keep your mouth shut?
&gt;You keep creating this "morally reprehensible" strawman argument I'm not making an argument. I'm asking a question. And I'm repeating the question because you keep avoiding it. Just answer the question. OP said we shouldn't tell people that they are morally reprehensible while we ourselves on morally shaky ground. You interpreted that to mean we shouldn't spread the gospel while we are imperfect. So it would seem that, to you, spreading the gospel means telling other people that they are morally reprehensible. However, that's all a little ambiguous, so I would like some clarity on whether that's really what you think. So would you please tell me if, to you, spreading the gospel means telling other people that they are morally reprehensible? &gt;If **you** are afraid... Don't start down the road personal assumptions and ad homenim. Just answer the question.
&gt;You're making up an argument I'm not making any argument or claim. I'm asking for you to rephrase your initial response in less ambiguous language. To me, it seems like you were saying that spreading the gospel is telling people how morally reprehensible they are. If that's wrong, then please tell me. That's all I'm asking. I'm not arguing for or against anything.
That's what I thought. So your original statement was actually not true: &gt; I’m not going to sit back and watch someone ruin their life You don't actually care whether they're ruining their life or not. You are bound and determined to tell people how wrong and disgusting you think they are, regardless of whether that information is going to improve their lives. It has nothing at all to do with them or their lives or their wellbeing or their relationship with God. It has everything to do with you being right and seeing them as wrong.
&gt;It is also made clear that we need to hold our brothers and sisters in Christ accountable I've definitely heard that taught by some Christians, but I've never seen that clearly in the Bible. Keeping others generally accountable is definitely not among Jesus's teachings. Again, one of the central themes of Jesus's teachings was to stop focusing on what others are doing wrong, and start focusing on what we ourselves can do better. Usually, this theme is seen in Jesus's interactions with the Pharisees, but we also see it in some of his parables and in some of his sermons.
&gt;If your brother or sister sins **against you**, go... You missed a very important part. Some translations don't include that part, and I can only speculate as to why. (I suspect because, that way, people can cherry pick it to justify judging others.) But Matthew 18 is describing a situation in which one person is hurting another, and how the victim should handle it. It's not talking about when a stranger is gay, and you want to go tell them it's wrong. &gt;1 Corinthians 5:12 makes it clear that you should correct the sins of those inside the church That's not what it says. It doesn't say to hold others accountable. It says to simply stop associating with people who do not share your values. That's generally good advice for everyone.
&gt;you are to deliver this man to Satan As I understand it, to turn someone over to an authority is actually an act of withholding judgement and withholding accountability. When someone commits a crime, but instead of getting revenge, you allow the courts to handle it, you are "delivering", or turning them over, to a higher authority. You are recognizing that it is not your job to hold this person accountable. In this passage, I believe the author is saying the opposite of what you're saying. He is reminding the readers that it is not their job to keep the whole world in line. As he says later, that would be an impossible task. Rather, the readers' job is to keep themselves pure, which means a) not associating with with people who do not share their values and b) not allowing destructive behavior to destroy the community. &gt;translating it without "against you" would seem to mesh well with that You can't choose a translation based on it meshing well with your interpretation. &gt;Where have I given you the impression that I'm talking about going up to random strangers to tell them how they are sinning? It was a hyperbolic example to illustrate my point.
&gt; When I say ruin their life, I don’t mean their life here on Earth. I mean their spiritual life I didn't realize that's what you meant. Thanks for clarifying. Are we to believe that what's sinful on Earth is different from what's sinful in the afterlife? Could something that is life giving on earth be destructive in the afterlife? Or could something life-destroying on earth be good in God's eyes? I think your line of reasoning demonstrates the problem with focusing on the afterlife. It's great to have hope in the afterlife. But you're going a step further and disregarding the known in order to prioritize the hoped for. And even worse, it goes against Jesus's whole message of self-sacrificial love for others. Securing one's own place in heaven is solely self promoting. You're willing to tell someone something that is likely to hurt them and is possibly untrue for what? So that they can better serve themselves by securing a place in heaven?
But why did it need to be said?
That's not what I'm saying at all. I'm saying the opposite. I think we can agree that what's good in this life is good in the afterlife. And what's bad in this life is bad in the afterlife. But you're trying to make a distinction between the two. You're saying that someone's life on earth may be completely fulfilled, fully loving and serving God, yet their spiritual life may be destroyed. In other words, that which gives life on earth could lead to spiritual death in the afterlife. In other words, the person in the street could be missed by every car here on earth, but you still won't sit back. You still want to shove them because you think the future car is going to take a different path.
But nobody was talking about asserting support. I'm asking why you brought that into the discussion. Why did feel that it was insufficient to simply agree with the main point - that we shouldn't be condemning people for their sins? Why did you need a "However..."?
There's a weird surge of comments knocking young people in this sub. I'm not sure what's happening, but every single post has these comments along the lines of "haha kids dumb too tho". I've only noticed it recently.
I'm kinda wondering if a random selection (like jury duty) would produce better results than our elections. If your politicians are below the level of the average citizen, then on average, a random selection would be an improvement.
I understand the wording. It's the intent that is wrong. OP is disparaging study and intellect and promoting faith as a more important pursuit.
When giving directions: "You can't get there from here. You'll have to go..."
I can't tell if this is satire.
That was the idea, but it's never actually worked like that. And honestly, why should it? When a president makes a decision, he sits down with a group of advisers. They present the options, and the president chooses a course of action. But why does that need to be one person? Why couldn't it be three people who serve in staggered, 6-year terms? A unitary executive is even less necessary in the case of military action. The Joint Chiefs of Staff each head their respective branches, and can make decisions on the fly. That's usually what they do anyway. And they can do so with greater understanding and expertise than the civilian president. To the extent that a civilian president tells them what to do, a plural executive could do so just as well.
&gt;but it's advising you to study the Bible more "beware of anything beyond these". I read these as referring to scripture. Yes, that was established in your previous comment. But how do you get "study the Bible" out of this? What Bible could the author have possibly been referring to?
I'm not asking about either one of those things. I just want to know what in that passage tells you that the author was referring to the Bible?
&gt;just because there are more cases doesn’t mean the hospitals will reach over capacity. That's true, but no model has suggested as much. &gt;I understand I don't think you do.
Neither the existence of an orange nor its convenience would logically lead to the conclusion that God exists. And just to be clear, I believe God does exist. But his existence is in no way supported by oranges.
You cannot reason a person out of a position that he did not reason himself into.
It also seems really important that the human body isn't just absorbing heat. It's also radiating its own heat. AND the radiation that it absorbs from the outside is quite a different set of frequencies from the radiation it transmits.
So much science to do!
&gt;The band of Infra-red Who said anything about infrared? If you consider all the radiation that comes at a human body and compare it to all radiation that is emitted by the body, you'll get two very different sets of frequencies.
Of radiation, which contributes to heat.
