This is one of those things where the letter of the law often differs from how it's applied. I'd be surprised to see a judge actually give the parents problems over this.
Yeah, that's a ban.
So you used bitcoin to get around federal firearm laws? Yeah.. I don't think I'd pursue this if I was you.
Christ, kid. You just keep admitting to breaking the law. Fucking *stop.*
That's a different thing. You've broken federal law.
What you did would still be illegal. The money is gone. Hope to God you don't get a knock on the door from the ATF. If you do, say absolutely nothing without your lawyer present. You'll probably still be fucked, but at least you won't make it any worse.
Do you have any idea how many posts we get about people who've been busted for buying drugs on the darknet?
Are we taking odds? I'd normally lean towards scam, but he *did* actually get a gun from the same guy once... I'd say it's 50/50.
You know what's in Europe and Asia? Russia.
I'm gonna go out on a limb and say "no, not remotely."
Hahahahahahaha. Fuck, dude. I've already got a bruised rib. Don't do this to me.
I'd ask your lawyer.
Okay. Listen, here's the long and the short of it: you've broken a number of laws that are taken rather seriously. If you're very lucky, nothing comes of it. Nobody tracks what you've done, and nobody comes and knocks down your door in the middle of the night to haul you away. If you aren't so lucky, it's going to be a long few years. While your friends are going off to party in college, you'll be in federal court. While they're worried about finals, you'll be worried about the federal prosecutors who are dissecting everything you've ever done. That is where you have a choice. You can take that possibility seriously. If you do, there's a chance that you can walk away from that hell largely unscathed. If you *don't* take it seriously, then you may very well spend your 30th birthday in an orange jumpsuit. You've already fucked up. Say a prayer and hope it doesn't go further. If it does, take it seriously. There's really no other advice we can give you.
I got in my last big comment. There's really nothing left to say.
You seem to have missed the point.
Ah, good man. This is the first thread I've jumped into in ages. Definitely a treat, troll or otherwise. It'll be good for BOLA in another five hours or so.
Use that money you have. Or just wait. If it becomes a big deal, they'll change their minds. In either case, best of luck.
No. I'm only going to say this one more time, then I'm done: You should hire an attorney.
Thanks. Fucker hurts more now than it did right after.
In afraid it isn't the first time I've bruised or broken a rib. It's not a lot of fun, I wouldn't recommend it.
Well, that's a first. Do I get a commission or something?
Oh, it's you again.
&gt;SAD SAD SAD Christ, I thought Trump's twitter account was annoying.
To the reporter: Yes, it isn't from /r/legaladvice. While the sub is mostly for /r/legaladvice posts, we've historically allowed interesting posts from other subs. We prefer to let the votes decide.
I did vaping for awhile, but I went all the way back to cigs during the election. They're just so good.
I can only go through so many "fuck, I need a cigarette" moments in a given day before I'm gonna smoke a cigarette.
I've been told that it's fine if the cum is freely given.
Those people have to be qualified. Finding enough of them to get the job done is a big deal as it is. In guessing you don't know a lot about the Bar?
You have to be an attorney in good standing, and willing to take the time to do the grading.
It's finding enough lawyers in good standing with the time or inclination to do it that's the issue, all to solve a problem that doesn't really need solving.
Not really, no.
We've had this question a dozen or more times in /r/legaladvice. It's likely to be considered a booby trap.
I'd contact the company first. It's possible that they underpaid you earlier for some reason, and are setting it straight now. If that's the case, I'd ask them to send you a paystub so that you have documentation. If it was just a mistake, be ready to pay it back. "Error in your favor" works better in Monopoly than it does in real life.
Not only are you not a lawyer, you also don't know what you're talking about.
No way. Three in one day isn't even noteworthy. I swear we've had months where three in a day was below the average.
Has what been used? The presidential motorcade? It's used all the time.
Man, I vaguely remember that. Not well enough for any detail.
Snitch.
What makes you think it's memorized?
When we say that someone is "innocent until proven guilty" we mean in relation to the court. The court assumes innocence, and we don't hand out punishment until they're proven guilty. Others are free to assume guilt. This includes the school.
If the goal is to get folks to watch more of the West Wing, I wouldn't start with Isaac and Ishmael. The characters are, well, out of character. It's more preachy than even the most preachy of the regular episodes. I'd be a bit turned off by it.
Not every bit of advice given by a lawyer is strictly legal in nature. Sometimes the answer is "let it go" or "you need help" or "get the hell out of my office or I'm calling the police."
You're looking at this too narrowly. Sometimes someone needs a nufmdge towards reality, and there's nothing wrong with an attorney providing that. The sub mimics that in some cases.
It pays to have either a lawyer or a campaign professional familiar with these kinds of issues. I couldn't imagine running a campaign without an expert on hand. Low-level candidates often have supportive attorneys willing to work pro bono.
Ideally, yes. The strengths and abilities of those local parties may not mean that you get much help, though. But even in very conservative areas, I've always been able to find some progressive attorney willing to work on the cheap. I'm sure the opposite is true, too.
Okay, folks. Before we get started, let's lay some ground rules. Things that are okay: * Civil disagreement * Polite discussion about the legal issue in question * Generic references to everyone's favorite tired /r/bestoflegaladvice memes Things that are not okay: * Personal attacks * Stale circlejerking about how much starred users suck * Requests for an MS Paint drawing because, for fuck's sake, that makes no sense on this one. This isn't an exhaustive list. If we can all be adults, I'll let this stay up. I'll even ignore the bait-y title. If not, I'll lock it. It's as simple as that. And to OP: no more bait-y titles.
Fine, but we get the rights to the eventual movie.
Sometimes laws change after the fact. A court could rule a certain type of common clause unenforceable *after* the contract is written. They're just covering bases.
I'd say your within reach of a restraining order. A lawyer would make that easier, and there might be a local legal clinic that will provide one for you. You should absolutely *not* contact him or respond in any way. Block him from everything. You should really go to the police. It's your best shot at getting this guy to stop. I'd go to your HR or a trusted supervisor and talk to them about this, just so they're aware. It's best to get ahead of something like this.
Where's the fun in that?
The more evidence against him, the more likely they are to stop him. That means that going forward is the only course of action that is likely to help. Ignoring it isn't going to do anything. I understand why you're scared. This is scary. You don't deserve this. But if you don't take action, nobody else will. I'd talk to your parents about this. I know that can be hard, too, but they might be able to help. At the least, they should be aware of what's going on for their own safety; this man sounds dangerous. If you do go forward, people will find out about it. It's unlikely that you'll be able to hide this from your parents. Again, it's probably best to get ahead of this rather than letting them find out on their own.
In those sports, it's expected. Clitheslining someone isn't expected in a soccer game.
Do we really need meta bullshit on top level replies?
Sorry, he's referencing a popular and unrelated post from yesterday. Sometimes the peanut gallery chimes in for no good reason.
Well, it ain't self defense.
~~Is this state or federal? ~~ E: sorry, I missed the WHD bit. It isn't quick.. I wouldn't be surprised to see it take six months or longer.
Wait.. You said this is in South Dakota, and you went to Denver for it?
It could be as easy as looking at a computer with poor security, or a subpoena to the search engine. This is better suited for /r/legaladviceofftopic
He needs to hire an attorney to help him get a custody agreement. Absent that, there isn't much he can do. Waiting 5 years isn't going to help his case. &gt;let me know if you think I posted this in the wrong place Sure thing. You shouldn't have posted it in /r/mensrights if you wanted good advice.
I've never regretted not getting into a fight. I can't say I've ever regretted getting into one, either, though. Either way: of course I'm not seriously recommending that OP continue assaulting people.
That may protect the league.
&gt;I doubt someone else will come along Oh, ye of little faith.
After the first time you asked, I thought this might be a defense. Upon the fourteenth time, I've decided that it likely isn't.
And yet, as large as their eyes are, OP's troubles are bigger.
There was an update. I assume it was removed as a troll post. It was pretty troll-y. He said that his house was shot up, and that the victim's brother was involved in gang activity.
You're doing God's work, son.
I've never seen a post like this where the sub backed the harrasser. Link?
...but he still knows which way it blows.
If I remember correctly
Yes, you could get fired. We have no way of knowing whether or not you will be.
There's often an available range of fines. It's conceivable that you could get an offer for a lesser charge, too. That's where deals come in.
You're asking a question that we can't and won't answer. Folks have mostly just danced around it so far, but I'll be upfront about it: we can't answer that for you. If you'd like, it might be worth calling a couple of these attorneys, telling them your situation, and seeing what they think they can do for you.
Yeah, I'm with /u/zanctmao on this one. I've certainly seen folks get unemployment under similar circumstances.
Alright, gang, I'm sorry, but I'm shutting this one down. It's a good post, but it's just gonna get further off the rails.
I used to, but we all switched to Slack.
I have a love/hate relationship with it, but most of the mods I work with love it. I tend to prefer it over IRC, especially on mobile. I've tried a good dozen mobile IRC clients, and didn't really like any of them. The only thing I miss is the ducks.
&gt; My last communication with the former employer was a month after the termination, regarding payment that I was owed. Can you elaborate on this payment that they owed? Do they still owe it? &gt;I'm afraid that somehow in the background check, the termination will come up and the new company may have second thoughts. From their description, this really sounds like a basic criminal background check. They may check references, but I'd honestly be surprised if they haven't done so already. Your previous company can legally say anything that is either true or their opinion if asked. They can say, for example, "OP showed up to work late 4 times" if you did, in fact show up late to work four times. They can also say "OP wasn't a good fit" or "OP seemed lazy", as these are opinions. They cannot outright lie. Realistically, though, they're most likely to only confirm your employment and say whether or not you're rehireable. This is pretty standard for most companies. &gt;ALSO regarding how to file regarding the job I quit after one day and accepted another offer for - do I answer that I refused work? Technically I accepted and quit. Do I just file the payment for the one day when I receive it? How will this affect future filing? I'm unclear on this. Are you asking how to get unemployment for a job that you didn't work?
I agree with /u/grasshoppa1. I had a similar issue with an old landlord in PA. It was a small apartment, and not particularly noteworthy, but we had it set up just about perfectly. Whenever the landlord was showing a similar unit, she'd show ours. After her walking in one too many times without notice, I threw a bit of a fit over similar wording in the lease, and she stopped. There were two keys for me. One was that she never gave more than 10 or 15 minutes notice. I'd get a text as she was pulling up to the building, and that's it. I pointed out that we had to set up the showing a day or two in advance when *I* saw the apartment, so I knew that she wasn't doing most of them on no notice. I also pointed out that she wasn't actually trying to rent *my* apartment, but one similar. That was the bit that my lawyer keyed in on when I talked to him about it.
The last straw for me was when I heard her talking to a prospective tenant in my bedroom while I was taking a shower. It's obnoxious.
Because "good reading comprehension" and "victim of common scam" don't go well together.
Since you're asking this in /r/legaladvice, I'll give the only advice we can really give: Get a restraining order, and file for divorce.
&gt;This is a marriage counselling issue, not a legal issue. And God knows you don't want to ask a bunch of legal professionals for relationship advice. Healthy relationships are not our strong point.
There's some pretty good quality vinyl flooring out there nowadays. The best of it is roughly on par with a good laminate. It's more expensive, though. I think if I was the property manager, I'd just put in some super cheap laminate or something. Assuming, of course, that I'd do any of this. They're already going above and beyond.
Put yourself in the shoes of a scammer. You're breaking the law in order to separate fools from their money. You probably live in some developing country, oceans away from your marks. Your means of making a living is *illegal*. Would you be likely to file a police report and testify in court in order to get your marks locked up? Or do you think that might be a phenomenally stupid, risky move for you to make?
The problems usually stem from some combination of alcoholism and long work hours. The overly cautious attitude towards some stuff is usually just either mildly annoying or mildly charming.
You're going down a bad road here, man. Either agree to the terms, negotiate in good faith, or move on to another option.
I dunno. Vinyl is typically more expensive than carpet. I'd probably try to get OP to replace the carpet with something like laminate on their dime, graciously agree not to make them replace the carpet, and hike up the rent for the next tenant. In my area, at least, you typically pay more to rent a place with solid floors.
Yeah, we might be talking about different things. I'm thinking of the plank stuff. You might be thinking of the old school stick-em tiles. Those are tacky as fuck. If we're talking those, I'd insist on them replacing the carpet.
I'm with you, man. Why, just last night I went to the bar and they *charged me for a drink!* I've never been so outraged. I mean, that bartender's getting paid by the bar! How dare they charge me, too?
Sounds like a great deal. It's unrelated to your question, though.
Right. It's been forever since I played high school sports, but I'm pretty sure the equipment cost more than the fees to play.
The key of the analogy works, though. I was rendered a service, and paid for it. You're doing the same. This is true for other mandatory things, too, like paying your taxes. The other difference between our points is that yours wasn't an analogy. It was an assertion that you shouldn't have to pay for a service if the person rendering it gets a paycheck. That's just stupid, and isn't how *anything* works. The guy making your burger at McDonalds gets a paycheck, you still pay for the burger. The person fixing your car gets paid by the shop, but you still pay for the repairs. The cashier at the grocery store is paid by the store, but you still pay for the groceries. The doctor at the hospital gets a steady paycheck, but you still have to pay your medical bills. I could go on until I run out of professions.
Time to start talking to lawyers. Don't talk to the police without that attorney present. Where are you?
Contact your local Bar Association. They can give referrals to criminal defense attorneys. Some will likely offer free consultations. If nothing else, it would pay to know who you'll be calling if you get arrested. You haven't been charged with anything, which means you aren't going to get a public defender yet. You can wait it out, and try for a PD once you're arrested and charged. PDs are real attorneys, and they're good. They are available at no or little cost to those who really can't afford an attorney. That's not a bad way to go. In the meantime: shut up. Quit talking on social media. Don't say anything about this. Don't respond to police requests to speak.
I just threw up in my mouth a little.
Thanks to /u/ExpiresAfterUse for the recall: &gt;So a little backstory, we moved into our apartment in 2009/2010 and we used to have a dog for many years until he passed away in 2012. My son who is now 12 was around the dog all the time, but on April 29th, 2017, he had his first allergic reaction to Oak pollen and dog dander from a cookout we were at. Then we had my son take an allergy test and he was diagnosed with having severe allergies to both dog dander and Oak pollen. We live in a heavily wooded area and directly behind my apartment about 20 feet away is numerous amount of Oak trees, my living room and my both of my children's bedrooms are on that side of the apartment and we also have a few Oak trees in front of my apartment. &gt;We looked up what are the best way to help control his allergies in the apartment and numerous websites recommended the removal of carpet and replaced with vinyl flooring. Since our entire apartment has carpet except for the kitchen and bathroom, we figured we would talk to our property manger to see if there was anything they could do to help. We were told that we would need a Doctor's recommendation and that we also needed to fill out a Reasonable Accommodation form and the property manager said they would let us know if we were approved or not. Well we had our child's Doctor fax over the papers and we were approved for carpet removal but the property manager said they had to talk to the contractors and that once everything was all set they would let us know when they would be measuring the apartment and installing the vinyl flooring. &gt;The property manager had texted my spouse and said "the best that they could do is just put vinyl flooring in his room." We said that wasn't good enough because our child lives in the entire house not just his bedroom. The property manager said that they would get back to us after discussing it with the head of maintenance. From what our Doctor told us and what we have read online, it is highly recommended to replace the carpets with vinyl, wood or other types of flooring other than carpet. Since pollen and dander stick to carpet and can prove difficult to vacuum all of it out. Our property manager is notoriously known for saving their company money by always doing things the cheapest way possible and we feel that they are putting the company's checkbook before my child's health. &gt;We do not feel like our property manager is being reasonable with accommodating our child's needs. What can we do?
Good try, buddy. Sometimes it pays to have friends in high places.
They can't force you to sign it. It sounds like they don't have any leverage with which to do so, anyway.
&lt;3
I don't know. I don't know what you said, or about whom you said it. I don't want to know, either. In any case, my advice stands. This may just blow over. If it doesn't, do as I said. In the meantime, shut up.
Oh, god. That's another sub that I wish wasn't so fucking crazy.
This apartment had a top lock, but I only used it if everyone was in. I didn't live alone.
Laminate is popular enough around me. Not as pricey as hardwood, but you'll still get a bump for renting a place with it. I don't remember the last time I rented a place with carpet.
The thing is, carpet is easy to replace. Laminate, hardwood, all of that takes more labor. A couple of guys can carpet an apartment in an hour.
Sure, but the wrong tenant can scuff up your laminate. That, coupled with a higher cost of replacement, means you're arguably paying more. Or you put in hardwood, charge me a fortune, and get someone who loves a good hardwood floor and takes care of it.
I'm only allergic to cats, but I can't stand carpet. The red wine is a big factor in that.
Normally I get on people for going overboard with information. You're the opposite. Start at the beginning, and spell it out. What's going on?
No, you really haven't
Is there any reason they would think they could do this?
Did they pay anything for the house? Loan you money for the down payment? Anything?
Then send the lawyer a [Brown's letter] (https://goo.gl/images/0ZtSPO) and move on with your life.
So rather than availing yourself of a free, qualified, and experienced attorney... You're gonna go it alone? Seems like a solid plan. You've done this before, after all, right?
Ah, true. Thank God for sturdy prewar concrete block buildings like mine. My neighbor could blow up their kitchen and I wouldn't hear it.
Are we voting? Can I nominate /u/demyst?
*Especially* the Yinz King. It's not bad being the Yinz Court Jester, either. Just ask /u/demyst.
Do you float in the water? If so, you're a Yinz.
Is this really bestof-worthy, or did you just think the name of the firm was funny?
Yeah, that's my experience with vinyl. There's a huge price range, from the cheapest trashy sheet stuff on up to the nice plank. The expensive stuff is pretty damn good. I helped a friend put in one a couple months ago, I'd definitely do that.
Not if you keep this up, you won't.
Oh, for fuck's sake.
Yup. My dad's response to his brother's death was "well, that spoiled his whole day."
Interesting. Theoretically you could take our laminates with you, but I've never seen it done.
It's like pornography. Sometimes literally, depending on the OP.
I hate weekend /r/legaladvice. Everyone is so confident about their understanding, and completely lacking nuance. OP, here's the real answer: maybe. You may very well get unemployment here, but there's no guarantee. If I was a gambling man, I'd bet that you *will*, in fact. You'll almost certainly be denied initially, but you've got a good shot if you appeal. The reason there's no guarantee is because this is a borderline case. If you show up with documentation of everything you've described, I can see it happening. I've certainly seen appeals won by the employee for a less compelling story.
I'd bet it goes fairly well, actually.
You're describing the standards for a bad firing, not unemployment. Unemployment is much easier to get.
There's a bit of irony in the fact that you had two top level comments here and the one with shaky advice is at the top while the good advice is downvoted to the bottom.
Something between "nothing" and two years incarceration. The only way to know for sure involves sacrifices to dark gods, and I'm shit at divination. I'd bet on probation, but your outcome is likely to be better with a lawyer. Even a minor theft conviction makes you unhireable for many businesses, so take this seriously.
I've got a buddy with a cabin up in the hills of Central PA. Nice property, nice cabin. He's not poor, but he's not exactly well off, either. His grandparents left him the cabin when they passed. Either way: I've got a lawyer. I still talk over problems with lawyer friends for free before I pay for formal advice. It's not exactly a bad idea. Why pay for a service until you know you need it?
It's not illegal, so long as their statements are truthful or their opinion. It's generally a bad management practice, though. It might be an issue the union would like to address, though.
True. I've fired a fair number of people for falsifying data on campaigns. I always talk about that. One or two public firings tends to stop that in its tracks.
Do you typically pay by handing him a check? Every lease I've signed included an address where I could send a check. Does yours? And to your edit: yes, you'll still owe rent.
Document everything. Don't spend the money, you'll owe it eventually. Does the lease specify payment methods at all? What does it say?
Right. Which is why you document and pay the rent when he shows back up. Keep trying, to be safe.
Good luck.
Probably for the same reason that most countries no longer execute people for petty crimes: they find it morally repugnant.
Is it just me, or does it seem like there's been an influx of that since the big update the other day?
No.. The issue is that they're entirely different things, not the language. Right-to-work laws have to do with unions in the workplace. At-will employment means the employer can fire you for nearly any reason. Not all states are RTW, but almost all of them are at-will.
No. Again, Tennessee is a right-to-work state, which governs how unions work in the workplace. They are *also* an at-will employment state, which means you can be fired for nearly any reason.
I'm allowing this. We've allowed posts from other subs in the past, and there's some good shit in there. Don't bother hitting the report button, folks. ETA: on the advice of my attorney, I'm adding the following disclaimer: Everything on reddit is probably bullshit, and /r/askreddit is doubly so. Take anything in there with a grain of salt.
You have to be *properly* restrained.
It's rare to get it right on the first go. I just appreciate the OPs who answer the follow up questions without pitching a fit.
Damn. Then I'm out of ideas.
That's more or less right, but I'm really not an expert in the ADA or the various regulations governing service and support animals. I do, however, love dogs. They're the best. Sorry I can't be of more help.
So when's the wedding, elder? And where's my invite?
It's all yours.
Yes, I'm sure it's a coincidence. He was just wearing his favorite iron cross shirt and walked into a KKK rally on his way to buy milk.
He's still in it. This is allll part of his plan.
It's a common code for "get out of my office, you fucking nut."
We've discussed this before. As a political question, it could be interesting. As a legal question, it's pretty boring.
Presidential pardons are, indeed, limited to federal crimes. E: that reminds me of the Making a Murderer megathread. Folks were trying to get Obama to pardon someone convicted of murder at the state level.
I'm sorry, did you have a legal question?
There are lots of things that are both leaks AND completely legal. In fact, most leaks are completely legal.
Huh? What does that have to do with the Espionage Act?
I don't think it does have that implication. It just means releasing something through unofficial channels. Sometimes that's even done with the consent of the folks involved. I've personally leaked information to reporters under the explicit direction from my boss. Communications professionals (in politics, at least) do this all the time.
Partly because the current administration doesn't have a good comms shop. It's frankly appalling to see the amount of unauthorized leaks coming out of the West Wing about the most inane shit. "Spicer is sad that he didn't meet the Pope" is a leak, it isn't classified, and there's no reason it should have ever made it to a reporter.. And yet, here we are. I think most folks here a silent "classified" after the word "leaked". As in "James Comey leaked [classified] memos detailing his interactions with the President." It sounds like none of the information in these memos was classified. Personal recollections of private conversations need not be classified, unless those recollections reference something that *is* classified. So if Comey leaked a memo detailing his conversation about, say, some top secret counter intel program, *that* would be illegal.
How has this effected you? As in, how bad is the anxiety? Because I want you to imagine how much worse it'll be when there are news reports about that crazy dude suing Facebook. Are you sure you want to go down this road?
How does that answer my questions? How does it respond to my statements? This is a non sequitur.
He also can't read, so I wouldn't be too shocked. He neglected to reply to anything I said.
Nope. Not gonna dig into this one. I'm having a good night.
That was my favorite moment of the testimony.
But they aren't.
Yeah, I think that's in Article I. The framers thought ahead.
We can keep him, but you have to promise to feed him and take him for walks.
Good point. Many of them were scholars of great empires and republics of the past.
Then give me a cite.
Or buy a pellet gun. It's probably a racoon.
When I'm corrected, I typically edit my comment with a strike through and a correction. I'll link to a good correction, when appropriate.
Hmm, that's not something I've personally dealt with. I know it happens, but it hasn't been an issue on any of my projects. I wouldn't feel comfortable commenting without some research. OP, does this concern a union? Are you in a unionized workplace?
We can also arbitrarily ban people that we don't like. The Soros checks are no longer going to be sent via mail, btw. You have to download an app.
Depends. They're pretty good for me, but I've got some seniority built up. I think the starting rate is about $2.50/comment, but I get a bonus if I ban enough Trump supporters.
Comments I make. I get more than $2.50 now, though. It's one of the perks of getting over 100,000 comment karma.
You can, but they check to make sure that you aren't using bots and the like. They don't all have to be explicitly anti-trump, either. You're encouraged to make comments that are pretty general, in order to hide the fact that you're a shill. That said, there's a ratio you have to meet, or you can be disqualified from the program. The biggest problem is the paperwork, though.
Yeah, I just have so little need for a printer, aside from this one damn report. I typically just fill it out on my computer and use a website to fax it.
Nah, it's strictly piecemeal. I can go on vacation, not post for a couple of weeks, and then come back. They don't mind, the only thing that hurts is the bank account. The residual income from running a sub means that I don't have to be as active, either. It's really the best way.
I run a small consulting business. It's where I got hooked up with the whole Soros operation, actually.
Political messaging and marketing. This is kind of a natural extension of that, really.
I'm having a hard time thinking of a reason this would be illegal. What's your thought process here?
So your issue is that OP isn't consenting to it? The usual recourse for that is for him to quit. There are lots of things that may come up in a workplace that you may not want to do. That doesn't make them illegal. As for impersonation.. If the person being impersonated is okay with it, how would that be a problem? I've ghostwritten a metric ton of things for clients. I guess there's a possibility that the client could have an issue with it, but I'd imagine it would depend on what the terms of the contract are.
I'll leave it open for others to comment on the financial regulatory issues, as that's outside of my wheelhouse. But I can think of a number of reasons why he may not want to make it public that there's someone else working on the account. Most of those have more to do with handling clients than anything inherently shady.
Sure. If I've got a touchy client and a new employee, I might have the new employee run everything through me until I feel confident enough to introduce them. They do the work, I send it in, they won't know who produced the product.
So.. They're replacing the floor? At what cost to you? What are your damages?
The worst that could happen? It turns out that he doesn't pay a bill to a supplier. That supplier tries to collect from you. You can't pay, which is a problem, because the supplier is a front for a drug cartel. The cartel is pissed, and sends folks to follow you. In a panic, you run one of them over in your car. You're sent to prison for vehicular manslaughter, and the cartel has you murdered in prison. That's the worst that could happen. It's more likely that, as /u/demyst says, you'll owe some money. Either way, I'd stay away from this whole thing.
The issue is managing the *client*, not the employee. I may trust the employee's abilities, but know that the client is a pain in the ass.
One of my co-mods over on /r/bestoflegaladvice did a deep dive on this sub's founders awhile back: https://np.reddit.com/r/bestoflegaladvice/comments/67u1z8/bola_mod_goes_way_too_far_down_the_rabbit_hole /u/stillunderthestars
Seriously. I was gonna temp ban the guy from the sub in hopes he'd take a break.. But I've since learned that he's seldom wrong when he goes a little crazy like this. I'm glad he's on our side.
There are a few of them around, but the big regular law students graduated and passed the Bar last year. We were so proud.
It was for your own good.
Nah, I'm not that clean cut. It's better now that the NHL playoffs are over, but I still have a beard. I like the trend of folks trying to guess how we look, though. This could be fun.
i agree.
It's gotta be a store specific credit card. I can't imagine they ask for an SSN for a simple rewards card.
It's not necessarily illegal, but it's certainly risky. A sexual harassment lawsuit can cause a lot of problems for even a large company, and it can torpedo a young startup. OP is right to be concerned, and needs to get the company's attorney involved right away.
I honestly thought that it was self evident why this could be a problem. I'm sure OP felt the same. I mean, hell, there's a coup going on at Uber over the general workplace culture. This might be a CEO sleeping with a contractor. There's a lot of room for her to allege worse, and there may actually *be* worse. This is the sort of thing you want to get ahead of.
Depends on if she's attracted to you.
Yeah.. Bringing her here to answer a question is one thing. Talking shit about her pinging her is another. And that wasn't particularly huffy, either.
Well. . . it kind of does. Not that the guy you're referring to is right. That's some horseshit.
I've often pointed out that I see more questionable legal issues from, say, a small mom-and-pop retailer than I do from your average Wal-Mart. Those smaller businesses often don't have the institutional knowledge to avoid making really dumb mistakes. Wal-Mart may suck to work for, but they'll pay you on time, they won't adjust your time card if they think you worked too many hours, and they have clear avenues for employees to deal with things like discrimination. Compare that to some small businesses where I see all of those problems, and some things that are just comically stupid. That having been said, your comment was fucking stupid. Plenty of small business owners go above and beyond for their employees.
See, I just use it as a reason to drink. The laughter just sounds forced and cynical when I do it.
Same here.
Startup has been great for me, too. I only really started listening to it a few months ago, and binged it all.
Because ID is still a common shortening of identification.
I like how you respond here, but didn't respond when PM called you out on your shit.
You've been making a habit of pinging biondina just to pester her. Knock it off. This is your only warning. Understood?
Some subs have rules against username pings, period. We don't, but we ask that people use them politely. That's it. I really don't understand what's so complicated about that. Everyone else seems to get it.
Wrong sub. You're looking for /r/legaladvice. This is the peanut gallery for LA, not the actual sub.
/u/pottersquash, please explain that Napoleonic swamp you call home.
Knock it off.
I don't see either working, so go with your gut.
You may not be the OP he was trying to talk to, but you are all right in my book.
I only get annoyed when they delve into our territory, because they're all idiots when it comes to the law. Other than that, I think it's a great sub. On the other hand, I don't mind it as much when LA delves into some relationship advice. You need some degree of specialized knowledge to be able to answer legal questions, but not so much with relationship questions. Not that I think giving good relationship advice is easy, mind you, but there are plenty if folks around who can provide it.
I think it's more that /r/bestoflegaladvice has a hard on for trees.
Then it's probably good you don't live on a farm.
Yeah, there was nothing needless there. It's a damn shame, but it is what it is. I'd have done the same in your position.
You know, dude, I was going to post this myself. But sure, go for the shameless self promotion.
. . . how do you go a fucking *decade* without looking into this? How do people think that they can just ignore shit like this? This right here is pretty much exactly why some of us are starting a sub to cover the basic "how do I function as an adult" questions.
We're thinking of it as more of a combination of /r/legaladvice, /r/personalfinance, /r/relationships, and /r/Internetparents. We'll also be more than just an advice sub, imcluding writeups on some common things.
I'm not hating on that. I'm just baffled that someone could go through something like that for a *decade* without thinking, "you know, we should probably check on this." I think I'd be looking into it after the first check didn't get cashed.
We'll probably announce more in a week or so when it goes fully live.
We've got the sub created. We have a mod team that has folks from both LA and personalfinance. We're just getting some things in place before we formally launch. I can PM you more info if you like. I wouldn't mind chatting about it a bit, to see what kinds of things you'd like out of a sub like this.
This.
Yup. It's amateur night at bars, same for St. Patrick's. As a professional alcoholic, I'd much rather go on a random weekday.
Follow the link for discussion, folks!
Yes, we promised y'all prizes. We'll give 'em to you when we get around to it, because you already don't pay me enough for this shit. If you won something and want a particular flair, mention it or modmail us. If we don't give you what you want, we'll at least give you what we think you deserve.
*Definitely* the latter. But I'd wait until tomorrow at the very earliest. We're getting some stuff together tonight, but I have to do some actual work at some point, so I doubt it'll happen before tomorrow.
Let's face it, this whole website is ridiculous. It only makes sense that anyone winning an award here would have to be doing something ridiculous.
Oh, is this you volunteering to hand out the awards? Thank god, I appreciate it.
[This one? ](https://www.reddit.com/r/BoBoLA/comments/7ma4kb/voting_the_rlegaladvice_comment_of_the_year/drsfjt9)
I like our odds. We're scrappy, and a couple of the mods are heavily armed.
To clarify: only mod comments can be stickied. We can give locationbot mod powers, but someone would still have to log in and sticky it for him. Honestly, that's way too much work, and not worth figuring out how to automate the process.
Why? And out of curiosity, how old are you? How many partners have you had? I always wonder about folks with these kinds of rules.
Yo. If you're going out of your way to be a dick, you aren't welcome here. First and final warning.
Early favorite for the 2018 comment of the year right here.
Yeesh. If he follows through, take a couple of steps: 1. File for unemployment 2. Go to the state Human Rights Division, and the federal EEOC while you're at it. The best bet is going to be at the state level - NY seems to have clearer rules on familial status discrimination. I'd still go to both, though. You can and should follow step two *now.* There's no need to wait for him to fire you.
That's an awfully relevant username. While not exactly incorrect, the comment is a bit jumbled.
I think there's a fair stab at familial status discrimination here, and a possibly weaker shot at sex discrimination. He's going after a few things that would only adversely impact a new mother.
I think it's a stretch (although not *that* big of one) under EEOC familial discrimination, but a (very brief) glance seems to indicate that NY's wording on this is a bit stronger. If you want a stretch, I'd go for sex discrimination.
Allowing space and time to pump isn't actually an accommodation, like the ADA. It falls under the Fair Labor Standards Act. There's no need to prove that she needs the time, she's allowed it for one year under the FLSA. He's also required to give a room. If the business is small enough, they can argue that they're exempt, but only if it presents an undue hardship on the business. The fact that he's done this because he thinks *she* doesn't need it is where he's going to run into problems.
Then why do you think it's illegal discrimination?
Not a bad angle to think of, but I don't believe so.
To be clear, I agree that this is likely actionable. Your reasoning is sound, but your previous comment didn't make much sense to me. I'm skeptical of anyone who says "I think it's illegal discrimination, but I can't say what class it'd fall under." It makes me assume that you don't know what you're talking about.
I guess my point is this: I wouldn't assert things in this sub if you aren't sure, or can't back up those assertions. You were fine here, but it makes me nervous.
I'm not sure what you're going for here. What kind of seal are you talking about? What's the goal of the contract?
It's insane to me that the people applying for a clearance don't realize the problems with this strategy. All you have to do is a bit of googling and you learn that (a) they really don't care about most of this stuff, (b) they *really* care about whether or not you're lying, and (c) they'll absolutely find out if you're lying. I guess I shouldn't complain - at least the system catches most of these jagoffs.
Sure, /u/expiresafteruse. Lock the thread, then make the BoLA post. Insider karma trading should be illegal.
Oof, big swing and a miss. The username is meant to be ironic, right?
I'd bet quite a bit of money that there's some FBI agent who checks /r/legaladvice every day.
This isn't really the right sub for your question, but I'll at least point you in the right direction. You should be looking at labor unions - SEIU, NNU, and the UFCW are probably the easiest to get hired by, but they're also notoriously shitty to work for. A lot of union lifers start there and then "graduate" to one of the industrial unions. You may also be able to find local non-profs that do some variety of labor organizing or assistance. Do a bit of googling to see if there's one in your area. The pay will be worse than the unions, but the work will likely be a bit less stressful. It's hard to say anything more specific without knowing your background or what, specifically, you want to do. If you want to actively influence public policy, for example, you'd follow a different path than someone who wants to do on the ground labor organizing.
The pay depends largely on the union, but it's often not as bad as you're letting on. Hell, I knew a lot of members who took sizeable paycuts to come work with me at the union.
I have no idea why one would want to row a boat made of people. It seems pretty inefficient.
I'd love to know what park will give you 9 beers and 9 dogs for only $200.
Feel free to message them, but it was removed because it was absolute bullshit. That's why I'm removing the BoLA post, too.
And all in one day, no less. Yeah, this is too much bullshit for me to be willing to leave it here.
Feel free to send proof to the /r/legaladvice mods. They're always willing to review and reinstate potential troll posts.
I really don't want to reward it with attention. The fact that OP was one of the first folks in BoLA makes me pretty sure that he's looking for that attention here.
As obnoxious as the gluten free trend is, there's a huge benefit: it makes it easier for folks who actually *need* gluten free foods to afford and find food. If more folks want tofu, tofu will become more common and cheaper. Bashing non-vegans for eating vegan food is insanely counterproductive, even just from an economic perspective.
Wow, that's cheaper than I'd expect for something like that.
[Which is it, numbnuts?](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/7pqt4i/business_name_stolen_need_advice/dsjbyco/)
Oh, I know folks are willing to sell out. I work in PR and marketing. It's just a low fee, especially for that kind of work.
This really isn't a template kind of thing.
Folks are dismissing this unfairly. I think it's worth having a conversation with a labor and employment attorney in your area. Discrimination can be hard to prove, but it's possible. I'd warn, you, though, that there's a possibility that nothing illegal happened. If, for example, the new guy did a better job of negotiating, you may not have anything actionable. This is not a slam dunk, but it's worth seeing if you can get a free consultation with a local attorney to discuss.
Have you talked to your insurance company? Is everyone okay?
Take before pictures so you can put it back tomorrow.
I'd argue that the female organism is pretty critical to pregnancy.
I love how long it took for this to click.
*Your post has been removed for the following reason(s):* Your post has been removed as it is a duplicate of an already approved post *If you feel this was in error, message the [moderators.](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FbestofLegalAdvice)*
Yeah, this has been a good conversation for a lot of my first dates.
Well, I find your story believable *and* agree with /u/gratty's take. Really, you quitting is what is likely to screw you here. I'd still file for unemployment. Of you want some peace of mind, consult a local employment attorney, too.
Let's be real, they still *are* that gunner.
Is this meant to address the question? Getting treatment doesn't mean the issue ceases to exist.
Removed for lack of legal content.
Bit of a Freudian slip there in your first paragraph.
I was referring more to the politician in question, but you do you.
If he's just threatening, there isn't a ton you can do. If he makes this public, I'd consult with a local attorney. Michigan recognizes defamation per se, which is a defamatory statement that is seen as damaging even without any financial harm. They specify that it applies when someone is said to be "sexually immoral". This would count.
Michigan recognizes defamation per se, specifically with regards to allegations of sexual immorality. He doesn't need specific damages.
I'd say so, yes. I'm not familiar at all with the relevant case law in Michigan. There's a good chance that taking this to court would cost you more than you'd win. If you want to go forward, contact your local bar association for a referral. Even sending out a cease and desist may be enough to shut him up.
You don't think this falls under defamation per se?
Is there a reason you think he needs to have monetary damages? Is this not a textbook example of defamation per se?
Why does he need to be fired to have a case?
So you're saying that, in order to win a suit, he'd have to have some sort of monetary damages?
From which statute or case law are you drawing this "reputation damages" thing?
So it *is* actionable? I don't see where OP says he's looking for a payday here. He's looking to shut this guy down.
So... No statute or case law? Because I'm drawing this from [REVISED JUDICATURE ACT OF 1961 600.2911,](http://legislature.mi.gov/doc.aspx?mcl-600-2911) not my ass.
Because one is as valuable as the paper it's printed on, and the other is a lawsuit.
Oh, don't flatter yourself. I'm going after every idiot in here who decided to comment even though they had evidently never heard of defamation per se. You're just the one who doubled down the hardest.
How, exactly, does that change a goddamn thing?
I'm removing for lack of legal advice. If there's something in there that's BoLA worthy, link the direct comment chain.
You should read the rest of this thread. You're just flat wrong.
...if damages are presumed you *don't* need to quantify them. That's the entire point of defamation per se.
Awfully sporting of you. I usually let folks walk into the trap.
Eh. Better than being a dwarf.
When in a sorority, yeah. It's not just a roommate situation.
I kind of want to download that. It sounds so bad.
Location, location, location. If you just want folks to call you by your middle name, just start telling them to call you by your middle name. Introduce yourself to new folks by that name. If you want it to be on your legal documents, then change your name legally. That process varies by location.
So, the other comments are right in their conclusion, but off on their reasoning. A suit against you will have little merit, based on what you've told us. The reason for that is because defamation requires a false statement of *fact.* What you've described here are opinions, not facts. It's your opinion that the food and service were bad. If you'd said, for example, "I watched the waiter spit in my food", you'd have made a defamatory statement.
If you want it changed on those, you'll need to legally change your name.
@expiresafteruse, have I poisoned this fucker yet?
Also, no HOAs.
In my more adventurous days, I hitchhiked quite a bit. I even went cross country once - started in Oregon and ended in New York. It largely depends on the state. I had a few cops stop and talk to me, but never had real hassles. Hell, I even got a few rides from super friendly small town cops. Naturally, I always pick up hitchhikers now. I haven't run across any in a couple of years, though.
Oh, please. I'm a youngin' for a legaladvice regular. I think there are only two or three stars younger than me.
Nah. It's all on you.
Look. You're way out of your depth here, and you're just wrong. You're giving false hope where none is called for, and that means you're doing more harm than good. Stop. Admit that you screwed up, and *stop.*
Can you name four jurisdictions where that isn't the case? I'll give you New York City, give me three others.
You're describing the views of a group of people who are somewhere on a spectrum between "insane" and "fraudsters". There is no legitimate argument that speeding tickets are unconstitutional. It's so dumb that it sounds like bad science fiction.
Oh, sure. You figure you managed to avoid it on the main sub, so now you're going to call down an MRA brigade on *my* head. Also, that comment by /u/UsuallySunny is great. She's the best.
If you bring them home, you have to feed them and clean up after them.
I don't care if they mind or not, they shit all over the floor every time they come here. It's just not sanitary.
I was going to go with "Firstly, I would like to state that I'm not a shoplifter" for a title.
You joke, but you're not exactly wrong.
Your narrative here is very unclear. Is this a novel or non-fiction? What does this have to do with you? If you don't want to participate in this, why are you participating? Is there a reason you expect to get paid?
If they want to, sure. There aren't really any rules that govern these things in particular.
Maybe I'm not understanding the question. Can you tell us the story?
Yeah, that's what I was thinking of. Dude has a nice ass.
Bad user
Let the union handle it. They're really the only thing that could possibly protect her, assuming the company decides to do something.
40,000 * 3 = 120,000
*Your post has been removed for the following reason(s):* **Personally Identifying Information** * Please remove the name of the website in question. Once you have done so, message us in modmail. * You may have more luck in /r/legaladviceuk. *Please [read our subreddit rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/wiki/index#wiki_general_rules). If after doing so, you feel this was in error, [message the moderators](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reply to this message as a comment.*
*Your post has been removed for the following reason(s):* **Off Topic** * Please keep discussion in this sub to legal advice. This is not the sub for political grandstanding. *Please [read our subreddit rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/wiki/index#wiki_general_rules). If after doing so, you feel this was in error, [message the moderators](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reply to this message as a comment.*
*Your post has been removed for the following reason(s):* **Off Topic** * Please keep discussion in this sub to legal advice. *Please [read our subreddit rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/wiki/index#wiki_general_rules). If after doing so, you feel this was in error, [message the moderators](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reply to this message as a comment.*
Doesn't stop 'em. I've seen threads where I ban well over a dozen folks from both subs for breaking this rule. The kicker is that *none* of the comments in LA met the rules of the sub.
This really isn't the place for specific legal questions about your own situation. Please make your own post on the sub for your question.
*Your post has been removed for the following reason(s):* Keep it civil. *If you feel this was in error, please message the [moderators.](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FbestofLegalAdvice)*
*Your post has been removed for the following reason(s):* **Personally Identifying Information** * Content in your submission could potentially be used to identify an individual, individuals, or other party in a dispute. Future violations will result in a ban. *Please [read our subreddit rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/wiki/index#wiki_general_rules). If after doing so, you feel this was in error, [message the moderators](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reply to this message as a comment.*
*Your post has been removed for the following reason(s):* **Lack of a clear legal question** * Please edit your post to contain a clear legal question, and message modmail when you have done so. *Please [read our subreddit rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/wiki/index#wiki_general_rules). If after doing so, you feel this was in error, [message the moderators](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reply to this message as a comment.*
This post is more appropriate for /r/legaladviceofftopic.
The part where you ignore the point of marketing. You spend money on marketing because it gives a positive return on investment (ROI). That means $100 marketing spend brings back in the $100, plus an extra $50. You now have $150 to spend on debugging.
If you're not happy with the conversation, walk away. They aren't breaking rules, and we aren't your parents. It's not our job to send you all to your rooms just because you don't agree on something.
Remove your links to the deleted text, please, and stop pinging users who don't want to discuss this further.
You're back up.
There is no PII in your post.
We've been up and running for a good two years now.
There also used to be a trend of folks editing in a location after the bot told them they forgot it, pretending it was always there, and complaining about it. Copying the text was originally intended as a bit of a "fuck you" to those people.
&gt;Terminate yourself robot Edgy.
That's really not what wrongful termination means.
Sure, but the things you brought up in your comment would not, on their own, be wrongful termination.
I remember a few times when /u/ianp accidentally answered questions on the sub as locationbot, because he forgot he was logged in. That freaked some folks out.
Bots go to the Jawas.
Goddammit, @expiresafteruse, why you gotta take my favorite pasta like that?
A relevant quote from a guy whose comment we deleted yesterday for being incorrect: &gt;Wrong guessing can help somerimes
Long story short: /r/legaladvice started locking update posts (which are extremely popular) where the OP wasn't asking for further legal advice, because they were always threads full of off topic rulebreaking comments. It was a heavy moderation burden, and made it harder to moderate the threads where folks actually still needed help. This was highly controversial, which I get. Reddit being reddit, some folks took it way too far. Their were death threats and doxxing attempts against mods and regular contributors. This spilled into BoLA and, in a snap decision, the mods decided to lock Bola. Posts were allowed, comments were not. That lasted a few weeks before I brokered a deal with a few of the LA mods and was given BoLA to run. All of this was back in summer of 2016, and everything is really better than ever at this point.
Yes it is.
/r/legaladvice is intended as a public resource. Many people use old posts to find answers to questions that they, for whatever reason, aren't comfortable asking in a public forum. If the posts are deleted, that resource doesn't work.
&gt;no one has been disciplined for banning people for what they do in other subs as far as I'm aware. Not only this, but the reddit admins have specifically written code for that scenario. If you're banned from a sub you haven't posted or commented in, you don't get a ban message sent out. That means they can easily see and act when mods ban folks for things done outside of their sub, and they chose not to actively stop it.
We obviously don't have great data on that, since it's not something reddit gives us. We do, however, have a fair number of anecdotes. I've received PMs personally from folks thanking me for an answer that I gave some time ago that they found through a search. I've seen modmail along those lines as well. And, slightly different, I've had TONS of people say that they learned how to deal with common issues by lurking the sub. These folks aren't using search, but they're still using it as the sort of public resource I describe above. E: and as for time and effort: I didn't code the bot, but I know the person who did. I don't think it took much time or energy at all for him to implement that function. I seem to remember him getting it done in a couple of days.
It also worked. That happened a few times a day before we implemented that. I haven't seen one since.
This isn't the place for your political soapboxing.
*Your post has been removed for the following reason(s):* **Requesting PMs** * for the safety of our users and the sub as a whole, we do not allow PMs or requests for the same in this sub. *Please [read our subreddit rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/wiki/index#wiki_general_rules). If after doing so, you feel this was in error, [message the moderators](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reply to this message as a comment.*
No, it isn't.
I don't mind it. His points are well made, and understandable.
I'm curious to see a source on political affiliation in CA being a protected class outside of, say, the workplace. That's my particular area of expertise, and I've never seen it outside of the workplace.
So, at best, it's a gray area. I don't get why we're being this harsh on folks who say it isn't a protected class.. It seems pretty unclear whether it is or isn't protected in this instance.
Please create your own post for this.
Let me be clear here: if all you have to contribute is an off-topic rant about someone or something not related to the thread, you aren't welcome here.
/u/locationbot recall
And what made you think that /r/legaladvice was a place to discuss all legal matters, rather than a place to ask simple legal questions?
Ah. So you figured you'd go ahead and drive a change in a massive subreddit by creating some half-assed discussion prompt without consulting with any of the folks who know the sub best. It seems to have worked swimmingly.
Those dastardly mods. How dare they??
You didn't seem to get much support r/legaladvice, though, did you?
/u/locationbot recall
I'll give you a copy of his Second Amendment edition: &gt;10 Amendments In 10 Days of The American Constitution - Day 2: The right to bare arms No, I didn't leave anything out. That's the entirety of the post. Just a title that tells you what the amendment broadly covers. Hell of a contribution, if you ask me.
Nah.
Well, yeah. That's kind of what I meant by "you didn't get much support"
So you, a legal scholar worthy of leading a conversation about the constitution, couldn't understand a removal message that clearly spelled out why your post was removed? Either you didn't understand a simple message, or you *did* understand it, and willfully ignored it to make another post with the exact same problem. Which is it?
Since he didn't answer your question, here is the entirety of his Second Amendment edition: &gt;10 Amendments In 10 Days of The American Constitution - Day 2: The right to bare arms
That's basically our theory. You can be a great contributor in BoLA or LAOT without having any business answering questions in the main sub.
Remove all of the links to the website, as well as any other information that can be used to personally identify someone.
*Your post has been removed for the following reason(s):* **Off Topic** * Please keep discussion in this sub to legal advice. **Requesting a PM** * Do not PM users or request PMs from users in /r/legaladvice *Please [read our subreddit rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/wiki/index#wiki_general_rules). If after doing so, you feel this was in error, [message the moderators](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reply to this message as a comment.*
This post is more appropriate for /r/legaladviceofftopic
I honestly thought it was a law school meme sub.
I'll point out that 90 is the bare minimum. I'm more than happy to permaban.
No, it's how federalism works.
Yes, and while we're at it let's arrest cops who carry drugs to lockup, and ticket cops involved in a high speed chase.
*Your post has been removed for the following reason(s):* **Identifiable Information** * Posts or submissions that contain information that could be used to identify either party are subject to immediate removal. Please edit your post then follow the hyperlink below to let the moderators know to restore your post. *Please [read our subreddit rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/wiki/index#wiki_general_rules). If after doing so, you feel this was in error, [message the moderators](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reply to this message as a comment.*
This post is being removed because it is, frankly speaking, bad legal advice. Either it is inapplicable for the jurisdiction in which OP resides, or misunderstands the fundamentals of the applicable legal issues.
You're talking to a bot, dumbass.
When we've done that, it usually bleeds over. Especially on popular posts, like many updates.
There is no legal question here.
Your post has been removed for the following reason: * **Personally Identifiable Information** Please resubmit this post without identifiable information.
C'mon. Your comment was good up until you decided to break the rule and say that you knew you were doing so. Edit your post and I'll restore it. Please don't do that again.
This isn't r/news. It's todayilearned. He learned it today, it wasn't revealed today. Otherwise, how would you explain all of the posts here about things happened hundreds of years ago?
Yeah - putting this together last year probably took me more hours than all of my other moderating for the year combined. I'm glad y'all stepped up.
Or climbing, in my case.
I think the real name is just "hover hands drill"
Groups of kids and parents, all in rental gear, are the bane of my climbing life.
If you free solo, you don't even need friends who DO climb.
First graders can talk, though.
This is a scam. They're going to try to get money off of you. Block and ignore. Search for tinder scam r/legaladvice.
Did it message you again? How is it still bugging you?
I'd ask around at your gym. I don't climb at TCW, but my gym definitely has plenty of experienced climbers willing to help newbies. Hell, TCW even has lead climbing. That should make it easier.
This is normal, bouldering and roped climbing have different grade systems. Bouldering uses a scale from V0 and up. Roped climbing uses the Yosemite decimal system, where everything you'll run across is 5.x. Starting at 5.10, there are letters added as they get harder - 5.10a, 5.10b, etc. This is in the US, other countries use different systems.
This describes me on every dyno.
It's a boulder problem. It isn't 5.anything.
ASCEND! I love this gym. I was there last night, and looked at the comp set. I'm excited to try some of them.
I've left enough skin on walls to always wear pants. In the winter, I'm definitely in jeans.
It's a copypasta.
I think "her" is the child.
If you've got a question, read the rules and make a post. Don't hijack someone else's.
Guys, this is r/legaladvice, not r/cleaningadvice. I know you're trying to help, but OP came to this sub asking for legal advice on a situation. Keep your comments on topic or don't comment. Thanks!
Appreciate it! Don't worry, it doesn't make me lose sleep; I still like to correct mistaken information when I see it, so it doesn't spread quite as much.
Those are basically the default rental shoe.
That's people profiting off of their IP.
Good point, snappy.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Horses_in_the_United_States#Extinction_and_return
Doesn't look like it. The loop of rope seems to follow the belay loop veriltically, and you can see the top tie in bending down a bit.
Holds?
You're all throughout this thread, too dumb to realize you're criticizing people who are calling out a misspelling. And no, that's not how it's pronounced.
I have a pair of muiras, too. Now that I'm used to them both, I can switch pretty easily. They're at extreme ends of the sensitivity spectrum, so it's more of a shift than you might get between, say, Futuras and Skwamas. I love both, though! I've been thinking about a pair of Mavs. I'd be curious to hear your review if you get them. I like the idea of slippers, but worry about them sliding too much on hooks.
I'd buy it.
Nah dude, that book is the Half Dome guidebook, not the one for El Cap.
Sure, it's the protests that have the unemployment numbers up. Nothing else could have caused that.
What?
"Sex worker" is used as an umbrella term to include folks involved in the sex industry, and goes beyond prostitution. Most people will understand the term in that way.
Sure, but expect a lot of confusion if you use a word in a way that it isn't commonly defined. I'm not telling you that you have to do otherwise, but I also figured you should at least know.
Pass it around
63 bottles of beer
Yinz can use it, but don't expect us to use jawn.
And the Steelers trump both. The Pirates are a distant third.
I dunno, they usually seem pretty sensitive when you call them out. They just lack empathy.
This sounds terrible, and I can sympathize as someone with controlling parents, but I couldn't help but laugh at how 90s this story is.
I thank god that I wasn't trendy enough for those back in the day.
I'm an Ascend member, and I echo all of this. I go to TCW once a year or so, usually when Ascend is setting for a comp but I still want to get some training in. I always regret it. It's the sort of gym I started climbing at when I was a kid, and it hasn't grown or adapted a bit since then. Ascend puts in the money and the work, goes to great lengths to build and maintain a cool community, and has a modern facility with better offerings for the same price. When I moved to Pittsburgh from Colorado 8 or so years ago, TCW was the only show in town. I got a membership and canceled it after a few months when it became clear how bad it is, and how unlikely they were to improve. I basically stopped climbing until Ascend opened up. Now there are other modern gyms with plans to open in Pittsburgh. When they're around, I'll probably think about switching - but TCW will still be last on my list. ETA: the local climbing community supported TCW for decades. They didn't really do anything to earn it, aside from being the only show in town. Surprise surprise, everyone left once a new option came around.
Paul and the crew seem to be doing a good job of it. They were taking it all seriously well before they closed, and I feel like they did great with keeping members engaged and informed during the shut down. I'm still a bit weirded out at the idea of climbing inside right now, but man, I miss it.
The New is closer, and still has some damn good climbing. It's hard to do a day trip anywhere great, though.
I'm in Pittsburgh and go to the New more often, but prefer the Red.
Ha, that's understandable. I confused the two all the time before they both became somewhat regular destinations.
Yeah, I get the joke, but it was a bit off-putting. I've had conversations with Ascend owners where I've given my frank opinions on TCW, and they've very diplomatically avoided saying anything bad about the competition. I said this in the r/climbing thread too: I'm an Ascend member. I go to TCW once a year or so, usually when Ascend is setting for a comp but I still want to get some training in. I always regret it. It's the sort of gym I started climbing at when I was a kid, and it hasn't grown or adapted a bit since then. Ascend puts in the money and the work, goes to great lengths to build and maintain a cool community, and has a modern (and safer) facility with better offerings for less money. When I moved to Pittsburgh from CO 8 or so years ago, TCW was the only show in town. I got a membership and canceled it after a few months when it became clear how bad it is, and how unlikely they were to improve. I basically stopped climbing until Ascend opened up. Now there are other modern gyms with plans to open in Pittsburgh. When they're around, I'll probably think about switching - but TCW will still be last on my list. The local climbing community supported TCW for decades. They didn't really do anything to earn it, aside from being the only show in town. Surprise surprise, everyone left once a new option came around. To expect the same support without any clear sign that they intend to improve is a bit presumptuous. To be clear, I'm talking about the owners, not you. I don't like that people will lose their jobs if TCW goes under, but I don't think it'll be any huge loss to the local climbing scene.
Well, Pittsburgh area. I imagine some of these plans will be changed by COVID, but: 1. Ascend is planning a Bridgeville location with lead climbing. This might have been delayed by them acquiring their Youngstown location, and I'm sure will be delayed further by COVID. 2. First Ascent (a Chicago chain) is planning a gym in the Ross Park Mall. I believe they'd already started construction on this, but I haven't really heard anything since pre-virus. 3. A small bouldering gym was being planned for Lawrenceville, down near the Goodwill. I think that wasn't far along at all, so I'm not sure if that'll ever get out of planning stages.
They tend to create their own, as I understand it. They do have conventions. One of the larger ones is in my home city, and it's always a blast. They put on a little parade, and evidently tip way better than any of the other conventions that come through.
Play around with the sizing. I thought these shoes just didn't work for me until I sized way below what I normally would for a Sportiva, then they worked great.
Look. I'm glad we've opened things up a bit. I want more businesses to open up. I'm really hoping that these case numbers don't really spike again, because I think it'll hurt the economy in addition to hurting people. I'm glad that people can get a haircut, and that barbers can feed their families. All of that means that we should want them to wear a mask, because that'll limit the spread and keep them open. If they can't do it for common sense reasons, they may have to be reported. And if that doesn't work, the free market is able to intervene: we get to decide where to shop.
Okay. So, if I get to choose not to go to these places, I also get to do my research ahead of time. Right? If I find out some bar has racist imagery, I can avoid it. Maybe I can even let other folks know, if I think they care about it. Is that okay?
Everyone needs a hobby. For some of us it's exposing people who do shitty things. For you, it's defending the shitty person.
I think my point is more that they aren't going under due to COVID. They're going under because they refused to invest in the gym.
They are. Come to think of it, I actually haven't heard from a lot of folks how the gyms are. I've talked to some regulars at my gym, and it seems like they're doing a pretty good job of cleaning, enforcing masks, and limiting numbers. I'm curious how other gyms are handling things
They do contact tracing. They said on Monday that the majority of cases are coming from folks who are out and bars and restaurants, and folks coming back from out of state. A few cases seem to have come from the protests, but it's not the major factor.
I don't disagree with your conclusion, but I think that your initial remarks tying this to increased testing left a lot out. It's not time to panic yet, but there's more to the story than just an increase in test numbers. We'll have to keep watching the trends.
It's worth noting that the first day of the past 7, 6/17, had ZERO positive tests. That's actually a hell of an outlier in the other direction.
It's a shame. From everything I can tell, my gym (Ascend Climbing) is trying damn hard. Unfortunately, climbing gyms are particularly hard to keep clean. You just can't disinfect holds on a wall between climbers, like you can with a dumbell. I desperately want to go back, but man, I really don't think I can justify it.
It's kind of wild.
&gt;A senior official with knowledge of the review said science is being studied as to whether masks are not only “good for source control — and keeping you from giving it to others — but we’re also seeing if masks are going to protect you from getting [Covid-19] yourself.” &gt; **“We know it’s a good thing to wear a mask to protect others. We are studying if it is also potentially going to keep you safe,” the official added.** They've been pretty clear about what they know, and what they're studying. Any update to the guidance will likely be to language surrounding if it helps prevent wearers from getting it, not whether or not it prevents spread. The overall guidance - that you should wear a mask - isn't going to change.
Nobody is saying it couldn't have. We're saying that it doesn't appear that it did.
I'm really only responding for whoever else may read this, because I know you're not actually interested in discussing this from a position of good faith, but... They do contact tracing. They can trace things back, and get a pretty good understanding of where someone got it. When they've done that, they've found that most of the people who have been getting sick were at bars, restaurants, or recently traveled out of state. While a few evidently may have been traced back to the protests, this does not appear to account for what we're seeing. We know this because experts have told us as much. Do you have any source that contradicts that, or is it just your conjecture? We can also take a look at the calendar. We know that the increases we're seeing would have come from exposure roughly two weeks ago, as that's what the experts have learned from studying the virus. The protests were biggest three weeks ago, and have largely tapered off since. What hasn't tapered off, though, is bars and restaurants opening. That started just over two weeks ago, which would seem to coincide with the numbers we're seeing. Since it also seems to match the contact tracing we've done, we can probably believe this. Now, on the other hand, let's suppose you're right. Maybe the protests *did* cause this recent spike, evidence to the contrary. The answer now is still the same: Wear a damn mask. Keep your distance from other people. Do whatever you can to stop the spread. Many people - regardless of political leaning - opted to stay home during the protests due to risk of the virus. If you genuinely believe that a group of people (largely masked) outdoors spread the virus, then you should have no problem believing that groups of people without masks in bars can also spread it.
We're 21 trillion with CA. It'd be around 18 trillion without, which is still north of China's roughly 13 trillion. E: changed a million to a trillion
I agree with your thoughts on the age demos, I doubt we see the hospitalization rates we did earlier. Hospitalization is a lagging indicator, right? We should have a better idea in a week or so?
Thanks for all of the work you've done on this, u/StormFreak.
I'm on mobile, so I can't view the workbook. Was that peak in April before we had the current testing availability?
Seriously. I really hope this guy has a great job, or gets a better one out of this.
I completely agree about the importance of data in the face of news reports. You centralizing the data has done wonders for my mental health during all of this. Even when the trends aren't great, like now, it feels good to at least know what's actually going on.
This is peak r/climbing.
Mine opened the first week of June, and I put my membership on hold until July. From everything I've heard, they're handling things well. I'm just not sure yet. I think I'll go back in July, but I'm still iffy on it. I'm also not stoked on the idea of climbing inside in July with a mask.
Honestly, try as many as you can. I wear almost exclusively Sportivas, because they fit my foot the best. Even then, some models just don't work for me. The solution is a great shoe. If it works, get it. If you're like me, you'll climb in them for 6-8 months, be annoyed at some technique they aren't perfect for, and you'll start the cycle all over again.
I have no advice, but I'm jealous that you have bouldering close enough to bike to.
Cut the tree down, turn it into plywood.
Anecdotally, I know a lot of younger, healthier folks who had mild symptoms early on; most were advised to self-quarantine, and not tested due to a lack of availability. I'm sure that had an impact on the numbers back in April and May.
[Andrew Bisharat also talked about this in Rock and Ice.](https://rockandice.com/tuesday-night-bouldering/between-the-lines-its-time-to-change-offensive-route-names) I just don't get the arguments against this. Members of our community are understandably put off by some of these names. Tradition is never a good enough reason to keep doing something, and most of the opposition to changing names seems to boil down to "the FA gets to name it" and "that's always how we've done it."
Yes, dispose of them today. Right to my PO box, I'll even pay shipping.
You've described it perfectly. I used to get paid a lot of money to tell my PR clients "stop doing stupid shit", only to be ignored.
FWIW, I've had conversations about this with people who are genuinely offended. They're uncomfortable with the names, and express it. They're even more uncomfortable once they get pushback from other climbers who say "it's just a joke" or "don't be so easily offended." In addition to real life friends, I've seen strangers on IG or MP voice the same things, and I've seen the same pushback. I'm not the sort to be made uncomfortable by language. I find these route names personally distasteful, but they don't make me feel unwelcome at the crag or in the community. I'm also a straight, middle-class white guy, so I realize that the climbing community has been full of guys like me for forever. I'm speaking up on these things, not because I'm personally hurt, but because I believe the people who say that they are. It just doesn't cost anything to change the names. If it makes folks in our community feel like their voices are being heard when we take action, why not do so?
Now there's irony.
I wish we had some actual numbers on how many folks traced to what kinds of activities. Hell, I wish we knew more than that. I'd settle for something other than vague "many were in these kinds of places, a few were in other kinds of places."
Yeah, they should really throw the book at them.
Wait, when did we get annexed by NYC? Fuck, my rent is expensive enough as it is.
Unfortunately, that's likely a side effect of folks not being able to get tested in the early days. You had to have more serious symptoms to get tested. Now, that may also mean we won't see as many folks in the hospitals... Time will tell.
Where are you getting July 19th or 26th? My understanding is that hospitalizations lag by roughly a week.
We were. Then people acted like this isn't a thing anymore, and then we weren't. Now things are as bad as they've ever been.
Do you have any actual evidence for this theory, or just conspiracy theories? The health department has been clear that very few cases are at all linked to protests, which they know due to contact tracing. They verified today in the press conference that they ask about protests, so they aren't just ignoring the possibility.
At every single business in the state/city? No. Not unless you're willing to hire a ton of people.
Yeah, and it isn't a bad idea. Even if you're sourcing the initial complaints through an online form like this, you still have to send folks out to inspect. I doubt the Health Department really has the current capacity to handle that, let alone regular inspections of every single business in the county.
I mean, yeah. To some degree or another. We won't be back to the old "normal" until this is over.
Honestly, friend, I think we might be on the same side, but I don't know for sure because I can't quite figure out what point you're trying to make.
Nor is there any reason to treat them like equals.
Yelp has 2200 restaurants listed. Add in gyms, grocery stores, clothing shops, and even office buildings. It'd be a massive task. This is really the only way.
I mean, I do the same. I just don't do so by calling out the entire sub, because it's pretty clear that the overwhelming majority of folks here agree with me. I call out those who need it, not everyone who happens to be in the same space.
I see. Well, I get where they're coming from, because I also read this: &gt;[/r/pittsburgh](https://www.reddit.com/r/pittsburgh): but what about BANNING PROTESTERS As an attempt of painting the whole sub with a rather broad brush.
We do need to keep hospitals from overcrowding, and to minimize the loss of life. If one round of "flattening thr curve" is all it takes, great! But the fact is that we didn't really have an initial wave in Pittsburgh outside of long-term care facilities. Now we're seeing community spread. This week, it's a lot of folks testing positive who have yet to be hospitalized. Next week, it could be older folks, and more hospitalizations. The following weeks could lead to overcrowding of hospitals, and more deaths. That's the overall trend of this thing. It's not going to go away until it's fully done. If we want to prevent a spike of hospitalizations and deaths, we have to act *before* they happen. I'm not saying that we need a full lockdown or stay at home order, as we did before hospitals had a chance to prepare. We can loosen things up a bit - open as many businesses as is safely possible, but still require masks and encourage social behaviors like self-isolation and social distancing. And, as we learn more, we'll have to continue to adapt. If, as we've learned, bars are a major source of spread, then we need to do what we can to limit that. Keeping people safe is one of the most basic responsibilities of any government. If the data show that the spread is linked to gyms or salons or, yes, protests, I'd encourage restrictions on those as well. Right now it appears that the biggest sources are bars and out of state travel, so that's where we should put our focus.
Yeah, I'm betting the majority of reports come from whistleblowers.
We need to minimize loss of life, period. If there's a point where we're losing that many people to the secondary effects, the failure isn't that we shut things down. It's that we didn't support the people who needed it.
You still can, if they're still not following the rules. Do it for the folks who are still there. Sorry to hear you lost your job. This whole thing just sucks.
I would too, for sure. I have basically nothing going right now.
FWIW, they're not the ones that pay you unemployment.
You and your employer pay into unemployment. An unemployed person collects it from the state. The DOL determines your eligibility and pays it out. Your employer can challenge your eligibility. If, say, you're fired for cause, you don't get to collect unemployment. The state is who actually makes the decision.
How long ago did you file? It's a painfully slow process.
It's probably worth calling.
The state, or your employer?
Look, man, keep telling yourself that. If you take a look through my profile, you'll see that almost every comment I've made in the past week is calling out misinformation and lies in this sub. All of which are upvoted. The commenter above you is right. It seems like the message is getting away from you. I get it, it's frustrating right now. But if you aren't having the impact you want, it might be worth stepping back and reevaluating how you're presenting your argument.
I spent 6 years running communications for political campaigns, 4 years organizing workers seeking to form unions, and all of that time also doing work in my community around issues ranging from racial justice to income inequality to human rights at home and abroad. There are places where the right reaction is to get mad and break shit. I've done plenty of it. There are also places where the right reaction is civil conversation and debate, not for the sake of your opponent, but for the sake of the undecideds reading the debate. A diversity of tactics is always important in movements that seek to create lasting change. I support the BLM protests. I have been to several this year, kitted out as a medic in case of police violence. I've stopped attending recently due to personal health concerns, but still donate what I can to local organizers. We're on the same side here, and I had to ask you a few questions to even figure that out. Your message is muddled enough that your *allies* are lost.
We're in a thread where the discussion is "what's causing the spread of COVID-19 in Pittsburgh?" I'm not remotely saying that the BLM movement needs to be more civil - it's not my place to do so, even if I did think that. I'm saying that the conversation we're having here, in this thread, on this topic, is going to be more effective if our side is able to be seen as reasonable, and motivated by science.
More or less. I also believe it's critical to shut down misinformation so that it doesn't spread. Again, I've been doing nothing but that in this sub. I'm saying there is more than one way to shut down ignorance, and that some are more effective than others in certain places. Let's look at extremes. If on one hand we have a wolf in sheep's clothing, calmly appealing to the somewhat logical idea that mass protests could spread a virus. "I'm sure it's important," he may say, "but it's unsafe, and it's putting everyone at risk of getting this virus." If on the other hand we have a well-meaning activist saying "STFU racist," he wouldn't be *wrong*, per se. Neither side is going to convince the other - but that's probably the case with *any* approach we'd ever think of. But then take one of the unfortunately large number of people with no opinion ahead of time, who gets his political views from random reddit threads. Who are *they* going to think is the reasonable, rational side? We're on the right side. This particular conversation - again, the conversation here, in this thread - is a downright *easy* debate to win. Since you've brought it up twice, I do try my damndest to listen to the Black voices at the forefront of this movement. I could cite any number of them. However, as I've yet to see any speak on this particularly narrow question, I'll refrain.
I can certainly see where you're coming from. My fear in this scenario, though, is an uninformed person thinking "it's not me going to the bar that's causing this, it's protests." While I care a *bit* about the minor reputation hit the movement could take, it's far from my biggest concern. My *biggest* fear is that it continues to spread a deadly virus among at-risk communities and essential workers - a disproportionate number of whom are black and brown.
I'm saying job one is to save lives, be they at risk from police or pandemic. And I'm also saying that you aren't just being downvoted by the amorphous mob of alt-right clowns that pop up in this sub, but also from people who are just trying to save lives. And I think that's all I have to say on the matter. Do as you think is right - I wouldn't stop you if I could.
I think that'll be determined based on if there's evidence of spread in those kinds of places. I'd expect restaurants, maybe the casinos, to close. So far, it doesn't sound like gyms, spas, or salons are causing problems.
Testing on the whole is up, but the percentage of positive tests is *also* up. We wouldn't expect to see that unless the virus is spreading.
I think it's wise to stay prepared, even if you don't suspect you'll get shut down. There's a new post in r/Pittsburgh about a Planet Fitness in WV possibly causing an outbreak, but I haven't really heard of anything similar around here. If I ran a salon or a gym right now, I'd take this as a warning: double down on following the guidelines. The bars that didn't fucked over their whole industry, and the same will happen to everyone else if they don't do the right thing.
[In 2017, 55% of 18-24 year olds lived with parents.](https://www.marketingcharts.com/demographics-and-audiences-81471)
&gt;“Deaths always lag considerably behind cases,” Anthony S. Fauci, the nation’s top infectious-disease specialist, told Congress at a hearing Tuesday. In the weeks to come, he and others said, the death toll is likely to rise commensurately. &gt;“As long as there is a fair amount of testing going on, if there is an uptick in covid-19 infections, then we are likely to see that in the confirmed case data before we see it in the death data,” said Nicholas G. Reich, associate professor of biostatistics at the University of Massachusetts at Amherst, in an email. &gt;He predicted “rises in covid-19 deaths over the next month in many of the states that are seeing upticks in cases, like Texas, California, Florida and others, even though the deaths have been either steady or declining in recent weeks.” [Source](https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/coronavirus-deaths-lag-behind-surging-infections-but-may-catch-up-soon/2020/06/24/22263b50-b620-11ea-a510-55bf26485c93_story.html)
I've walked in and then right back out of a few places. I swear there isn't a convenience store in Pittsburgh following the rules.
I'm not sure I get your point. Are you thinking that getting a test somehow acts as a vaccine?
...yes. And, as I quoted above, those numbers are expected to change in the coming weeks. In order to stop the lagging numbers from happening, you have to address the leading indicators.
Shoes and a chalkbag. Don't be afraid to talk to folks - we're generally a friendly bunch, and happy to offer advice if asked.
I still click every time, even though I know what's gonna happen. I can't hear the set-up to a great joke without wanting to hear the punchline.
They *think* it will be enough. Present tense. We won't know for sure for a bit.
