They apparently announced a drop to 25% for any title that sells over 10m copies. I can see how they have to protect their upstart cost from all the lesser titles but at some point with titles that sell a lot of copies it's pure profit with no cost to Valve. Most of their shit is obviously automated ffs, it's not rocket surgery and it's only hurting their customers in the end!
I doubt that you went down in performance, it probably just stayed the same. It's possible that you are experiencing worse performance because you upgraded the nVidia driver, since the CPU is bottlenecking you completely, even on your 1060 GTX, any little change would affect performance on both GPUs equally. If you can't afford a CPU upgrade right now like like most people are correctly pointing out, you could try overclocking your CPU, although i doubt it would gain you much if at all possible on this value hardware, but it would be a valid experience that will teach you a lot. It's unfortunate you had to learn about PC bottlenecks in this fashion but it's definitely something to be aware off, for future reference, if you don't have a PC savvy friend, ask PCMR on reddit, you would surely get some good hints.
I never bothered because instead of being a rewarding event, it's something that requires ongoing time and dedication, i just want to play the fucking game!
Dependson how many USB channels are used for your usb ports and if they are daisy chained or not. The Sensors and probably also Kinect are pretty costly in bandwidth, that's why they recommend you putting 1 sensor on 2.0 and one on 3.0, because it's the mostly likely scenario to end up with each sensor on different USB controller channels. It could ALL be on USB 2.0 if you had a DUAL or TRIPLE channel USB 2.0 card and there were enough power for the headset USB connection. You could end up needing something as simple as this: https://www.amazon.com/Inateck-Superspeed-Ports-PCI-Expansion/dp/B00B6ZCNGM This is a single channel card, but you already have 1-2 channels in your DELL, so it should be fine, just make sure the DLL has PCI-E expansion slot available.
Ow, i didn't think about that, ofc. it's a laptop! :D Headset should not require a lot of bandwidth, but it does require high power, this is why they usually recommend a USB 3 for the headset. I had MASSIVE problems when i got my 3rd sensor, i did some thorough research on my USB controller setup and daisy chain, but in the end, i solved my problems by moving the USB around and trying some combinations that made sense.
- When you put on a PA, the normal armor pieces take up weight in your inventory, that why most PA players are just using the Mistress of Mystery or similar "cloth" armor when running PA. - In the prior patch there was a problem where PA's were not equipped correctly, i don't know if that was fixed. - If one of your excavator pieces are broken, it will remove the +100 Weight buff! Hope some of that will help you, but it sounds like you just have some kind of bug, it's hard to tell from your explanation of your problem.
IS it made with RPG-Maker or something similar or did you use a more advanced engine or make your own?
If you are using a "dynamic" fps option, that sounds like it could be a graphic resolution downscale based on your current FPS. So it might just be a coincidence; as you increase the FOV, your resolution is dynamically decreased and your FPS goes up!
Dude, i feel like 1/3 of my perks is to keep my WEIGHT down and i'm using excavator PA for the same reason but 1 leg broke and the other is almost there. I don't have resources to fix them and i don't have perks to make it cheaper. I am lugging around a good 5-7 weapons because i like to have different ammo pools and they break super fast even though i have the full perk to repair weapons. Overall i feel like most of my perk choices are out of necessity, not to have fun. I am just idleing, waiting for bug fixes, their survival theme is NOT making it fun!
Any tip to get Screws and Springs efficiently? It's the only components i have on watch, which components do you watch for?
It's INFURIATING how many releases are in the new year when "from my viewpoint" there was nothing for the last several months. Especially not hyped about Metro and Anthem on the same date, this is fixed now, but then there is Division 2 under a month later. And i want to play them ALL!
Not single player titles no, but multiplayer, definitely. It's going to be hard to pass up on Metro Exodus but it might be the plan.
Hmm, this doesn't sound feasible, maybe with the sales perk, i will look into it thanks. Also, i have never seen screws or springs for sale, only expensive items containing them.
Thanks for the reply.
Interesting, thanks for the tale.
How much Division 1 did you play?
Absolutely do recommend this game.
I got the Ultimate because it was 8% off and with UPlay points i got an additional 20% off for a total of 28% off. Also i played almost 1000 hours of TD1. I think pre-orders are super positive, because i can cancel it when they announce stupid things, i think that's much more rewarding for the publishers than to have never pre-ordered at all!
Please don't support exclusives openly, it's stupid and hurts all gamers at some point!
Thanks for the Minecraft tip, there was a colleague who asked me and i had to tell him i knew nothing about Minecraft but i heard it was a manual experience. When you buy a console, it's already outdated PC hardware inside. I think the best way to do a medium PC with better specs than a console is upgrading either CPU/MOBO or GPU every 2 years for around the same price as a console. I think you save a lot of money on PC games unless you buy a launch that you would not be able to do on console, also there is no subscription necessary for online play. And you have a machine that let's you do a hell of a lot of other things besides play game, plus you can hook it up to your pc and use a controller if that is your preferred input.
Ugh, i don't know if my back can take it. But i always get sad when people say that buy a game for PS4 because of friends, gaming should be about choice, not exclusivity.
-VR
Think the highest on PC was like 36k+ They did it by boosting 1 player through mostly completed content for 1h. So it's a joint "clan" effort to cheese the ladder.
Old CoD didn't used to be like this, you actually had fights based on aim and movement, not, who saw who first and clicked fire. Although BO4 seem to be a step in the right direction, thoroughly enjoyed Zombie and Multiplayer, but only for a fraction of playtime compared to my 1k hours in TD1 :D
I'm done dedicatedly supporting Steam when they keep letting publishers go over the greedy 30% profit margin the have. You might see a sale on Steam, but i doubt it will be 85%.
Yeah, i did it with TD1, but this time around i just got the Ultimate for 28% off with the 100 Uplay point discount.
Could be, i havn't kept up to date with GE events since the first rotation.
Dat outdoor toilet! OP....
Pretty sure you would need a seperate account, how many characters do you need, are you just dressing them up or what!? :D
The game is SO fucking unprepared for cheaters i havn't seen anything like it since The Division 1, but at least they took a stance and fixed it. Looks like Bethesda are too busy with normal game bugs that they don't want to do anything about cheats or cheaters.
Someone said you could get Gold pretty cheap, so yeah!
Also, if you are interested in Division 2, playing the 1st one now is a great introduction.
What i mean is that compared to Massive and Ubisoft, Bethesda are showing NO signs of taking cheating serious.
Wheel i started playing the game on Oct 30, i already played most of it and got tired of the bugs, just waiting for them to make it more enjoyable to play. Meeting people who cheat and dupe is not making me want to play it any more. So no, i don't think i'm jumping ahead here, they knew full well what they were selling, and we are completely intitled to ask for a working product. Why would you even support a publishers on anti-cheating who is showing no signs of taking cheating serious, they don't have to ACTUALLY FIX the cheating, just fucking make a statement that they will enforce a anti-cheat policy!?
I always mind control them early in a fight and let the enemy do the damage while i take out the adds and position him in a bad spot.
Only used Selma early on, in late game i swapped between Magnus and Farrow depending on the enemies.
Being able to revisit zones for more combat would not really change the story driven progression, also it would solve the problem of being stuck in a game because you can't do the content or the content being too easy.
Yeah, but do you pay for the hole?
Didn't know they had announced the VIP demo date, thought it might be December so they actually have time to fix stuff, maybe that's a silly notion, but Division 2 just had a Technical Alpha for good reason.
PC, i didn't expect the consoles would use Origin?
Now i don't know how you play your games, but i have a feeling that Anthem will be supported for at least 2 years, maybe more depending on their DLC/Expansion support. You might not be playing it full-on for that time because there is not enough content for that, but revisiting titles like these when they change or add stuff is always fun, so keep i mind that you might want to play it periodically over several years.
Yeah but don't you get a discount on buying the game if you have an active premium access!?
Yeah, in essence we are paying for a demo, lol *sob*.
I think there is.
I think you won't get the early access!
I don't trust 99% of reviews vs my own opinion with a demo. But yeah you really are right, good things comes to those that wait!
But no launch early access, right?
Division 2 has both chat "Text to Speech" and "Speech to Text", it's kinda amazing. I don't understand why other titles don't have it, i mean it's fucking BUILT-INTO Windows.
If you have a good PC i think it's worth it just to play with nice graphics and FPS. Also if you need to practice M&amp;KB, this could be a good opportunity.
Looks like this is with the GE buff, can't really compare it to normal records. Problem being you don't have enough damage or bullets to kill stuff at high levels without GE Buffs doing the work. Nor the records who cheesed "glitched" really high, what was it lol 353 waves.
PS. For Hard; you don't HAVE to stealth kill everything to get through the game, just the ones that leave the main camp. You can Save-Load cheese until you get the crits you need to stealth kill almost everything, but it's not necessary if you use your skills and tactics.
I thought it was, like everything else, but everytime i loot corpses in a nuclear zone with other people, most of it just vanishes before my eyes.
It REALLY suck not being able to talk about TD2 technical Alpha, because i have SO much to discuss, and Ubisoft closed forum is almost dead!
I got 2h into it and never touched it again, the first one was also super boring. I think i'm just more of a DOS1-2 gamer.
I don't think so, were you in a nuclear blast zone, because i think it has special rules to promote PVP ***SIGH***
That's not what i said, i said it was nearly dead for DISCUSSIONS. IE. People were barely replying to other posts or talking about suggestions. Not necessarily a bad thing for the game, it's up to the devs to evaluate the feedback.
That's not what i said, i said it was nearly dead for DISCUSSIONS. IE. People were barely replying to other posts or talking about suggestions. Not necessarily a bad thing for the game, it's up to the devs to evaluate the feedback.
Both for players and for Massive, there were an endless amount of feedback posts and we also filled out a 15-30 min questionnaire.
1. You are breaking the NDA. 2. Really shitty but rather you now than loads at launch?
Loom and Monkey Island 1+2 are amongst some of my favorite game intros of all time, but mostly because of the music.
No,but you just stated you couldn't play because of connection issues, unless these were on your end, you are disclosing technical game experiences?
It's just a BOX!?
You got any extensions/plugins running, i have 2 for adblock and anonymity, they often cause problems. I did have problems with the ofrum during the test, but nothing persistent.
Optimize gear where the armor is nearly maxed as it's MUCH more expensive to upgrade the missing armor, than the missing attributes.
Who the fuck does UBISOFT think play's The Division, have they not heard about Fork Knife? There are no fucking kids here, just battle hardened Agents, we survive by lick old dollar bills and drinking stale water we find in the street. Maybe they are trying to draw kids in, i can't wait to meet my mothers new lover in the DZ when i take a selfie on his mutilated corpse!
I felt optimistic ever since they announced that they had a small team working on TD2 since the release of TD1. I was hyped after seeing the E3 demo and that hasn't changed. That's about all i can say without breaking the NDA i believe.
The real question, did they ACTUALLY make this full city feature, or just a sensor around the sign!? :D
I only have experience with the grown-up platform! :D ps. Think there is whole lot of fun attitudes besides being a childish douchebag troll and a super serious adult.
Take the shitty headphones off and use proper bluetooth headphones. I have the Sennheiser MOMENTUM, but i would recommend any of the Marshall Bluetooth headsets for price/quality. I wonder if it's possible to mod a headphone jack into the headset, i'm guessing NO.
I'd like some soothing christmas music at these times, i don't have a TV, when i go shopping there is no music blasting, so i don't really hear it. So i made my own playlist, it's not really a lot of songs yet, but i like most of them: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mN7LW0Y00kE&amp;list=PLNXYhR4dhwxDUBUu4St0jbNE7GzEpGuXW
Think you just got a nice prefix, the normal ones aren't that exciting :D
We will have to agree to disagree on that.
Steam just launched UPlay so you get nothing out of it, if you attach TD1 as a non-steam game to Steam you would get the same.
Tips that has probably not been covered: Ability kills also trigger Predatory!
It's infinitely easier to complete Classified sets during GR events, and GE Events are fun, you unfortunately just missed one but there will probably be more. Legendary missions are great to get Exotics and hard/fun, you get 1 guaranteed cache pr Legendary missions pr. week.
It's kinda a hi-tech future, i don't think they just "magically" stick to it.
HEhe, linking to a website where the source is Reddit LOL. https://www.reddit.com/r/thedivision/comments/99qziz/upcoming_bonus_rewards_ge_schedule_183/
Here is a unofficial schedule: https://www.reddit.com/r/thedivision/comments/99qziz/upcoming_bonus_rewards_ge_schedule_183/
Well nobody uses the pistol :D I think the sling would cost a lot of development resources with all the different gear you can have on your back and various clothing items of different sizes.
Funcom has made two of my most favorite games of all time, that being said Age of Conan was not great and i haven't tried Conan Exiles. My personal experience having finished the game once on Hard and coming from X-com 2 and D:OS 1+2, it was a good game. If you aren't going to replay it, even though it's not AAA price, it could be a bit lower.
Do SHIELDS.
1. No healing, no healing ultimate, fix for chicken dance. I don't think they need to do anything else!? 2. Same as point 1, your inability to hit someone while moving at range is probably part skill and part chicken dance and lag. Sounds like you just want a slower more realistic PvP, this would not work with gearing, it's built around a choice between survival or damage. 3. Play one of the two PvP modes that AREN'T DZ, did you forget they exist? PvP will never be balanced in a looter shooter with massive amount of stats, i'm surprised that they thought PvP would be a good idea or if they don't remove the gearing factor for PvP in TD2 to balance and stop ruining PvE.
I'm 100% okay with this if it has something to do with coop/multiplayer. If this is a purely single player game, i don't see why this is necessary unless they are doing some kind of even interaction or shared economy.
There is a lot of players incoming atm. the only content you should need a group for is main missions, but only because you are new, it's very soloable! Most of us leveled solo back at launch as well, it's a series on unlocks, so unless you play everything together, you won't be able to do it efficiently. What i did with my friend was do the main missions together, the discord would be a good idea if you want to be boosted through the main missions which will give you close to 75% of the XP needed for max level. Also division doesn't really become fun until end game!
Title: in Beat Saber or Star Citizen, because there is a bloody difference! :D
1. They said they would limit movement to try and fix it. 2. Sounds like they could handicap all players to fix a PvP problem AGAIN. 3. Whoa i almost violated the Technical Alpha NDA here. :O I can't argue with you since you can talk about the Technical Alpha and i cannot!
I mean, a turret/seeker/grenade kill will trigger the "on kills" talents from your active weapon, like Predatory. The most fun i had in TD1 was before they nerfed Tactician gear set and electronic builds, we had a whole group of Turrets, Seeker mines and Sticky Bombs just annihilate even legendary missions. You were very squishy but it was a fun and different way to play.
Healing in TD2 has been replaced by armor, if you look at the abilities, many of them can regenerate armor, but judging by the E3 demo, it's not fast! So PvP is going to be limited to your current armor, health and "armor medkit" which has an activation time, you won't be able to do what you could with healing in TD1!
Healing in TD2 has been replaced by armor, if you look at the abilities, many of them can regenerate armor, but judging by the E3 demo, it's not fast! So PvP is going to be limited to your current armor, health and "armor medkit" which has an activation time, you won't be able to do what you could with healing in TD1!
Let's hope that DZ in TD2 has normalized stats then! :D
They said they would fix the chicken dance, i just hope they don't make movement shitty and slow by doing this, because i REALLY like the current movement feel of the game! Also, since there is no instant healing or armor, i would argue that chicken dance is only useful for reloading and waiting for abilities cooldown. So based on that, i'm not sure it will be a big problem!
I'm surprised your windows survived WW2.
PvP ruined The Division, Healing ruined PvP. Getting rid of OP healing meta is the best thing they could have done, the ONLY people who likes burst healing are players who likes to prey on other players who aren't using healing meta and have ZERO chance of competing. Sure it changed a little with classified sets, but it's a broken solution for a broken mechanic. I couldn't possibly disagree with you more on this topic! I would much rather have them slow PvP down and make it about tactics, shooting and abilities, not boring players to death with healing and chicken dance.
It runs fine now, i just played v3.4 on a 1080ti. There is ACTUALLY a game there, who would have thought, i did missions and shit...
+1 for background music of puppers going ham on a bone!
I don't think the gameplay will be anything like either of them, it seems more like an Action-RPG.
Nahh, i think the developers are ruining BG&amp;E2 all by themselves this time. But a lot could change before launch, so i won't judge. I don't know anything about the game besides E3 trailer and Space Monkey Program, but i did NOT expect this childish Disney character theme. Frankly i expected Firefly with Human-Animal hybrids and action rpg gameplay, and what we have seen is pretty damn close!
Well i can turn it around for you and challenge the subject in a different way: Why do we have a boring, often pointless leveling process with a lot of 1-time content if people only care about the endgame. It makes fully sense that Massive design goal for The Division 2 were "endgame priority".
THAT WE CAN TALK ABOUT, MUahahhahaha! *Really wish i could!*
Why has it become trendy to shit on a product over the most minute details without having any information about why it has these features.
HAHA, you still think US is a first world country...
Well Fallout 76 ran well for me, i edited some config like i did for FO4 which i also liked, i enjoyed the exploration, shooting, camp building and stories solo. Incidentally, the thing that got to me in the end, even after the patches was inventory management, i'm a hoarder, and it's not possible.
There's a fucking difference between being an apologist and wanting the features that comes with always online backends systems. True, if it's for DRM only, yeah it's redicilous, but i would still rather have always online than shitty DRM.
Been thinking the same since wow... :D I mean you have a game ALL about killing boss monsters, that works well.
1. Hacking protected inventory. (Ex. Diablo 2 Battle.net) 2. Developer controlled events. (Ex. Warframe) 3. Player shared economy.
If they wanted us to test ship purchases and ships in general, they would not cost so fucking much, that's stupid logic!
Google cardboard and a phone can do this with pretty shitty quality. In essence, any VR headset right now will have VASTLY lower quality image vs a monitor and is only worth it for the actual vr experience or for instance watching movies on a car or plane ride.
Ptff, Sentry players without MDR are useless. *Pistol/RiotShield sentries are also a-okay!*
I don't want to take away from your leveling experience, but most of your XP will comes from doing each Main Mission once, the rest is doing encounters to unlock all 3 wings and abilities/passives in the BoO "Base of Operation". There really isn't much until lvl 30 and you aren't skipping anything, it will just be easier later. Also by reaching lvl 30 sooner rather than later you will get gear as you do all the encounters and side missions.
Freesync and Price!?
Pretty sure they stated that there would be additional specializations after launch. So it's very much a possibility but i think we will see the normal ability present at launch!
Times change, features evolve, if they made it the same as the original it would be boring and outdated!
While many of the game people have mentioned are similar and good, there are only 3 games i would say are just as good as MYZRTE: 1. Xcom 2 (with or without DLC). 2. Divinity: Original Sin. 3. Divinity: Original Sin 2. Wasteland 3 should be coming out soon? Could be really good. Older games like Shadowrun games, Wasteland 2 and Fallout games are more RPG heavy, i actually don't enjoy the open world freedom in some of those games, i just want a story, character progression and a lot of fighting!
Did they change Steam VR regarding Audio, the audio settings should be controller by windows, not steam! I have 4 audio outputs, Speakers, DAC headphones, Rift headphones and a pair of Sennheiser bluetooth headphones that i use for VR. When i setup my VR and turn on the bluetooth, my headphones usually connect and becomes default, but that's only because i have muted devices i don't want, like RIFT Headphones. Only rare issues of me having to select default on the device i want, but it's not rocket surgery!
You're cheap, do you have other services?
It was featured in Around the Verse!
The humanoid feature looks like a drunk rice farmer! :D
The first 15 games are Beat Saber, then the rest of the crap!
TL;DR: To get a much better sound experience without adding another wire! https://en-ie.sennheiser.com/momentum-on-ear-wireless Well usually Sennheiser has SUPERB sound, and while the sound is still really good, there is A LOT of fucking bass in these, it's borderline too much! I wish i could get better sound that i could just attach to the headset, but i cannot, also these Sennheiser has no sound delay which does happen on some bluetooth headsets. If i had to buy some today, i would get the Marshall Wireless, the sound is still good and they are cheaper and more comfy.
Like any other regular headphones, the rift headset is really not in the way, i detached the rift headphones ofc, that was really simple. I tried these briefly, they were more comfortable and cheaper, they lacked the bass ofc. but that could be both a positive and negative feature. https://www.marshallheadphones.com/mh_be_en/major-iii-bluetooth
How do you deal with the supposedly higher energy requirements of large weapons on Avenger Titan? I'm asking because i took my gimble off and put a larger weapon in the front and it doesn't seem efficient?
It requires extra effort to do this i believe, and i think it's a nVidia only feature. Let's hope the "fact" that nVidia DLSS requires TAA to "work" will mean that we will see it more in the future.
I REALLY can't wait for SC to have VR support, it's going to make the cockpit experience much better, even when playing with a mouse &amp; keyboard like i do. I do wonder if the gimble is going to be attached to the headset or still the mouse. Doesn't really matter, pretty sure good VR support will see me invest in 2 sticks.
One bad apple doesn't make them all rotten!?
This can be disabled in the nVidia control panel via right clicking on the desktop? **Edit:** Hmm, i guess it's something you setup to choose what GPU games use aso. not something you can just disable. Not sure that is the problem, but worth checking and fiddling with. https://nvidia.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/2615/~/how-do-i-customize-optimus-profiles-and-settings%3F
1. Reduction in wireframe effect. 2. Dynamic focus. 3. Actual ventilation. 4. Headset headphone jack for 3rd party headsets and mods. 5. Longer headset cable. 6. Wireless that doesn't fry your head. 7. Automatic lens focus/settings. Future-future: 1. Mouth/Eyes tracking. 2. Dynamic lens system for people with eye defects. 3. Lighter design. 4. Usable wireless design.
I think this is worth checking, if you don't know how to check it, post your laptop name and number and we should be able to find out of the HDMI port is up to spec. Also, did you try this compatibility tool? https://ocul.us/compat-tool
Try and make sure that the nVidia Global Settings for preferred graphics processor is set to the nVidia card. Like this guide but for ALL "Global Settings", not pr application. What you want is make sure that Oculus is using your GPU, not the intel iGPU. Alternatively, your HDMI is not compatible, not sure the stuff you mentioned would work, if you have a USB Type -C or Display port, maybe you can convert either to HDMI and use that. Or, look into acquiring a docking station that will solve the problem for you, i would make sure that is the problem before a purchase ofc. Good Luck.
Haven't tried running widow yet, do you have to wait for vendor inventory respawn to buy a lot? Also sounds like you can't just sell it all in one go?
Do you have to move each by hand, what if you shoot a ship full of cargo in space, will they fly all over the place, can you use tractor beam to pick it up?
Sounds very time consuming, i wonder if this is a temporary mechanic to slow it down or a permanent solution until there is a more dynamic economy, ie. one without infinite demand.
When it's top down from the side it's called "Isometric", this can be both 2D or 3D isometric even though isometric means illustrating 3D in a 2D space.
1. That's the entrance to the Cataclysm, we haven't technically seen it yet, IF it exist. 2. They did mention that the storm parts wasn't done yet, only time will tell i guess.
People are BS.
Might not be a low fps problem! I usually run some 80fps+ with G-Sync, i also see bullets not firing lately, although for me it was like only 1/10th of the bullets actually firing.
So, what kind of build does 6 year old girls run?
&gt;The small amount of players who have used the armor exploit will receive a warning on their account. Any further violation of the terms of use will lead to a permanent ban of their account. **Good policy!**
Also a low priority one, and yes, we all noticed...
This issue was in today's patch notes!
BTW, i don't think that talent is worth it, even though it HAS been improved.
I asked for this since TD1. # LOOT HOBO! YES! It's morally wrong, but i want to hunt him down while he tries to escape with all the loot!
If you weren't SO SHIT, he wouldn't have to rush you because he was bored out of his MIND!
1. Chem Launcher was over-nerfed. 2. We need it for dual batteries and one 2k mod.
Well it IS actually how i think the AI reacts. Actually think the AI was good until people started asking for nerfs because they were getting "rushed" with the AI taking no regards for their own life. Well, you should see me play then, if i have the advantage, i will always be up in their faces with litte regards for my own health. Think the expectations of the AI is entirely unrealistic if you compare them to how players play. Also i would rather have the AI be super hard then easy meat-shields, but i guess some people don't understand what the consequences are of asking for AI nerfs.
Are you sure you aren't just using Chem Launcher Fire/Acid, the misses from the shots ticking on the ground usually results in a buggy Accuracy.
Agree, people should stop regurgitating bug causes without proof.
- Diablo 3 Season 17 with Legacy of Nightmares buff has been REALLY fun for someone who has not done Ancient builds before, it's been MANY season since i have touched the game, this was really refreshing experience, even if only for about a weeks worth of entertainment. - The Division 2 still get's some action after hundreds of hours, but it desperately lacks patches and content, raid was a complete bust for 99% of the community! - E3 around the corner, nothing else exciting...
MK46 :D
No matter how many times i watch this, it always makes me giggle.
I have a GS450 YAHHL Mask with Red/Blue/D2E. I REALLY want to switch it for something else on my x/7/x LMG Unhinged build, but the 10 WH is just hard to give up!
Back in early WOW days i was using [THIS](https://albanyobjects.blob.core.windows.net/productimages/1678/90013110/1082f4df-3276-441c-be60-7c7e3cd78e08.jpg) keyboard. I started to get a pain in the top tendons part of my hand "i have no idea if it's related to carpal tunnel", it helped a lot to raise my hand because i relaxed more, eventually i changed to [Logitech Illuminated](https://www.logitech.com/en-us/product/illuminated-keyboard-k740) keyboard and have never had issues since. The point is, my hand is more flat/stretched/relaxed as i repeatedly tap keys, and the keys were easier to press, i think this alleviated the problem. Also if nothing else can be done, buy VR, it's the future anyways! :D
Feel like the Raid was a MASSIVE disappointment, i would be surprised if even 5% of the players had 8 players to try it out. I don't mind if it hard, i just don't want to be forced into managing a 8 player squad for a game that is 99% 1-4 man content.
While doing Bounties you can enter rooms from the wrong direction and experience this. Black Tusks also do this in some missions, but they actually appear from doors, not out of thin air. It's kinda their thing!
It's so many issues making one great big mess: - Not enough inventory space to store recal talents/attributes. - So high RNG that you tend to store more than you need because future builds. - Having to store several SP req. version of skill mod and skill mods taking up stash space instead of seperate skill mods stash space. - Having to maintain several characters because of all these things and cumbersomely moving items back and forth. - WAY too much loot because the RNG is so high, instead of just having more options to fix items and getting less loot. ALL these issues takes away from the two things i like in TD: Playing the game and making builds!
Maybe there is a baseline crit chance, is it not shown in the stats page? Are you testing on a dummy or also NPCs? Are you solo or in group, there is a talent that adds group crit chance!
Yeah, that too, but also the crafted item limitations makes them mostly useless.
Well, diamonds are a girls best friend, or so they say... :o
For me it's very simple: - They made 8 player content for a 1-4 player game and i don't want to manage a 8+ player clan for ONE raid!
I don't know what you are talking about, DX12 were always present, i suspect you are talking about the rumored DX12 crashes for nVidia cards, most crashes seem to have been fixed!
I might ACTUALLY use my high-dmg pistol-only build again with this holster, the 400% optimal range will help a lot, one of the problems was that you had to get close!
Out of the some 9'ish builds i have, UF-OTR 3/7/7 is probably the most annoying to play, you could try some non-streamer/meta builds of your own making? - Looking forward to re-visit my pistol-only build after i get the holster, the 400% optimal range will really help, 50% armor regen from Blacksmith is fun even though it's unreliable. - Unless Merciless armor by-pass is changed, i am still going to enjoy my Merciless Explosion-CDR build going forward. - I am fully enjoying playing x/7/x UF, Unhinged-LMG with Sweet Dreams and rolling to reload, it's a lot of fun and not having to reloads just makes me happy. Unlike everyone else, i use a MK46, i think it's just better than the M60! - Currently collecting a full SP/CDR build, could still be fun to play now, but i think it will be more fun in the future. - I tried to make a full SP Hard-Wired build, it just doesn't fucking work on any difficulty that matters, i hope they make changes to it soon.
I had a bunch of crashes, both on dx11 and DX12, even after the early "skills" crashes were fixed. Friends and I would often see synchronized crashes from all the players who were using DX11 or DX12, other times it was random, can't really say there was a pattern, i am comfortably running in DX12 mode now, not experiencing any graphics related crashes.
Do we know that the Banshee Cry is based on CDR or what? Guess it could just have an ammo cost and internal CD.
I kinda need the Snipers Weapon Handling for my Unhinged LMG build! You didn't mention it, is it still present? As for the loss of Reload speed, i'm really enjoying using Sweet Dreams offhand talent to reload.
I'm seeing INSANE prices, like 3500$ in EU, while i'm really interest to see how the Asus/Acer/AOC goes up against the LG, i think any huge price difference will guide my hand. Think they will both have HUGE disadvantages.
It's also cool that you can focus on really high merciless explosions or near 90% CDR, both are fun in their own ways.
Yeah i like that, but i also think it's a silly change. They could just have a 15% All Weapon Damage and give us freedom to choose and swap builds/weapons without having to change spec.
Well, unless you have the highest CDR rolls ever seen, you will need Haste on Mask/Kneepads to max out at 90% CDR, ergo you will forgo a lot of explosion damage there!
Step 1. Tell her to mom the fuck out of all the degenerates in VR-Chat. Step 2. Stream. Step 3. Profit.
The land of the free, where Data Caps is a thing and the free market doesn't include ISPs, somehow...
You won't get a lot of extra features on a UW for 210$ To get the same physical height monitor as your 27", you are looking at a 32" UW monitor at least, also at that price you are looking at a 2560x1080 resolution monitor at max 75Hz, 1080p won't look great on such a large monitor, but you could go smaller if that has interest. [All UW Monitors](https://www.newegg.com/p/pl?Submit=ENE&amp;N=100898493%20600414455%20601303801%20600554755%20601297247&amp;IsNodeId=1&amp;bop=And&amp;Order=PRICE&amp;PageSize=36) [Good UW Monitors (1440P+ 100Hz+ &lt;=5m G/Free-Sync)](https://www.newegg.com/p/pl?Submit=ENE&amp;N=100898493%20600554755%20601297247%20600559797%20600559798%20600030976%20600030979%20600030981%20600255030%20600486457&amp;IsNodeId=1&amp;bop=And&amp;Order=PRICE&amp;PageSize=36)
My Asus ROG Swift have also started flickering "brightness pulsing" lately. It's not great that the lifespan of G-Sync is shorter than the panel itself! It's impossible to find any repair centers with G-Sync experiences.
LG 29UM69G-B seems like a descent choice if you have a AMD GPU or if it's nVidia G-Sync compatible, but it's really hard at that budget! There are newer and better UW monitors coming to the market right now, we are starting to see lower range UW fall in price, if you wait and save a bit more you will probably get more for your money!
Fortunately for you, nVidia has opened up for using Freesync with nVidia GPU's, it's just that it won't always work perfectly, especially with low Hz or cheaper monitors.
I want better Underground mechanic or none at all! - Underground should be endless "until you wipe", each level adds difficulty and loot. - More dynamic sections so you don't quickly learn all the layouts by heart. - More fun modifiers. - Hunters, hunters up the wazoo! - All loot drops after you wipe, keep the combat flowing...
69m skill damage, obviously not from shield or pistol? So essentially just Grenade Launcher?
So bug.
Summaries are super buggy, people will randomly have super high skill damage for no reason. Out of all the runs my group does, mostly using the same builds, we can almost roll a dice as to who will have 10* as high skill damage as the others. It doesn't seem reliable.
This is peak-game-flower performance right here!
I hope it's cheaper than the Q-Dot 200Hz, 2000$ i could do, not 3500$.
It's Blizzard, i don't think the universe matters...
4K is for TV's, /r/UltrawideMasterRace!
Yeah i know, have been testing it since it came out, tried to do runs specifically to rule out those things, but the results were still crazy. Unless extra damage from talents like UF is also counted as Skill Damage, but that would be nuts. Initially thought there was a bug with some weak points, like damage after death or something, but it doesn't seem plausible with the test runs i had. Also i think there is a MASSIVE amount of over-damage, specifically from stuff like Merciless, Nemesis or Specialization weapons.
No matter then FPS, VRR will always be better, the only thing that comes close is V-Sync, and then only for slower movement games.
Looks more comparable to the others skill damage, but you have good high damage from using the pistol talents. I'm not saying it's not a good build, just saying that the stats summary is unreliable.
??? I GUESS!? ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
I HATED the idea of Division being a cover shooter before TD1 came out, i thought it would be the worst shit ever, cover shooters were not a thing on PC, people asked for crouch/prone before and after the launch of TD1. **But i HAVE to take my hat off to Massive, Cover and Cover-Cover works SO well in TD1**, it's really a shame that TD2 has taken a step back, but that seems like a design choice, not a limitation of the game. - You can't C2C that far anymore. - It's impossible to target cover that is not directly facing your player, the angle of allowed C2C is much lower.
So you are saying the indicator is limited but the C2C is not?
Makes sense if it's just the PC "indicator" that's limited in this fashion, i will try and surpass or turn it off next time i play! Because compared to TD1, TD2 is severely limited in range and what surfaces it can target.
Bloom vs Bleed, take your pick!
It's going to be VASTLY heavier to run games than the 21:9 1440p. Also think the 3k prices are kneejerk estimates because they don't know the prices yet and they want it on their sites! There is also the LG IPS 3840x1600 38" 175Hz(OC) monitor, but also no word on launch or release. This site/post seems to be well updated when anything relevant happens: https://www.displayninja.com/new-monitors-in-2019/
There are lots, just nothing truly epic. Going to focus on stuff i see no one else mentioning: - I really enjoyed Black Desert, but essentially it's endless mob grind with FFA PVP and typical asian animation cancelling that can be macroed, made me quit. - Camelot Unchained will reach a finished alpha full production client soon, it's heavily about crafting and thus the destruction of crafted armor and weapons. The triple faction battles is supposedly going to be 500 players but the engine has been tested with upwards of several thousands. - Amazon's New World seems interesting, but not much info yet. Kinda wish EQ Next wasn't cancelled, i liked the class/progression system.
Have a friend spawn the hunters for you again, or wait until we can respawn them in a future patch.
You're wrong, there was a highly upvoted post after WT5 about this, but this was before people understood that crafting was COMPLETELY POINTLESS!
95% of the game can be enjoyed immensely solo, the rest is scaled for 4 players but if you are good enough, you can still solo it. - 4 player content is: Heroic Invasion Missions and Raid, some invasion mission being MUCH harder than others!
That sounds up there with "delidding a cpu" in terms of HOLY SHIT, BETTER NOT FUCK UP!
If "Wall mounting: no" means it has no vesa adapter compatibility, then you can't do anything but make something completely custom.
They have to sell more U-Play copies before it launches on Google Stadia and later on Microsoft/Steam!
Have same build, not used it because of the semi-auto bug, but looking really forward to exotic holster, that will make it a lot more versatile!
Everytime the Black Tusk invade the missions, i completely forget where they are and i have to run there and look for the entrance on foot!
I liked several of the characters own stories and personalities more than the overall story, i felt like the part where you go to the "underground thieves den" to meet your crew for the first time was really exciting, the rest not so much. The part where "whats his face" betrays you; was SO obvious, it was really annoying and i just hated everything about it. Generally that entire character development of this guy is all over the place.
While i don't fully agree with the whole "MORE LEGENDARIES NAU!" religion, i don't feel like they are listening to players at all anymore, also pampering to "influencers" like they represent or understand the average player is just flat out ridiculous.
Yeah but with local dimming you won't be using it for DTP work anyways, so it's just a gaming monitor, and for that 90% DCI P3 is MORE than adequate. Most IPS panels can't even manage 90% Adobe RGB, yet alone high DCI P3 color range.
Hmm, not really what i was hoping for having my old G-Sync also max out af 144Hz. Then again, the alternative is 175Hz (OC) from LG, considering my ROG Swift G-Sync feature is slowly dying on me, not hooked on breaking warranty via OC on such an expensive monitor.
How are NOBODY asking if it's turn-based or Realtime!?
I meant the interviewers. :D
Ehh, shoot ONE holster bag!?
When i found it first time, i thought it was an Anthem homage. Because "Freelancer" and "Flying". :D
Can i boycott Epic and NOT be labeled a Steam fanboi please, because: - I will NEVER support exclusives, especially 3rd party ones. - I think Valve is greedy as fuck.
There is one other way, EA announces a relaunch. - EA injects more funding into the game, they are hemorrhaging customers because of the redicilous demands they had for the technical aspect and deadline of the game. - Bioware stops working on whatever they have moved on to and focus 100% on an Anthem relaunch. - DICE add streaming to the engine because no AAA publisher should be using a level "instance" based engine post 2015.
Why not both!?
If other can do it much cheaper, it's probably greedy. Also, that is the ONLY fact we have, you and I have NO idea what their infrastructure costs nor what deals indie or AAA publishers get. But from my point of view, Valve is using customers support to force a premium cost for launching games on their platform, and there is little evidence of that profit benefiting the customers.
People whined, Ubisoft backtracked and said it would only be initial stash space, as in worthless! Also the Classified missions are just side missions in DC, not quite what they made it sound like.
eventually we will get 8, maybe.
I the same way The Division did it, gradually and never in the same amounts, but that is true for any online game, even TD2 with is massive content has still lost most of it's players, they just aren't in it for the "grind".
If you are the type of person who is not going to be grinding endgame, it's a descent 50h title, just expect some loading and disconnects.
I think Pentagon is another 8 man only raid!
SUPER disappointed in their choice to make raids, 8-man only! I know it makes sense, but this is a 1-4 man game, i play it with 3 friends, that is THE MAIN DNA of the game. **I have a flicker of hope they make the raids doable in 4 and 8 man modes!**
More worth getting Freesync/G-Sync AND 100Hz+, the higher the better, while most games has a max FPS slider, for those that don't if you go over your monitor Hz, VRR is turned off and you will get screen-tearing, stuttering or V-sync.
Yeah, same with Heroics, i tried TB with a friend, it was brutal, we needed a 3rd man for the last boss fight!
It's weird to have a randomised Pentagon, but it sounds like a great way to do UG.
All content up and until the endgame "grind" was AWESOME though, well, it was MUCH better than TD1, let's just leave it at that!
Making builds and using them in PVE/PVP, it's a looter shooter, what else could there be? Also that doesn't change with Raid, they are litterally just more loot locked behind a 8-man requirement wall.
It's new content, would you faceroll LZ than have new areas to explore?
Yeah but Destiny 2 was built with Raid as the final progression, so the hardest 3-man content did not scale down to 1 player, it was obvious early on that being in a clan would help with a lot of content. We don't have that in TD2, there was no reason to do Heroic until they made the loot GS500, and even then you don't need 4 players if you have Raid ready gear. While the raid didn't come as a surprise, i don't think anyone were expecting all of these (8-man only with no matchmaking and strict communication requirements).
The DNA of Division is 1-4 man content, while we have had some content that was fixed to 4 players, it was still doable with less.
That's a matter of gear balance, kinda glad that it's not super good right now.
The Gear Sets, which is the same for almost all gear sets, need balancing to be viable, well it need D2E is what it needs! The AR seems fine. It would be devastating if the gear sets were actually AWESOME and locked behind the raid 8-man wall.
I started using Sweet Dreams on my LMG build, combat rolls reload 25% ammo, it's great for for fast runs.
Seen most exotics drop from Union Arena or DCD Headquarters.
I'd rather have 4 man modes for raids!
I like the Unhinged MK46 more, it's a bummer you loose so much HS damage, but that roll reload is just fun!
No.
Two croc tails has been there since launch, not sure if OPs is one of the new ones.
It is easy, because only the attributes change, so you only need to know what attributes each piece can roll to min max the set. Even without that knowledge it's easy to sort what pieces you want over others. - D2E on Mask. - WD on Chest/Backpack. - Armor on Chest/Backpack/Kneepads. - Specifik WD on Gloves. This pattern never changes and it's the bare minimum of what you need to know, imho.
Pistol damage builds are up there with rifle damage, problem was low optimal range, but the holster changes that, at the cost of the 50% armor regen on kills.
Unless they OC, they are listed as 144Hz vs 100Hz. With G-sync, it's just nicer to have higher refresh. Most game have max fps cap, but for those that don't, it's really nice if you can keep the fps within the operable Hz range. That being said, i am waiting for a UW myself, it's just a really cool experience, even if you have to limit yourself to 120Hz.
10% Armor regen on Gunner spec is hella nice, does it also have the pistol damage?
I'm not saying 2000$ is not a lot of money, but it's nice that the unreleased Q-Dot UW trio has a little competition. Still have questions before i make a choice: - Prices, specifically in EU. - Bleed vs Bloom. - 175Hz(OC) vs 200Hz (low response time?). - 34" 1440P vs 38" 1600P. Too bad Samsung is not in the race, well they have that 49" 32:9 120Hz LOL.
#50 speed! It really depends on the game and settings, you can probably still play CS, TF2 and Civilization just fine! :D
I REALLY hope these are still safety margins because they don't know the price!
Expect BIG pixels, you might have to sit further away from it than a normal monitor!
My ROG Swift is broken, it's more apparent when doing VRR or high refresh, so not sure if it's the panel og G-Sync module, either way, i am more wary about doing OC now. Most of these monitors only have 2 years warranty, and some mention that OC is not supported, not really happy about that when we are talking about a 2000$ product.
Well, OBVIOUSLY, players have widely reported better drops when leveling as opposed to WT5 characters. But could just be Massive trying to make sure leveling characters have an easier time...
Watercool the one you have, OC and wait for an RTX series that's ACTUAL worth spending money on!?
Most of these were warranted!
As expected!?
Ehh, the fuck you called me!?
The current and SUPER version of the 2000 series is not enough to truly enjoy RTX, so i'm not upgrading until the next series!
Well the 1080ti is the best value for money i have ever purchased.
Do you often use multi windows while coding? Think window height would be more important than width, not that i don't often end up surpassing the 16:9 width with some codes.
**If i had to choose between GS and the loot Roll RNG, i would rather have GS ranges.** - I am okay with having GS 450-500 drops, with higher difficulty rewarding higher chance of getting closer to GS500. - This would mean that it's VERY obvious that a GS500 item means max rolled item, it would also mean more exciting loot. - I don't think they would go this patch as people have been very vocal with the non GS500 loot at WT5, but i think the hidden roll ranges is the same, just not obvious to the players.
Game got a bit stale after 300h for me, i have leveled all 4 chars currently sitting at 400h played, most of them was in the first 2 weeks as i had time off from work. It's stale because there is nothing to do, Raid is a HUGE disappointment as neither I nor my friends want to spend time managing a raid group, we are here for 4-man gameplay! Also the "negativity" is mostly warranted bad game design by Massive, especially when it's issues they had already fixed in TD1.
Yeah, it's really good value for my money, they did an amazing job as opposed to TD1! Not that i played that any less.
That is the point i am trying to make, take out the roll rng, have the GS determine the item stats, the high GS, the higher stats. But not like GS is now, you would have the current item roll ranges adapted to the GS ranges. I feel like i am really bad in explaining this.
I don't know what you mean, i'm saying the 1080Ti was great value for the money and i bought it when it came out, it's been my best investment since the 8800GTX.
It's just a nice way of allowing us to see the value of a drop without adding more numbers to the UI. Also i really like the idea of having high GS as rare items, it makes the loot more exciting without analyzing during the lengthy inventory management session.
LG has some sort of window splitting with PIP feature. Seems like Win10 let's you choose a layout if you snap one image and have others open on the screen, but i don't think they had UW in mind.
Worth mentioning that is a 175Hz **Overclock**!
Are you using the cable that was supplied with the monitor, if any? If yes or there is none, i would try another cable if possible!
That's a weird flex, but okay! I'm unreluctant fan of Logitech Illuminated Keyboard, which is also pretty weird...
Yeah, it's really nice to see more and more UW videos, many streamers are also hopping on-board.
Pretty much, it's too bad, i can't budge above 2000$, i get a huge discount if i buy IT hardware below that amount.
Not that kind of discount i'm afraid, company thing.
I would rather have 4-man mode than matchmaking, the raid is NOT build for PUGs, most of it requires direct vocal communication.
This season looks like it's a good mix of both. Also we will never get full balance and i don't see a problem with Ancient builds being slightly better than Gear sets.
Game thinks there is a manhole there :D
*4. Gear Sets are incredibly powerful and are incredibly effective, and boost skills/attributes/abilities beyond the level cap.* - Not interest in more 1.8 OP classified gear sets! - Gear sets often takes the theorycrafting away from the player and focuses you into a certain way to play. - It's fine that they exist for the player who don't want to make their own builds, they shouldn't be OP. - Patriot is a good example, it's pretty good, easy to build and has good group support features. - Yeah, the current gear sets are largely underpowered in PVE, but as long as they are still balancing we will get there for sure! *6. Crafted weapons and armor sets were THE ultimate items and the ultimate in the game.* - That sound hella boring, like WOW back when you had to BUY your gear using raid dropped tokens, it just wasn't the same as regular LOOT! PS. Your seem to forgo the whole PVP balancing, the sole reason why they can't go crazy with skills and gear sets in the game. I get it, you like to feel OP when you have the best gear in the game, but there also have to be challenging content of the journey was pointless, i feel VERY OP in the LZ, but Heroic is still a challenge and dam near impossible with 1-2 players, i think they are doing a decent job.
It's kinda sad if players on reddit actually want a repeat of 1.8 classified as opposed to having a balance between High-end, Hexotic and Gear sets.
Metro Exodus, while slightly buggy has some of that Stalker feel. You can play it really cheap from the Microsoft store or the new xbox app for windows.
Same, which is why i just started playing it form the MS Store for like 3$
Sounds like a lot of other people, maybe you only played the start of the game? They were never good at their "tutorial" part of the Metro series, Exodus is no different, it's still very much a "Half-Life" experience, if you don't enjoy that, you won't like it. I think they really improved the game from the former versions with their open zones and choices with how you approach the different factions, i was also glad to see that my actions had some alterations to the story!
NO, the specifically said on SOTS that they wanted to make sure the right people were grouped for raid before they would allow it, otherwise it would not work. Also pretty sure they mentioned language.
I recently played both Redux back to back, it's pretty much exactly the same except Exodus has bigger open zones where most of the others were linear paths. You sure it's not a matter of rose-tinted googles of the past? Often what you remember is not really how it was. I have a hard time seeing what features in Exodus were missing that were present in the older games?
I like your two CANCER-TOWERS, what do you use them for!?
I think they had a nice amount of features, sure i would rather have a full open world in Chernobyl, but they create what they know, it's nice that they are at least trying to add to their concept for game to game. Some of the things i noticed: - Lengthy motion captured in-game cinematic conversations, stuff that is not really necessary for the game-story but it adds to the experience. - Bug open zones where you can take several paths to your targets and even explore for unmentioned locations. - Much better faction choices, so much that it felt annoying that i had to stealth past the entire mountain woods area because i choose not to kill anyone. I was kinda thinking that Stealth should be a individual gameplay choice, not a moral choice. - The additions to the backpack system and weapon mods were quite nice!
You get some vanity stuff with the Gunner Specialization class that dropped today. Also, if you have the season pas, you unlock the specialization immediately, you then unlock "quote; unique" vanity items by doing the tasks that non-season-pass owners complete to unlock the class. I am not sure if there is a way for non-season-pass owners to get these vanity items.
Season Pass owners still have to do the mission chain for vanity items!
Motivation to play has never changed because there is a lack of players, problem atm. it the lack of anything to farm and double loot rng with too little in ways to fix. I understand why they put important exotics behind fixed farmable content, but it was more fun to have them as rare. Maybe they should consider super rare "Max rolled" Exotics or maybe even just items, they are kinda fun in D3.
Merciless was never supposed to bypass armor, it was not a good weapon against heavies before they bugged it. Frankly it was super OP with this bug and i don't mind the nerf, it's still a viable build and crossbow is relevant again.
1. Slowes HDD in the world. 2. Some kind of lag where the game thinks you are elsewhere so it doesn't load high-def textures. What about right after you fast travel to White Horse or Safe houses, are they not high-def textures?
None of them are truly great for gaming though, if that is even a priority for you.
Do you know the details for these system components? - CPU - GPU - Memory amount - HDD type Also, how is your internet in general?
Overheating can cause major problems, but it would not just manifest itself as slow or never-loading textures. Bunch of things that you could check, some more complicated than others. - Defrag of HDD, back when i used a HDD i were using My Defrag, essentially a scriptable defragmenter that would allow me to specifically place a game/windows/program in the start of the disk so it would load the fastest. It's a bit complicated and i would recommend you buy a smaller SSD, even 250GB is enough for windows and a few games, and the performance difference is MASSIVE. - Repair the game "Uplay, TD2 properties, Verify files". - Check your settings, especially "Object detail" &amp; "Extra Streaming Distance" should not be too high, with your system i would aim for the lower range. - As always, make sure your nVidia drivers and [Intel chipset drivers](https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/support/detect.html) are up to date. - Monitor your CPU/GPU/FANS while playing, i enjoy using MSI Afterburner for this. If any clock rates are dropping when you start playing and a components gets too hot, you need to look into better cooling.
I already played the amount of WoW Classic i wanted, no amount of re-introduction of the genre will bring that experience back. That being said, i think you can run wow on that monitor just fine, i would get G/Free-Sync though, it's just so much nicer!
Ahh, my bad, that sound like a bug!
Could be your settings or Windows 1903 messing with colors. But i did notice a lot of color and sharpness changes in the game, almost like they removed or added a filter!
That's a dad-agent if i ever saw one...
Not it you need Optimal range or weapon handling!? But they are probably scaled a bit low with the new changes.
Same, latest nVidia drivers and Win10 1903.
For some reason the Chem Launcher foam doesn't work, at least in Shooting Range, the grenade works though.
Wouldn't it be NSFUWMR?
On mobs or Shooting range, because we tried a lot in shooting range and it only worked with grenades!
We did it already, used foam grenades on the left most part of the shooting range to complete it in no time.
People join bounty to kill hunters because they are missing masks in their game and they have no other way of doing it. This in turn could fuck over the session owner because he doesn't pickup the masks/keys and can't repeat the hunters in his own game anymore.
Have you tried moving it to and alt and see if you can buy the blueprint again?
Let's just quickly agree that Optimization station with double reroll is too little RNG, we would all have no reason to farm loot very quickly. - Kanai's Qube had the same result for D3, that's why you have Ancient items and Primal items. - We have some of the concepts of Kanai's in crafting, it's just that the crafted items are unnecessarily handicapped and useless except for project hand-in trash. Essentially we just need ONE small change to get rid of half of the RNG we face, we also need crafting to be a viable option. I know we have gear changes coming in "Patch 5" and they probably already solidified the changes for gearing. Personally i would hope for something like: - Change the RNG roll ranges into the Gear Score system, this would make it easy to see how good an item was based on the GS and make GS495-500 more exciting. - Crafted items has the same opportunities as looted items. - Recalibration is able to change Active&lt;-&gt;Passive Talents and Slot colors if the item layout allows it. - Gear-Sets items have Passive Talent slots. - Former Offensive Protocol gear mods stat ranges needs to be increased to be worth slotting.
Let's just agree that D3 Season loot progression needs the very accelerated path that comes from the system it has, that why they have Ancient and Primals to keep the loot exciting. TD2 thankfully doesn't have a Gear reset mechanic and requires less optimization of any given loot to stay relevant. Just not as massive RNG we have now.
Which is the point, what do you think would happen if we had 1.8 recal/optimize, people would stop playing after a few weeks because they have all builds with perfect rolls and there is no new/changed content. They just went TOO-RNG!
Really good idea! #If some Gear-Sets weren't gated behind 8-man content!
I always just "broke" his weak point with a Firefly and killed him with my LMG, always took about the same time as OP...
Any descent SSD should help a lot. Internet connection also matters, make sure your internet is stable and you aren't download while playing, obviously you should never use Wifi for gaming.
nVidia 20'series SUPER card coming out soon, should see drop in old card prices!
Remember when we thought 2000$ was a bit high for these monitors? :,(
Agree, scrolling and even mouse movement might feel laggy and slow.
Ok, it's just me then, i only needed a couple of each classified item to get a perfect one, when the first round of Global Events were over, i didn't look at the loot anymore, it was super boring, mostly did weekly Legendaries for Exotics.
They killed build diversity when they gave Classified items higher GS, essentially making HE/Hexotic builds outdated. Look, nobody said the current TD2 system is not overly RNG to the point where you have trouble even finding an un-optimal item for a build, but we don't have to go 1.8, double reroll AND optimize to make it better!
I don't think he sounds entitled at all, it's a valid question since OP is asking for others to help him, maybe there is a specific feature that makes it a better map, or maybe they can share resources. Also, division2map.com, website runs better and more fluid, especially when you zoom in.
**Matchmake Missions!?**
Sure, but PVP and Survival is a personal preference right, there are different PVP players who enjoy the PVP in TD2. But for me, no matter what "loot-progression" game i am playing, endgame is making builds and seeing how far i can push them. There will NEVER be enough content for me to no focus on theorycrafting, for me it's important that there is reason to keep playing for loot. While this is not perfect right now, i would rather take this over TD1.8 casual loot progression.
That's what most pistol build users are running.
He's just using the wrong pistol, well i guess it's down to personal preference but you might think about auto-fire macro if you go with that gun, and that's probably against the TOS.
No 20% Pistol Damage from Brand Set!?
Yeah it was great for OP group scaled healing in PVP so you were invincible and boring PVE content to death...
I don't fucking get it!?
Was obvious from day one, but people are not getting over the honeymoon period until now!? :D Reddit is just wonderful, first few months you can't ask for changes because its too negative, following months you cant praise good changes because that just a nerf or people are just flat out toxic. PS. My group of 4 mediocre friends did Falcon Lost on launch in PVE gear without cheesing the pit, it was hard but rewarding, it's just that most people were casuals that ended up exploiting because "too hard".
While i got Ultimate mostly because i wanted to support Massive, it's still REALLY disappointing that they bailed on the Stash space. - The classified missions have so far been LARGELY disappointing. Basically side missions with story content from random people before DC imploded. I don't know what i expected, actual story that matters would probably be too important to put in gated content. Also maybe i misheard, but i thought the missions would take place outside DC in new areas. - They bailed on the stash space, because apparently that's pay to win, not paying more for convenience. - Instant access to Specializations is nice, and it's nice that we still get to "experience" the unlock quests chain, but for vanity items instead. **I'd still rather have my advertised Stash space!**
Duh, because they decided everything in the season pass should be free, on top of that, just like in TD1, they bailed or half-assed some of the content promised.
Funny how you skipped the part where they bailed on the stash space because of community snow-flakes.
The fuck are you on about, all special edition content is account wide! The only outlier being the bug with Classified Missions not showing up on alts. PS. Technically i don't think the Ubisoft TOS allows you to share and account, but i am not sure!
There was, "20 extra stash space", people cried it was P2W and Massive made up this bullshit excuse about it only being early unlock of the perk that everyone get. **LIKE ANYONE NEED MORE FUCKING STASH SPACE DURING LEVELING, WORTHLESS!**
We knew exactly what was in the, problem being the specs changed because someone said "Pay2Win" and so far the actual content is not interesting.
Last "Season 1 Pass" content will come out in early 2020, after that they will probably have another paid 2nd season pass, i think it will contain either: - Entire new area somewhere else in the world. - Bunch of new missions and raids, maybe in the surrounding DC areas just like this years free content. While you will have to pay for that, patches and game balances will still be free and specializations will be free to unlock but season pass get's it instantly plus vanity gear.
Wait, what, are we talking about 1 ubisoft account with 1 TD2 game? And you and your brother are playing 1 character each? I have 4 chars, they all have access to the same extra content.
Shitty talents or shitty attributes, either will break an items values. Let's just hope "Patch 5" gear changes will help, i just think it's too long to wait for loot value.
1. I only play my 3 female chars because the males look stupid! 2. Why do ALL the masks fit like shit? 3. Because TD1 Survival was only fun a couple of times and maybe they don't know how to make a better version? My biggest grief other than the males being too buff and 95% of females a bit dull, is the hair and facial hair, it was MILES better in TD1 and they promised they would look at it.
&gt; **i think** it will contain either Yes....!?
My bad, i assumed PC. I think you should consider yourself lucky that you don't have to buy the game twice for 2 different PSN accounts! :D
I would always keep that piece, they might change the recal rules later!
No, i guess it's possible that Season 2 will be identical too Season 1, but i doubt it. Regardless, there will be some free content because they are super scared of P2W comments.
Sure, but we're talking about just a few levels to unlock the stash space from SHD if you wanted it that badly, it had ZERO value for most players!
Well it's the trend Sony started with the launch of PS4 and the whole "resale value" that XBox didn't support. So as long as you aren't playing the same game at the same time, it's very much allowed, digital sales are slowly killing this trend though.
Well, they specifically said the reason why they made TD2 instead of expanding on TD1 was the poor world building support amongst other things they wished to improve on for TD2. This means it would be faster for them to expand with new area in TD2, also, there is no reason why a season pass, dlc or expansion couldn't cost 60$ if it included a whole new city.
"long before", also, they made it sound like it had value, and it had ZERO value!
Well sounds more like a TD2 DZ problem, also for every player that wants OP group healing mechanics, there is one that doesn't, you can't win everyone over.
I valued it against the 30% discount i had gotten and figured the change might still be descent, but it wasn't.
Have used Unhinged since launch almost, i have a really awesome MK46. I also like the new Exotic holster or Sweet Dreams, makes reloading a null issue.
If it's ONLY those 2 items you looted from a player, it sounds like a rare bug, you should write a post on the Ubi forums.
Bit of a click-bait title. He goes on to explain that if Epic Store exclusives eventually affect Steams 30% revenue split, it would be better for gamers. But if that is true, surely games on Origin or Uplay would be 30% cheaper!? Also, do you fight fire with more aggressive fire...
Yeah, i thought 2000$ was high, but i would have gone for it, 3000$ Forget-About-It...
The Honeymoon periode ALWAYS fucking ends... Saying that you know about it as a developer is not the same as saying they they knew specifically what issues people would have. Also it LARGELY depends on who you ask, while some people enjoy OP healing squads in DZ, just as many hate it. Same with gearing/builds, some people want it simple and easy, others want it complicated and hard to master. This video is for people who already made up their minds that Massive is EVIL... Because " THEY KNEW"...
Well he DID mention Steam and Others, it wasn't just a jab at Steam. He says he is trying to force digital stores to stop being greedy by using exclusives, like Epic wouldn't do the same if they ended up with the most popular digital store!!!
The click-bait article tells me all i need to know...
I KNEW there would be that ONE GUY, that would explain how you fight fire with fire! :D
Sure, but those things are also on most other digital platforms in some shape, either from the platform or developer support, most of the valuable features does not cost Valve 15% of all game sales. While i dislike the approach Epic is taking, i won't defend Valve's 30% margin!
The dimming effect is MUCH worse than i had expected, combined with the completely insane prices, i am looking elsewhere to replace my Asus ROG Swift which seems to be dying slowly.
It was a perfectly fine example unless the angle adds an insane amount of bloom.
The size of the bloom is what really surprised me, not on the black background but over the water ingame, that was not expected, i don't think i would ever get used to it, this would be around all bright objects in dark games! :o
Just saw Paul's review, the input latency was great but the Halo test was about as useful as Linus's.
Bloom is just not there for most of the content, i want to see games where it would show up, the water was an unexpected result, regardless of the amount.
Ahh, that sounds exactly like mine, very disappointing to hear it's a general issue. BTW. None of the ideas from the nice comments helped, it's just slowly randomly dying.
Yeah seems like it, it's still hanging on though.
Agree, would much rather have 4 man mode so the remaining 95% players have a chance at the experience and loot.
Well a really good TN panel can be equal to a mediocre gaming IPS. What you will really notice on the TN panel is those dark/grey area don't look good AT ALL, also the horizontal viewing angels change the experience a lot on a TN panel.
The kind of non-native 8K consoles are going to be able to do will be completely pointless, unless you are watching 8K movies, and there won't be any content for 8K at that time. Also, you need one HUMONGOUS TV for 8K to be necessary over 4K, PC is adapting Ultrawide faster than 4K and most movies are shot in this format, Consoles manufacturers follow the mindless TV sales people who only care about buzzwords.
Well, fully expect them to make all gear-sets viable at some point.
Out of those two i would say: Valve Index.
Rift has better build quality than Vive and the tracking is almost the same. I use mostly Steam with my Rift, but i would say their shitty drivers and software makes we wish i had waited for Valve index, definitely don't get HTC Vive or Vive Pro!
I bought a Rift just after Xmas, i wish i would have waited for Valve index, but in the end, the reason why i'm not using it, is lack of good games. Beat Saber was AWESOME, and i am looking forward to Stormland and other future titles, it's just that almost everything else is Gimmick, Cash-grab or half-assed.
It's an odd but interesting move, i would just have added passive talents to them instead.
Ohh, right, but i wouldn't put Vive and Rift S up against each-other, they don't cover the same use scenario.
Same, but i don't want a Tutorial version of the Raid, i want a challenge like Incursions.
Asus PG35VQ is major disappointment both in features, performance and price. I mean it has A LOT of configurable options that will suit many different scenarios, but who wants to sit and change nVidia control panel settings all the time. I'm going to have to look at the 38" LG, well knowing that HDR is not going to be a thing with that monitor.
Looks like connection issue. Just to rule it out, try to reset to manufacturer settings?
Anyone have the source? Sounds like COOP-RPG, did they ACTUALLY use the word "MMORPG" or is that just clickbait?
Thought as much, thanks for the clarification Pantsy.
They can call it a "Raid" all they want, it's a longer Mission, if they made a 4 man version it would be fine.
Nothing to do with comfort, i have raid lead in several MMO's from 40-8 man, it's a lot of work and that's not why most people play this game.
Just play it?
That's what happens when you only know how to face-tank other players but have no idea how to handle some ai.
Well, my reply was as informative as your post...
They are working SLOWLY towards... SOMETHING! I keep getting spammed for backing their vacation, things are happening, just not very quickly. Also, this might not be fair for the current pre-alpha build, but i don't like what i'm seeing.
Armor Regen % only works if you have Armor/s from gear mods. Someone made a post about it, he gave up everything just to get descent armor regen in combat.
I don't want TD1 Survival, it was flawed in many ways, but would be very interested in an improved version of it in TD2.
Don't buy these shitty gaming chairs unless you think they look cool, because they are super bad for your back and posture!
This make me really happy i picked Kael, i also got Steelskull early, she's been really good for CB and Campaign progression. Did you book Ultimate Galek, i am using him unbooked and he is not doing that great.
They really did a shit job on the PC version of the game, you have to find one of the guides that explains which settings to lower to maintain some decent graphics while also taking care of the major FPS hogs, because it's not straightforward.
Dude, it's okay to enjoy the game and fanboi the developers AND accept that the game runs like shit compared to the polys, shaders and graphics effects in use. Actually don't understand how they failed so much when GTA5 was a much better launch with the same engine, it's like they just don't give a fuck about the PC version, have you been in Online lately, buggy as hell and you constantly loose connection to the servers.
Used a guide that gives mostly the same visuals while avoiding the FPS hogs, i saved about 20 fps average, well worth looking into, also this game could run A LOT better with the visual effect it uses, they just don't seem to care or don't have the resources to do better.
You must not get out much... RDR2 is not graphically advanced AT ALL! But it does have good attention to detail and great illusions, but it's mostly smoke and mirrors, as is with most console driven games, you have to be creative with the resources you have to make it look good. If you look at RDR2 and Death Stranding on PS4, they really did great work with the LOD on the scenery in DS where RDR2 looks SUPER crap both up close and in the distance. I think they didn't do as much work with the level of detail in RDR2 as they did in GTA5, it's the same engine, it can actually run well!
Tom Clancy Wildlands had beautiful visuals that were not just blurry distance but ACTUAL detailed world, not impressed by RDR2 at all. With the same visual settings in GTA5, it runs much better than RDR2!
I'm lucky if i get 7... :,(
Clearly you don't understand, it has nothing to do with Anti-aliasing or Sharpening.
It's okay if you don't understand it, also, trying to have a technical conversation with an ignorant fanboy is a waste of our time, let's just agree to disagree.
I had a colleague show me what to do and focus on, i think i saved a lot of grief by that, only thing i failed on was not doing Missions, Quests and Challenges early on. I had to go back and do Normal Campaign after reaching Brutal and i missed out of stuff like Rank 5+6 unlock.
I pulled two of those Epics in my first 20 days of playing, i started putting 1 of each rare in my vault because i don't want to suddenly lack any. So i would definitely wait with Ascending and fusing until you have the entire fuse chain and you are sure you want to do it.
How do you build Sinesha for this, she is not doing well for me, maybe i need her booked before she's usable?
I don't know, i only played a little over 20 days and only experience 1 timed.
You and me both buddy, what a waste of money, i hope i learn from it this time! PS. Actually got Whisper, but i will get it again in 3 days, sigh...
That looks like crap, look at the truck, what are your texture settings, or is this console? Edit: Ow, it's XOX, i guess it looks okay then...
Well double of nothing is still nothing, click the (!) in the summoning screen if you want to see how low they are.
Well if you wanted more of TD1 DZ in TD2, you did the right thing, if you want a much better game than TD1 and a vastly different DZ system built to prevent the group healing meta farming squads, you failed Massively!
All of these systems have 2 things in common: - Looks SUPER COOL! - Works like shit because of delay and/or software using too much CPU.
Makes sense, TD2 is a much better game, but when you have spent 2500h in what is essentially mostly the same thing, it's not going to be interesting.
If you limit how faster a player can turn while sprinting it will feel like shit, i'd rather have them remove sprint in combat or even dz.
1. Watch this short video. 2. Restart with Kael.
Monster Hunter is exactly what i don't like!
I know! :D
Bought and paid for most likely, also, RNG.
Yes, although there is a story with what you see here: https://www.pricerunner.dk/pl/25-5055179/Skaerme/LG-UltraGear-38GL950G-38-Sammenlign-Priser This listing of availability in Denmark has been through a rollercoaster of changes since it showed up before xmas. The expected price is 1899$ + 25% VAT = 15.000 DKK. This is what MOST online stores had in the beginning, but there were none on stock. Except for this one LARGE chain, "coincidentally" also the only store that is linked directly from LG's website. **But ITS FUCKING 20K!!!** Availability keeps changing, and even though there is none in stock, the prices keep going up and down, i think they figure they can sell them for more because of Elgiganten's 20k markup. I think LG is only shipping to Elgiganten and then selling it at a LARGE premium. Anyways, i can buy i though work and save a lot, the sad part is, it can't cost more than 15K lol, so it will be a while before i can get one.
Actually looks like many of them have some in stock now, but they have all added around 2k DKK to their price tag.
Sounds very much the same as here, have you tried checking LG website to see if they have any distributors in your country? Also that link, just so you know, the monitor will arrive with a unique feature: - Shape: **bent**, 2300R/​2.3m
As a new player it was nice to have an event that was doable.
I need a spreadsheet to tell me how to read this spreadsheet!
I too have never seen OP's mom's basement where he lives...
Pushing 40 days now in a semi F2P account, best i'v seen is 2 good Epics.
You know it's staged right, the "Lady" is an comedian who does this fangirl bit.
Seems like you changed, Anthem didn't change much. Unless you factor fun as the amount of loot you get or were talking about a console version.
Never thought i would say this about TD, but if they continue this 6 man content in year 2, i'm out. They alienated the PVP crowd, slowly alienating the non-clan players. It's going to be a great game for the small percentage of the playerbase that likes DZ and Raids.
He casually acclaimed as if people automatically know who Pokimane &amp; Carson is...
I think raid is awesome, but i think they should either let it scale like everything else in the game or build it for non-communicating matchmaking raids. There is this idea that the requirement to communicate is what makes a raid special, i don't get that, sure it's A way to make a raid, but you could also build it around roles, requiring each member to fulfill each their role to complete.
While this is good tips, when you get Kael to 6* and maybe Spirithost/Whisper to 5*, you should have better champs worth ranking!
Isn't Whisper doing much the same role and Elhain, but better and with Weaken.
I also choose LG 38GL950G, i don't like the price or negative aspects of the PG35VQ and HDR is not that important to me. The PG34VQ FALD bloom is a serious turn-off for me, i DON'T like it, also the fact that you have to pick and choose between Hz/HDR/Bit/Colors is really sad, i wish they would hurry the fuck up with DP 2.0. It's partly the same for the LG, but not as bad for the price, also the 38" with larger resolution is a SERIOUS turn-on for me, i am slipping off my chair here... OP: You asked about 4K monitors on the UltrawideMR reddit, SHAME ON YOU, we don't talk about the TV industry's stupid fads here, Ultrawide all the way!!! While i personally don't like them, Super ultrawides are also a good choice, the Samsung CRG9 is GREAT for the price, and there is an even better one coming soon.
Dude, Lego's are not everything, i am on day 50 and not a single sight of a Lego, even after having spent a good amount of money. Also, why do you only have 2 6* at this point!? Apothecary is usable for almost everything, gogo! And where is Kael!? :o
Do the login rewards stop after 90 days?
Exactly, even if that is full RGB, you're still paying an insane price for a bunch of optional drawbacks, no thank you!
It's a robot right? *Nuts*... Please do try to keep up! :D
According to Massive, this is the moment just before he gets a double tap at the back of his head!
How much compressed air and cue-tips in those drawers?
Will also need an upgrade from my good old 1080ti, but i will wait for the 3080 "ti" coming in a few months. I think the RTX feature will be MUCH more powerful! As is the nVidia way with new features...
As a new player with the last 100 ancient and 20 void pulls being COMPLETE trash, feel like it throwing time and money down a stupid hole...
No turn based games is hard when you have save &amp; load!
Never seen this, it was so sad and funny at the same time.
It's funny because people were talking about buying it only for the compensation, LOL!
Everything they do with this game is about making as much whale-income as they can, no matter what the long term impact is of their otherwise interesting game, so i can't say i'm surprised the least!
This game is about patience, you can't do anything in the game except collect resources until there is an event that you can use them all to get a legendary champion, or double summoning which theoretically should give you a better chance of something better, i have only experience worse though. In essence this is what this game boils down too, patience, if you don't have it, pay an redicilous amount of money to gamble. It's really sad for such a good game!
I have a semilar view but for a different reason. - When they announce gear wipe and then have new content befroe a wipe, they essentially make the content irrelevant because you will feel like any time spent is wasted. I think they should delay TU3 until Gear 2.0 is ready OR Just don't reset gear, but i know why they do this, a gear wipe is free "content" and gear 2.0 is a perfect time to do this.
When you increase the GS, it's a gear wipe, your old gear will be useless going forward, this is not difficult to understand, the sole reason for raising GS is so we have to start over! Also it's not needed unless they have problem with their Gear 2.0 conversions, which is fair, i can understand why they would run into problem that a gear "wipe" would fix. They certainly did have "veteran/legacy" item issues in the past, it's not really something you want. MY issue with this is that we know it's coming, how will you view loot in TU3 content when you know it will be trash after Gear 2.0? Don't know about you, but it certainly puts a damper on things, i wish they would delay TU3 until Gear 2.0 is ready or drop the increase GS.
I think 3000 series will be out by summer, possible only Founders Editions first and then full lineup before xmas.
Please read this: https://www.reddit.com/r/thedivision/comments/etpkfn/gear_20_being_held_back_for_new_content_is_a/ffj8xmu/
Dude, you can't Naruto-run on a bike!
Simulation doesn't take into affect how much money you have spent and how likely you are to spend more pending on the outcome of your "luck".
It really did mean a lot that when you jumped into your local CS/MoH/CoD servers, would would find mostly the same people that you would chat with and compete against. That sense of community is dead now.
I don't think that's entirely true... I played launch up and until the first raid, i then didn't touch the game until last season, and it was pretty cool. What made me stop playing was two things: - No matchmaking or proper player count scaling for endgame/progression content, i tried to solo most of it, but i was unable to because of lack of gear or specific weapons, mostly from pvp. - I don't want to play pvp in D2, the non-shooting elements ruins it for me. And unfortunately, some of the best weapons comes from pvp. My main workhorse since i came back turned out to be "Riskrunner", it wasn't always usable, but it helped me to get some rewarding weapon quests solo, like (Whisper of the Worm, Xenophage and Outbreak Perfected)
Just one thing i don't understand, why do you have 5* that are leveled to around 20-22?
If there ever was a stupid case i really wanted but couldn't have, it's that one! Ohh, also some of the nVidia demo model cases are cool!
But it's eventually wasted levels when you use them for ranking, right?
If you were in heaven, you PC would be on the floor, where it cool, not making any sounds! *HUSH AIRPORT, NOBODY LIKES YOU!*
I miss the time when i thought they would make new Javelins and other goodies. Not these repeated low effort resource collection "puzzles".
1. Cool Keyboard, i have the same and i can't find a suitable gaming replacement anymore, it's just, grown, on me. 2. Boy, treat yourself to a new mouse mat! :D
Sweet, comes with bonus CoronaVirus! :O
Yeah, i was just joking: - *"In general because of the poor survivability of these coronaviruses on surfaces ... there is likely a very, very, very low, if any, risk of spread from products or packaging that is shipped over a period of days or weeks in ambient temperatures," Messonnier said.* Although: - *In the lower temperatures, the virus could survive on a stainless steel surface from 5 to 28 days at all humidity levels. It took longer for inactivation to occur with a low relative humidity, or a drier environment. In short, the coronaviruses typically survive longer and stay active longer at lower temperatures in a dry environment.* Don't order freeze dried hardware bois!
Just in time for CoronoVirus epidemic!
Who cares about loot when we have Gear 2.0 gearscore increase just around the corner, pretty much a gear reset!
Dude, playing inventory can be really enjoyable sometimes, it helps if you know exactly what to look for and have room to save items. Also did you hear, they want less loot ing gear 2.0, but also less RNG, it sounds really exciting!
It also helps that the gameplay was good, but yes, OP liked the story so let's just focus on what he likes and call it a win!
1. Never use Wifi, it's shit! I possible, try and use an ethernet to your internet router and see if it fixes the problem? 2. Do "Ping -t &lt;ip&gt;" to your router while you play so you can check if it crashes when your internet goes down. To find your Router ip, do; "ipconfig /all" and look for "Gateway" IP address under your active Ethernet or Wifi device. 3. If not, call your ISP and ask them if they can help. PS. ROR2 is NOT crashing your internet!, but there could be an driver or router flaw that makes it crash because your are playing ROR2. The above is to help you find out where the issue is.
Somewhere in your menus "on PC you press Escape", there is an "Progression" button. This will give you and overview of what you have to do to progress in the overall story. Everything else in the world map zones that you pass through are either to unlock weapon attachments or SHD crates for ability unlocks. Side and SHD missions are static, it's something you can do solo or whenever you wants. Control points and dynamic events attached to them are repeatable content, on high difficulty they reward the best weapon attachments in the game.
- Combat wise i think BL1 was the best compared to other games at the times, i think they could have done much more by now. - I enjoyed the humor in BL1 the most even though the ending was stupid. - Story wise i enjoyed BL3 the most even though they could have done so much more. So pretty much the opposite of all the BL2 fanbois, but i honestly think most of them never played BL1 at launch.
Seem like these publishers are all just afraid that they will get caught in the cross-fire. But donating money to the the relatives of Floyd seem like and equally empty action!? This multifaceted issue is not something that can be solved by donating some money to a random group of people either, you never know what you end up funding...
"Endgame first" Ohh sorry, was it in-game quotes only? Actually in honestly it's obvious that they really did try to do this.
General "Overcharge" feedback: Overcharge is not a fun feature and unbalances the game, just like the long cooldown skills from TD1. I want to make a skills build i can rely on, if you want to make cool PVE skills, put them in PVE only skill mods that is not usable in PVP!
This, it was SO much fun in BL1!
There are some builds that require vastly different items than most other builds because the combination is not meta and only works with a specific weapon or gear set, it's just a mindset to remember when you are scanning for usabvle items in your junk pile. - WD/CHD&gt;HSD for Diamondback build. - WD/CHC/WH for Merciless "I think weapon handling will still be needed in the next patch". - Yellow cores with Skill-Dmg/CHC&gt;CHD. If you really don't care about shooting your weapon and just want your Turret/Drone or what not to do as much work for you as possible. Not sure how many skills can crit, it's just a concept idea.
Pretty sure CHC/CHD stats would be better than HSD for any sniper/headshot build, but i am unsure what stats are multiplied vs additive currently.
Why would she kick a dog that just wants love? :,(
*"Aya ja-falllla"*
She looks like a Croc, but she has horns, besides "*Adorable*", what is she supposed to be?
Yeah, wish they would allow the raid to scale with party size, it's kinda the DNA of The Division, you can play no matter the party size.
In a perfect world i would like a raid that scales from 1-8 players, with the same difficulty, just as any other content in the game. I don't want to do the raid EASY because i don't have 8 friends and don't want to maintain a raid group, i just want to partake in all the content the game has to offer.
I think the non-content changes are much more important than more content right now, but yeah, raid is the biggest content disappointment in TD2 for me.
If they have to "come back" they aren't the most dedicated players... :D
I want gear balancing/theorycrafting changes and new items/skills over content at any time. If i have to play the same boring builds it will get boring no matter what content they add. TD1 Survival is a good example for me, it's one of the most interesting game experiences i have had in the last 5 years, but i didn't play it that much because there was no point.
This is great new, my friends and I greatly enjoy this feature. I hope this also means the super high dmg bugs are also fixed.
Disregarding patches in the last months time, LZ events would be the fastest XP, some of them using world reset mechanics to repeat said event over and over. I think there was one such event mentioned in the PTS notes, it might still be active in the game.
Gear sets are an easy way to get a build without thinking too much about synergy, but you have to farm or buy the pieces first, targeted loot makes this relatively easy though!
&gt; One of the core objectives for the design team when working on Warlords of New York was to make the endgame challenging again and to put a greater emphasis on both personal and **group build synergy**. I don't think your community are interested in group synergies or working together in a raid, i think they want to make the best builds they can and play who is the best killer in coop or pvp!
Are we sure, i will remove the post just in case, no need to spread missinformation. Thanks.
I don't think so, but i do think there is a minority that likes relying on their team mates to compete. I just don't think the scaleable 1-4 player division gameplay promotes this, you have always been able to solo all content in the past, even Incursions.
I think most people would rather just control their own builds than make ones that synergize with a team. You can play in a group without having specific builds and teamplay coordination, there is a huge difference!
I don't want to be Mr. negative, but, unless they re-balance, change and add the itemization at least bi-monthly, having perfect gear will get boring really fast. Especially if there are only a couple of viable builds. A good example is Diablo 3, season were only interesting when they changed the meta and you could try something new. I know there are people who MASSIVELY hate having their one build "broken", but a stagnant game is not interesting!
Please let us know if a random person asks you why you have a donkey cartoon on your car!
I think the problem is that some weak points explode and damage other objects and enemies and the damage goes crazy!
First an easy question: - Is the location, builds and rooms mostly 1:1 to real world location?, especially the last room, is this the stock floor, it seems very small, i was totally expecting some grand room fight! Observations and Feedback: Interesting explanation, when we tried to use the mounted weapons either they had little effect on the bosses or they would stop working, our tactics were always just hunker down just inside the entrance and shoot them dead. I was also surprised at the crate room, i have never experienced a failure here even though our objective was always just to kill the enemies. I think a punishment style element here would have been awesome, so if they manage to get a crate open, said enemy would gain gear and become much more deadly "heavy", it would incentivise risk-for-speed gameplay, and feel like a cool reward when you know the infor and succeed in doing it the easy way. Not my favorite mission, but when the competition is the awesome museum missions of DC it's a tough comparison.
Surprising, maybe the movies have spoiled me, i remember movies like "Trading Places with Eddie Murphy", those trading floors looked HUGE. Aye, isn't it always like that, if we were allowed all the time in the world to perfect our craft, the cost-benefit would not be worth it. :D
Feels like Microsoft ALWAYS gives up when they try something new and it isn't instantly popular!
Peanuts compared to what the platform cost!
Annoying it's just to stop the AI from being boring in cover...
I always die at the end with my friends because i'm careless and aggressive, but the rest is very chill, it's a good mission and theme!
I agree, but they have Legendary now, i like the legendary experience from TD1 where you could "easily" kill an enemy, but if you were careless, you would get punished, TD2 Heroic kinda felt like that in Bank Headquarters. I don't think they need the super punishing checkpoint system, or just add more checkpoints.
I heard that Drone/Turret was super nice, is that JUST for In-Sync or are they truly good? I heard someone mention that they were only good at low tiers, not high tier, which is odd but plausible.
Also revive hive would not be almost mandatory for solo. If they just added ONE checkpoint between the current ones it would be alright and allow for more fun builds instead of mandatory skills and meta.
I'm not sure how TD2 lvl 30+ works now, but if you are lvl 30, the loot you get are lvl 30 and you can do whatever content you like, on the map: Well you have 2 paths: - Doing the Warlords of New York DLC content to level 40. - Getting better gear in DC and trying out all the missions/content that you haven't tried yet. If you do the WONY DLC, you will get locked to NY until you are done with that campaign and then after that you have access to DC and NY. If you don't want to pay or experience the very optional DLC, or if you just finished the WONY DLC, you have several goals: - Generally explore the map, try out anything you want on a difficulty that is easy to you, it's great for you to play each mission once before you try harder difficulties with matchmaking. - I would try and get a build together where you can do at least Challenge content solo or in matchmaking groups, make your own build or watch a video on a build you think you would like and use the target loot feature to farm for the pieces you need. - Pay attention to the daily/weekly projects, specifically the Exotic Cache Weekly is very worth grabbing for new players, Exotic weapons won't magically make you SUPER GOOD, but they can be fun/great. - There are super secret puzzles that will grant you vanity "Hunter" masks, you will need a guide to complete them unless you want to dedicate months of you life on figuring them out on you own, there are NO hand-holding in these puzzles. - Experience the DZ or other PVP content, this is entirely optional.
Yeah i saw that, used them with my Striker build and tried a In-Sync MPX i found, they seem to survive much more on Heroic than i remember, not sure about the damage, the scoreboard is broken.
Well i agree, but i would not say that the current Heroic difficulty is "Easy"! My striker pieces and weapons are mostly god rolls, items that i collected since launch of WONY before i stopped playing, i have several thousands of hours in TD1+2, i know what i am doing but i have not changed my build to any current meta. Generally i would put the current difficulty around TD1 Legendaries which i would say is pretty damn near perfect. How it was a month ago was NOT fun, this seems better, and i did get wiped in Heroic because i didn't respect the enemies/AI, but i also didn't feel like the enemies were bullet sponges, and i think that is very important. You also have to remember that Heroic is not the TOP difficulty in TD2?
Well, there are still silly AI "Dmg" things in the game where you just DIE no matter what you do, that leaves you with having survivability built into your build or using revive hive. I also have MANY different build, i like risky builds as well, i don't mind being punished from a death, but the lack of Heroic checkpoints means solo is just infinitely harder or more time consuming, i don't think this type of "difficulty" is fun, challenging or engaging. It just forces you to matchmake or play "tanky" builds and bore the content to death. TD1 made more sense, you had the ultimate, for solo players it meant an extra life, for groups you had a long CD ranged revive, it was a nice feature.
Optional "especially if you friends don't have WONY": Make a new character, start it directly in WONY, it unlocks everything in DC so when you finish WONY you won't have to unlock eveything there. So you might ask, why would i need 2 characters: - Several chance of daily/weekly rewards if you wish to play more for more reward. - Split up gear that makes sense, makes your inventory more manageable, like 1 character that focuses on weapon damage and another character that focuses on skill damage builds, these use VERY different talents and skill mods! - Different looks/themes. - Ability to play both lvl 30 and lvl 40 version of the game.
If you rush they will often run right past you because you are forcing them to flank you, it can be very annoying behaviour. It's only really with high armor enemies that will force you out of cover like heavies or dogs where you run into problems. But the same mission can litterally spawn 3 easy mobs or 3 heavies/dogs, not all runs are equal.
It's just that they require more skill.
The relative feedback from PTS was that there seemed to be some inconsistency between low and high tiers regarding the survivability of the drone and AT, there were discussions as to whether this was related to agro pulling from higher dps or not. I guess it's possible that the HP scales negatively with tiers because people complained that their non tiered skills were being killed instantly.
Can't believe you people just kill her over and over again like some dirty penguin rapper! I mostly used Hoshiguma in the front spot completely negating the lane and bombs.
I have tried many different ways of doing 15+, it always comes down to lack of one specific operator, Astesia, FEater M3, Eya-ja-falla. Friends usually have Eya/FEater, but always in the wrong skill. I could just get some more friends from Disord or such, it just feels like cheating, i like getting it to work using my own operators.
I ENJOYED IT A LOT THANK YOU VERY MUCH, THE DISCRETE LOCATION PUZZLES AND INTERESTING STORY COMMS WERE GOOD AT LEAST ONCE. BUT WHY THE HELL WAS IT TIME GATED!?
WHY THE HELL DOESN'T MATCHMAKING JUST TAKES DIRECTIVE CHOICES INTO ACCOUNT, I MEAN, YEAH, YOU WONT FIND PEOPLE FOR SOME SPECIFIC DIRECTIVE, BUT FRANKLY I DON'T CARE ABOUT THAT!
WHY CANT I FUCKING PLAY IT 1-8 MAN WITH EQUAL DIFFICULTY, WHY IS THE ONLY NEW CONTENT IN A LONG TIME GATED BEHIND MANAGING A RAID GROUP, THIS IS A 1-4 MAN GAME, WTF!?
While i think these movements are maybe more realistic than TD1 or other games, i do agree that it's not a fun enemy to play against. But i would suspect that it's an attempt to make the game harder without having bullet sponges.
HIGH END BEARD!
I think overall, most weapons and builds are in a much better place.
I got 4 Skyfire and a Silver Ash, it was surreal, 10 pulls was crap, then i did 8 single pulls and every second was Skyfire ending with Ash. When i tried to Get Eyjafjalla i also got a Silver Ash. I know i should be happy, but Silver Ash was my first 6* and i just want some fire girls... :D
