lol are you 12
The chainsaw with a melee build wrecks anything.
New pants and this would be great.
nah franks are pretty intolerable
RetcH is hard and all his projects are pretty good, PSG is probably his best but I'm a big fan of Finesse the World and Lean &amp; Neck. La Cienega is great too and with that being said if you haven't listened to Da$H before you should check out V.I.C.E.S
Not really in the scheme of things.
retrosuperfuture and they're a way superior shape to those.
vyvanse? works for me
and crippling dependency potential
it can't do nothing yet be addictive
lots of drugs like that if you dose correctly
sooooo a date rape drug
this is really great
San Fierro and Las Venturas would be wonderful but what I really want is a new Vice City game.
at first glance this is really sick but I wish the coat (arms especially werent so oversized) and the pants were just *slightly* longer, still really cool tho.
I pray none of my brothers is a Judas, thought that man was real but he was just another opportunist!
Polanski is Polish lmao
He started Monday lad
HTown legend RIP
Combining them would be OP.
is this ironic
you've mastered the special technique of shadow boxing it'd appear.
Aussie
I adored what.cd but in hindsight the only reason I succeeded on there was due to having a seedbox and snatching those freeleech picks when they came around. I uploaded enough to reach Elite or whatever but that didn't help with buffer a whole lot, and if I was on my home connection I for sure wouldn't have been able to use the site like I did. I don't pay for a seedbox anymore because all the trackers I use have great systems in place but I rarely use RED unless it's for something not on Spotify (never used to stream music until what was taken down). I've digressed but imo RED would do better if they adapted their economy system in my opinion.
Currently only on Season 2 of The Sopranos and it's already becoming one of my favourites. The writing and performances are amazing.
Twin Peaks
You probably feel smart commenting this but it makes you seem dumb as rocks.
Out of respect for himself more like it.
what is this comment lol
I have but OP specifically asked for no spoilers and your justification for spoiling it is "lol brother kills brother so maybe shouldn't watch with your brother xD"
Why do you think that is?
don't think that's how it works
Blow Out
&gt;Much of Aus is very much a nanny state Nah, just New South Wales.
Killable children mod, essential if you're playing on PC.
I'm about 15h into a vanilla playthrough on PC and having way more fun than Fallout 4 ever provided me. This is probably my 6th playthrough (excluding unfinished characters, I plan on completing this one however) but it's been years so it feels relatively fresh even though I know what I'm doing. Play it vanilla first for sure.
Do it right now and start playing. I couldn't help you with mods as I said I'm doing a completely vanilla playthrough I've only experienced a few crashes and no major bugs yet, it's been years since I've modded and when I tend to mod I go all out. It'll take you all of an hour to google the mods you're referring to and get into a new game. Trust me it's well worth it. Do it now. now!
ketamine to be specific
instagram explore tier styling
this doesn't look expensive bro lol
bros toes are hanging over
okay yes
He's asked for decade defining films not all the films you've seen from this decade.
fuck I used this too hahahaha.
Deserved to be honest, his movies suck.
I spoke to some dude who told me he saw him live and now fucks with him but he is literally deaf.
As much as I’m not a fan of Putin, I feel as if ‘loser’ isn’t the correct word to pick about one of the most powerful men in the world because he’s winning a hockey match.
The very same drive has been my main storage on my PC (not OS but everything else) since like 2013. I’ve got additional drives obviously but it’s still reads as “healthy”. Regardless I’m going to upgrade it soon, funny it hasn’t failed when I’ve had a HGST drive fail on me in less than a year in same conditions. Luck I suppose.
I don't think there is any reason to play casual when retakes/executes exists.
Yes it is a poor port but any average PC can run it easily nowadays. To call it the best GTA game isn't an unreasonable claim either.
I would but I'm white...
Definitely one of the best modern producers.
I played through it on a gtx770/i5 4670k before I upgraded and never really had any fps issues.
This isn't true, 5v5 is fine IW just couldn't figure out how to design spawns.
Rust and Dome hopefully :)
I agree with Haider SS15, and to be honest my winter pick might be haider aw15 too lol
Both those modes are shit.
On foot they actually look great with plain socks, but there is one problem; they fog up. Plus the plastic feels like it could be easy to destroy.
no one has said this but you
The jacket is levis and the bottoms are supreme.
Fakes they're trash anyway
jesus fuck this sub
I agree, it is literally never safe to spawn there. Idiotic design.
I think it'd look better with the cargos over the dunks, though I know they fit very skinny maybe another pair of trousers might be better. Love all the pieces you have here, good taste.
"I was taught wise, I'm known to extort guys, this ain't Cali, it's Harlem nigga, we do walk-by's" Big L got endless contenders for "hardest bar"
Agreed, it is annoying to play now because the visibility is shit too.
For hardcore, VLK 3x
I run the game around 80fps everything max 1440p on rtx 2070 super/i7 9700k
I think maybe it is to do with your PMCs stats? Not 100% sure I'm new too but my friend make it sound as if that is the case.
5 kills with marksman rifle w/ reflex sight in 25 matches
unroll your pants
hardcore shoothouse
They're both awful. Neither should be in the playlist.
Yes you are. MW devs can't design a good original map to save their lives. Bring back MW2/3 classics.
After golding this weapon, I'll never use it again.
It'll be back.
&gt;Ok hear me out.... Rocket Launchers = Primary and Secondary Sheilds = Primary and Secondary (God Like) Pistols = Primary and Secondary You see where im going with this? No idea what you mean by this.' I agree with your points though.
Was just thinking the same thing, the spawns are twice as bad as they were before.
Standard Infinity Ward. A "fix" really just makes things worse.
aaaaand they made it worse.
&gt;Shipment: Spawn tuning to reduce the frequency of instant deaths and spawn traps. Adjustments to spawn positions around the edge of the map for all modes. New spawn logic for Domination. IW are truly useless.
&gt;Shipment is an actual disgrace of a map and the fact that it’s stuck on hard-point in 24/7 every single game is beyond ridiculous. Funny you say this because I've yet to get hardpoint or headquarters, all I get is tdm/kc and sometimes dom. Quite infuriating considering tdm/kc shouldn't even be in the shipment playlist and the dom spawns are fucked.
Gas mask should be included in battle hardened.
There is also a good longshot sight line from C if you hop on top of the concrete and look through scrapyard.
Yep, modern warfare 2 xbox 360 leaderboards are something else.
The game as a whole has awful spawns, but shipment is next level bad.
hardcore shoothouse down the middle and scrapyard lanes, some people like smoke+thermal scopes but I usually just throw on the highest zoom.
You buying the computer new doesn't mean any of the software is up to date. Do you have a Radeon or Nvidia card?
Shit dude $3500 (assuming USD?) and only a 5700XT? Not to rain on your parade but that is terrible value for money. What're the full specs? For extra performance you could possibly overclock depending on the cooling setup.
Different positions there is only one site per team and the bomb is in the middle of the map.
I used to use Lightshot but ShareX is better.
There are loadouts you can use where hip fire is very accurate but it's not consistent like tarkov because it's exactly that, hip fire.
You need 4.
If only the Australian Government would invest in internet, 85 ping ain't it.
I think the barter trade for weapons case (mechanic level 2) should be lowered, right now it's 12 bitcoins which realistically no one will pay.
Lol he is clearly speedhacking.
If anything it is fake lag which is a software feature different to a lag switch.
You can inspect it and read the hydration and energy values for each consumable mid game.
No one is running level 6 armour at this point in the wipe, BS has more flesh damage therefore currently it is better.
There will always be at least 1 other player, but he's just counting the max players. If you play late at night you can get raids with only 1 other player.
It isn't restricted to Labs, I've done maybe 5 labs raids this wipe surprisingly only 1 sus death but I have been killed by extremely blatant cheaters on Reserve, Customs and especially Interchange, my last 4 Interchange raids have been all deaths to ragehackers. I just killed a guy on Factory, level 38, prefired me as soon as I came around the corner in the office hallway, instant headshot but I was saved by my Killa helmet, I looked at his name and recognised it as a guy that killed me and my friend on Reserve a few days ago. Level 38 is fucking insane considering he is probably doing 0 questing and just going and wiping servers. He has probably ruined about 1000 different players raids.
No but it is fairly obvious when you see the signs. I played like 10 factory games in a row with 1 other player, killed the same poor guy twice trying to kill scavs with a shotgun. I just did a night Factory raid and I'm almost 99% sure it was completely empty.
Lol call of duty pubs is void of strategy, it's all aim and connection. Many of this games features are designed specifically for bad players, take Dominations spawns for example, once you push into the enemies 3rd of the map, kill them once and the spawns will flip, it's completely erratic and makes spawn trapping impossible and instead the game becomes an annoying constant spawn flip trying to recap your base flag. This is why I only play Demolition because the spawns are designed so the better player will spawn trap, my KD has gone up considerably lol. That being said, I have never seen a Nuke in any of my lobbies outside of Ground War defcon, the SBMM is that high I have never seen one from either team. I ranted a bit here but my point is, the game is designed for noobs.
Why would a white man carry a weapon to a protest that is protesting violence towards black people? There seems to be a clear motive to me but I guess he's just a nice dude walking around with an Assault Rifle. America is a lovely country.
That's the whole point of cod lad
They spawn on raiders and boss guards very commonly.
Strength and Vitality skills are the only thing keeping me from building my bitcoin farm :&lt;
I think you're right, still I need Vitality level 5 and I'm only level 3 right now unfortunately.
China should have it's own version of the game, unable to play with others.
OCE servers are fucked right now, I would go as far as saying unplayable especially late at night. In my experience after midnight (AWST) there is a 50% chance you'll run into a cheater it feels like. I can attribute 1/3 of my deaths this wipe to blatant ragehackers and most times their names are Asian. Last night I got killed twice in a row on Woods and Interchange by cheaters (one of thems name began with YTS) and tonight I saw a speedhacker go right past me on Shoreline, and another speedhacker killed me on Reserve. I know Nikita said they're putting a lot of focus into combatting cheating but it can't happen sooner. I'm already quite wealthy but it hurts to lose expensive kits to cheaters, makes me not want to bring gear in lmao
Last wipe it was getting quite bad towards the end, of course Labs is infested but I began to see a lot on Customs and others too, now no map is safe.
Hahaha if you think this game is bad you should see Modern Warfare.
Lol they ban thousands of people daily and there is still a glaring issue, it depends on what server you play on to an extent but OCE servers are filled with cheaters.
I've opened it to literally find nothing, completely empty. Best thing I've found has been an ophthalmoscope, last wipe I found many Ledx and Defibs. Seems like it has been nerfed which is a shame. I paid 750k for it, thought it would have paid itself off by now. The craziest thing actually happened to me tonight though, across 3 raids I found the key twice, in jackets on Shoreline and Interchange, of course neither time I survived so I only got 500k from Therapist rather than the potential 2m. Anyways thought I'd share because the chances of that seem extremely slim, think my luck for this wipe might have ran it's course....
Interchange though Reserve has more hatchet runners.
Spend it with Peacekeeper. Level 3 and 4 he sells many good items.
Most likely just a scav with a silencer or server issue, hard to say when you don't have a video. I can upload a clip tomorrow of me dying in a similar way to a player, 100% silent death, it's server desync.
Yes matey, cheaters are especially bad right now. Reserve I have encountered many this wipe. Been killed by blatant cheaters 5 times last 2 days.
This is a first person shooter after all.
Lol scavs on Factory aren't exactly a formidable opponent.
Solely based off the bullet I would assume yes but it's impossible to know for sure. Regardless there's nothing you can do unfortunately, lots of cheaters running around right now.
I hope you kept some for Jaeger.
If you don't encounter cheaters, Labs is great. Unfortunately that is often not the case.
I don't rely on spawn trapping I rely on superior aim and game sense, which in turns means I will spawn trap, just like the classic call of duty games. Game modes like Domination you're constantly double backing because the game will just give the enemy your spawn flag for free. That being said Search and Destroy plays the best in this game of any mode because of the lack of respawns.
It's probably more like 40 boxes. BS too.
Running anything less than BT is stupid.
Only 100k on flea.
Smoke grenades 5k each...
It's part 1, I have everything collected for both quests except for 2 ripstop which I can not seem to find.
Scav runs...
You can run a scav on Reserve and come out with 240+ BT very easily. I don't care about the guy running class 2/3 I could kill him with a fork, but BP is shit against class 4 which I encounter quite regularly. This is a good tip but kind of pointless if you've played more than a few hours this wipe. Honestly as soon as I got access to SVD (loose Reserve spawns, scav boss and then flea) it was all I ran for many levels, 120 per bullet and 1 taps level 4 and below. I'm able to run meta M855A1 and M80 now but I don't see the point in any other weapon than SVD early wipe unless you're in CQB map or questing, even CQB it chops up if you're good at hipfire.
Erm level 5? Lmao
Dorms will stay that way imo
The subreddit is pretty helpful man, the game has an extremely steep learning curve so no one expects you to do well at first, some people might get frustrated that people ask questions that can be solved with a google search but that’s true with all communities. There’s a lot of good resources in YouTube for new players as well, I feel like you have the wrong impression because the game doesn’t hold your hand and requires the use of external resources, you should give it another shot especially because right now it’s just wiped so most players are running low level gear.
I would check out Pestily he’s the biggest streamer and an extremely knowledgeable player, he has heaps of resources in his YouTube for new players as well. LVNDMARK is an insanely good PVP player and he’s gonna be first to get Kappa which is an item unlocked for completing all quests (for context the game just wiped, resettings everyone’s progress). Worrun, robn_live, QuattroAce (Russian but has many English viewers) are all really excellent players too, these guys mostly focus on PVP. Also would check out WillerZ he’s probably first to hit 100m roubles this wipe. Most these guys have YouTube too but it’s mostly highlights and full raids, Pestily has the best content for learning the game.
I hated it with a passion to begin with but since I’ve learnt and gotten better at it, it’s easily the most addicting game I have played. I think the steep learning curve turns a lot of players off.
Bruh what kind of teammates are these that all run straight into a loot room, and how do you find it and not immediately grab it either hahahaha
I don’t get why these guys are running 700k thermal and still level 5 armour.
Honestly they are rarer than people make them out to be, they’re usually really bad too and can be killed pretty easily. Factory exit key is only 150k too and really useful.
You get diminishing returns after 7 nades, any more than that is a waste.
It’s so player scavs don’t go right up to them and get an easy kill. Would be laughably easy to farm.
The post should instead be titled “This is why you use good ammo”
Those areas didn’t need a nerf because they’re hotly contested with PVP. It requires a higher degree of skill to survive than running around the map hitting stashes and killing two scavs.
Customs and Woods had shit loot to begin with.
This statement is entirely wrong because PVP was completely nerfed this patch in terms of making money. Even players like LVNDMARK have said he’d never hit loot spots and just PVP but that isn’t the case now with found in raid changes. It’s actually better suited towards your play style.
Last scav run I did on reserve net me 500k+ without any extremely high value items. You could literally get a scav backpack and hit filing cabinets for shitty 8k slot items and make over 100k. Bolts and lightbulbs are worth over 30k per item right now, it’s very easy to make money.
Slicks are pretty cheap on flea right now and many people including myself have level 4 peacekeeper, this kit doesn’t indicate RMT at all I was running slick/exfil with jailbreak m4 on customs last night lol
I always read people say this but don’t think me or anyone I play with has been killed in this manner.
Even better once flea is unlocked the SVD is 60k, only needs 1 mod (PSO) and you can run Lps gzh. It’s a monster at this stage in the game.
I’m not sure what exactly you expected, if you have the free time you can easily power level. It’s not like the very best of players are going to be struggling to get scopes, silencers and level 4 armour weeks into the wipe. The state of the game is completely different right now, most players are running inexpensive kits, those that are able to run meta gear are the outlier.
At least a third of my deaths this wipe have been.outright blatant, of course there’s been fishy deaths but I won’t count those without some degree of proof. On the other hand AI scavs have been destroying me, I think I’ve died as many times to them as I have PMCs. The thorax, head shots and especially vogs are pretty deadly
Despite RNG gas analysers are a pretty common spawn, flash drives you do need to go out of your way to find however. I think it’s a stupid early game quest personally despite the fact I got both Skier and Jaegers done pretty quickly. In fact I completely lucked out and found two at one tent on Woods.
Dying is your own fault, not the games.
Damn you don't see passion like that often bruh. I can't wait for this album.
The barter trade with mechanic includes the choke, all you need to do is swap the stock to a pistol grip, you can remove the laser and sight that comes with the gun and put on a blue laser instead.
When does a raider ever spawn with both of those at once lol
Only really hideout upgrades. Scav on a timer makes perfect sense.
The only time I've been killed by a player scav and it was suspicious was on Interchange, headshot me and my friend from over 200m away while next to Emercom with M80 (which I assume means SA58 with iron sights because M700 spawns with M61). Of course, it seems like a waste of time to cheat with a scav so most wouldn't do it.
You realise the sweaty players will still run level 6 armour, and everyone else will never be able to obtain those items. Awful idea.
indeed
Quest specific items are always there, and they only spawn if you have the quest active.
I know, I found my two at the same tent. Then all of Jaegers plugged into various computers.
All good players would have hip fired once he ran around the rock, first engagement though not sure why he didn't ADS lol
He should have to begin with but after the first time he reloaded hip firing is superior at that distance.
And it's a 750k scope, slicks aren't that expensive there's no reason to not run it.
Just buy dollars off him. They are useful once you have him levelled he is one of the best vendors. Anytime I wanted to level up peacekeeper I'd just buy dollars now I'm able to buy EXFIL, M995, etc. off him.
Sweet I'm like 2 points away.
Sprinting at the enemy like that gets you killed in cod too
Slick is best armour in the game, class 6. It's not so much the gun that is ridiculous but rather than bullet, Lps gzh is dirt cheap and 1 taps thorax level 4 and below. Give the SVDS a go, shoots the same caliber but it's semi auto (:
Last wipe you needed 7 of each and I was stuck on Wilstons for like a month til I realised you could craft. Funnily enough I found them all this wipe but they're really rare compared to others.
Hey man are you still doing this?
Cool! I put up a trade for the green stim, my ign is 'GloryBoyz'. Cheers
Once you understand the layout Reserve is actually really simple, it's a giant rectangle and every building has a name. The extracts are the toughest bit. I would suggest learning it on your scav runs.
5.45 AK is great, superior recoil, fire rate and most importantly bullets. BS &amp; 7N39 are beast in the endgame.
He is mostly useless apart from the SICC and Red Rebel trades at level 3, as well as fuel. Level 4 he has thermal scopes and T-7.
What is it you expected?
No worries man. Always keep your ammo in mind and what kind of armour you'll be against, right now level 4 is most common but later in the wipe you'll see a lot of 5+ https://kokarn.github.io/tarkov-tools/ you might find this useful, generally the rule of thumb is higher pen = better, but damage should be considered too.
Depends on time of day and map but Labs you're likely to encounter one 50% of the time at least, lately I've been turned off of Reserve because I've encountered a lot on there too, usually I main that map. I've seen them on Interchange, Customs, Shoreline and even Woods already this wipe. I have a bunch of clips of blatant ragecheating.
Legend, thanks a lot.
Just buy it, hideout items don't need to be FIR. Keep the FIR batteries for Therapist quest.
I respect the grind but that seems excruciating.
Last week? OCE servers have been shithouse since Season One dropped.
Me too bro, it forces you to play in the worst way and usually you end up getting 1 shot after 2 kills anyway from a shotgun pellet that hits you in the toe.
Thermal + smoke is cheese and unnecessary if you don't have bot reaction times, sniper scope or variable zoom is superior.
Why even use sewer manhole, it's more profitable to do a scav run. Pull hermetic instead.
Why should something being easy to get mean it shouldn't have a crafting option? Should that not be more of a reason? lmao
It's disappointing but necessary for BTC farm so whatever
Just check every filing cabinet, they spawn in there very commonly. There's heaps on Reserve and Interchange, tech stores spawn them too but I assume you know that already. Most common spawn is behind the counter at Rasmussen.
For a new player that is really high, mine is only like 10. PMC kills is most important stat though heh
Scav boss guards on Customs will all have the last name Zavodskoy.
Yep. Wish I could play it but it's heinous, favourite map too.
Don't sprint either.
Player scav on the AGS.
If it makes you feel any better I sold a THICC weapons case for 600k last wipe.
You say this as if the guy with the M4 never had level 1 traders. Yes you are supposed to die to him, that's why you don't fight it.
Why? Can just buy the items off flea if you need them again.
Neither of those items are needed for a quest, and yes hideout items are expensive but they're going down. It's worth the price to progress the questline. I paid millions for Shoreline keys so I could progress early quests, now I'm much further ahead than most players.
Hahaha trust me bro I have tried, I will get it eventually I just need SBMM to bless me with the perfect bot lobby hahahaha.
I agree. I think looking back it is the best GTA game. Way more iconic in my eyes than V as well.
Single fire on Hardcore it's one of the best guns.
Consoles aren't powerful enough to have consistent frame rates with FOV turned up.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jTBDw51ZPj0
Lol you don't know if he is cheating? bruh
It's clearly an aimbot. Anyone with more than 10 hours in an FPS game can see this. He's blatant.
ESP + aimbot.
This game needs an anti-cheat. It's a joke that a triple-A game of this size is missing such a basic function. There's a guy in OCE servers that ragehacks in Search that I've encountered a few times lately, kid has damascus, he's probably ruined 100s of games for people. Sad people bro.
He's blatant.
I love Rust but no remastered map plays as well in this game as it did in the original.
I can't fathom someone using controller when there is the option for mouse and keyboard. It is infinitely superior. Don't you play other games?
Lol FOV isn't whats getting you destroyed by PC players.
Maybe instead of crossplay being removed, there should be a proper anticheat. hmm...
If it came back it would take a long time to reach the amount of content it had. One of the best trackers at the time.
Lol not every cheater is doing RMT. There are huge amounts that are there just to fuck the game up for other people. Losers.
Red Rebel doesn't mean anything. I have one, lots of players do. Jaeger level 3 has a barter trade, you can get it as early as Level 22. He probably got it from Shturman.
Anything less than BT is trash.
Check out this [ammo chart](https://kokarn.github.io/tarkov-tools/). Rule of thumb generally is higher pen is better, there are exceptions though for example 7N39 5.45 over-penetrates most armour right now, so BS is better because of higher damage. SNB has higher pen than 7N1 but you would use 7N1 in a Mosin because it can 1 tap Level 4 armour and below in the thorax. https://i.redd.it/gkgi1o9tym351.png This chart has exact stats but the other ones easy to read. good luck (:
You should try learn mouse and keyboard, it won't take very long before you surpass the level you're at on controller. M+KB has a much higher skill ceiling.
In my opinion he has average aim with a soft aimbot. I watched some of his Youtube videos. You made me reconsider I would have to watch more clips before I made a decision "beyond reasonable doubt", you are right the lowered FPS makes it difficult to tell. He's sus though imo. As they say, do it on LAN.
I managed to grab one during that time but by the time I had the armour to use it I already had access to jailbreak M4 lol
Lol sure if you're OCE region. 1v1 vs console player is free win
Read my next reply. I reconsidered, would have to watch more gameplay to make a decision.
The point of entry is the same, someone who has never used either will have a similar degree of difficulty learning each. There are total dogshit players on both platforms, but the average PC player is better because target acquisition is much faster. Not sure exactly what you define "skill floor" as.
Comfort? I would assume someone playing on PC is sitting at a desk with a monitor, the level of comfort isn't really any different. Mouse and keyboard is inherently better whether you have your personal preference or not.
Traders set the floor price for a lot of items, anything beneath that will usually only be a 1-2 items and it'll only be a few thousand roubles absolute max. Not really a consistent way to make money.
Serious question? https://i.imgur.com/bIDaS8Z.png
There is no evidence behind this statistic.
Maybe it's a console thing but recoil builds feel so unnecessary, you can laser someone across the map with no stock and ironsights...
Funny because I prefer Airframe aesthetically, definitely my favourite helmet. Only ran EXFILs this wipe though :'(
How you spawn with a pilgrim and meds and assume you're gonna die. Run around Reserve pickup 750k easy.
When searching scavs pockets always should be checked first.
I got slick in my first scav hahaha
I've seen Intelligence loose around King last wipe.
Yes they are pretty common especially in stashes. I personally sold like 10 of them already. You should keep 1 for use and 3 for Textile, pt. 1.
It is as bad as they say. Just encountered one on Interchange, Doyou name. Reserve PMC is unplayable, encountered a cheater 80% of the time I've played it this wipe. I could post like 10 clips right now of blatant cheating from past few days.
Wow who knew?! More frames is always better, it makes aiming smoother.
I can't argue with comfort it's personal preference, I used to play on Xbox 360 but after switching to m+kb there's no difference in comfort. WASD is superior for movement there isn't really an argument, you can't strafe or change direction nearly as quickly on analog stick, needing more than 8 directions of movement isn't really necessary in FPS, different story if you're playing FIFA or a racing game.
&gt; the "on/off" nature of pressing a key really sucks sometimes. That is anecdotal, you already said you can strafe faster and easier. Movement in general is much quicker, meaning it's superior.
Lol aim assist isn't enough to make controller better than mouse, maybe if you've got garbage aim.
I agree, but that can be said of all the maps in this game. The spawns are awful. Rust especially is quite bad in regards to how it flips, even 1v1 the flow of it is awful.
Controller is not better for movement, you can not strafe nearly as quickly or make quick readjustments, jump, slide and crouching is much slower as well. Movement skill ceiling much higher on PC look at CoD4 Promod. CoD pros now are irrelevant, of course they play with controller, it isn't because it's better.
Lol M855 shouldn't be used outside of scav.
60 fps is still obsolete by todays standards.
Most stupid comment I have read.
You know max FOV on a TV, the enemy will be the size of an ant? Then you truly won't be able to see shit.
Lol you don't sprint.
You don't sprint when doing this jump.
You should never use anything less than BT.
There's no point using .308 if you're not going to use at least M80. The power of that bullet is that it can 1 tap level 4, and then M61/M62 can two-tap endgame armour. TPZ is garbage.
It's a trash round, less than 40 pen...
I said all that in my own comment hahaha. My point was I wouldn't exactly call TPZ "viable" in that anybody should use it in on their PMC.
There's a lot of misinformation in this chart in my opinion. Firstly 5.45 BT and 5.56 M855A1 should not be in overall best, they're okay bullets against level 4 but once level 5 becomes more commonplace they become obsolete, M855A1 shouldn't be underlined it only has 40 pen, not good versus level 6 armour. ~~Same deal with AP SX, versus level 6 it is not very good, to use MP7 effectively against high tier armour you need to headshot.~~ FMJ SX is garbage as well. SB193 definitely should not be underlined, it has less pen than SS190 (which is &lt;40 itself), useless against class 6. .308 TPZ in irrelevant when M80 exists with higher pen and damage, shouldn't even be listed. 7N1 is over 1000 roubles per round, and trader only sells 50 per restock, not sure how that can be put into "best value" when LPS Gzh can 1 tap level 4 armour too for 1/10 of the price. 7N37 isn't really necessary to list because it overpenetrates, SNB has slightly less pen (still &gt;60) with more damage, not to mention it's cheaper. 7.62x39 PS has less than 35 pen, listed as green can't be correct because it is bad against level 5. Not trying to bash your work here you did a nice job, but when there are clear statistics for each bullet, it's obvious which bullets are good and bad and to say BT performs well against Level 5 armour, or SB193 is efficient against level 6 are just straight incorrect. Subjective experience ("I kill guys with slicks using BT all the time!") doesn't mean anything when you are comparing raw performance. Hoping maybe you consider some of this when updating it next. Sidenote: When you only have access to level 1 traders, I only recommend LPS Gzh, 7.62x39 PS (SKS is good, never really used it this wipe though) and then farming 5.45 BT on Reserve. For reference I'm level 37 now and primarily used LPS Gzh in SVDS until I was able to purchase better ammo in other calibers from traders.
Questing to level traders will grant access to the best ammo for cheap, otherwise you can farm 5.45 BT on Reserve, boxes of 120 spawn in most buildings you can easily walk away with 400+ rounds if you look specifically for it.
It isn't.
Or even better, use SVD.
No it's garbage. 30 pen. If you want to make your own decision on what round is viable, read a chart with actual stats and decide based on who you think you're going to be fighting. https://i.redd.it/gkgi1o9tym351.png example: Right now class 4 is mostly commonplace so M80 is a great round because it will 1 tap through it, lategame M61/M62 are better because most players will run level 5/6 armour...
Linked search the weapon you want to use and select ammo on flea. If you under level 10 inspect everything til you remember.
https://i.redd.it/gkgi1o9tym351.png
Wear better armour instead of complaining.
Lol so use a better caliber until you can afford BT.
I'm not specifically referring to you. Wasting money on ammo that can reliably pen level 4 doesn't help anyone either. Hence my suggestion of using a better caliber. You can buy SVD from flea for 65k, put 15k sight on and run 120 rouble bullet that 1 shots level 4 thorax. Otherwise BT can be farmed on Reserve, can easily pull hundreds of bullets in a single run, they spawn literally everywhere in boxes of 120.
Indeed. Can't even play Reserve on OCE lately so Labs is a no go.
Nice job but I don't think killing 8 scavs warrants a post.
He's easy to fight once you know how, bait him into pushing you and depending on your ammo mag dump either his legs or head, he won't even shoot back most times.
I agree, that is really stupid.
AK has almost no recoil even completely kitted for ADS speed, same as just about every other gun in this game. I don't think being "super good" is required to control it.
Lol shoothouse is the best map for aggressive play. Meaning players with good aim and not good claymore skills such as yourself.
First two games today on Shoreline and Reserve, both blatant insta HS. Radar cheaters are only one area of the issue. Losing motivation to play more and more after every raid, can't escape these guys on OCE servers.
Not really, short barrel there is some recoil but regardless it's easy to compensate for, I'm not comparing it to other games because they have different goals. Recoil management attachments aren't necessary for PC player with average or above aim. Tarkov has a recoil control skill which removes the amount horizontal recoil with each level. It only affects horizontal and vertical is determined by your weapon and it's attachments. Not really comparable though.
10 days played, got Damascus last night finally after golding the shield and JOKR, had all other weapons done since Season 2. Have M4 and RAM7 Obsidian too, probably won't go for it on anything else other than AX50.
The spawn rate for them in PC's has always been extremely low. You are much better off looking for loose spawns. I found many quite quickly playing Interchange start of wipe, now I'm regretting not buying more now they're at almost 400k.
In the 3 raids today I have played, I've suffered a similar fate. I'm getting fed up with this game unfortunately, because I love it but these cheaters ruin the whole experience.
Definitely a cheater of some sort, yesterday I got killed by a cheater on Reserve and he seemed to either desync, get kicked or banned before he could kill my friend. Backpack was full of similar high tier items, graphics cards, intel, COFDM, VPX, etc.
What is the point of your comment?
Wear level 5 armour.
Cordura used for slick trade
It is for [this quest](https://escapefromtarkov.gamepedia.com/Database_-_Part_2), pretty early Ragman quest I would say it's worth keeping.
I'm inclined to agree considering Labs is a no go on OCE servers currently, chance of dying to a speedcheater is like 9/10. I'm saving that quest for last it seems.
Sitting around 2m currently after maxing my hideout (BTC farm level 2), had 10m liquid but spent a lot on hideout + quests. Level 38 my stash worth is at around 25m. Once I hit level 40 I will play for PVP and increasing my liquid cash.
It would make sense that a Western private military contractor (USEC) would have access to such a weapon.
Yes, haven't done a PMC on Reserve since start of the wipe, last one I did with a squad one of us got killed by speedcheater so I booked it to cliff extract. It's my favourite map too but every time it ends the same way; "head, eyes". Scav depends on what time you join, after 10-15 minutes they've usually wiped the server and extracted. Last two times I have done a scav I've joined with 40 minutes left. One time beamed by random letters and numbers (can't confirm he was cheating but seemed that way) and the time before prefired on very hard, my friend managed to kill him because he disconnected and his backpack was full of high tier loot. Got a clip if you like to see lol Anyways in short, Reserve is unplayable right now. I mean yesterday I encountered cheaters two raids in a row on Shoreline ffs.
You can use any 34mm rings I believe.
Intelligence centre can craft Virtex, VPX module and COFDM for peacekeeper and mechanic quests, it's only the RFID which needs to be found.
I have level 3 intelligence centre, you can't craft RFID like you can Virtex, COFDM, VPX...
The worst challenge in previous seasons was get 50 kills with IAV. All other challenges can be accomplished in 6v6 apart from that.
Indeed, it's sad man. Many people not wanting to play their favourite game.
I swear I used to find Labs cards in filing cabinets on Shoreline all the time. It's been a while...
Reserve is the best map to scav on by far. Every building has loot plus you can fight raiders/scav boss, or clean up from what remains. For woods scav kills just wait until later on in the raid. They don't spawn til around 10 minutes has gone by. Use a silencer and check all the spawns, I think I got this quest done in one raid. The route I would be old train station, to spine, then down to goose, check the road near the crashed van, go along the sawmill road then to checkpoint and finally scav house (or the other way depending on your spawn). To be honest any one of these areas you should find all 4 scavs. Woods is one of the easiest maps to farm scavs.
Search filing cabinets, there's loads on Shoreline, Reserve, Interchange, most maps. I think if I didn't find them passively I could honestly go find all the ones needed in one raid, they're very common.
Colloquially it is.
The gun is shouldered so it is very accurate, it's generally a much better idea to point fire than ADS in close quarters.
I have 9/10 ripstop currently and died with the last one like 3 times. Hope I find that shit asap because I'll be able to complete both textiles once I hit 40.
Check the market for M1A's, I found one with the part for 150k.
The M4 you get as reward has a REAP-IR on it, which you can sell on the market because it's FIR. There are barter trades you can do to get a REAP-IR cheaper than market too.
Nope this is for a stash in a shipping container near the front of OLI. The burger key is 11SR. Probably the best Interchange key apart from ULTRA.
They're interchangeable for me but I usually carry a green stim anyways plus you don't get the tunnel vision from morphine. That being said I do use propital for the most part.
Check tech stores and filing cabinets.
Unless you're good at PVP you should be staying away from Dorms in most cases.
Dominos sells it in Australia.
Me too, it is the worst setting.
Someone watching body. Reserve is cheater infested map on some servers but the reason you died doesn't mean anything.
I have ran into a cheater on every map this wipe, multiple times on many. Labs is the worst followed by Reserve. It is a shame because Reserve is my favourite map but I've stayed away from it this wipe.
Good solo player can wipe squad/duo if he picks his battles, benefit of playing solo is you can be very mobile so it's easy to escape gunfights, most squads have bad comms too.
Easiest way is get Jaeger level 3 and do barter trade.
Hatching running quests is lame lol if you play carefully you can easily do quests and completely avoid PVP. I don't think many players camping low level quest spots is really that common. It is good to increase your survival rate when working on quests.
Lmao desync scav killed you, not sus at all just unlucky. Didn't you notice you were desynced beforehand though?
Exactly what you should do but better to bait him out with a nade and hip fire as he runs out, if you don't have a nade prefire him heavily.
Honestly I would say overall it is the best Interchange key, not for pure money making but because it makes surviving a lot easier, the extraction is very close to PVP hot spots/loot spawn (ULTRA/KIBA), many raids it saved me last wipe because I was either extremely heavy or had a lot of good items on me. The switch is not very far from extract, you can drop your backpack in a shop while you run up and hit it and you only have to run about 50m while heavy. The loot spawns are pretty good too in my experience, plus you can pull the switch for another stash, if you have an SJ6 on you it has nice attachment spawns worth checking (including thermals). The only downside is that it's limited use, right now it's pretty expensive as well but I'll certainly be purchasing it soon to finish my Interchange keys. I wish it was unlimited use but even if they increased it to 25 it would be a lot better.
I was struggling too but found my very last two teapots, last lion and last ripstop (for textile, pt.1) today. I always checked Safe spawns on maps I played, I found most success rushing Dorms on Customs and looting all safe rooms there.
Keep it for THICC trade.
Do quest with gear, it increases your chance of getting out with it.
Fair but I don't see any reason NOT to bring gear, okay you can play the raid strictly for the quests but should you encounter another player you will have the capability to kill them, same deal if you find a nice loot spawn. If you really need to get somewhere quick pop an SJ6. You don't have to spend 40 minutes in raid just because you brought gear. Of course people play the game differently, personally I don't see any reason to hatchet run ever, but whatever works for you.
Real chads don't lose their glasses, might swap ballys though.
Flashlight is a good idea to have on Interchange.
I'm on OCE too and truly some maps are unplayable. That being said a lot of players don't know what a cheater actually looks like.
Lmao why is this a thread
Why aren't you able to kill scav bosses?
I only need a few items too, including coffee beans. I actually unknowingly killed a player on Woods, extracted and my friend found them on his body lol. I assume he got it from a scav or marked. Make sure you're always doing scav cases, you might get lucky.
Well.... fried chicken.
Damn I thought my 19 win streak was high! Nice job mate.
I don't think it is fair to call OP sketchy purely based off his stats without seeing gameplay. Check out Ghostfreak66's stats they are insane. I have similar stats to OP (15kd, 19 win streak, 63% survival rate), if you run only run top end gear and don't make huge misplays it is possible without cheating, of course luck is a factor and sometimes you will encounter cheaters, desync but OP says he doesn't play Labs in a previous post. If you play strictly a few maps you know very well I don't think these stats are the sign of a cheater.
SBMM OP
🤣🤣🤣🤣
This happened to me on I think 3rd day of wipe, running Killa helmet &amp; fort armour, peeked office hallway and instantly ate like 6 faceshots, sprayed the guy down, check his dogtag and he was level 37 and recognised his name from blatantly killing me and my friend on Reserve on the first day. Lol. nicely done man
Wear slick.
He just hit him in the legs and stomach a lot.
Lmao hes hitting legs with and stomach with shit bullets.
Wait until you see a speedcheater.
It is a shame they are really good keys particularly 11SR. But 4 million for 15 uses is not really worth it.
Definitely not, 11SR and 21WS keycard spawnrate should be increased but he shouldn't drop KIBA keys. Apparently Killa doesn't always spawn with his armour now which I think is a dumb change, level 5 armour is already quite available so it's not like farming Killa is an efficient way of obtaining it. Defender is much better anyway and Raiders spawn with that.
I think they will specifically target accounts that are associated with cheating.
Reserve is unplayable on OCE.
Slick protects thorax.
I was wondering the same thing. I bought my 2nd case off flea, you would probably make more money if you sold the Ledx and bought one off flea or bought items for moonshine trade.
I found many Ledx last wipe but this none this wipe, Interchange is one of my most played maps and I hit the room everytime.
OCE hahahaha
Agreed. Not having access to 50 or even 30 rounders is part of the reason M1A and SA58 are far superior to other .308 weapons.
When I was buying them for my level 1 they were 100k, feel stupid not stocking up on them when it's quite obvious they'd go up. Upgrading to level 3 now and the next 24 cards are gonna be expensive as hell.
Just dump armour or run AACPC.
They sell for 200k on flea.
You should definitely not go to Labs in that case.
It's average at best. PS12B hits hard but the recoil is really bad. It's range isn't amazing plus you can only run 20 round mags, and can't bring a lot of bullets because it's heavy. It can be fun to use but not much point using it over an SA58.
Right click and filter by item, list for same price or as cheap as cheapest listing. Estimated price is worthless. You can filter by item condition (so for a full bottle of Ibuprofen set minimum condition to 100%) so you can get a better idea for what your item is worth. Make sure you hit F5 to see updated prices. When selling to traders, sell to Therapist, Skier and Mechanic in that order. They give you the most money. Therapist only takes meds and barter items, and the price she pays is floor price for many items so it's better to sell to her than on flea, unless you're wanting to increase your market rep. Items I'd always sell to her would be bitcoins, used meds, books, thermometer, cyclon battery, fuel conditioner, to name a few. Skier will buy specific attachments and gear, mechanic will buy attachments, mags, ammo and built guns. Many attachments are worth considerably more on flea than from traders, I have maxed traders and often times if I pickup an FIR attachment that I would use, I'd be able to sell it for double the price I could buy it back for, so always check attachment prices because there is good money in them. Shitty guns like Saiga I would sell to mechanic but nicer guns (e.g. SVD, RSASS) sell for more on the market. Also once you hit 10 reputation you unlock an extra slot, and then another at 30 rep. That is all market rep is really used for.
If you're after GPU you need to rush the spawn, they're highly contested.
Lmao if anyone would trade a ledx for it they are making massive loss. The armour is worth like 300k max.
900k for holodilnick doesn't seem worth it to me. Why do you store that much food?
Practising with gear in offline mode, because killing AI will make you comfortable with PVP. You have to lose gear before you are comfortable with it. &gt;Eventually you'll go into every game with high tier loot and also realize slick armor is a scam for the rich Slick is the best armour in the game, not sure what part of that makes it a 'scam'. Zhuk-6a I would maybe call a scam because of repeatability, though I use it a lot regardless. The extra 100k to upgrade from level 5 to 6 is a no brainer however.
11SR is the best but it's 4m.
Lol gun is too heavy no point taking them anyway. Attachments are better cost per slot.
I thought this last wipe but since there are a lot of good attachment spawns you can make a lot of money selling them on flea, I'd say it's well worth it. You can disable alarm as well.
If survival is your main priority then you would run at least level 5. Troopers are overpriced because they're used for slick barter.
Slick being best armour in the game isn't really up for debate. But to say the AACPC is the best is one of the dumbest statements I have read on this sub, considering it isn't even the best level 5 armour (FORT defender). Slick is level 6, so it's better by default, it has more hit points (80), is lightweight (8.1kg) and has excellent repair-ability. I ran the same slick 15 raids in a row and it was still at 68 hit points by the time I died with it, it costs &lt;10k to repair when it's badly damaged. Statistically it beats AACPC in every single way. It also doesn't cover "way more body space", they both protect the thorax, how the armour looks visually has nothing to do with hitbox. &gt;I pop their heads with 7BT1 or M62 and it never mattered they wore armor in the first place. Glad to know you're a real badass.
Right, I don't use level 4 so didn't know.
You need both keys, and power on. Weapon spawns aren't that common but weapons are heavy anyway, you make more money stripping attachments.
Use five-seven.
Graphics cards are 500k at the moment...
I would say it is significantly better than last wipe because of FIR only flea. Many attachments in there are worth good money.
You can literally get 1 tapped in the thorax by a 120 rouble bullet. If you have the means you should never run beneath class 5.
SJ6 (blue) for stamina.
It will unlock once you reach rank 40.
Lps gzh
https://escapefromtarkov.gamepedia.com/Characters#Bosses
Lol I take it you avoid Dorms.
No idea why he has a chance to spawn without golden TT, I killed him 3 times before one dropped for the Jaeger quest.
Ah yes. Make Altyn and Slick even more powerful items. I'm not complaining because I have easy access to them but for many players it will mean they literally don't have the means to kill a player running that kit, unless they make a huge misplay.
So use the best ammo? It's not hard.
It is a hotspot for high end PVP because of marked room, especially into the endgame. I'm not sure the point of your comment.
His armour had 2 hit points left.
Buy THICC case.
It's quicker to craft it than it will be to find it unless you run a lot of Labs.
BT has less than 40 pen while BS has over 50. They're not comparable.
Veritas is a good player but he isn't on the level of LVNDMARK, Quattro, etc.
I've found a few Defibs this wipe but no Ledx. I play a lot of Interchange and always hit ULTRA medical. Last wipe I found maybe 2-3 Ledx on shoreline and another 4 from that room, heaps of defibs too. It's more efficient to just purchase Ledx for hideout upgrade/private clinic than farm them.
No he's referring to the quest Private Clinic, the barter is still 10 Ledx.
Ledx is way rarer than Defib. You are just lucky.
Gen4 is class 5 so it's quite strong but the amount of hit points is equally important. For example the specific armour you're wearing has 75 max durability, 5.45 BT would have a 1.2% chance of penetrating. If it was at it's full repaired durability (63.3) it would have a 3.9% chance of penetrating, while at 2 hit points it has 98.5% penetration chance. You should never wear armour that's less than &lt;50% of its max durability, if you can help it.
Why would you take car and not clear Dorms?
Dogtag case, money case, Slick, FLIR, 3x BTC, Shturman keys.
And you can only buy 60 at a time from Peacekeeper. What a joke.
He's using the FAST visor which can be mounted on numerous helmets, the one has has on is the TC800 but it can also be put on LZSH (lvl 3), FAST MT and Airframes. If you can afford it the Airframes are the best helmet.
Wow thanks for this. Seen fuel spawn behind there before and never thought to jump over.
LVNDMARK
Lmao the flex is killing you.
Lmao go kitted so you can fight them.
No shit. I almost have Shooter Born in Heaven done just passively. Setup is truly the worst.
&gt;Kill 15 PMC's at Customs. You must be wearing spec. gear The spec gear is Ushanka, scav vest, MP shotgun.
Absolution was a fun game but it was a serious step down from Blood Money in terms of freedom. Absolution is more linear it it's design.
What did I say that is incorrect?
Yes it is. I remember that level being quite difficult too. Great game.
The only way to increase rep is through questing.
I'm at around 210. Ran into at least 20. Reserve and Labs are unplayable. OCE servers.
What ammo were you using?
Woods is not a good map for a new player, you should try Shoreline instead.
Lmao if someone loots me it's easy 1m.
BT sucks, has less than 40 pen.
So learn the game?
Honestly Reshala is so easy to fight, if you were to die to him while geared I would assume you're either really bad or got extremely unlucky with a nade. With that being said this situation is even more common with Glukhar and they leave a lot better gear behind too, always a great find on scav runs.
I did that trade last night and my stash was near full despite already having two THICC cases + a junkbox. EOD.
I've already got my THICC items and weapons as quest rewards but this change is so stupid. Seems like a completely unnecessary and pointless change, helps no one punishes everyone. Some of these changes lately have been questionable at best.
Literally scav run Reserve check every filing cabinet you'll find two or three.
It's nothing more than a joke.
EOD? You're better off RMT'ing for THICC cases! Ha!
Both completely dogshit ammo, if he's wearing level 5 armour you're fucked, you whiffed your second spray anyways.
What the fuck is going on with your hotkeys.
I was joking. RMT is real money trading, a lot of the cheating issue is due to this.
Because the spawn there will rush Dorms most times.
Lmao you will make more money playing the game than farming that.
You should have to earn a certain amount of XP before dying to prevent hatchet running.
Tell him he sucks lol
Lol I think I will be unkillable with slick.
SVD is a very good gun, 100 roubles per bullet 1 taps level 4 and below in thorax. All I used early wipe.
You're using SVD you shouldn't be nearby someone using a VAL. Factory isn't always the best way.
Woods, Customs and Shoreline mostly, I used it a lot early wipe so a variety of maps, the best way to get it done is just hunt spawns. 7.62x54R while semi auto is nasty, plus all you need is a PSO scope. I still use it sometimes on Woods, killed 5 with it earlier.
first time playing an fps?
Not sure if you have a Alpha or Gamma but I would always keep your meds/bullets in your pouch until you loot an item that has better cost per slot value. Going into raid with it empty like your backpack is bad practice, you will lose a lot of money if you die early. Most players always keep a survival kit or CMS in their pouch, and long lasting painkiller (vaseline, goldenstar, ibuprofen) because these are quite expensive to be losing often. Salewa or IFAK you should keep in rig or pockets so you can hotkey. Splint and stims is to your discretion, I keep my alu splint and propital in my rig, green and blue stims in my pouch, many players keep all of these in pouch. Anyway always be aware of cost per slot, it is very valuable information to know when you're looting.
It still spawns attachments locked behind max level traders, which not many people have access to.
The purpose of that run was to collect the items needed for hideout which were HIGHLY inflated at the start of wipe, now that those prices have come down it's not really as efficient. For example lightbulbs were around 50k, now they are around 12-15, a wrench was 30k, now it's 8k. If you spent 10-15 minutes looting just about anywhere you'll make minimum 100k. Running stashes such as what OP is doing would net you more money quicker, imo.
Always hit insure all. If you're worried about stash space you can insure with therapist and it won't expire until 7 days, unlike 2 if you insure with Prapor. Beware Therapist is more expensive, however.
You should have at least fixed the bleed before hopping on the body, 250k key isn't worth dying over.
They're literally running penis helm and mosin.
Was it max durability or had it been repaired? I've killed loads of lower level players lately wearing gen4 with like 15-30 max hit points, may as well be wearing cardboard.
Spawn camping isn't a thing, however knowing player spawns is extremely important, many good players will immediately hunt the adjacent spawn for an early kill. There are numerous spawns where PVP can be engaged within the first minute, and of course there's the chance of late spawning, could be what happened to you. Your spawn is predetermined so somebody could be in the area passing through as you spawn, and they spot you before you see them. It's unfortunate but it happens. What you should take from this is to learn the spawns for each map you play, it's very valuable to know.
It's usually only contested by nearby spawns, late in the raid it's usually clear but it'll have been gutted for loot in most cases.
They're not going to target you for dropping a single Ledx lmao
Damn must have got unlucky on fragmentation, there's always a chance. Plus if you didn't check to see what bullet there is the possibility you got double tapped and didn't hear it. I got 1 tapped by 7BT1 wearing a 55+ gen4, and just earlier double tapped by M80 wearing damaged fort defender, however from my perspective it seemed as if it was 1 shot.
It only shows you bullet information because the gun is irrelevant in terms of damage output, it's all based around bullets. The information of what gun someone is using is only useful if you're playing in a team. I suggest having a look at a few ammo charts and familiarising yourself with the way ammo and armour works. https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1jjWcIue0_PCsbLQAiL5VrIulPK8SzM5jjiCMx9zUuvE/htmlview?pru=AAABcxDDBNQ*5rwG6QUAZSP_HmzUYIaQkg https://kokarn.github.io/tarkov-tools/ (not sure this is updated, but it's easy to navigate) https://escapefromtarkov.gamepedia.com/Ballistics
There's no point using a bolt action for Shooter Born in Heaven.
You're aware SP-5 is the worst 9x39mm round?
If you're facing a good player the difference in TTK matters. SP-6 was always the meta. If you have to run SP-5 for any reason, you should probably be focusing on making money than PVP.
Because people suck at this game.
Hatchet running is for players that try to compensate their lack of skill with having lots of money. Imagine spending hours a day running the same route in hopes of finding a valuable item when you could play the game and make as much money in that time.
M1A is easily best semi auto in the game right now. Use Daniel Defence Wave suppressor or Lantec BMD, canted RK-1 or Fortis Shift foregrip, HK E-1 or Magpul CTR on advanced tube. It's up to you whether you want to opt for more ergo or less recoil but the recoil is so little that RK-2 is unnecessary. SVD is one of my favourite guns but M1A is better in most aspects.
Blast mitigation device + fortis shift.
Didn't realise you could loot my attitude ?! There's nothing wrong with sucking at this game but quite literally what is the point in playing if you go in with no gear? Is the thrill of the game not the risk vs reward? I'm glad to give advice for someone trying to improve at the game but no one is going to make any advancements when they spawn in with a PM pistol.
And what is the advantage? The quest is for headshots over 100m. Any assault rifle or DMR is perfectly capable at that distance and is more forgiving because it allows quick follow up shots. Quite literally the only reason to use a bolt action (other than for fun, of course) is to level sniper skill for Psycho Sniper quest.
Am I wrong though? People can enjoy this game how they want, if you're happy with your 100m from hatchet running I'm glad, but doesn't mean you're any good at the game.
It's still sub 80k on flea.
I was hating this quest because I hadn't got a single kill done passively since it's been unlocked. Easiest way is dehydrate yourself with a mayo, go on factory and take painkiller. Keep eating slickers as needed to stay dehydrated, you get tremor after around 45 seconds. I got it done in like 20 mins.
Then I don't understand your comment? &gt;Because there is definitely a point to using one for it. ?
5.45 BP is garbage against any good armour.
I'm not stopping anyone I'm just stating the facts (:
The best way to know what gun someone is using is familiarise yourself with the sound it makes when it fires.
Nice. I landed a Ledx on an 85k case a few days ago.
Not really because then it loses it's FIR. Maybe it doesn't matter to you if you don't have one already, but the correct thing to do is heal up and loot. Clearly the reason he missed it is because he rushed.
So then you're healing while potentially being shot at as soon as you get off the body...
They are extremely useful. The best extract on both Reserve and Woods requires it.
You can't loot another players melee slot, only scavs. The scav boss in the video is Shturman, who spawns in the mill on Woods.
Why would he leave it and potentially risk losing it for a video? Lmao
Around 4 million. The barter trade for it is extremely expensive too.
Indeed, I always keep propital in rig and green stim in container.
I found Ledx in 85k scav run. It's all a gamble. Moonshine and intelligence are generally better though.
Lmao it is not due to RMT.
Lets see your stats.
https://imgur.com/a/uPH1aNN
Wow you have an insane key collection. Did you purchase them all from flea?
You mean 15 uses. They really should increase the spawn rate.
LMAO you must be new to this game
Do you understand that running marked room often means regular PVP? Yes it is quite fun.
I had to kill him 3 times for the golden TT, I agree it is also bullshit. Honestly though 1 million in gear isn't too bad, you are running Customs after all.
That is the IR searchlight they are referring to.
What are you doing wrong?
You're joking right?
Faceshield.
Just keep playing, only way to get yourself familiar with the mechanics. My best suggestions to improve in PVP would be play 1 or 2 maps and learn them well, including good loot routes, knowing the spawns is a must. The other thing is to know the importance of ammo and armour: https://escapefromtarkov.gamepedia.com/Ballistics
Yes I had it quite a few times last wipe, yet to have it happen to me this wipe however.
Lol BT isn't much to a slick.
Radar isn't aimbot.
I play OCE servers, cheaters are very bad I'm aware, almost unplayable at times. Not sure how that relates to him saying scav kills is easy Xp, though?
What maps are you playing? There are numerous maps where you can be engaged within a minute of spawning but it's unlikely that it happens to you every time. It also could be a case of spawning late.
I'm wondering the same thing. No one really knows.
I imagine that's what the rework will attempt to fix.
There are numerous ammos that can punch through a slick easily, but my point was BT is probably not the best ammo for "chad hunting".
I'm after beans and old firesteel. Apparently they spawn in stashes, also in marked circle on woods. I try to check as many stashes as I can when I play customs, hoping my moonshine scav will come in clutch though honestly.
Should have sold all hideout items long ago, everything was worth a nice price only a week or two ago but now many things are worth pennies. Only keep what you need for quests or maybe a barter trade, the rest should go to flea and therapist.
Lmao you sound like maybe you're bad at this game? The gunplay is second to none.
ITT: Bad FPS players.
They fixed it, but not before I got 1 shot by SNB through a full slick.
Playing as a hatchling is never necessary even as a new player.
Why not play the game, save up and just buy a Ledx? They are 2 million, it is a lot of money for some players but achievable by just surviving a few good raids. Instead you're sinking yourself further into a hole, I don't think finding Ledx should be your priority with 100k in the bank.
All guys downvoting are mad hatchlings with 10% SR lmao
Lol I hate to break it to you but you're not going to be able to run airframe/slick because you have a level 1 bitcoin farm. &gt; It is amazing how blood thirsty some players get against a guy with a pistol. Why would they not when they're risking expensive gear and you risk nothing for one of the most expensive items in the game?
Because they have sub 30% SR and need to hatchet to run kits.
Lol what do you mean? You have like 2 seconds to get the kill after ADS, if you're unable to do that maybe give up the games and consider retirement.
You're a joke for this comment.
I can't believe this is a real comment.
Why not actually play the game and just buy the Ledx? Lmao he was more than likely gonna sell on flea anyway.
You could have just played the game saved up to 2.4m and bought a Ledx, probably be more efficient and.... fun? If you ran out of gear trying to find a Ledx I think you're doing something a little wrong, in my opinion of course.
Cheap from traders!
Not pro but not hatchet running either (:
The chance is so extremely small, a red rebel is already rare but red keycard is like 50x rarer.
The gunplay is great, not sure what you're talking about. maybe you're just bad at it?
The purpose of the game is to survive. What exactly is the point of this comment?
Mhm, better spend the 5 hours a week I can play hatchet running a Ledx spawn. Sounds like fun.
Did you even read the comment? If you have to hatchet run quests fine that's one thing, it just means you're bad at the game but he's specifically talking about people running to high tier loot spawns with the sole intention of farming it without risk.
Even better would have been green stim or propital. Ez.
Airframes.
My faceshield regularly saves me, towards end of wipe it is a different story but I swear by one right now. Whether it's worth it depends how wealthy you are, though.
I'm curious to see your stats if you think the game is too easy.
Shame that Reserve is quite literally unplayable.
It would be pointless because there are 4 other extracts they could potentially take.
Reliable against scavs, maybe.
