Orange Idiot... Golden Idiot... ...close enough.
At this point, any company that advertises on Fox News knowingly condones racism and bigotry. This happens time and time again on program after program.
Dammit.
*Greet me with banners and balloons and my hard drive smashed to pieces Nothing left for me to save when I write my master's thesis It's all gonna change when I write my master's thesis* **[- John K Samson](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_S5UpGx6470)**
Yeah, John K. Samson is awesome. I assume you're familiar, but just in case anyone reading this isn't... his band, The Weakerthans, is amazing too. He writes songs about hockey, a cat named Virtute, taping notes to machines at construction sites, how much Winnipeg sucks... but on this day when the stock market dropped another 500 points, I can't help but think about [Relative Surplus Value](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5eX0VkmwKG4). The line at the end of the song gets me every time. &gt; *Touch my name tag, should say 'HELLO, I'M too tired to smile today' Squeak the chair once, take a deep breath Straighten my tie and say 'What's the damage?' And the pause feels like an extra year of high school The CEO takes me aside I'm down 12 points and they're selling The graphs in the board room show By the time that the market opens in Tokyo I'll be worthless So, what I'm trying to say I mean what I'm asking is I know we haven't talked in a while, but...*
...somewhere, in a darkened room, the voice of Maria Butina can be heard saying... *"What?!"*
I would change where you're mounting the strip. Instead of at the edge pointing straight down, I would put the strip under the bed in the center, pointed toward the edge. Or, try putting the strip pointing away from the edge. That may seem counterproductive, but the light strips put out so much light that it'll still do a great job.
Sadly, I haven't found one.
I was using the Harmony API to give myself keyboard hotkeys on my Mac to control my TV, my stereo, etc. Looks like that's all gone now.
&gt; Who are these randoms spending ~$100 on hubs? Go to Logitech's youtube channel and watch their videos for Harmony. You'll see what kind of consumer they're targeting. It ain't us. Logitech doesn't prioritize Harmony. It's just one of a billion things they make. I doubt they have much of a roadmap for where they want the platform to go. For a while, they were selling the Harmony Elite under a different name as a product for corporate installs (I think it was called something like Harmony Pro). There was also a marketing push for Harmony for grandparents. If you search youtube for Harmony videos, you'll notice most of them don't seem to be DIY home automation types. Instead, they're more likely gadget geeks. In other words, the system seems to be marketed more to people who like fidget spinners than somebody who would buy a Raspberry Pi. Home automation DIY folks like us try to make Harmony do what we want it to do, but the system was never designed with us in mind and Logitech has shown no interest in our opinion. I suspect the API was an afterthought from the start, and they finally decided to bail on it.
&gt; Not the jerk who downvoted you, but It looks like somebody downvoted everybody in this thread. There sure are a lot of "0 points" comments here, and that seems odd.
&gt; I just reread your post and I think the light went on. No pun intended. Would this work? &gt; Create an activity called Heater. Actually, try it this way: Create a custom device in Harmony called Heater. Teach that custom device the IR codes from your heater's remote. Then, assign your custom Heater device to whichever buttons in whichever activities you want - or even all activities if that's what you want. Or, since you mentioned not needing remote buttons, this will group all of the functions in the custom device in the Harmony app. I did this with my Philips Hue lights because I didn't like how Harmony works with Hue. I was already using the Hue API with a Flirc IR receiver to control my lights with a remote. So, I created a custom device in Harmony for Flirc, and I taught Harmony the IR codes I wanted to use. Then, I assigned that custom Flirc device to all of my Harmony activities &amp; I set my Harmony remote buttons up the way I wanted to control my lights. It sounds complicated, but it was actually pretty easy. TIP! Think about how you want to name the IR codes from your remote when you teach them to Harmony. Each one will get a name, and Harmony won't let you edit the names for the IR codes, so make sure you name them in a way that makes sense. For example, I named mine Hue Bright, Hue Ambiance, Hue TV, Hue Mood Light, etc, that way all of my custom Hue IR codes were grouped together.
&gt; $865 X 4 = OUCH
&gt; I have no desire to have anything turn on in conjunction with AV equipment. The good news is, you don't have to. Just because you assign a device to an activity doesn't mean you have to also assign power on for that device - and with a custom device, you might choose to have no power button at all for it, or you might give it a power button but not have it turn on automatically. Here's an example: Like I said, I created a custom device called Flirc. I added my Flirc device to every activity, but didn't give it a power button (it doesn't have one, obviously, since it's not an actual device in the normal sense). So, when I start an activity, my Flirc buttons are set up and ready to go, but lights didn't turn on since I didn't assign any of them to turn on when I start that activity. &gt; I am annoyed that Logitech assumes all uses of ones’s AV equipment is done in the dark and involves sitting and viewing a TV screen. Yeah, there are a lot of screwy things about Harmony. You can usually find other ways to accomplish what you want though. For example, you can assign your TV to more than one activity, and you can assign whatever controls your music to your Watch TV activity too. It's all flexible - this also makes it complicated to set up since you have to give it more thought than you would with a simple remote, but it's worth it in the end. The trick is to think about activities instead of devices. Good luck!
Breakfast: Buy oatmeal in bulk. Don't get the processed instant junk. Buy the real deal. I buy 5lbs for $4.99 and it lasts me roughly 6 weeks. That's basically 12 cents a day. Even with the other stuff I add (cinnamon, raw cacao powder), it's still less that 25 cents a day.
And that was before General Mattis, the Secretary Of Defense, quit, followed by Trump tweeting that he'd retired, followed by a release of the letter where Mattis made it clear he quit because he didn't support what the president was doing. Brutal.
&gt; Not to mention, Republicans are shutting down their own government. AGAIN. 1st shutdown this year: January 20th through the 22nd. 2nd shutdown this year: February 9th. This will be the 3rd government shutdown this year, all occurring during a time when Republicans held the presidency and majorities in both chambers of congress. Republicans are incapable of governing.
George, is that you? ...and ...is that a pastrami sandwich?!?
I would have loved it if Democrats packed the chamber for the speech, and then, one at a time, walked out. Or, better yet, if they all stood up and turned their backs toward him. Good riddance to the Ryan rubbish.
&gt; "I know the human being and fish can coexist peacefully." &gt; --George W. Bush I never imagined we'd see a president dumber than Dubya. &gt; "There's an old saying in Tennessee - I know it's in Texas, probably in Tennessee - that says, 'Fool me once, shame on... shame on you. Fool me... you can't get fooled again.'" &gt; --Dubya I never imagined a dumber president than that guy. &gt; "Too many good docs are getting out of the business. Too many OB-GYNs aren't able to practice their love with women all across this country." &gt; --Dubya Seriously... dumber than THIS GUY? &gt; "See, free nations are peaceful nations. Free nations don't attack each other. Free nations don't develop weapons of mass destruction." &gt; --Dumb, Dumb, Dubya The next Republican president turned out to be shockingly dumber than the dumbass who said: &gt; "You bet I cut the taxes at the top. That encourages entrepreneurship. What we Republicans should stand for is growth in the economy. We ought to make the pie higher." &gt; "You work three jobs? ... Uniquely American, isn't it? I mean, that is fantastic that you're doing that." &gt; "Rarely is the question asked: Is our children learning?" Wow. Dubya was an idiot... but Cheeto Bigly makes him look like a genius by comparison. Wow.
Oh... muh... gawd. That's brutal.
I'm glad, but this is their second debacle with Harmony this year, and it's the second time they had to be shamed into doing the right thing this year. They still haven't fixed the fact that the Companion remote doesn't work properly (the Home Control buttons can't be assigned to Activity control buttons even though their own shoddy documentation says they can, and even though those same buttons on the Elite remote can, and even though users have been asking them to fix this for years on their own support forum and emails). My faith in Logitech is very very low.
Does anybody have thoughts on what will happen to the housing market if we go into a recession in 2019? In 2001, there was the tech bubble bursting. In 2007, it was the sub-prime mortgage &amp; housing market collapse. This time around, there is so much massive debt. It this ["The Mother Of All Credit Bubbles"](https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/economy/beware-the-mother-of-all-credit-bubbles/2018/06/08/940f467c-69af-11e8-9e38-24e693b38637_story.html?noredirect=on)? Possibly. My question isn't about what'll cause the oncoming recession, but rather, how will it affect the housing market - especially on the lower end (let's say, $100K to $250K ish). Are homes about to become more affordable? Are mortages about to become harder to get? If we enter a recession, will the Fed push interest rates back down? Are all bets off [if Trump fires](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-12-22/trump-said-to-discuss-firing-fed-s-powell-after-latest-rate-hike) the [chairman of the Fed](https://www.marketwatch.com/story/trump-has-reportedly-discussed-firing-fed-chairman-powell-2018-12-22)? EDIT: Maybe I should have made this a post of its own rather than just a comment in this thread. I might do that at some point.
&gt; Determined, strong and effective fiscal policy is the only way out in the next big economic downturn :/ Uhmmmmm... the "president" is only minutes away from getting into a twitter war with the chairman of the Fed, before either firing him or watching him quit and then tweeting about how he "retired" in order to save the Cheeto Ego. Or maybe you were explaining how it would work in some alternate universe where an actual adult is the president rather than Cheeto Bigly? I mean... you're RIGHT, but... Trump is as Trump does, so... do you happen to have any other ideas? Does Trump even know what "fiscal" means? This is not going to end well (well... I'm sitting on the sidelines with cash waiting for opportunity, and Trump tanking the economy will probably lead to opportunity for me, but I still freaking hate it, even if it will benefit me... because I'm not a scumbag... but I digress). Seriously though... you're right, but you also probably just explained why we're screwed.
The problem with that strategy is, by the time you commit to bailing, it'll be too late. The moment Trump tweets that Powell is fired, it'll be too late.
I think it'll drop like a stone due to fear, uncertainty and doubt. The drop won't be a matter of efficiency or strategy or anything even remotely logical. It'll be a rush for the exits amidst a burst of FUD, and it'll be fast, immediately following *Big Event We Should Have Anticipated (BEWSHA!!!)*. The credit bubble bursting? Powell being pushed out? The Mueller report drops? BEWSHA, indeed. Until then, I'm expecting the market to react like a rubber ball getting dropped down a flight of stairs. Down down, UP. Down down, up. Down DOWN, Up? Down. And while the market bounces, I think a lot of people are on edge, hoping for more up days while waiting for a reason to get out entirely. But, hey, what do I know? I got out in September when the market was around 26,5... and now I'm debating what my targets should be for getting back in, based on how low I think things will go. Will the DOW drop below 20,000? 15,000? I don't know, but the view sure is better right now from the outside. That's my $o.o2. Don't try to cash it in for more than it's worth.
I got out in September. During October, I started to second guess my decision, but obviously since then... well... it sure is good to be on the outside, looking in. If I was still in, I'd be getting out entirely when the market opens on Monday because I believe a huge drop is coming - probably not on Monday, but soon. 2020 could be a good year to get back in.
If I was a bimbo, [I'd buy a limo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oOwekgX10FY), and I'd be singing "Bimbo, Limo, Bimbo, Me." As a non-bimbo, I'm sitting on cash, waiting for the crash which is probably coming in 2019 or 2020 at the latest.
Yes, but more than that, it's about forcing Trump and Republicans to own what they have done by reminding them every single time. Trump said "I’m not going to blame you for it... I will take the mantle of shutting down." He said he'd be proud to shut it down. This shutdown is on him.
I'm curious too. What a fantastic space this looks like it must be. The brick, the wood, those windows... it's awesome.
That's such a fantastic place! Thanks for sharing the link.
Isn't the firmware updated automatically?
Seriously. I wish I could upvote that one more than once because he nailed it. That being said, I'll add a third possibility: 3: He got a call from Cheeto Bigly telling him to do it &amp; leak it in order to make it look like they know what they're doing, even though it suggests the opposite.
&gt; I agree. Softball legend Wolf Blitzer Absolutely. In fact, that's an understatement. Earlier this year, when the lead story was about ICE locking children in CAGES on concentration camps on U.S. soil, Wolf Blitzer had the Acting ICE Director Thomas Homan live on CNN for an interview. Homan literally used the Nuremberg Defense, and Blitzer didn't even press him on it. God. Damn. &gt; Wolf Blitzer, CNN: "Is this new "zero tolerance" policy that the president has supported, that the attorney General announced... is it humane?" &gt; Acting ICE Director Thomas Homan: "I think... I think it's the law." &gt; Blitzer: "It may be the law. It's the policy. But is it humane?" &gt; Homan: "I think it's the law and I'm law enforcement I must follow the law." And that was it. Blitzer gave up. What a useless powderpuff pushover of an interviewer that monotone nincompoop is. Wolf Blitzer is useless. The Acting Director of ICE used the Nuremberg Defense, straight out of the Nazi playbook. Homan wanted us to believe was was not responsible for his actions because he was just following orders, regardless of whether or not he knew what he was doing was inhumane... and Blitzer didn't even follow up on it. And, golly gee, what a coincidence: This happened on the exact same day the United States withdrew from the U.N. Human Rights Council. Please don't let anyone tell you this is just politics. The people in this administration are evil. And Blitzer? Wolf Blitzer has neither the talent nor the skill to even hold his own in an interview with any of them. Wolf Blitzer is useless.
RemindMe! 1 year, because I call bullshit on these people. I wonder what they were thinking in summer, 2007. &gt; I think people think this is bitcoin and it's going to crash forever. Nope. Some of us just think this is madness that will last for another year or two.
Awe, I clicked through hoping for a video of Baldwin saying that. No dice. Ah well... Doug Baldwin was awesome tonight. Go Hawks!
Thank you for sharing this! Merry Christmas and happy holidays to all, here on the big blue ball.
Please let this happen please let this happen please let this happen please let this happen please let this happen please let this happen please let this happen please let this happen please let this happen please let this happen please let this happen please let this happen please let this happen please let this happen please let this happen please let this happen please let this happen please let this happen please let this happen please let this happen please let this happen please let this happen please let this happen please let this happen please I'm not kidding.
&gt; This clip doesn't do it justice. Yeah, that video is terrible. Where's the rest?
That's not a good sign for the direction of your team, if your relatively new GM was cheering for a fight after your team committed a late hit. I'm a huge Richard Sherman fan, by the way... but that's not a good sign.
[Who am I? Why am I here?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uKpX-5jQjQ0)
You guys are a dirty team, so we like the idea of you suffering. The truth of the matter is, you've got a hell of a lot of talent, and a hell of a lot of potential, but your coaching is shit. (I assume your GM and ownership are shit too, because if they weren't, they wouldn't tolerate dirty football) Seriously, why did you guys hire Hue? No, really. Why? I'm not saying Hue is dirty though. I'd say he's a bad coach - but I don't have to. His record says that. I think a new coach could turn the Bengals into an instant playoff contender for 2019 and beyond. It's not going to happen though. But, hey, don't listen to me. Next year will totally be better, right? Or maybe the year after that. Or the year after that. Just keep doing what you're doing, because it's obviously working, right?
Other than that, Mrs. Lincoln, how was the play?
Well, *THAT* sure backfired.
Make Accountants Get Anxiety.
Oh, ouch. I didn't realize that. It explains a lot though. I feel bad for you. Cincy is such a great city. You deserve better.
While I don't necessarily disagree, the issue for me is that he is terrible at his job. "The sky is blue and the air is warm. Does this mean the sun is shining?" That's a Wolf Blitzer type of question. He states the obvious, phrased as a question, so one of many irrelevant panelists can repeat the question in the form of an answer. "Well, y'know, Wolf, it's 3 O'clock in the afternoon on a summer day, which explains why the air is warm. Now, if it was winter, the air would be cooler." His show is just plain awful, and it's awful by design. Some crack smoker at CNN decided that since MSNBC is liberal and FOX is alt-right, CNN should be the middle. And they're absolutely wrong. Stupidly wrong. MSNBC caters to the left. FOX caters to the right. CNN should be the network for fact based news, regardless of which side of the political aisle the facts for a particular story are on. MSNBC = Left. FOX = Alt-right. CNN should be FACTS, not a dishonest middle ground for the sake of political appeasement. Instead, CNN would do a segment on arson by having Blitzer interview a panel of guests including pro-arson wackjobs there to present the idea that burning someone's house down is a good thing because it gives that person more time to be outdoors... and CNN would let them present that as a valid viewpoint. If that sounds like a joke, isn't it also a joke that CNN had the acting director of ICE on the air live while reporting that our own government was locking children in CAGES, and Blitzer offered up no pushback, no attempt to get to the facts, no shot at getting any real information. Blitzer just gave ICE airtime for political spin, unchecked. If Wolf Blitzer is a special interest pawn, he is probably useless at that too.
Dior, Sauvage So much WTF. It starts like a Viagra ad, but ends up more like an ad for Alzheimer's medication. ("Where am I going? What am I doing? Is that buffalo real? I'm gonna bury a necklace in the dirt. I don't know why. It's MAGIC! Or maybe I forgot to take my pills. Am I still a pirate?")
&gt; The US is in a very similar position today but **actually has higher levels of debts** and IOUs (entitlements, etc) than Japan did in 1989. I wanted to highlight the bit about debt because I feel like it's the story everybody is glossing over. In 2008, homeowners were under water. What if 2019 is the year of reckoning caused by corporations and countries under water? &gt; **[The Mother Of All Credit Bubbles:](https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/economy/beware-the-mother-of-all-credit-bubbles/2018/06/08/940f467c-69af-11e8-9e38-24e693b38637_story.html?noredirect=on)** &gt; "Mariarosa Verde, senior credit officer at Moody’s, the rating agency, warned in May that 'the record number of highly-leveraged companies has set the stage for a particularly large wave of defaults when the next period of broad economic stress eventually arrives.'" Here's another comment from that article to consider - emphasis, mine: &gt; "Last year, public companies spent more than $800 billion buying back their own shares and, thanks to all the cash freed up by the recent tax bill, Goldman Sachs estimates that **share buybacks will surge to $1.2 trillion this year. That comes at a time when share prices are at an all-time high — so companies are buying at the top** — and when a growing global economy offers the best opportunity to expand into new products and new markets. This is nothing short of corporate malpractice."
&gt; indivisible favorite channels? What are indivisible favorite channels? One of the great things about Harmony is the ability to create sequences which you can assign to buttons. For example, I made sequences for my favorite TV channels, and my sequences include the Info command, because my stupid TV pops up an Info box when switching the channel, so adding an Info command makes that box go away instantly instead of having to wait a few seconds for it to disappear. In other words, for channel 12, my sequence is: 1 2 . 1 ENTER INFO Create a sequence, and then assign it to a button. It's a very handy feature.
I would call Q4 2018 a cab. Go home, Q4. You're drunk.
Dear Cheeto Bigly; How do you think global markets will react to you firing Mnuchin? How do you think global markets will react to you pushing out Powell, or even waging a public PR war against him? How do you think global markets will react to the caliber of candidates you could muster up to replace them? Who would even want the job, knowing they're doomed from the start? It's ok to admit when you're not good at something, and you are NOT good at governing. Your big brain is as phony as your spray tan and yellow hair dye. Please resign. P.S. Take Pence with you.
None. Whew! I've been 100% cash since September. I lost faith in the value of the market this year, so I'm sitting on the sidelines. I have to admit, I felt tempted as everything seemed to keep climbing in October, but I kept asking myself "Do I believe this is sustainable?" and the answer was always no. And now, the answer is Hell No! I think 2019 is going to be a bad year. If I'm wrong, I miss out on gains but I still sleep really well knowing I'm safe. If I'm right, I certainly don't want to be caught up in what's coming. Now feels like a really good time to be safe.
&gt; look at it this way, when you go to a store, and items are 50% off, do you wait to see if they will become 60% off? It's not 50% off. It's currently 20% off where it was earlier this year. when it was around 26,800. If the DOW goes below 13,400, that would be 50% off. 60% off would be 10,720. That's just basic math. If I walk into a store and see items marked down 20%, but I think I can get them for 50% to 60% off by waiting a bit, I wait. I'm not saying I expect the market to drop 50% to 60%. I just used the numbers you presented. But I do think we're still in for a significant drop before we hit bottom.
You sure do seem angry. Perhaps it's envy. Best of luck with your portfolio. I mean that sincerely.
I'm just thinking out loud here... I don't know how to do what you're hoping, but I'm going to follow the post because I've had thoughts of doing something sort of similar... but... here's an idea for your button trigger: Get [a Flirc](https://flirc.tv/) (a usb IR receiver dongle). You can teach Flirc IR commands from any remote. I bought a cheap keychain remote that I have hanging by my bed that has a few buttons. I have a few of the buttons set up to trigger Hue lights &amp; start iTunes playlists. My remote suuuuucks, however, so I plan on finding a better one next year. But the concept works perfectly. You could set it up to execute the first command after being pushed.
If you think THAT's bad, you should see what happens when you try to build real estate in Russia. It could cost you your presidency.
I'm not claiming to be good at timing the market at all. Hell, I'm saying the opposite.
I made it clear that I'm not a FOMO guy. I'll trade the risk of missing out on a rally in the near term for not having to risk losing what I've got amid the chaos that's happening now. You disagree? Rock on. Do with your money as you see fit.
That analogy makes no sense. It's the exact opposite of what I did. A better analogy would be walking away from the roulette table with cash on hand instead of staying in for another spin (or whatever the roulette terminology is. I'm not a gambler). You seem to be really bothered by the fact that somebody would cash out for a while.
Here's a thought: If you only have one activity, you could make activities specifically for accessing settings for a specific device. Maybe, call one of them TV Settings, and call the other one Receiver Settings, or something like that. I thought about making a second activity for my TV, so I could do something similar... but in the end, I didn't need to.
Trump went to church? I've already read my max number of free WAPO articles this month, so I can't click through to see how many firefighters had to respond when the church burst into flames as he entered. I hope everyone is ok. Thoughts and prayers. Thoughts and prayers.
Maybe it's a bubble bubble.
You're welcome! Here's a thought to add onto it: You might want to put the Settings activities on the HOLD option for the activity button instead of just the press. That was my plan, but like I said, I never got around to doing it (I didn't need to - I use the app to access stuff I rarely need)... but I'm still tempted to for my TV. Cheers!
D'oh!!! You're RIGHT. Thanks!
The lady doth protest too much, methinks. Let's see if I've got this right. I cashed out in Sept, meaning I'm getting 2.1 returns (boring, but safe) while I've missed out on losing 20%, but with your help, I would have lost that 20% compared to when I got out, and I'd be set up for further losses yet to come. Gee, with an offer like that, how could I possibly refuse.
The guy you're replying to is going around desperately trying to talk people into buying. My guess is that he's taking on serious losses and is upset that not everyone is deep in the red. As they say, misery loves company.
What you believe doesn't concern me in the slightest. I suspect you've taken on some serious losses and are upset by the idea that not everyone is taking a beating. I also suspect that you're just looking for people to fight with. I'll pass. Regardless, I wish you the best of luck.
Absolutely. And it's more than that. They seem to have forgotten about the rest of what came with that period. I made it through the last recession relatively unharmed - but that was pure luck, and I was thankful for it. So many of my friends got hit hard, losing jobs, losing homes, and getting priced out of their own neighborhoods in the aftermath. It was heartbreaking to see, and even though it didn't happen to me, it changed me. That's part of why I'm making an effort to be safe this time.
You sure do seem to be upset. You keep going and going, like you have something to prove. That tells us a lot. EDITED to add: Seriously, take a moment to step back and think about why it bothers you so much that other folks cashed out (I can't help noticing you're arguing with other people too, desperately trying to convince them to buy). Ask yourself why other people taking a defensive position with their money bothers you so much. I doubt you'll do it, but you should. Anyway... I'm done here.
Here's how I do exactly what you're asking - but first, a comment: The Companion remote is garbage. Yeah, it has six Home Control buttons, but they don't work the way you probably want them to. Logitech stuuuuuuuuuuuupidly locked them down, so they only work with certain smart devices, and even if they work with a smart device you own, they only work in certain predefined ways. For example: Philips Hue. Want to assign Hue scenes to the two light bulb buttons? Nope. Can't. You can only have those buttons turn the light on, but it'll turn the light on to whatever color it was set to previously, which can be aggravating if you use scenes. It's a huge pain. Want to assign a Belkin Wemo smart plug to the buttons that look like plugs? You can't. Not with the Companion. And you can't use the Home Control buttons for activity control buttons on the Companion even though you can on the Elite remote. So, you'll probably end up with six buttons you can't use... and even if you can use them, you probably can't use them the way you want. It's insanely aggravating. Logitech could easily fix it, but users on their forum have been asking them to fix it for years - literally YEARS. They don't care. I always recommend the Smart Control or the Elite. The Companion is garbage. **OK! Enough with that. On to your question!** Here's how I do it: I'm using a Flirc usb IR receiver. Flirc translates IR commands from remote control button presses into keyboard hotkeys, which means you can easily control your PC with a remote. Flirc is cheap and it's awesome.. On Harmony: create a custom device for your lights. Teach Harmony IR commands from any old remote you're not using (I had an old VCR remote lying around). On your PC: set up hotkeys to control your stuff. I don't know how to do it on a PC, but on my Mac, I use an app called BetterTouchTool to assign hotkeys to actions (launch an app, run a script, etc etc etc). I use AppleScript to write my own scripts for controlling my Hue lights and my Belkin Wemos. Plug Flirc into your PC. Teach it the IR commands you want to trigger hotkeys for controlling stuff. Flirc comes with software to do this. It's easy. It sounds complicated, but it's really not. The remote tells Flirc to do a hotkey, and the hotkey triggers your stuff. You can use a PC, Mac, or a Raspberry Pi. One big benefit of using a Raspberry Pi is that you can also use the Home Assistant app on your Pi. There may be other ways of doing this, but I've been using a Flirc for years, so it made sense to just build it into my Harmony setup - and it's been working flawlessly.
&gt; You sound like you know a lot about Harmony so I figured I’d ask, is there anything I can do to make my remote not be terrible when trying to navigate my directv? I don't have DirecTV, so I can't help with that - but - my first guess would be to try editing the buttons in the setup part of the Harmony app. Try setting it up manually. For example, one of the things that drives me nuts with my TV is the stupid delay when directly entering channels, followed by a stupid Info box that hangs on the screen for a few seconds. So, I created sequences for directly choosing channels, and my sequences include pressing ENTER and pressing INFO as a way to tell my TV "Do it now and get rid of the friggin' info box." Sorry I can't help more than that... but my advice is to see if you can find a better way manually &amp; then create sequences to assign to keys. Sometimes, the way Harmony automatically sets up a device isn't the best way. &gt; You sound like you know a lot about Harmony Thanks, but I'm not an expert. I just dabble. My setup is weird, so I ended up having to find custom ways to do a lot of things.
I'm using a Flirc with Harmony ([here's mine!](http://twenty200.com/?text=flirc)) but my remote is a Smart Control, not a 650. For me, the trick was to find an old remote I had lying around that I wasn't using - an old Sony VCR (and a pair of old Apple remotes I had lying around). In Harmony, I created a custom device and then created custom buttons one by one. Then, I taught Harmony the IR command for a button from my VCR remote (Play button = Hue Bright Scene. Stop button = Hue mood light. REC button = Hue lights off, etc). It took a while to set up, but it worked perfectly. In case you're curious, my VCR remote is Remote Model # rmt-v229. It's awesome for Harmony because it was originally designed to control 3 different VCRs with the same remote, so it has a switch that flips it into three separate modes for all of the buttons (VCR1, VCR2, VCR3). If you take this route of using an old remote for a custom device on Harmony, I strongly recommend creating a note file somewhere on your Mac or PC so you can keep track of what buttons you're using on the old remote for which buttons on your Harmony... because eventually, you'll want to add another one, so it's VERY helpful to have a list of which are used and which are free.
"We have alternative facts." --Kellyanne, with the cons way
&gt; Joe Jackson fucking nails it Absofuckinglutely. That cover is fantastic. In fact, there are quite a few gems on that Shatner album. I rolled my eyes when I first read that Ben Folds was working with William Shatner on an album, but when I heard it... damn. I really like [Together](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZGvWPavjTOw) and the brutally sad [That's Me Trying](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jze2xTcukc0).
Mother only uses I Can't Believe It's Not Butter emails.
Ultimate One is more or less the previous generation of the Elite. It's pretty old and has been discontinued. I have no experience with it. The current version of Harmony remotes are the Elite, Companion, and Smart Control (but the Companion is garbage). The Smart Control is the one to get if you want a universal remote and don't need a touchscreen. It works with the Hub. The Elite is the one to get if you want a touchscreen. Personally, I'm not a fan of how Logitech implemented the touchscreen. When I reach for a remote, I don't want to have to surf through menus. On the other hand, if your system is REALLY complicated, it might be worth it. The Companion is garbage. It's the Smart Control remote plus six locked down buttons that cause more aggravation than functionality. And it doesn't even look as good as the Smart Control (it has a weird gray matted texture, whereas the Smart Control's surface is glossy black). If Logitech would fix the firmware for the Companion so the six Home Control buttons can be assigned to other things, like they can on the Elite, then this could be a good remote. But users have been asking them to fix it for years and they don't care.
And my bow.
Well, sure, if you're going to actually read the article first, one might mention that. Or even quote it. /s
You can also dehydrate by fucking like one. http://thatsafactbutimtoolazytofindalinktogowithitsodontclickthis.com
The tie needs to be longer.
&gt; A friend of mine has been waiting for the market to crash. He's been doing this for ten years. If that's true, your friend is an idiot. If your friend was honestly waiting for the market to crash in 2008, while the market was crashing, your friend is an idiot.
I understand that, but **you said** your friend has been waiting for **ten years.** If that's true, your friend is unbelievably stupid.
&gt; I'm guessing the plaintiffs legal status within the country may have influenced the decision. That's a good point. I suppose there's also a chance Roger Stone is worthless, financially, and wouldn't even be able to pay 100 thousand, let alone 100 million... not to mention that Stone would probably appeal, because with a verdict like that he'd have to, right? And, hey, Stone is probably going to die in prison anyway. Still... I sure do like the thought of Stone being financially ruined forever.
Yeah, I've wondered about that. It's well known that pedophiles are less safe in prison. I wonder how inmates feel about treason. Regardless of whether or not Stone gets convicted of treason, he sold out his country.
The EM1 is a wonderful camera. If you find one at a great price, go for it. It has the best ergonomics of any camera I've ever used. It fits my hand like a glove, and all of the buttons are where I'd want them to be. The grip is fantastic. I know that sounds silly to rave about, but there's just something so perfect about the fit of the EM1. It has just the right size, just the right weight, just the right fit and feel, and nearly everything is customizable. Get a wrist strap for it, because even with a lens, it's light enough that there's no need for a neck strap. Optech makes a wrist strap that's cheap and great. I used one for years. The Peak Design Cuff wrist strap is even better, but it costs more. I don't do sports, so I can't comment on that, but the EM1 was the top of the line Olympus camera from 2013 to 2016. Just because a new model was released, it doesn't mean the old model stopped working. Thanks to the prices you can get an EM1 for used, I still recommend it without hesitation.
&gt; I have owned an EM-1 MKII for about 6 months. I feel like low-light IQ is not as good as what you would get from a Sony full-frame system. If I were shooting for a living, I'd go with the Sony. Keep in mind, the OP is a student looking at a $450 used camera, not a $2,000+ new one. It's important to keep things in perspective. &gt; The EM-1 is a major upgrade in ergonomics but a major downgrade in fashion. :) That's one of my favorite things about it, to be honest. I love that it's small and visually uninteresting, in terms of the body itself. That means, when you're out shooting with an EM1, you call less attention to yourself. For me, that's a big plus. My main camera now is an Olympus Pen F. It's drop dead sexy, but to me, that's actually a negative since it calls attention to itself. It's such a fun camera though. The ergonomics are nowhere near as good as an EM1. Instead of being a smooth &amp; curvy yet grippy body like an EM1, it's a slab of metal that demands attention. Such a fun camera. I love it, but when I travel I always reach for my EM1 instead.
&gt; We have a pretty dope planet 🌍 We also have too many dopes who don't respect it enough to care for it.
If Trump suffers from a personality disorder, doesn't that mean at least 1/3 of American voters have a personality disorder too? They see everything he's done and they still support him.
It already has. Imagine the good that could be done if we weren't saddled with debt. How much did the war in Iraq cost? Trillions. That's healthcare. That's education. That's infrastructure. Every time you use your cellphone or your PC or the internet... those things were born out of government investment. Debt is money lost instead of being invested. Debt is a piece of the future, lost.
I wonder if part of the problem is that this building was supposed to be condos, but shortly before breaking ground, they flipped it to apartments and substantially increased the number of units per floor. How would they fix it at this point?
&gt; Such is life in Port Diego. More like, Portlancisco.
I hope so, but I don't think so. I grew up in rural PA and I also spent some time as a kid in the south. I'm willing to bet that if I went back to either place today, I'd find a LOT of young white men, and a surprising number of young white women, who are Republicans.
The last major release of Aperture was in February, **2010.**
3.6 was just an incremental update to keep it running. Hell, let's quote wikipedia: &gt; 3.6 -- October 16, 2014 -- Stability improvements and compatibility with OS X 10.10 Yosemite The last major release of Aperture was in **February, 2010.**
&gt; the contrarian in me makes me feel like that means we’re not irrationally exuberant, so maybe all this uncertainty is priced in? All you have to do is look at American debt and you'll see an abundance of irrational exuberance that has to give at some point. The national debt - especially due to stupid debt like unfunded wars and tax breaks for billionaires. Corporate debt - especially stupid debt like stock buybacks purchased while the markets were at all time highs. Personal debt - especially stupid debt like credit card debt and people living beyond their means. Debt will be the next bubble to bust in a big way. The question is: what will be the catalyst to pop that bubble and bring the economy down with it?
Don't trust polling. Everybody knows Trump is a bigot, and there are a lot more bigots in our country than most of us realize. Many people will vote for him but won't admit it, and they certainly won't admit it to a stranger. Polls are going to be off in 2020 just as they were in 2016, perhaps even more this time.
It would be great if they at least gave us the option to close the "more" text after opening. More often than not, I regret clicking for More.
I think some developers make irrelevant tiny changes just so the app shows up in App Updates, in order to remind people they downloaded it - especially if the developer relies on in app purchases... because the only way to get people to make in app purchases is to get people to use the app.
Looks like I picked the wrong week to stop sniffing glue
I fear it's too late. Much like what happened in Germany during Hitler's rise, people in the U.S. have become numb to what's happening because it didn't happen all at once, but rather, bit by bit, which means there wasn't a catalyst for a breaking point for the masses who concern themselves more with the fate of the Kardashians than the fate of the country. I love my country, but I'm embarrassed of my fellow citizens, most of whom care more about whether or not weed gets legalized instead of whether or not they'll still have a country to smoke it in.
See you down in Arizona Bay.
God dammit, House Democrats, that's not what you asked for. You set the terms. You set the date. The AG did not meet your terms on that date. Barr is stalling because he can, because time and time again you prove they all can. So they will. He's in contempt. Period. Hold him in contempt. Period. Do your damn job.
Giving people free money sounds good, but it doesn't help the economy during a recession. Giving people free money isn't effective because people don't spend the money during times of economic fear. Instead, they save it or they pay down debt, which helps them but doesn't help the economy. Dubya tried this and the result was as he should have already known. He sent millions of Americans stimulus "rebate" checks in hopes of pumping money into the economy. He encouraged Americans to spend it. Most people saved it or used it to pay bills.
And the Dakota Pipeline protesters said... *"WHUT??!"*
RemindMe! December 9th, 2019
Year &gt; Month &gt; Day. That's how I organize my files. If I shot anything today, I'd go into my 2019 folder, then into my 06 folder (June) and I'd create a 12 folder, and that's where I'd import the photos into. &gt; I'm not sure what will work best for me so I'm looking for suggestions. Bingo. Figuring out what works for you is key. Think about your style of photography. What do you shoot? The more you think about it, the more you'll be able to find a way to organize that fits your needs. I'd still recommend filing by date unless you have a really good reason not to. It's just such an easy system to stick with. For me, organization in Lightroom is about filing photos by date and adding keywords for subject matter. I'm a bit of an oddball in terms of what I shoot. I do street photography, but I don't shoot people or scenes. I shoot stripes, patterns and textures, words out of context and various other details. So, using keywords to tag my photos makes them easier to find. I also use keywords to label the photo according to where I've shared it (facebook, instagram, flickr, [my website](https://twenty200.com), etc). I use color labels for the status of a photo. Green means it's edited and ready to share. Yellow means it's in progress. Red means delete it (this is handy for reminding me to delete it online if I've already shared it). I use flags to literally flag a photo, for a quick reminder, but these tend to be removed quickly. I don't use flags much.
Leaving her job? What job? She's the press secretary who doesn't give press briefings. What exactly does she DO? Packing up her office will be the most work she's done in months.
That coffee table looks awesome, but it's actually terrible. It eats up the whole room. One of the larger circles would be ok, but two fill the whole room and the smaller one becomes an obstacle to maneuver around to get to the middle or far side of the couch.
Leaving Scranton is beautiful any time of year.
Can somebody ELI5: Why buy Grayscale Bitcoin Trust instead of buying actual Bitcoin?
Don't get too excited. Hillary beat Trump by millions of votes. Literally millions. Republicans now refer to the popular vote as "mob rule" because they don't believe in it anymore. So much for democracy, eh?
I have to assume you're intelligent enough to realize there are more kinds of value than money.
&gt; Any conservatives want to explain? Conservatives are not patriots. There's a reason conservatives side with Confederates. There's a reason conservatives side with white supremacists. There's a reason conservatives side with Nazis. And there's a reason conservatives in the U.S. side with Russia over their own country. What's the reason? The reason is that conservatives are not patriots. They place their loyalty to party over country.
The only thing worse than the fact that the U.S. is running concentration camps is the fact that conservatives are glad the U.S. is running concentration camps. Two points that cannot be over-emphasized: 1. Trump had a [mural of himself with a quote from Art Of The Deal painted at one of his concentration camps](https://time.com/5312226/donald-trump-mural-immigrant-kids-center/). That's a fact. 2. Trump is using the [Japanese internment camps from WWII to lock up kids](https://news.vice.com/en_us/article/vb9qzj/survivors-of-japanese-internment-are-horrified-trump-is-using-a-former-facility-to-detain-migrant-kids). That's a fact. This is what America is now. And it's what America will be until enough good people stand up and demand better. Before Trump even officially launched his 2020 reelection campaign, he already put the world on notice that he's seeking help from other countries in order to win. He made it so clear he intends to so that [the chair of the Federal Election Commission had to issue a public warning](https://www.newsweek.com/following-trump-comments-federal-election-commission-chair-clarifies-law-foreign-contributions-1443948), saying: &gt; "Let me make something 100% clear to the American public and anyone running for public office: It is illegal for any person to solicit, accept, or receive anything of value from a foreign national in connection with a U.S. election. This is not a novel concept. Electoral intervention from foreign governments has been considered unacceptable since the beginnings of our nation. Our Founding Fathers sounded the alarm about 'foreign Interference, Intrigue, and Influence.' They knew that when foreign governments seek to influence American politics, it is always to advance their own interests, not America's. Anyone who solicits or accepts foreign assistance risks being on the wrong end of a federal investigation. Any political campaign that receives an offer of a prohibited donation from a foreign source should report that offer to the Federal Bureau of Investigation." I never imagined that we'd see concentration camps set up on U.S. soil during my lifetime. That sort of Nazi madness isn't something I could have imagined seeing here... but that's what America is now. We're a nation that rips kids out of their parents arms and locks them in cages. Concentration camps with kennels for children. That's what America does now. That is who and what we are, as a nation, now. And it's beyond cruel.
It's sad that this is an idea that needs to be spread, but it needs to be spread - and it would be especially helpful if the back of the card had the same text in Spanish (or whatever the person's native language is), so that there can be no misunderstanding for either party regarding what the card says, specifically. What a great idea. It's sad that it's needed, but it is.
&gt; **["He’s not hurting the people he needs to be": a Trump voter says the quiet part out loud](https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2019/1/8/18173678/trump-shutdown-voter-florida)** &gt; "I voted for him, and he’s the one who’s doing this," Minton told Mazzei. "I thought he was going to do good things. He’s not hurting the people he needs to be hurting." &gt; He’s not hurting the people he needs to be hurting. &gt; This is what makes Trumpism work. This is the dark heart of our political moment. Even people who are tremendously vulnerable themselves, like Crystal Minton, support Trump because of his capacity to inflict pain on others they detest. The cruelty, as the Atlantic’s Adam Serwer says, is the point. The cruelty is the point. The bigotry is the point. It is who they are. And it is precisely what they want. Cruelty. Bigotry. It is what they are.
I was wondering that too. It seems strange to me that I couldn't find it. I bought mine a year ago. I really like it. I wonder if it's hard to find right now because Logitech is about to release a new model...? The perfect remote for Harmony would be the Companion remote if Logitech would stop locking down the six orange Home Control buttons. It's ridiculous that they lock down those six buttons for use with only a few specific Home Control devices and only to be used in some specific ways. They should make them usable for anything, just like the rest of the activity buttons. It'd be an easy firmware fix. If only they'd do it. They fixed it with the Elite remote, but for some reason, they keep those buttons on the Companion remote locked down.
Please tell me there's video.
&gt; It is disgraceful when any group of people will not work with someone They don't want Democrats to "work with them." They want Democrats to do what Republicans want, or else. Edited to add: When Republican lawmakers threaten to murder people ("Send bachelors, well armed") does that reeeeeeeeally sound like they want to work with Democrats?
&gt; They have proven that they are bad faith actors by breaking their promise not to do this in exchange for **the concessions they already received.** THIS. Those concessions need to be revoked. Bring back the gun control legislation. Bring back the vaccination legislation. What other concessions were they given? They didn't live up to their end, so any concessions they received should be taken back.
&gt; but the stock market is breaking records every day. I'm dying to see what Bitcoin does when the stock market crashes. Will it take off even further, as people panic to get their money out of stocks and move it somewhere else?
GUARENTEED, major people around him desperately want him to attack Iran. Desperately.
Trump is probably sitting in a pool of orange spray-tan sweat as we speak, glued to Fox News, hoping to find out what he should do next.
A drone his own people probably sent into Iranian airspace hoping it would be shot down. Bolton wants war.
Planes were already in the air, headed to bomb Iran. Republican voters are so bloodthirsty, they're probably pissed he called it off at the last minute.
Let me guess. You own a Harmony Companion, and you're frustrated by how poorly the Home Control buttons are designed to work with Hue? If you have some abilities with code, Hue is the way to go for smart lights. The [Hue API](https://developers.meethue.com) is open and well documented. It's great! They make you sign up for an account, but it's free. I'm using the Hue API with my Harmony, but I bailed on the awful Companion remote and picked up a Smart Control remote instead (it's basically the Companion, minus the six orange Home Control buttons that are locked down and crippled by design, which explains why you can't assign them to Hue scenes, among other issues that remote has). Here's how I do it - and I'll preface this by saying I had most of this set up long before I bought a Harmony last year. 1. Scripts on my Mac to control the Hue API. 2. Hotkeys on my Mac to trigger the scripts. 3. A Flirc usb IR receiver for my Mac to trigger the hotkeys. 4. A custom device on Harmony for remote buttons to trigger Flirc for the hotkeys. I know that sounds complicated, but it's actually not. I set it up years ago to [repurpose an Apple remote to control my Hue](https://twenty200.com/?text=victor). Last year, I added Harmony into the mix and it's worked perfectly. First, I wrote Applescripts for my Mac to trigger all sorts of things using the Hue API (scenes, dimming, etc. I had a system for dimming before Hue added bri_inc into the API). I love having keyboard hotkeys to control my Hue. This is especially handy when watching video on my Mac. I have a Hue scene that dims certain lights so there's less glare. Next, I created hotkeys to trigger my Hue Applescripts (BetterTouchTool is awesome for this, but you can also do it using Mac keyboard prefs. Surely Windows has a way to do this too. On a Raspberry Pi, use the TriggerHappy daemon). I bought a Flirc usb IR receiver back in... 2013? Flirc is awesome. Flirc translates remote IR commands into hotkeys you set up. So... I taught Flirc which remote buttons trigger which Hue Applescripts. You could do the same thing with a PC or even a Raspberry Pi. In fact, a Raspberry Pi would be perfect. Yeah, it sounds complicated, but once it's set up, it works flawlessly. I've had this setup since 2013. When I bought a Harmony last year, it was easy to add into the mix. I just created a custom device for Flirc, and I added buttons to that device. Then, I added it to all of my activities. I don't have a purpose for the four red/green/yellow/blue buttons on my Harmony remote, so I assigned them to Flirc. Yellow triggers bright light (it's actually a toggle for two bright Hue scenes). Blue triggers softer light (again, it's a toggle for two softer Hue nighttime scenes). Yellow is for dimmer UP, and blue is for dimmer DOWN. Anyway... I realize this may be way more than the simple answer you were probably hoping for... but the truth of the matter is, the Hue API is the most flexible thing there is.
&gt; Yeah, he still has a window of time for military action through the 1973 War Powers Resolution, even without AUMF. THIS. Imagine if he hadn't chickened out. Imagine if he hadn't pooped his sweat-stained orange-spray-tanned twumpie pants and called it off. Imagine what would have happened next. Imagine what will happen when Bolton and Stephen Miller figure out that they can get him to follow through if they make sure they're the last ones to speak with him. Because that's all it takes. Be the last one to speak with him, and you're the one he listens to. But make sure he doesn't have a TV on, because the TV speaks to him too. That's what America is now. That's our president. Er... president*. Imagine what would have happened. Imagine what will happen next time.
John Bolton and Stephen Miller are throwing tantrums right now because darker skinned people weren't attacked tonight.
That's exactly what he was saying. He was saying, he's going to kill whatever state trooper comes to bring him back to the Oregon Senate, and he'd prefer to not leave a widow. And that is absolutely fucking dark, but that's what Republicans are now. There has been ZERO Republican backlash against what he said.
&gt; Cash App or Coinbase over Robinhood. Cash app? Can you explain?
&gt; It was confirmed Confirmed by WHO, exactly? Edited to add: I wonder if it was confirmed by the same people who told us Iraq had weapons of mass destruction. They even had maps. Remember? I feel so sorry for Colin Powell, allowing himself to be made into a fool as he presented that false "evidence" to the United Nations. Colin Powell was a great man whose credibility never recovered - nor should it.
Absolutely. But make no mistake - Colin Powell allowed himself to be used. That's why his reputation never recovered. It's the same reason why the so-called "adults in the room" at the Trump administration will never salvage their reputations either. It's one thing to be lied to. It's another to know you're being lied to but go along with the lie because you don't have what it takes to stand up in the moment of crisis and say No. Colin Powell allowed himself to be the fool. He knew better, but in the moment when his country (and the world) needed his leadership the most, he wasn't up to the task. Instead, he became just another Republican yes-man. Had Colin Powell never served under Dubya, he could have gone on to be president. Then again, based on how he handled that crisis, perhaps its best that he never did. When his country needed him the most, he wasn't up to the task. He sold us all out so he could remain a loyal Republican yes-man. I hope his failure of leadership haunts him to his grave, because it cost so many people their lives. That's on him.
&gt; “See, in my line of work you got to keep repeating things over and over and over again for the truth to sink in, to kind of catapult the propaganda.” &gt; ― George W. Bush Unbelievable as it may seem, that's a real quote.
Nancy, he'd already put planes in the air before calling off the attack. He'd already put planes in the air. When are you going to realize meaningless words are meaningless? You're not doing your job. You're not holding him accountable. You're not holding his administration accountable. You don't even have the courage to hold people who ignore congressional subpoenas in contempt. They're breaking laws and you're crafting meaningless statements we all know you won't back up with action. Sigh.
When this is all said and done, there's going to be a lot of WE TOLD YOU SO going around... because... this is what we told you would happen. Consider what happened last night. We don't have a Secretary Of Defense. Let that sink in. The Acting Secretary Of Defense resigned on Tuesday. Let that sink in. Last night, with no secretary of defense and only two days after his acting secretary of defense resigned in scandal, the president* (who we'd long ago warned you was incompetent) ordered an attack on Iran. He ordered planes in the air, en route to bomb Iran. The mission was underway before Trump changed his mind and called it off. If anyone is surprised by any of this, they must have been in a coma for the last three years, or perhaps stranded on a deserted island. None of this is surprising. We told you this would happen, and we warned you about other things that have yet to happen. Trump probably needs a war to prop up his reelection campaign. And even if he loses, he isn't going to step down. It's going to get worse.
&gt; So if the Harmony sets things and ignores the Hue app/ecosystem, does that mean the next time you turn on the lights using the harmony remote it defaults to the last "harmony brightness"? That I could live with Yes - but - it remembers a different brightness for each button based on the last time someone used it. That may seem like a benefit, but it leads to unpredictable results, especially if anyone else ever uses your remote, or if you do something different one night. Think of it this way. When you turn the volume of your TV up or down, the volume setting is remembered in the TV. But for some reason, when turning the brightness up or down on your lights, Harmony doesn't tell the lights to turn up or down, and Harmony doesn't use the settings the lights are at. It ignores them and, instead, uses whatever number the last person to touch the last button on your remote used. It's terrible design. I don't know if they only did this with Hue, or if they treat all smart devices this way, but it makes no sense because it often leads to unpredictable results when you use your remote.
And that has what to do with Nancy Pelosi?
Trump sent the military to the U.S. border to protect us from a phony caravan as a stunt for the 2018 mid terms, an election where his own name wasn't even on the ballot. It didn't work, and my guess is, the lesson he learned was that the stunt wasn't big enough - because that's how his mind works. To him, all of this is his reality TV show. Think about that. He ordered the military to the border for an election stunt when his own name wasn't even on the ballot. Imagine how far he'll go for his own reelection. Things are going to get much worse.
Exactly. He's also been talking a lot about how he deserves more time in office. He's talked about how he should be allowed more than 2 terms, and how he deserves an extra 2 years to make up for the time he's been being investigated, etc etc etc. &gt; And just imagine if he loses. I don't expect him to step down if he loses. People seem to have forgotten that in the final days of the 2016 election, he was saying "I will accept the results of the election... if I win."
That tiny battery wouldn't be powerful enough for remotes with screens. But it seems to be fine for screenless remotes like the Companion and the Smart Control.
You're right - but even if he knew it was a credit card, I'm not sure it would have made a difference. It's shocking how few people understand what credit cards are and how they work. People think that a credit card with a $10,000 limit means they get $10,000. Wow, and whoa. A credit card with a $10,000 limit means the bank that issued the card will give you a loan of up to $10,000. Every time you use the card, you take out a piece of the loan. Your balance is the balance on the loan. If you don't pay it off completely by the due date (usually within 30 days) big interest fees get added to the balance of what you owe, and it adds up fast. The banks don't phrase it that way, but that's what it is. Banks make so much money on credit card interest and fees that they give all kinds of rewards, sometimes even cash, if you'll use their card. But the rewards only work if you pay the entire balance off every month. I mean, really... it's pretty dumb to get excited about earning $50 in rewards after paying $150 in interest, but people do this all the time because they don't understand how credit cards work. Don't get me wrong - I pay for everything on credit cards. Everything. But I also pay my credit cards off completely every month, and I never spend more than I can pay off. That's the key.
I had a similar issue when setting up a streaming media player as a device. I solved it by making a fake Power button using an old remote from a device I don't even own anymore (a dead DVD player). So, Harmony thinks my streamer has a power button, but it doesn't. It's a silly workaround, but it worked for me. Find an old remote you don't use anymore. Use an irrelevant button as a power button. Teach it to Harmony.
The War In Iraq: $1.1 Trillion Dollars over phony weapons of mass destruction that didn't exist. Then they tried to insinuate a connection between Saddam Hussein and Osama Bin Laden, which also did not exist. $1.1 Trillion.
And we now have concentration camps on U.S. soil.
ABSOLUTELY. And the worst part is, Bernie *has* explained how he would pay for what he is proposing. Could you imagine if the U.S. had spent the trillions wasted on the war in Iraq to fund infrastructure, education and healthcare instead? Republicans can find endless sums of money for killing people in other countries, especially if they're not white, but they won't spend a dime to help Americans.
Any chance we can keep them hiding through the next election cycle?
This is one of my all time favorite movies. I saw it in an indie theater when it was first released, knowing nothing about it. It was a scorching hot summer day with temps over 100 F, and my then GF and I were looking for something to do, where there was AC. I don't remember what movie we were in line to get tickets for, but by the time we reached the window, it was sold out and we were willing to watch anything just to get out of the heat. "What movie starts next?" *"Memento."* "Two tickets." Just as the movie began, my GF got a call on her cell &amp; stepped out to take it. She came back maybe 5 minutes later and asked what she missed. I looked at her and said "I... I don't know." Goddamn. What a movie!
It sounds like you definitely need under-bed storage. I'd strongly recommend some sort of black boxes, because black will make them disappear in the shadow under the bed. I wish I had a link to the boxes I had years ago, but it was so long ago. Anyway... they weren't even boxes. They were containers with wheels at the back that were easy to roll out &amp; then back. For long term under-bed storage, any black boxes will do - or even just regular boxes, with the side facing out covered by a black sheet so it won't be noticed (or don't bother with the sheet if you don't care how it looks).
To be fair, the issue is Conservatives, not Republicans. Back then, the Republican party was liberal and the Democratic party was conservative. Between the late 1800s and the early 1900s, the two parties switched positions. If that seems like it can't be true, consider how the Republican party flipped from being anti-Russia to being pro-Russia. Don't be surprised at all if they're pro-North Korea too within a few years. Honestly, if Trump thought befriending Iran would help him get reelected, he'd have convinced Republicans to be BFFs with Tehran, just as they are with Moscow. Political parties are such strange things. They manage to convince people to support and even endorse things they know are wrong, just because so many people are followers and joiners. Republicans are literally justifying locking up children in concentration camps. Today, at a public hearing, a Republican was trying to explain how children don't need things like SOAP. Political parties make the sheep abandon their own sense of right and wrong. It's amazing. And it's sad.
How is it possible that a REPORTER didn't know Fox News peddled partisan misinformation before accepting a job there? It's not possible. That clown knew, and he was part of it.
No kidding. What year was it when he was down to his 3rd string QB, and still in the playoffs? And even starting his 3rd string QB, I still thought Arians had a chance to keep going. I've got nothing but respect and admiration for that man... but I'm glad he's out of the NFC West!
Didn't Nixon do something like that too, when he was running for president in '68?
Is it an Airbnb in Ladd?
Was this cat a Maine Coon? My ex had a Maine Coon who did the same thing, except, down a hallway. He would walk to her bedroom door, at the end of the hall. Then he'd turn around &amp; walk to the other end of the hall... and then he'd turn around again and CHAAAARGE!!! He'd run like hell and launch himself at the door, hitting it sideways, throwing it wide open. And he'd come walking in like nothing happened. I found this out at 3am, the first time I stayed over at her place. WHAM!!!! ...the door flies open. I jumped up, thinking somebody broke in. My ex just sat up and yelled at the cat, but the cat seemed quite pleased with himself. Maine Coons are brilliant and they're big. Hers was easily 15 pounds, maybe more, and strong. The reason I know the cat's technique was because I was taking care of her cats once when she was away, and I watched the fucker do it. I was sitting in the living room and he walked right by me, as if he had somewhere to be. I glanced over and watched as he walked down the hall, to her closed door, then turned around &amp; walked back, and then CHAAAAAARGE!!!!! JUMP!!!!! *WHAM!!!!!* The door flew open &amp; he calmly walked in to curl up on her bed for a nap.
Yeah, he was a hell of a character. My favorite thing about him was that he played fetch better than any dog I'd ever met. Apparently, that's a Maine Coon thing. But the best part wasn't just that he loved to play fetch. It was that he was a picky bastard. I'd grab a toy from his basket and throw it &amp; he'd go running after it. But more often than not, he'd fetch the toy and put it back in the basket, and then he'd pick the toy HE wanted to play fetch with. Anyway... Maine Coons are fascinating cats.
**[BetterTouchTool](https://folivora.ai)** - For custom hotkeys, custom trackpad swipes and clicks, and so much more. I cannot overstate how amazing BetterTouchTool is. Here are a few of the ways I use it. * Trackpad: 3 finger swipe left/right = go to the tab to the left or right 3 finger swipe up/down = go to the top or bottom of the page 3 finger click = open a new tab 4 finger click = close the current tab etc etc etc * Keyboard: I created hotkeys that trigger all kinds of stuff. For example, Command F1 through Command F4 trigger scenes on my Philips Hue lights. Command ESC turns my Hue lights off. Command 0 through Command 5 rate the current song 0 through 5 stars. Etc etc etc. BetterTouchTool is the first app I'd install on a new Mac. **[SuperDuper!](https://www.shirt-pocket.com/SuperDuper/SuperDuperDescription.html)** SuperDuper is backup software. External hard drives are so cheap these days. I have SuperDuper set up to automatically clone my Mac's hard drive and my external media drive every night while I'm asleep, and I have a weekly backup drive too. If a hard drive dies, I have a backup sitting there, ready to go. I won't need to reinstall anything or recover anything. I could just switch to the backup. **[Airfoil](https://rogueamoeba.com/airfoil/)** Airfoil is an awesome app for streaming audio from your Mac to other Airplay devices. I love that the developer (Rogue Amoeba) built in lots of Applescript into Airplay. That gave me the ability to write Applescripts and use BetterTouchTool to assign them to hotkeys. For example, I have Option F10 on my keyboard set up to switch the audio from my Mac to my entertainment center in the living room. EDIT: How could I forget Bartender? **[Bartender](https://www.macbartender.com)** Bartender makes it easy to hide and show menubar apps. I have around 15 icons in my Mac menu bar, but 95% of the time, I only need 4 of them. Bartender makes it easy to hide the rest behind a Bartender icon. Click the Bartender icon, the hidden menubar icons appear. Click it again, or click any other window, and the hidden icons disappear. Bartender cleans up the menubar in such a perfect way. It's a brilliantly simple app.
Or running towards something to eat while being chased by something trying to eat them. *AAAaAaAaaaaaAAaaaaAAAaaaaaaa!!!!!!!!!!*
This is fantastic. Thank you so much for sharing it.
[The future of code, as seen in 1992.](https://youtu.be/Gk-9Fd2mEnI?t=1696) &gt; "The code that's the fastest to write, the code that's the easiest to maintain, and the code that never breaks [is the code you don't write.](https://youtu.be/Gk-9Fd2mEnI?t=1719) So that's our strategy." It's funny how obvious this seems in 2019. But in 1992... dot dot dot...
&gt; So glad I purchased the lifetime license. I did that too! I don't even know what BTT costs these days, but whatever the price, it's a bargain. I think I started using it when it was still in beta (?) and I bought in before there was much of a pricing model. When he announced the lifetime license, I was thrilled to buy one - not just for the license, but also to support the developer. He seems like a hell of a nice guy, and BTT is fantastic. I use BTT Remote on iOS too. For me, the most amazing thing is 3 finger swipes left &amp; right to switch tabs, left &amp; right. After doing that for a while, it seems so obvious that I can't imagine why Apple didn't build it into the system prefs for the trackpad. Do most people click tabs to switch? Swipes are so fast and intuitive. I also use 4 finger swipe left to open/close Notification Center. Again, it seems so intuitive that it should be obvious. And I use 4 finger swipe right to open/close the sidebar. BTT is friggin' FANTASTIC.
...being chased by an even bigger fish!
Those free trials are such a great way to let people try your software. I've got nothing but love for you guys at Rogue Amoeba. and I recommend your apps without hesitation. I own Audio Hijack too, and I'm tempted to buy SoundSource 4 (I've used v2 for years). Yeah, the Applescript capabilities of Airfoil are a powerful tool. I use Applescript to have Airfoil switch the audio from playing on my Mac to streaming to my Raspberry Pi, and occasionally to switch the source of what's being streamed from iTunes to all system audio, etc. My Raspberry Pi has a Flirc usb IR receiver. I taught Flirc a bunch of remote control buttons which it turns into hotkeys that trigger scripts on the Pi... So... I can control iTunes from my Pi using a universal remote, and Airfoil is part of what makes it all work so easily &amp; seamlessly. Airfoil is FANTASTIC. Airfoil, Applescript &amp; a Flirc IR receiver makes for a killer combo.
That's like telling Al Capone he would go down in history as having done nothing about gun safety. Come on now. Melania wore a jacket that said "I really don't care, do you?" as she left the White House for a photo op with migrant children her orange hubs had locked in goddamn cages. How stupid do you have to be to not get the message that she really does not care. Ivanka, Melania, and Republican voters aren't worried about helping migrant children. They're worried they aren't harming enough of them. &gt; **["He’s not hurting the people he needs to be": a Trump voter says the quiet part out loud](https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2019/1/8/18173678/trump-shutdown-voter-florida)** &gt; "I voted for him, and he’s the one who’s doing this," Minton told Mazzei. "I thought he was going to do good things. He’s not hurting the people he needs to be hurting." &gt; He’s not hurting the people he needs to be hurting. &gt; This is what makes Trumpism work. This is the dark heart of our political moment. Even people who are tremendously vulnerable themselves, like Crystal Minton, support Trump because of his capacity to inflict pain on others they detest. The cruelty, as the Atlantic’s Adam Serwer says, is the point. The cruelty is the point. The bigotry is the point. And it is precisely what they want, because it is what they are.
He even looks like a Chad.
&gt; Virtually every post on the front page of that freshly quarantined subreddit is about just how against violence the far right is. I'm waiting for the MAGA crowd to start chanting *"Bigots' Lives Matter!"*
&gt; I know I did. Exactly. I wouldn't be surprised if that feature was created because of T_D. Serious question: Does a quarantine do anything other than require two clicks to reach the sub instead of one?
I disagree that Warren knocked it out of the park last night, but she did well. She looked good because the others looked so bad. That being said, she's my choice for the nomination at this point. I've always been a fan of hers and I think she'd make a fantastic president. I like Tulsi Gabbard a lot, but she isn't strong on the debate stage, which is surprising since she is such a strong person. She just seemed so stiff and scripted. She needs some serious coaching - and that's fine. She has a bright future, and her experiences during this race will serve her well, but I think she has zero chance of winning the nomination in 2020 (though, perhaps as VP?). Beto needs to drop out of the race and make a run for the senate. I like him a lot, and I'd really like to see him campaign for the Democratic nominee, but he's out of his league. I'm ready for Klobuchar to exit the race too. Who is Tim Ryan? Why do I care? The answer to both questions is NOPE. I was impressed by de Blasio, but I'm not voting for him.
That's just one tiny corner with a chair. Without a doubt, it looks great (though perhaps a bit too staged), but... where's the living room?
You're welcome! I'm always glad to rave about developers who rock, and you folks sure do.
Shitty meme. I hate seeing cruelty to animals.
&gt; It sounds like it would just give parties the incentive to pack as many of those appeals court seats as possible with ideological crusaders. Sadly, that is already a reality. Trump campaigned on it and has done it so publicly that the appointment of federal judges is now part of choosing a president. And the Christians who don't mind seeing children in cages and don't mind sexual assault made such an emphasis on voting specifically for this, even if it meant voting for a rapist and even if it meant voting for a Russian puppet, that it is now how presidential elections work. There's no putting the genie back in that bottle. SIDE NOTE: It's time to take away tax exempt status from churches.
Confirmed factual
&gt; The moderators took so long to ask a simple question. Like why does it take you 60 seconds to ask a question about gun control. What a waste of time The candidates answer questions that way too though. * Moderator: *Long winded rambling second setup followed by 10 second question.* * Candidate: *Long winded story about meeting Linda Sue in Waxahachie followed by a canned response about a question that wasn't even asked before shouting over the moderators since their time has expired as the actual question goes unanswered.*
Here's one example. Surely there are more. &gt; [In the 1992 video, Trump, who was 46 at the time, can be heard talking to a little girl](https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2016/10/12/13265670/trump-10-year-old-girl), asking her if she’s going to go up an escalator. After she says she is, Trump turns to the camera and says, "I am going to be dating her in 10 years. Can you believe it?" &gt; It’s unclear how old the girl is, but she’s a child. And already, Trump is objectifying her. &gt; This is part of a very long pattern for Trump.
&gt; At the end of the day...we all need to accept the candidate, reluctantly or not. Here's the problem with that. Reluctant acceptance has a lot to do with why Hillary lost (excluding Russian interference - but let's be honest, Russia will interfere again in every future election, especially 2020). We need a candidate who inspires passion, not reluctant acceptance.
Exactly. They don't even care about kids being locked in cages, and that's pure evil. EDIT: I can't believe I said they don't care about kids being locked in cages. They care a lot. In fact, they WANT those kids to suffer. They support it and they want more. &gt; **["He’s not hurting the people he needs to be": a Trump voter says the quiet part out loud](https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2019/1/8/18173678/trump-shutdown-voter-florida)** &gt; "I voted for him, and he’s the one who’s doing this," Minton told Mazzei. "I thought he was going to do good things. He’s not hurting the people he needs to be hurting." &gt; He’s not hurting the people he needs to be hurting. &gt; This is what makes Trumpism work. This is the dark heart of our political moment. Even people who are tremendously vulnerable themselves, like Crystal Minton, support Trump because of his capacity to inflict pain on others they detest. The cruelty, as the Atlantic’s Adam Serwer says, is the point. The cruelty is the point. And it is precisely what they want, because it is what they are.
Squee likes rapists who like white supremacists. Kavanaugh, for example. *...allegedly.*
For many, many, years, the fountain ran from March through the end of December. The water was usually only shut off during January and February, except for when dumbasses dump a few boxes of laundry soap in it to make the whole thing bubble over &amp; [it has to be shut down and cleaned up](https://www.oregonlive.com/multimedia/2016/04/time_to_do_your_laundry_at_the.html). File that under Reason #453729406123824 Why We Can't Have Nice Things.
NO! Not a plague on BOTH houses. You can't honestly be saying the people protesting white supremacists are as bad as the white supremacists. That's like saying the fire department is as bad as the arsonists.
&gt; Trying to get more aggressive and **bullish** It sounds like you don't actually understand what that term means.
I stepped in a pile of bullish at a rodeo in Texas.
OH HELL NO. A pile of bearish is worse than a pile of bullish.
Anybody got a link for that? I'm curious too.
Which is probably now a boy named Cletus.
Supercalifragilisticexpectingcuzyerpregnant
Republicans took the Supreme Court with two seats appointed by an illegitimate president. One of those two seats was stolen. The Supreme Court is no longer legitimate. All three branches of our government are broken, which explains how, in less than half of one presidential 4 year term, we went from arguing about affordable healthcare to having a Russian puppet president and having concentration camps on U.S. soil where children are locked in cages and denied even the most basic care, such as toothpaste and soap.
That's nothing compared to the cost of an ambulance ride &amp; hospital bill after a pillow fight.
And advertisers are fine with it. Advertisers don't mind associating their products with right wing hate speech that defends mass murder. It's sickening.
&gt; 65 seems to be the max for photostream (by looking at many different users) Scroll down to the bottom of the page and more photos load. After around 100 load, you'll see links to the next page for the photo stream where you'll find another 100 (you'll actually get links for pages 1 through 7 followed by "..." and then links to the last pages in the photo stream).
BetterTouchTool os exactly what you're looking for. With BetterTouchTool ("BTT" for short), you can reassign keys for all apps or just for specific apps, or reassign a key to have different functions for different apps. You can also assign whatever you want to clicks &amp; swipes, etc, on your trackpad, or mouse functions, or pretty much anything else. So, you can reassign the tilde key in your music app but have it function normally in other apps. You could also create some really useful trackpad swipes for your music app. BetterTouchTool is the first app I install on a new Mac. It's amazing.
&gt; How slowly do you need because I’ve been leaving about 1 min between each number and been getting to 0 quite regularly. Pausing a minute between numbers won't work. That's way too long. Breathe in. Short pause. Breathe out. 99. Breathe in. Short pause. Breathe out. 98. Breathe in. Short pause. Breathe out. 97. Breathe in. Short pause. Breathe out. 96. Don't think about the pace. Just relax. Breathe in. Take a short pause (like a second or two). Breathe out. Count. The idea is to use the counting as something to keep your mind occupied so it won't run wild with the thoughts that keep you awake. If you're having an especially hard time falling asleep, double up on the counting. Breathe in. Pause to count. Breathe out. Pause to count. Again, the pause should only be short. Your goal is to build up a nice steady rhythm without thinking about it. Good luck!
This comparison makes no sense. Mac OS is free. Linux is free. Hardware is not free for either operating system.
You like caged people?
Sure, but will he work well when it comes to Jerry's meddling? That's the challenge of coaching in Dallas.
Indeed. My first thought was that he could be trying to show other teams they need to compete if they want to hire him... in order to sweeten up potential deals. &gt; But hey, money talks I guess. As do other incentives.
Thank you for sharing that. Is it safe to assume the money came from a pro-Russia oligarch? Somebody needs to start reporting on which politicians take foreign money from whom. $1.5 million from a Ukrainian oligarch? That's just one example from one person. I wonder how much more money Rubio has gotten from foreign sources. That shouldn't be legal.
I don't think that's it. I think what's going on here is much more simple. Trump thinks anything anyone else does is wrong. Trump thinks anything he does is right - even if he does the same damn thing he said others were wrong for doing. Trump is a narcissist. Keep that in mind when you analyze what he says or does &amp; it all makes sense. It's all still wrong, but you'll understand why he thinks he's right. He's a narcissist.
We need more coverage on how many members of our military resigned recently. &gt; **[Chief of staff becomes sixth Pentagon official to quit within a month](https://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/us-politics/eric-chewning-pentagon-chief-of-staff-trump-mark-esper-soleimani-a9272801.html)** &gt; Move comes as top military officials 'stunned' by Donald Trump's decision to kill Qassem Soleimani That's just at the Pentagon. Just in the last month. Just as we are about to go to war in Iran because Cadet Bone Spurs needs a way to win reelection.
Exactly. I raised point #1: The issue of how many people in top military posts have resigned, including many quite recently. You bring up an important point #2: &gt; Considering how many defense/security posts **at the top are empty** And point #3: &gt; Trump's strained relationship with intelligence Following your line of thought... along his strained relationship with our intelligence agencies, it would be interesting to see some reporting on specific top officials Trump has strained relationships with, and what their differences are. Seriously, somebody in the media needs to be reporting on all of this in the context of a war with Iran.
C'mon, Redditors, we need to do a better job of downvoting Russian propaganda like this.
Link? Never mind. [Found it.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FKHUEjfg1dw&amp;feature=share)
No worries. I found it and I'm glad. I wouldn't have if you hadn't mentioned it, so props to you.
How is it possible that nobody is talking about the president slurring his words while delivering a national address? The man is not well.
&gt; My grandma thinks he has a respiratory issue though. If you're referring to the sniffles, I don't think that's it. Watch any speech or interview he gives. Note where the sniffles happen. They always follow something he thinks is important. Always. The sniffles are a tick. They're his subconscious way of feeding his ego, telling himself he's smart or powerful. He's probably not even aware that he does it. There's always a sniff at a point where he finishes saying something particularly important to him.
&gt; both sides are finally saying it out loud. This matters though. It matters a lot and it needs to happen more often. We all need to call it out for what it is so that voters are forced to face their bigotry, even if they still side with bigotry in the end. The days of "I voted for tax cuts" need to end. They voted for white supremacy, and they're standing by Trump even as he puts our nation at risk again and again. They're still standing by Trump because, to them, nothing matters more than white supremacy. They won't say it, but that's what they're fighting for.
Amy Klobuchar has been [voting for Trump's judge nominees](https://www.thedailybeast.com/amy-klobuchar-keeps-voting-for-trumps-horrific-judges). She needs to drop out of the race. &gt; Over the course of the 2017-2018 congressional session, Klobuchar voted to confirm nearly two-thirds of Trump’s judicial nominees that came up for a vote, far outpacing every other Democratic senator currently seeking the nomination. Go away, Amy.
It's been like that for a long time. Dubya is the perfect example.
Today was all about the purple people beaters.
Trump's people have already done that and gotten away with it, though they used different wording. Has our country ever faced a situation where the president is a criminal and a majority in the senate backs his criminality?
&gt; CNN is reality TV masquerading as a news organization. CNN is terrible by design because they misunderstand their place. MSNBC is left wing. Fox is on the far right. CNN's execs think their network needs to be down the middle. They accomplish this by presenting both sides, and they're dead wrong in doing so. CNN would report arson by setting up a panel with firefighters on one side and the arsonist on the other, as if both sides are equally valid. They would interview the family whose house was burned down, and then they would counter that by asking "Couldn't it be said that you now have more time to spend outdoors now that you've been lifted of the burden of living under a roof?" Here's how it should work: MSNBC is left wing. Fox is on the far right. CNN should be the network of facts. Period. If the facts for a particular story please the left more than the right, so bet it. If the facts make the right happier than the left, so be it. No balance. No spin. No lies. The truth should be CNN's north star. Instead, CNN is the network that guarantees the truth is no more valid than a lie, and CNN will go out of their way to give 50% of their airtime to airing lies as if they're just as valid as facts. The worst part about CNN is that it's fixable. It's so easily fixable, but they won't do it because they can't see past the idea that truth and lies are equally valid.
When the local moderator asked mayor Pete why he didn't want to pay for the college education of millionaires and billionaires... my jaw dropped. What an awful "debate." They kept asking complex questions while cutting off responses after 30 seconds. I'm glad the number of candidates in these debates is getting whittled down. But it's time to cut down the number of networks doing them. CNN is terrible. I wish PBS was moderating the debates.
&gt; Anecdotally, My employer pays for my healthcare right now, so there would be a price increase for me via taxation. You do realize your employer actually cuts the amount of money you would be paid in order to cover the cost of healthcare, right? Your employer has an annual budget for your position, but they pay you less than that in order to cover the costs of anything else they "offer" you. If your employer has a budget for your position set at $75K per year (for example), you do realize you're not getting paid anywhere near $75K, right? Saying "My employer pays for my healthcare" means you don't understand how much money they allocate for you that doesn't actually go to you.
You're making the same mistake CNN does: you think facts have to be dry. Let's use Anderson Cooper's show as an example. Instead of wasting time with nonsense guests like Rick Santorum who are only there to lie, he could use that time to bring in a panelist who has something to add to the discussion. Or, imagine if the panel actually held someone like Rick Santorum accountable? Imagine if they truly challenged the nonsense Santorum spews? Or use Wolf Monotone Blitzer as an example. How often does he ask questions he and we already have the answers to? It's politics. He brings in a left winger, a right winger, and he lobs softball questions to get canned responses. "Trump good! Obama bad!" "Trump wrong! Pelosi right!" It's all such nonsense. Imagine if, instead, he did some goddamn journalism?
Receiver literally means *thing that receives.* The Harmony Hub is an IR transmitter. It's an IR sender. Your TV is an IR receiver. Your TV is the thing that receives IR commands. Here's the good news: If you have something blocking your TV from receiving IR commands easily, you can try using one of the small [IR blasters](https://i.ebayimg.com/images/g/ENsAAOSwGZVdCXT9/s-l640.jpg) that plug in to the back of the Harmony hub. The benefit of using an IR blaster is that it's a tiny thing you can try positioning in various places until you find something that works for your TV. You might even try some wacky things, like putting the Harmony hub's IR blaster behind your TV to see if that works (it probably won't, but there's always a chance that the IR receiver inside your TV is positioned in a way that can be reached from a few odd angles). Try using an IR blaster at various angles. I'd be surprised if you don't find something that works.
Do I even need to click it to confirm it's a Republican? (...click...) &gt; Republican Rep. John Green of Post Falls was convicted Wednesday. ...of course it's a Republican.
The reason I'm such a big fan of having a Raspberry Pi with a Flirc IR receiver is that it means I can add any script into Harmony as a button or a command for part of a Harmony sequence, etc. Once you do that, you'll realize how much more you can customize your home automation. One easy example: I have a Blink1 LED that shows which activity Harmony is in. Red means "Listen To Music," green means music is streaming from my Mac, blue means Watch TV... etc. I also added my Belkin Wemos which aren't compatible with Harmony, but I added one of them using scripts that do other things (the Wemo controls my desk lamps. If I turn them off with my Harmony remote it means I'm away from my desk, so put my Mac's Monitor to sleep too).
&gt; But I'm so new to this stuff does the Hub have IR blaster and does the remote communicate with the hub using RF or* IR? The Harmony Hub has an IR blaster (god, I hate that term. It's so dumb. It's actually an IR transmitter, but "blaster" sounds better for the Walmart crowd I guess). The Harmony Hub has an IR blaster, but the Harmony remotes communicate with the Hub using RF. It's a slick system. Harmony remotes don't need line of sight - and if the hub doesn't have line of sight with some or all of your gear, you can plug in one or two extra extended IR blasters to your hub. For example, my Harmony hub's IR blaster manages to communicate perfectly with all of my gear except my DVD player, so I attached an external IR blaster to my Harmony hub (hubs usually come with at least 1). I positioned the external IR blaster in a way that works with my DVD player. Perfect. For each device in Harmony, you can choose which IR blaster controls it (in the device settings).
&gt; Do I need to use the IR blasters, or, should everything work fine with out it?? Everything should work perfectly without the IR blasters. The hub has an IR blaster, the Elite remote also has an IR blaster, and there are two small external IR blasters you can connect to the back of the hub if you want to use them. Think of the extra IR blasters as options for future flexibility. You might never need them, but they're a great option just in case.
The OP has a Nano S, not a Nano X.
Wow. She's less popular than [human candidate Ted Cruz](https://www.tedcruzforhumanpresident.com), who by the way, [is only one being and not several](https://www.tedcruzforhumanpresident.com/#what-they-say).
Holy moly, what a great idea! Thanks for posting that.
tell application "iTunes" Start by changing application "iTunes" to application "Music" tell application "Music" Does that solve it for you? That was the main issue for me when updating to Catalina. I had a ton of Applescripts that I had to edit to remove the name "iTunes" and swap it out for "Music" since the app isn't named iTunes anymore.
Here's a chunk of an applescript I'm using. I set the variables to "" first, in case any are empty (such as an album title being missing, for example). "Grouping" is a field in iTunes (now Music) that I use for tags. I'm a HUGE fan of tagging my music. Anyway... this works for me in Catalina. set my_rating to "" set the_artist to "" set the_album to "" set the_grouping to "" tell application "Music" try if (count artworks of current track) ≥ 1 then tell artwork 1 of current track set srcBytes to raw data -- figure out the proper file extension if format is «class PNG » then set ext to ".png" else set ext to ".jpg" end if end tell set fileName to ((("Macintosh HD:Users:MY_NAME:Applescripts:Music:info:current_song_") as text) &amp; "cover" &amp; ext) set outFile to open for access file fileName with write permission -- write to file set eof outFile to 0 -- truncate the file write srcBytes to outFile -- write the image bytes to the file close access outFile end if set my_rating to (get rating of current track) set the_artist to (get artist of current track) set the_album to (get album of current track) set the_grouping to (get grouping of current track) end try end tell if my_rating = 0 then set my_rating to "" if my_rating = 20 then set my_rating to "✫" if my_rating = 40 then set my_rating to "✫✫" if my_rating = 60 then set my_rating to "✫✫✫" if my_rating = 80 then set my_rating to "✫✫✫✫" if my_rating = 100 then set my_rating to "✫✫✫✫✫"
&gt; He is SUCH a fucking ~~tool~~ **CRIMINAL** Fixed.
I will never understand why they cast someone who looks nothing like Steve Jobs and sounds nothing like Steve Jobs to play the role of Steve Jobs. It's not like the role wasn't important. The movie is named Steve Jobs.
Amy Klobuchar??? Warren makes sense. Klobuchar, on the other hand, has zero chance of getting the nomination, and her management style would make her a terrible president. Elizabeth Warren is a badass. Klobuchar's just bad. She's not as bad as Trump, but only a fool would judge how good something is based on how bad it isn't.
I doubt Alito was wrong. He probably lied about his reasons for supporting it. Citizens United is everything the American oligarch party could ever want, short of Trump legalizing bribery. And that's next.
&gt; If I understand correctly, I should remove any configuration I have done through Hue app before configuring things in Home Assistant? To be honest, I don't know, but I *assume* so. That's what I did. I removed any configuration for my Hue dimmer switch in the Hue app before setting it up in Home Assistant. &gt; I'm looking into setting this up myself. I highly recommend it! My experience with using a Hue Dimmer Switch with Home Assistant has been flawless.
Ooooooh, I can save an extra SEVEN CENTS a month if I sign up for two years even though the frigging CEO gave plenty of reasons to doubt Flickr will exist two years from now, before he tried to walk it back of course. I'm seriously thinking it may be time to bail. The only thing keeping me on Flickr is the Flickr API, which I use to display my Flickr photos on my own website. It may be time for me to figure out if I can just roll my own. I have more than enough webspace to house my photos. I just need to teach myself some database voodoo.
In the last few years, Flickr Pro has gone from $45 for 2 years to $60 for 1 year. EDIT: Downvote if you like, but facts are facts. Flickr Pro used to cost $24.95 per year, or $44.95 for 2 years. Now, it's up to $59.99 for a year, or $117.99 for two years... and it'll probably go up again next year. Has Flickr Pro improved over the past few years? They've cut back what they offer free members, and that's fair. But they're not offering Pro members much more even though they've more than doubled the price on us.
&gt; Minimal innovation THIS! Remember when the Flickr "camera finder" was new and innovative? It was an awesome feature when it was introduced. Let's say you were interested in buying a camera. You could go to Flickr's camera finder and find more info about it. You could easily browse pictures taken with that camera. Why the hell wasn't that developed into a major feature? Has it even been developed or improved over the past decade? There are so many amazing things Flickr could be doing. [Here's a post](https://www.flickr.com/groups/309584@N24/discuss/72157605814689429/) from twelve freaking years ago asking for a Flickr Lens Finder. Never happened. Why not? There are stats and links for lenses already, not to mention forums ("groups"). There's been so little innovation over the past decade. &gt; much fewer members and less activity Exactly. And the worst part is, it's by design. Flickr started deemphasizing their forums a few years ago. The forums were called Groups. They still exist, but barely. Flickr used to be so much more than a place to post photos. It was a place for communities of photographers. If you were traveling, you could easily find forum of photographers in that city. Got a new camera? You could find a forum of photographers for that system. Is your interest in birds? Architecture? Black &amp; White? Abstracts? Pinhole? Name something and there was a forum for it, if not a slew of subforums too. Flickr meetups were a common thing a decade ago. In my city, there were monthly meetups, plus night photography meetups, photo walk meetups. That all died when Flickr redesigned the site, deemphasizing the forums. As the forums died, a reason for going to Flickr died too. Each time Flickr gave users less of a reason to visit the site, they gave Pro subscribers users less value for their money. Even if Flickr manages to get page views these days, overall participation levels on the site are waaaaaaaaaaay down. The only thing that kept me on Flickr over the past few years was that my own website utilizes the Flickr API (and don't even get me started on how little the API has been improved over the past decade. You can go into the Flickr "Organizr" and arrange an album's order Randomly. Can you trigger that using the API? Nope). Flickr's problems are fixable, but they refuse to even acknowledge what their problems are.
Is there a law against lying in an impeachment trial?
If the senate's impeachment trial has no witnesses, the house should impeach the bastard again. It's not like there's a lack of crimes for a second impeachment.
It wasn't a speech, dammit. Schiff was presenting the case for why the president of the United States deserves to be removed from office by the senate. This entire senate trial is a joke. Multiple Republican senators, including the majority leader, have said on video that they are not impartial jurors, which means they committed to violating the oath they took before even taking the oath. Many of them committed a crime the moment they signed that document. Multiple senators have been caught using electronic devices (mostly Apple Watches) during the proceedings even though that is illegal. And now we find out that more than 1/3 of Republican senators left the room during Schiff's testimony. This trial is a joke. Republicans are selling out our country to the Russians, presumably for their party's political interest. That should be considered treason. Because it IS treason. EDIT: Somebody replied with a comment about how many Americans don't even bother to vote. I tried to reply back, but you deleted your comment before I finished typing, so I'll add my reply here: I agree 100,000%. It's pathetic how many of our fellow citizens don't bother to vote. Republicans are doing everything they can to make it harder to vote, and people are like "Eh, whatevs. I don't vote anyway." Millions are being purged from voter rolls from state to state, and nobody cares. TO ANYBODY WHO READS THIS: **[Register to vote](https://www.vote.org/), dammit. Just fucking do it.** **If you think you're already registered, [CHECK TO BE SURE](https://www.vote.org/am-i-registered-to-vote/).** And put it in your calendar to check again this summer, so you'll still have time to register again if those bastards try to purge your name from the rolls. I expect tens of millions of voters to be purged from the rolls this year in order to try to prevent them from voting. This will probably be the ugliest election in American history. You need to check your registration this summer, and check again in the fall. You need to encourage your friends and family to do that too. Don't let them take away your right to vote.
The problem is, too many of the people making their voices heard by spreading hashtags are too god damn lazy to vote. It's shocking how many of our fellow citizens don't vote - or even bother to register to vote. We have to stop making excuses for low voter turnout and, instead, start holding our families, friends and neighbors accountable for their mother fucking laziness. There is no excuse. Register to vote. Put it in your calendar. Get it done by the end of next week. Check your registration this summer. You shouldn't have to, but Republicans are working hard to purge tens of millions of voters off the rolls, because voter suppression is the only way they can win. So check to make sure you're still registered. Just do it. Vote in November. No excuses. DO IT.
&gt; only a few states matter. You're assuming people in the rest of the states turn out. I live in a supposedly blue state, but in reality, it's nearly evenly split between very blue and very red. It wouldn't take much for my state to swing red. And there are other states where it wouldn't take much to turn them blue, which is why Republicans rely on fraud such as gerrymandering and cutting people off the voter rolls to stay in power.
Age 18 to 29 voter turnout in 2018 was only 36%. If they support removing Trump from office, they should vote. Most of them won't. Watch and see. If I had my way, election day would be a federal holiday and voting would be required. For those who don't support any candidate, they'd be free to write in someone else or simply write "I abstain." But everyone should be required to vote. I love my country dearly, but god damn, so many of my fellow citizens are lazy.
I can't believe how far down I had to scroll to find this one. Seth Meyers "Lobby Baby" is hilarious.
Are we sure "Take her out" meant "Fire her"? Trump acts like a mobster. I won't be surprised at all if (when?) we start learning that he's tried to have people killed. Would that really be unexpected from him? Would people honestly be surprised?
The first half of the Pro Bowl is usually more like flag football. The second half is when players start to... y'know... actually play football.
It's not about having to delete it. I don't want the nuisance of being notified about things that don't matter. Nuisance texts make it more likely a user will accidentally ignore messages that DO matter.
If the only texts you get from a number are irrelevant, it doesn't matter who that person is or what that company is. You'll learn to ignore them. I guarantee you already do this without even realizing it - maybe with a coworker or an ex or some other company. Maybe even with Mint Mobile. If every single time X contacts you, it's irrelevant, you learn to ignore X. It not about frying my attention span. It's about irrelevant texts. Sure, it's only one a month, but it's always irrelevant so I ignore them, which means I ignore everything from Mint Mobile, which means if anything important actually comes from Mint Mobile I will miss it.
&gt; No, I don't just ignore them. Come on. I'm sure there has been someone in your life - or some company - that only contacted you when they wanted something, or with nonsense, and you learned to ignore them (even if you didn't realize it. In fact, I'm guessing this is the case). Everybody experiences this. Everyone.
I probably could. For now, I've set them on Do Not Disturb. I was just hoping to not have to ignore them in case they ever send a message that matters.
I've been with Mint Mobile since before the company was named Mint Mobile. In the last 2.5 years, I've never received a single text from them that wasn't spam. So, yeah, I ignore them all. What I'd prefer is that they only text me with important info, not spam.
Is Dershowitz really proposing an "If the shoe were on the other foot" test? The guy who argued FOR impeachment when the shoe was on the other foot? Wow. Shameless.
I waited until early this month before updating to Catalina, but it was smooth sailing for me. The only issues I had were two things I already knew about: No more 32 bit apps, and I'd have to update my Applescripts for iTunes (because the app is now called Music. I literally just had to change the word iTunes to Music in my applescripts). I'm a long time Mac user, dating back to the days of System 7. Updates have been getting smoother and smoother each year. Even just looking back on the days of Panther &amp; Tiger, updates are so much smoother now.
HA! Yeah, I know what you mean. That's why I'm thinking about writing a script to automatically delete anything from Mint Mobile that contains any of those stupid Mint phrases. You know the ones. &gt; "Did someone say fresh 4G LTE?" Delete. &gt; "It's a new month and you've got a full tank of your monthly 4G LTE data" Delete. I could just block or automatically delete anything from that number, but I'd like to receive texts from them that aren't spam... just in case they actually someday send a message that isn't spam. Honestly, if they'd stop sending me irrelevant nonsense spam texts I'd probably be a customer for life. I'm happy with the service, except for the stupid monthly spam. But I have a reminder set for a month before my year's worth of Mint Mobile is up to see if I can find a better deal somewhere else - or an equal deal without the spam.
That headline again: *CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for stating the obvious.*
Here's a tip for your Apple TV. If you're having any issues, delete it and then add it using these settings: Manufacturer: Harmony Pro Model Number: BT Apple TV 4 (or maybe "BT Apple TV 4K" My Apple TV is a gen 4 but not 4K) I have no clue why Logitech added Apple TV to their database as Harmony Pro instead of as Apple TV, but adding it the way I described here gives you bluetooth control instead of IR, including more functions than I could get when adding it using IR. The Apple TV buttons and functions are instantly added to your Harmony hub and it works perfectly. I found this setup to be much better than when I'd first added my Apple TV as manufacturer "Apple".
&gt; I would be happy if trials replaced the next NFL season Bring on The Stuporbowl and I'm in.
And it would guarantee Virginia stays blue.
&gt; I would like to know what the Stuporbowl entails. Trump VS Trump. Dershowitz VS Dershowitz. Ken Starr VS Ken Starr. Lindsey Graham VS Lindsey Graham. Moscow Mitch VS Moscow Mitch. Use their pre-2016 statements to debate their Trump Trial statements. What I'd really like to see is Jon Stewart and Trump do a Frost/Nixon style debate. Stewart would level him.
Do I even need to click the article to confirm that it's a Republican? *...click...* &gt; Shea, a Republican from Spokane Valley Of course. &gt; An email purportedly written by Shea the following day states that the “Feds will likely start with small things escalating to a full blown violent retaking of the refuge.” And in typical Republican fashion, this terrorist-wannabe was working against the United States, not with The United States. &gt; The investigation report also delved into documents allegedly distributed by Shea, including guidelines for conducting holy war, dubbed “Biblical Basis for War.” That document included instructions such as, **“If they do not yield — kill all males.”**
It took Trump &amp; Co less than 24 hours to announce the ultimate Shiny Thing impeachment trial distraction, then reach for a grenade, pull the pin and eat it.
The Harmony app's UI is pretty bad. Saying it's laggy is being kind, and the menus are a mess. That being said, the hub is fantastic, and the system as a whole is fantastic. Once you set everything up, you won't need the app anymore, and the response from the remote is snappy unless you're using a remote like the Elite, which has a touch screen. The Elite's screen feels very low tech compared to any modern smartphone's screen. I'm a huge fan of the Harmony "Smart Control" remote. It's basically the Companion remote, minus the six locked-down Home Control buttons. In my experience, once you've got everything set up how you want it, Harmony runs flawlessly. But setup is one heck of a hassle. Then again, in my experience, setup of any universal remote is either a hassle or it's so locked down to make setup automatic that it's of limited use to anyone who wants anything custom. If you paid more than $100, take it back. Look for a Harmony Hub with Smart Control combo. It's the same hub, the same Harmony, the only difference is it lacks the six Home Control buttons on the Companion remote which are locked down and crippled anyway.
Can we send Republicans to Mexico to hold up the wall?
It's the Ruby Slippers defense. Just click your heels and believe! Just click your heels and believe! Just click your heels and deceive.
Fantastical 3 on the Mac looks and feels clunky compared to Fantastical 2. Calendar scrolling is jittery &amp; clunky now. They removed the bar where you enter text in the menubar app. You click in the empty space now. Sometimes there's a cursor mark there, sometimes there isn't. And there's always a tab at the top as a nag to get you to pay $40 a year. Meh. I'm ready to move on. A better option would have been for Flexbits to keep selling Fantastical as a fully functional set of apps, and then sell extra features individually. For example, I'd gladly pay for the ability to use an applescript as an alarm. But they want us to pay again and again regardless of whether or not they add features worth paying for. Their theory is, when you can't get new customers, double, triple &amp; quadruple charge the customers who already paid. More and more apps want to be paid yearly or even monthly whether or not they're adding more features. If Fantastical 3 is a huge upgrade, sell it as an upgrade. But they want to charge annually whether they add upgrades or not. No thanks.
It looks like Lamar just announced that he will NOT vote for having more witnesses. The trial is a sham. Republicans are going to acquit Trump immediately.
I'm hoping to find a replacement for Fantastical for the Mac.
It says the post was removed. What's your pick instead?
Alexander says "I'm old. I'll be dead in a few years anyway. Fuck the country. Let it burn."
Perhaps. I didn't see it - but I wouldn't be surprised. Today is day 6 of protests that have spread nationwide, leading to riots in city after city. During that time, Trump took two cross country trips from D.C. to Florida for a chance to watch a rocket launch. That is inexcusable. It's worse than inexcusable.
&gt; Shouldn't it be able to function anyways? Sure. One reason to check your Nano every now and then is just to make sure it works. Granted, there's no reason to think it wouldn't work, but still... if you value your coins, it just make sense to make sure your wallet is in working order, especially if you plan to HODL long term. Let's say you plan to HODL for a decade. Do you really want to pull out your Nano for the first time in a decade and find out it won't turn on? And who knows how far out of date your firmware would be by then. It could be hard to update the firmware if you're years out of date - or not. Who knows. I only recommended every six months because it's easy to create a repeating reminder. I check mine every three months just for the heck of it. I plug it in to make sure it works and see if it needs a firmware update. It only takes a minute.
&gt; If President Xi would meet directly and personally with the protesters, there would be a happy and enlightened ending to the Hong Kong problem. I have no doubt! &gt; --Trump, A.K.A. Cadet Bone Spurs, [Aug 14, 2019](https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1162002141172633600) There's a tweet that didn't age well, did it?
"Has anything changed?" Here's what's changed: Republicans put a white supremacist in the white house, and that white supremacist fired the director of the FBI.
You might have to go through some hoops if the current update (in 2022, for example) requires a version of the firmware you haven't updated to yet since your firmware would be a few years out of date. I guess it doesn't matter if you only have a few Sats on it. To me, it just makes sense to remind yourself to check the device every now and then.
&gt; A South Dakota lawmaker **on Monday** said businesses should be able to turn away customers based on race. On Monday. The jackass didn't say this years ago. Granted, it would still be awful and disgraceful if he said it years ago... but the motherfucker said it on Monday. EDIT: I missed the date in the article. It's from 2018. Still, there is no excuse for bigotry, and holy hell is this casual yet blatant bigotry! The casualness of his comment is the worst part. He was making an excuse for bigotry against gays and he was like "Oh hell yeah, and how 'bout bigotry for blacks too? Sho nuff. Why not?" Fuck that. &gt; "He should have the opportunity to run his business the way he wants," Clark wrote. "If he wants to turn away people of color, then that('s) his choice." He supported bigotry. He needs to resign. Period.
Oops. I missed that. I stand by my comment though. He needs to resign. There should be no place for racism nor tolerance for racism in government.
Thanks!!! I appreciate the info.
If I worked for Biden's campaign, I would encourage Joe to give a formal address to the nation. Joe should lay out a plan for police reform and government reform. Don't even mention Trump's name. Trump is irrelevant at this point. Don't mention the election until the very end of the address, when Joe should say something along the lines of "If I am elected to serve as your next president, I will put this plan in action on my first day in office, January 20th."
&gt; This is an extremely dangerous moment. Absolutely. This is the sort of action that could lead to the end of America. Once the government sends the military to face off against its own citizens... there's no turning back.
[Here's a source your your quote](https://books.google.com/books?id=ZUmSDwAAQBAJ&amp;pg=PT11&amp;lpg=PT11&amp;dq=when+the+country+goes+to+total+hell,+and+everything+is+a+disaster,+then+you’ll+have+riots+to+go+back+to+where+we+used+to+be,+when+we+were+great.&amp;source=bl&amp;ots=UMTig7xpvN&amp;sig=ACfU3U2MNah8n1M40uxmk23_jmWN_YFEaQ&amp;hl=en&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=2ahUKEwi-5d3gp-LpAhXWHzQIHWCnCPEQ6AEwAXoECDIQAQ#v=onepage&amp;q=when%20the%20country%20goes%20to%20total%20hell%2C%20and%20everything%20is%20a%20disaster%2C%20then%20you’ll%20have%20riots%20to%20go%20back%20to%20where%20we%20used%20to%20be%2C%20when%20we%20were%20great.&amp;f=false), in case anyone doesn't believe it. It's from a book called *Hiding in Plain Sight: The Invention of Donald Trump and the Erosion of America* by Sarah Kendzior
Paging Susan Collins... Paging Susan Collins... Does she still think Trump learned his lesson? It looks like he learned that force and violence will keep him in power. &gt; "When the students poured into Tiananmen Square, the Chinese government almost blew it. Then they were vicious, they were horrible, but they put it down with strength. That shows you the power of strength. Our country is right now perceived as weak." &gt; -Donald Trump, Playboy Magazine, **1990**
They absolutely did. Back in the 1800s, when they were the liberal party. Never forget that our political parties flipped positions in the Roosevelt era.
&gt; The world watches America burn **because blacks want to be treated like human beings** The Pledge Of Allegiance ends with the words "liberty and justice for all." For all.
Wow. Are you serious?
It's time for impeaches! Impeaches for he!
I want to see his name taken down permanently from Trump Tower Chicago. It's heartbreaking seeing his name so prominently along that beautiful river in the heart of the city.
Well done! Seriously though... could you imagine if they covered one of their own songs for the moment? Lump seems easy enough: ------ Trump sat alone in his bunker dark tweeting out his rage, hasn't got any heart swamp flowed out from his baggy pants he's on twitter again with his racist rants He's Trump! He's Trump! With a spray tanned head He's Trump! He's Trump! And now democracy's dead Trump lingered last in line for brains and the ones he got were sort of rotten and insane Small hands, small mind, big turds did land from the bible stunt that he stupidly planned He's Trump! He's Trump! With his racist friends He's Trump! He's Trump! It's how democracy ends Is this Trump outta his head? I think so!!! Is this Trump outta his head? I think so!!! Is this Trump outta his head? I think so!!! Is this Trump outta his head? !!!
Sadly, what The Washington Post doesn't understand is that Trump voters see photo ops and stunts, and they cheer because they support Trump's bigotry. Focus on the bigger story. Yeah, Trump is a coward who talks tough, but he gets away with it because he still has over 40% of the nation supporting him. **Over 40% of Americans support bigotry.** I'll be the first to admit that, as a white guy, I had no idea racism in the U.S. was this bad. I knew it was bad, but I had no idea it was this bad. I'm so ashamed of so many of my fellow citizens.
Hopefully, the attack was mini, not the heart. &gt; Glad you voted! +1
Out with the old bigot, in with the new bigot. Come on, Iowa. You deserve better, but you won't get anyone better until you demand better at the ballot box. Stop choosing these clowns.
&gt; Steve King, A Racist, Lost His Iowa Primary **To Another Racist** FIXED
I wish people would turn these protests into massive voter registration drives. We need to get voter turnout much higher. We need to vote the racist bastards out.
He did. His ghost now roams the countryside committing acts of pedophilia. I know that is true. I read it on Facebook.
It breaks my heart to say this, but... you have a point. 40% of the country still supports Trump. That clearly shows The U.S. is far more racist than many of us realized. I will sadly admit, I knew it was bad, but I didn't realize it was THIS bad. 40% of the country. God damn.
...spray tan together?
If Trump sends the military to face off against their fellow US citizens, people need to start chanting "*JOIN US! JOIN US! JOIN US!*"
Agent Orange was inspecting his browned undies.
[Unmarked unidentified militia are patrolling D.C.](https://twitter.com/VeraMBergen/status/1267966120662896642?fbclid=IwAR3Lz5_RtGQtTnmaNJQH0DZmHiya7_4RPqFKtIYxwTOINjkBa8r2oJs4Eeo) How is it possible this isn't a major news story today??? One of the pictures was taken by Martha Raddatz of ABC News, so it's not as if the media is unaware. [This photo](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EZi4dX0X0AIQSGr?format=jpg&amp;name=large) of masked militia guarding the Lincoln Memorial is horrifying. This is the sort of tactic Putin used in Crimea. It's not something we've ever seen in America. What's going on? I can't help wondering if it's a trial run for what Trump will do to stay in power if he loses the election.
Can you even imagine Trump's fury right now? Nothing angers him more than Barack Obama, but the fact that Obama made him look irrelevant has to make him even more furious.
Drew, don't be ignorant. The kneeling protests actually show respect for the flag. The Pledge Of Allegiance ends with the words "liberty and justice for all." That's what the kneeling protests are about - getting liberty and justice *for all.* Us white guys already have that. Minorities in America don't. Edited to add: I'm a huge Drew Brees fan, but he's wrong. I'm with Malcolm Jenkins on this one.
This does NOT include the mystery troops [seen by Martha Raddatz of ABC News](https://twitter.com/VeraMBergen/status/1267966120662896642?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw%7Ctwcamp%5Etweetembed%7Ctwterm%5E1267966120662896642&amp;ref_url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.dailykos.com%2Fstory%2F2020%2F6%2F3%2F1950181%2F-Unmarked-unidentified-armed-militia-now-patrolling-Washington-D-C) who are wearing military style gear with no identification or insignia &amp; concealing their faces. &gt; **[Unmarked, unidentified armed militia now patrolling Washington, D.C.](https://www.dailykos.com/stories/1950181?fbclid=IwAR2NMs3Od3TqT9N8LcyHa7gEytaz1F6PFvHxYWIjYFLj-6E25jCQSHvk-SU)** &gt; The militia members, likely numbering in the hundreds if not thousands, have been photographed guarding the steps of the Lincoln Memorial and on Wednesday were seen forming a perimeter outside the White House, as if it were under siege.
&gt; Obviously Blackwater doesn’t exist anymore Blackwater exists. It just got a new name: Academi
They're not "unidentified law enforcement officers." They're unidentified and unaccountable right wing militia. The question is, whose command are they under? Trump? Barr? Somebody else?
For anyone shocked by how many people think burning down the police building was justified, consider this: &gt; [Minneapolis police union president: “I’ve been involved in three shootings myself, and **not a one of them has bothered me**”](https://theintercept.com/2020/06/02/minneapolis-police-union-bob-kroll-shootings/?fbclid=IwAR0JVI181qe8wuTZH-fEHipUujlBppVUqVSMvAUsWsXbBG9u51TB058yYRQ)
&gt; Paul told reporters at Capitol Hill in Washington, D.C., Wednesday morning that he is wary of enhanced penalties for altercations that result in "minor bruising" ... minor bruising caused during an attempted lynching?!? He's defending THAT??? God damn. Some people are evil through and through.
&gt; Sen. Mitt Romney (R-Utah) told reporters in the Capitol that Esper “has the right to express his point of view, and the president has his” Wow. What a weak response. I'm amazed that a man with absolutely no spine can walk upright. Does Romney have some sort of metal supports built into his suits to keep him from just oozing across the floor? Mitt Romney is a moral jellyfish. My god.
&gt; "If I didn't have a primary, I wouldn't care." &gt; [Say that again?](https://twitter.com/emilyngo/status/1267873270218600448) &gt; "If I didn't have a primary, I WOULDN'T CARE." He said it TWICE. He said it, and then repeated it to make sure he was understood. Please, NY, when you vote, remember: if Engel didn't have a primary, he wouldn't care. He said so himself. Twice.
That headline again: *Defense Secretary Esper Decides Not To Get Fired* Bunker Boy must be pleased.
Anybody taking bets on which Trump property gets the "convention"? The only thing Trump cares more about than white supremacy is money.
**Don't trust polls.** I doubt that Trump's approval among Evangelicals is actually going down. I guarantee there are many Trump supporters who stand firmly behind him but are embarrassed to admit it, especially to someone they don't know. It's going to be impossible to get reliable polling on Trump this fall.
&gt; The day after the RNC too. Maybe. Trump wants to move it out of North Carolina, but to who knows where and perhaps who knows when. All bets are off when it comes to predicting anything for this election cycle. I'm not 100% convinced we'll even have an election in November. If Trump thinks he's going down... I can't even imagine what he'll do if he feels desperate.
Does any of this matter now that Barr runs the so-called *Justice Department* and Republicans packed the courts? All three branches of our government are broken.
&gt; Papers in TX are now pointing to Dallas. Have it on the grassy knoll. SARCASM!!! *...too soon?*
&gt; Fauxtus probably doesn’t even know where that is and if you gave him a sat map, he’d probably say hey, that’s a nice tidy little park for some speeches. I bet you're right. I think it's only a matter of time before Texas turns blue as the Latinx population rises. When it finally happens, it'll be a sea change in American politics - assuming democracy survives Trumpism, of course.
This is proof the problem goes far beyond policing. Yes, we desperately need police reform, but we need more than that. Crooked cops put people in front of crooked judges. Our justice system is crooked from top to bottom - and it's crooked by design. This is what conservatives want. This is what brings them out to the polls in droves. They want judges who believe in white supremacy as much as they do.
The House Of Representatives needs to step the fuck up. NOW. 1: Issue subpoenas to anyone they need to hear from. Don't ask. Demand. Arrest those who don't show. No excuses. Do it. 2: Impeach the fascists and fascism enablers. No excuses. Do it.
McConnell and Co. would just get their funding from billionaires and foreign adversaries. Come to think of it, they already do. Remember when Republicans in congress spend the 4th Of July in Russia? That really happened.
Show me actions, Goodell, not words. This is a good start, but it's just empty words unless you back it up with action. You owe Kaep a very sincere public apology, not just reading somebody else's carefully crafted statement. I love football, but I have no respect for Roger Goodell.
&gt; EDIT: This also makes it crystal clear that there’ll be no punishment for kneeling come Week 1 I expect the NFL to work hard to hide it though. I don't trust Roger Goodell.
&gt; There are a lot of really good reasons to believe that the military will not side with Trump. You're right, but keep in mind that you're speaking in future tense, probably for good reason. There were secret police in D.C. this week (including prison guards from across the country). We don't know who they are - they weren't wearing indentification. We don't know who they receive orders from and report to (presumably, Bill Barr?). What we do know is this: secret police were facing off against American citizens this week in our nation's capital, and we could not count on our military to protect us from them. Instead, our military was on the side of the secret police. I hope time proves me wrong, but I don't have faith in our military to protect us from a rogue president. I hope time proves me wrong. &gt; The military might not give two shits about social justice issues... They should. The Pledge Of Allegiance ends with the words "Liberty And Justice For All." Anyone who doesn't believe in that shouldn't be in our military (or our government). &gt; ...but it is surely not impressed with a President at war with his own people who has significantly weakened America's position in the world, militarily and politically. Are they prepared to protect us from him if it comes to that? Time will tell. The president used tear gas on American citizens this week so he could walk to a photo op. It's going to get worse. I don't know if we can trust the military. And that's horrifying.
&gt; How Much Does the American Taxpayer **Pay Trump to Protect Trump** at His Properties? FIXED. He has the government paying him to protect him. I can't even imagine how much money the Trump family is stealing from the U.S. At every turn, he finds ways to shove taxpayer money in his pockets.
Fox News, the White Lies Matter network.
**Do Not Trust Polls This Election Cycle** Many Trump voters are going to be too embarrassed to admit they still support him, especially when being questioned by a stranger (in other words, a pollster). I won't believe any polls this year, and you shouldn't either. No matter how far ahead Biden may be, it's not enough. We can't count on anything this year. Republicans have already purged millions of voters off the rolls. Make sure you're not one of them. [Check your voter registration status!](https://www.vote.org/am-i-registered-to-vote/)
No, it's not like that at all. He's also taking money from the 40% who love him. *Edited to add: I sure as hell am not one of them though. They're bigots. I'm just saying that he'll steal from anyone. He'll even steal from his own.* He's a thief. Bunker Boy is a coward and a thief.
Let me guess: It could save lives, thus, Republicans will oppose it.
Also, Papa John was an asssssssHOLE. He threatened to fire employees if congress passed affordable healthcare.
&gt; but then the commercials come on and it’s him bragging about how, “We’re giving away 2 MILLION free pizzas this month!” Oh yeah... when I saw those ads I was pissed. Eff that guy. I don't care if he's not even part of the company anymore. I will never buy their pizza under any circumstances.
Believe it or not, Trump could easily 'win' a second term. 1: Republicans are going to use an unprecedented amount of election interference. The GOP has already purged millions of voters off the rolls, making them ineligible to vote this fall. MILLIONS. That means Biden is starting millions of votes behind Trump before a single ballot has been cast. Let that sink in. &gt; [Almost 16 million voters were removed from the rolls. We should be alarmed.](https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/almost-16-million-voters-were-removed-from-the-rolls-we-should-be-alarmed/2019/05/15/f3de396a-7682-11e9-bd25-c989555e7766_story.html) &gt; “Between 2014 and 2016, states removed almost 16 million voters from the rolls. That’s almost 4 million more than between 2006 and 2008.” And it should be obvious that that is a rate that outstrips the growth rate of total registered voters and the growth rate of total population.” And let's not forget how the GOP has managed to close hundreds of polling places in order to make it harder to vote in districts which tend to vote Democrat. 2: There are no reliable polls this year. Trump voters feel embarrassed by his antics, but they strongly support what he does and they're going to vote for him... but they're not going to admit it. **Trumpism is basically political herpes.** At least 1 in 4 Americans has it... which brings me back to my first point about how the GOP has purged millions of mostly minority voters off the rolls. Millions if not tens of millions. To say the electoral process is rigged is an understatement. Trump could 'win' again.
Yeah. I thought Fox using the 8:46 of silence during George Floyd's memorial for commercials was so inexcusably crass. Anyway... I totally agree with your point in your comment above - especially this: &gt; The kneeling however would get televised every week especially with no crowds to pan around Even if crowds do eventually get allowed in stadiums this fall, the kneeling would get televised every single time, and that matters.
We need the military to join us. We need the military to protect us from a rogue president. General Mark Milley, [TEAR DOWN THIS WALL](https://www.cnn.com/2020/06/06/politics/donald-trump-fences-george-floyd-protests/index.html)!
&gt; A National Guard attack on peaceful protesters in Washington, D.C., Monday was spurred by a Pentagon threat that **active-duty military units would be mobilized against American civilians if the Guard was ineffective** Does this mean Trump ordered the attack on civilians to cause a riot, so the military would have to go in? In other words: Trump: *"Send in the military!"* Military: *"Only if national guard isn't enough."* Trump: *"Start a riot so the military has to put down the riot!"* &gt; Pentagon pressure on the National Guard to get tough may have been part of a strategy to calm President Donald Trump, who The Washington Post reported was insisting that 10,000 military troops be deployed to the capital. **It also means we, the people, cannot trust the military to protect us from a rogue president.** &gt; Dozens of cell phone and press videos failed to reveal any violence by protesters that would warrant a harsh crackdown. Yet military brass ordered the national guard to attack civilians. &gt; People were tear-gassed, manhandled, shoved, battered with clubs and slammed with shields to clear the way for Trump so he could cross the street from the White House to hold aloft a Bible at St. John’s Episcopal Church for a photo op. Note this in particular: &gt; The onslaught against the protesters began 25 minutes before the 7 p.m. curfew. Peaceful protesters. Not violating curfew. They were attacked. &gt; Both Esper and Milley have now reportedly refused to testify about the military’s response to the protesters before the House Armed Services Committee. Issue them goddamn subpoenas. If they don't show... arrest them.
&gt; Subpoenas mean nothing to the Trump admin. Subpoenas mean nothing to Republicans because Democrats let them get away with ignoring subpoenas. Fuck that. Issue subpoenas. If they ignore the subpoenas, send marshals to enforce the subpoenas and send the media to cover it. I'm so ready for a new generation to rise in the Democratic Party. Conservatism is rooted in bigotry, so I have no hope for the Republican Party, but new leadership would do the Democratic Party a lot of good.
This law should be immediately pushed through the House Of Representatives and sent to the Senate. Immediately. We need this to become law by July 1st. And we need a list of politicians who stand against it.
18,000 departments spread fear town to town. 18,000 departments of fear. Take one down because racists abound. 17,999 police departments still spread fear all around. (next verse) 17,999 departments spread fear town to town. 17,999 departments of fear. Take one down because racists abound. 17,998 police departments still spread fear all around. (next verse)
Think about what this means. The U.S. Marine Corp had to ban the flag of traitors who fought against the United States. It amazes me that anyone thinks Confederates were heroes. Confederates were traitors. What could be more anti-American than supporting traitors who fought AGAINST America?
I wonder if Romney is trying to set himself up for a possible run at the presidency if Trump falls this summer - which could happen. If the military turns on Trump, his presidency is over. Keep in mind that Trump already put the military in the position of having to choose whether or not to follow orders from the commander in chief to face off against American citizens.
Confederates fought AGAINST the United States. They were traitors to the United States. Period. Confederates fought FOR the right to own slaves. They were traitors to humanity.
Wow. The Lincoln Project ads are knocking it out of the park.
Are those Lincoln Project ads airing on TV? The only place I've seen them is online. I want them to air on Fox News (the White Lies Matter network), and I want them to air in any states that could flip blue this year. If I had the money, I'd hire them to do ads against senators - especially McConnell &amp; Susan Collins, but also any seat we could flip blue. It's not even about politics. It's about rooting bigotry and bigot sympathizers out of government. Susan Collins is just as guilty of bigotry as any other Republican. She cast a vote to empower bigotry. She needs to get voted OUT.
I said: They're traitors. You said: &gt; Fighting against the US government for a righteous cause (not slavery) is what America is built on even if it would technically make you a traitor to the state. Note these words in your own answer: &gt; for a righteous cause &gt; (not slavery) Their cause was not righteous. They fought for slavery. You're fighting for the sake of fighting. Confederates waged a war against their own country, at least in part, fighting for the right to own black people. Confederates were traitors to their country. That's an indisputable fact. Confederates were traitors to humanity. That's an indisputable fact.
&gt; On average how many bulbs do " lamps" have in Kansas? You've never seen a lamp with multiple bulbs? Most floor lamps use multiple bulbs.
This likely means Trump has already won Florida and Ohio in November.
&gt; To be honest, I don’t know how to do that. I have the Elite remote which has the metal pins on the bottom and the little docking station. Oh... you didn't mention which remote you have. For some reason, I was assuming it was the Companion remote. You can't replace the Elite remote's battery, nor should you need to. It's rechargeable. The Companion doesn't have a touchscreen, so it doesn't use much power. It uses a replaceable coin-style battery.
Today's Republican voters are far to the right of the Republican Party. The party spent decades using dog whistles to build hate... then Trump came along and rode that hate, riding away with the party's voters in the process. It doesn't matter how many Republican Party leaders criticize Bunker Boy. Bigots will choose Trump over the Republican Party without needing even a second to think about it. Bigots will choose Trump over the Republican Party. And bigots have been the base of the Republican Party for decades. Republican Party leaders know they're stuck with Trump.
He doesn't go to church, so... that part checks out.
Reporters need to stop accepting lies without even following up. The next question needs to be either: "Why are you lying to me?" "Are you afraid to tell the truth?" Or: "How could you be so uninformed?"
It's not just Georgia. We have multiple states using electronic voting machines where the vote can be changed after being cast. &gt; [An online voting system used in Florida and Ohio can be hacked to alter votes without detection, researchers found](https://www.businessinsider.com/online-voting-system-can-be-hacked-to-alter-votes-report-2020-6)
How do we know this will be a fair election though? McConnell's lack of concern makes me wonder if he knows the "results" will show that he won regardless of how many votes are cast for McGrath.
If you're using the Companion remote, the answer is no. Logitech locked down those six Home Control buttons on the Companion remote, crippling them intentionally. Oddly, on the Elite remote, you can override the Home Control limitation and assign those six Home Control buttons for devices and sequences used in activities. But with the Companion remote, you're screwed. They're locked down and can only work with a select few predetermined home control devices, and even if you own one of those devices, those damn buttons are limited to only specific functions. Worst of all, there's a firmware bug that causes the +/- rocker buttons to sometimes forget they're assigned to a home control device, so they stop working entirely. If Logitech would remove the limitations on those six buttons, the Companion would be the perfect universal remote. Instead, it's a remote with six mostly dead buttons that were intentionally crippled by shitty firmware. If you go to the support forum on Logitech's website and do a search, you'll see that users have been begging them to fix this for YEARS, but the only replies from Logitech are a bot that says the request will be passed on to their engineers... or something like that. I'm not convinced Logitech has anyone actively working on Harmony.
Sorry. I don't know. I gave up on using Logitech's way of controlling smart devices. It's so limited to certain buttons and certain functions, and it often doesn't work. Instead, I bought a Flirc IR receiver. Flirc is a $22 tiny USB dongle that translates IR codes from remote controls into keyboard hotkeys. Teach Harmony an IR command. Create a script on your computer to control smart devices &amp; create a hotkey to trigger it. Teach Flirc the IR command and assign it the hotkey. Done! Now, pressing that button on your remote triggers the script on your computer. I'm using Flirc with a Raspberry Pi, but it also works with a Mac or PC. I'm using it with a Pi because it's so easy to stash a Pi in my entertainment center near my Harmony hub. In Harmony I created custom devices for each smart device, but you could create one custom device for Flirc. Is this a giant pain in the ass to set up? YOU BET! But it works flawlessly.
It gently &amp; slowly lifts your mattress... and then DROPS IT.
Not. Gonna. Happen. The moment Lindsey's campaign starts dragging their feet, Jamie Harrison should stand in front of reporters for a press conference and publicly call out Lindsey for being afraid to debate him. Then Harrison should turn footage of that press conference into a campaign ad.
I wonder what he has to say about [The National Guard shooting an American in Louisville](https://thehill.com/changing-america/respect/equality/502116-national-guard-fired-shot-that-killed-louisville-restaurant?amp&amp;__twitter_impression=true).
&gt; "These ugly Americans must be stooped IMMEDIATELY." &gt; -- Donald Trump "Stooped" isn't even the worst part of what he said. Jesus.
I remember when a reporter asked Trump about the economic stimulus and Trump's immediate response was that he wasn't getting any of the money, even though that had nothing to do with the reporter's question... and at that moment, it became obvious that Trump had given himself a chunk of the money. I mean, really... it's like if a mom asks her kids "Have any of you seen my purse?" and one of the kids responds "Not me, and I sure didn't take anything out of it, especially not your cigarettes." ----------- EDIT: This happened during the April 20th live Daily Task Force Briefing. &gt; "I didn't get any!" he said, without being asked if he got any stimulus money. &gt; Translation: He got millions if not billions, but he doesn't want reporters to look into it. [Link to my original comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/g50yxt/discussion_thread_white_house_coronavirus_task/fo10fjq/) in the reddit Daily Briefing discussion thread. So, if anybody wants to find video of him saying it... that's what you need to look for. The 4/20/20 Daily Task Force Briefing. I wish the comment I posted back then listed the time, because that would tell you the exact time during the briefing when he said it, give or take a few seconds, since it was a live briefing.
&gt; Voting for Joe Biden isn't about getting your favorite person elected. It's about ensuring you have future elections to even vote in. I hope people understand this. I can't believe how many Bernie supporters I see online talking about possibly not voting at all, saying things like "Biden is just as bad as Trump."
I'm absolutely sure that he's going to brag about how much he stole from the U.S. after he's out of office. He already bragged about not paying taxes. After he's out of office, he's going to brag about how much money he stole.
I'm not sure about that. Putin is evil, but there's no denying he's very smart. Once Trump leaves and/or gets dragged out of office, he's of no value to Putin. I could imagine Putin luring Trump to Russia so he can turn him over to the U.S. or maybe the Hague - or some other court or country. That'd be one hell of a power move.
This is fantastic. Congrats! ...buuuuuuuut... It's not wise to post about how much Bitcoin you own unless you're doing it with a totally anonymous throwaway account that can not be traced back to you. It's about personal safety. Think about your hopes and dreams for how high the value of Bitcoin might go. It's hard to predict, but the sky is the limit if investors start putting as little as 1% or 2% of their portfolios in Bitcoin. Now think about what would happen to you if people knew you had that kind of money. Bitcoin isn't like the lottery, but the first rule of winning the lottery definitely applies: Don't tell anyone. It's not safe. And speaking of safety: A hardware wallet is your best bet. Be smart. Be safe. HODL. And last, but not least, I'll say it again... CONGRATS!
It was during one of his daily briefings, and he sure wasn't squirming when he said it. He loved doing those daily briefings. To him, they were The Trump Show. That being said... I'll try to figure out which day he said it. That would be a great clip to find for when we learn how much of the stimulus went straight into his pocket.
Trump supporters don't care. Trump hates minorities as much as they hate minorities. They'll gladly risk their own health for the chance to cheer on anyone who wants to hurt minorities as much as they do. Bigotry. That's what it's about. They hate blacks, Hispanics, Native Americans, gays, atheists, Jews, the disabled, the poor... people who are well educated (unless those people are bigots)... surely I'm forgetting others.
&gt; Reporter: "We are free." &gt; Trump replied to her: "We are free." He didn't understand that she meant "we, black people, are free" thanks to Lincoln. Good fucking lord. Trump is either such a narcissist that he assumed she was talking about him... or he's just plain dumb. Perhaps both. Almost certainly both.
I suspect that, after he's out of office, we'll find out that he's mentally disabled. Did you see the interview today where Trump whitesplained to an African American reporter how he did more for blacks than any president in history, even Lincoln? &gt; Trump: "So I think I've done more for the black community than any other president. And let's take a pass on Abraham Lincoln 'cause he did good, although it's always questionable, y'know, in other words, the end result." &gt; Reporter: (laughing) "Well, we are free, Mr. President." &gt; Trump: "But we are free." Even as she even laughed at him, he didn't get it. He's such a narcissist that when she said "we," he assumed she meant him.
I'm experiencing this today too, for the first time ever. I've been running Home Assistant for... uhm... 2 years, I think? I didn't make any changes at all over the past few weeks and I've used HA daily without a problem until tonight, when it's unresponsive &amp; I have no idea why.
I'm sorry, Charlotte, but get real. They weren't going to pay regardless of whether or not they held their convention there. Don't take my word for it. Just ask any of the cities Trump &amp; Co haven't paid. Trump loves holding rallies, but he also loves to not pay the bill, and even more than that, he loves to threaten bogus lawsuits against anyone who tries to seek full payment. No city should allow Trump to hold an event there without being paid in full up front. P.S. Yo, Tulsa. How you doin'? If you didn't demand full payment up front, you're idiots.
You don't have to cover both sides when one side is a lie. Sadly, the media hasn't figured that out yet either.
&gt; They cant just ignore the quotes that aren't the truth. They can report them, fact check them, and hold him accountable. I'm saying, they need to cover lies as lies, not as one side of a debate. And they need to cover his mental abilities the same way they'd cover anyone else's. One person says 2+2=4 Another says 1+3=4 Both are correct. One person says 2+2=4 Trump says 999999999999999999999 TRUMP Minus Sleepy Joe Pocahontas Little Marco nickname nickname nickname nickname = SMART! Come on now. Today, Trump tried to explain to an African American reporter how he did more for the black community than any president in history, including Lincoln. The reporter said "Well, we're free," explaining to the fucking president of the United States that Lincoln freed the slaves. Trump's response? "We're free." That actually happened today. Really. Not one of the media outlets is discussing dementia. Not one. So many aspects of what he said are batshit crazy. None of the networks is questioning his mental competence? Come on now.
Or... He went to Safeway for groceries. Then he got coronavirus. Part of what makes a virus so challenging to understand is that we have no way of knowing when a particular person catches it. Odds are, he caught it during a protest, but he could have caught it anywhere else he went. I wish everybody could stay home, but systemic racism is an even greater health risk than Covid 19. I support the protesters.
&gt; Systemic racism has been ongoing though. Ideally we'd have had the protests before or after, rather than during. You're right. Ideally. And, ideally, black people wouldn't be getting murdered by police... so... And, ideally, efforts to stop LYNCHING wouldn't be getting stopped by Republicans... so... ...so even though I wish everybody could stay the fuck at home, systemic racism is an even greater health risk than Covid 19. &gt; So you get people irritated with the protestors who will blame them or blame BLM, who might otherwise have supported them, which isn't good. Those are the same people who already don't support them, and if Covid 19 didn't exist they'd find another reason why this is not the time. They're the same people who say after a school shooting that it's not the right time to talk about gun violence. Thoughts and prayers, eh? Fuck that. I'm not particularly interested in the opinions of bigots. For the record: I am the whitest of white guys. I'm so white, Casper The Friendly Ghost would take one look at me and say "Are we related?" But the thing is... I know right from wrong and bigotry is goddamn wrong. I want to believe my country is better than that, but we're not. We're not until we prove we are. I don't consider myself an activist. Hell, I'll be honest. Maybe I'm too comfortable or even too lazy to be an activist. But the Black Lives Matter movement is fighting to make our country and our communities more fair, so hell yes I support that. The timing sucks, but the time is now, so I support the protesters. And though I haven't been marching, I'm trying to be helpful to the cause in other ways. Note that I didn't say "their cause." Equality should be every American's cause. It's literally in the Pledge Of Allegiance, which every school kid has said more times than he or she can count. The Pledge Of Allegiance ends with the words "With Liberty And Justice For All." If we pledge our allegiance to the flag, and to the republic for which it stands, we owe it to our republic to make those words true. As citizens, we owe it to each other to make those words true. Liberty and Justice For All. Black Lives Matter. I'll say it again. Due to Covid 19, the timing sucks... but try telling that to the family and friends of George Floyd and countless others. The time is now, so I support the protesters. EDIT: Downvoted because there's always a better time to support other people's rights and other people's lives, eh?
&gt; I think it's pretty easy to use logic that being surrounded by thousands of people is more risky than going to the grocery store. Is it? Think about the foot traffic a grocery store sees every day. Sure, there are more people at a rally, but they're not picking up items to check labels, ingredients &amp; prices, and then putting them back. I was at Safeway a week ago &amp; the guy at the checkout lane next to the one I was in was wearing a mask and gloves. That's good. Somebody in that line wasn't. I mention this because that person was putting their groceries on the conveyor belt that slides them to the register, and he sneezed. I never really thought much about the gloves a cashier wears until I heard that customer sneeze. I looked to see who it was &amp; my first thought was "Dammit! You should be wearing a mask!" But then I realized the guy sneezed into his hands &amp; went back to putting groceries on the conveyor belt. The groceries were then touching the conveyor belt &amp; were going to be touched by the cashier wearing gloves... thus - if the customer has the virus, the virus ends up on the conveyor belt and the cashier's gloves, which means it could end up on the next person's groceries... or the person after that, or the next. Think about how many people pass through a grocery store each day. Yes, a protest gathering is an easy way for someone to unknowingly spread a virus... but so is any place where many people will pass through. Think about the buttons in an office building's elevator, or an apartment building's elevator. Think about a post office or a library or a school. I guarandamntee people at West Point are going to end up sick with coronavirus because Trump ordered the graduating class to come back so dear leader could give a commencement speech which he did not actually write. Yeah, protests are risky. I agree. But getting murdered for having the 'wrong' skin color is more risky. The coronavirus has a 1% chance of being deadly. Murder has a 100% chance of being deadly. You shouldn't need to be told that, but you're white, so you get a pass. That's how white supremacy works. White folks get a pass for not understanding things they don't experience because they're white. What a shameful crock of shit. &gt; The one thing that makes the protests seem a bit less risky is that they're outside. Another thing is that you could wear a mask, unlike the asshole I mentioned at the grocery store.
For anyone who doubts that Melania is an opportunist, consider this: she forced Trump to [renegotiate her prenuptial agreement](https://www.cnn.com/2020/06/12/politics/melania-trump-prenuptial-agreement/index.html) before she would move to The White House. &gt; Part of the reason first lady Melania Trump delayed her move from New York City to the White House in 2017 was because she was renegotiating her prenuptial agreement with President Donald Trump, according to a book out next week by a Washington Post reporter. &gt; Author Mary Jordan cites sources close to Trump as saying her intent in doing so was to "amend her financial agreement with Trump -- what Melania referred to as 'taking care of Barron.' " &gt; The book, titled, "The Art of Her Deal: The Untold Story of Melania Trump," is based on more than a hundred interviews, according to the Post.
Exactly. This is why we cannot trust the polls for 2020. Many of them are not going to admit they're still standing with Trump and even less likely to admit they're going to vote for the guy. Trump's dropping poll numbers tell us how many of his voters are embarrassed about admitting they still support him, but the polls don't tell us who those embarrassed voters will choose in the voting booth. They're still going to vote for him.
The word for that is "Bigot."
I struggle with that too. I'd like to think that good people outnumber bad people. The problem is that too many good people are also indifferent, and I don't mean that as a bad thing. It's just that they're happy and content, or they're focussed on their own lives and don't feel a connection to the bigger picture. American politics would be very different if every American age 18 &amp; up was required to vote. If I had my way, every American age 18 and up would be required to vote, and every ballot would have the option to check a box that says "I Abstain" for anyone who chooses not to participate. &gt; Super depressed about it. I understand completely. Hang in there, my friend. I wish I knew something better to say, but I don't other than this: You're not alone. Best wishes.
UV emitting anal probes. Put a big happy face on the box with a speech bubble that says: "Wrecked 'em."
I swear by Bartender. I've been using it since it was in beta, I think. I'd recommend it without hesitation. It's excellent.
&gt; She’s done. Ocasio-Cortez is polling at 79% approval rating in her district. Seventy Nine Percent.
The funny thing is, stories like this one end up helping AOC to raise money for a primary fight that doesn't actually exist. She's going to easily win. I hope she inspires more women to run for office.
&gt; Romney, who sits on the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Government Affairs which Johnson leads, did vote for his fellow senator's subpoena authorizations targeting former Obama officials. So... Mitt Romney: "Hunter Biden probe is politically motivated." Also Mitt Romney: "I voted for it."
&gt; The news comes as law enforcement officials have been demonized across the country over the last few weeks after the death of George Floyd in Minneapolis. Imagine how bad the police are going to look if this proves to be them attempting a false flag attack to make the protesters look bad. I sure hope that's not the case, because if it is... the police's reputation is going to go from very bad to so much worse. **EDIT:** It looks like they're already trying to walk this one back. The NYPD is now saying the officers fell ill due to an improperly cleaned machine. Surely, if this is as bogus as it sounds, Shake Shake is going to sue the hell out of them.
Well, there was no year zero, so who the heck knows where you actually ended up. I'd bring a flamethrower, because why not bring a flamethrower?
Seriously. The fact that this guy wasn't fired is proof of the problem. &gt; After the Internal Affairs Bureau concluded its investigation of the incident, that officer was suspended without pay. Suspended how long? A day? A week? A cop responding with brutality against people protesting police brutality just proves their fucking point. The fact that the cop still has a job proves the protesters need to keep going. Bad apples? It's a bad orchard.
Did their numbers include their own officers who were caught on camera looting a congressman's campaign office?
&gt; It's crazy that we have to even push for these cops to get fired when they should be arrested and tried for assault. You're exactly right. If I go to a protest tomorrow and am caught on camera unmasking and pepper spraying somebody, I'd get arrested. A cop does it and gets an unpaid vacation. Fuck that. At the very least - the very goddamn least - I want that clown to make a public apology to the city and to the protester. But really, I want that guy fired. The police are supposed to serve and protect. This wannabe warrior bullshit is the exact opposite, and it needs to stop.
We need a national reinvention of The Police. Nothing less will do. Members of the military know their service is to [support and defend the constitution of The United States](https://history.army.mil/html/faq/oaths.html). Police officers need to know that their duty is to protect and serve the people of the United States. Period. End of fucking statement. Every macho loser jackass I knew in high school who wasn't smart enough to do anything with their lives except for becoming a cop became a cop. God damn. Those are the people we DON'T WANT serving as cops. Too many of them think their job is to go crackin' skulls. They're the problem, not the solution. This macho warrior bullshit has to stop. We need a national reinvention of what it means to be a member of the police with a commitment to serve and protect the people and the community. Nothing less will do. EDIT: I don't know why I capitalized "The Police" ...WWSD? ("What Would Sting Do?" He'd capitalize The Police)
Yes, but: &gt; They do serve and protect, just not you or anyone else that ~~doesn't have a heap of money~~ **isn't white, or better yet, rich and white** Fixed. And that's the problem.
Exactly. Police are banking on protests against police brutality.
&gt; So are his supporters. That's the important point. We really are becoming 1930s Germany. A solid 1/3 of the country approves of what Trump is doing, enthusiastically. The 2020 election will be the most important election in American history, because it very well could be our last.
&gt; Was shot once he POINTED A WEAPON at a cop, 1: The weapon was a taser, which the Atlanta police themselves classify as non-deadly, thus, the cop's use of deadly force was not justified. 2: The taser had been fired twice by the cops and was thus not able to be fully discharged, making it even less dangerous, but that's irrelevant because... 3: Even if the taser was fully charged (which it wasn't), the cop was too far away for the taser to reach him. &gt; thank God this drunk was taken off the road The man wasn't on the road at the time he was killed. In fact, during the 40+ minutes of conversation with the officers, he offered to walk to a relative's house. &gt; Let's not falsify what really happened here, move to Afghanistan if you want lawlessness You sure do like that silly line. You keep using it and using it as if it makes any sense at all, but it just makes you look foolish. A cop using unjustified deadly force *IS* lawlessness.
I don't know if he's a reptile. I thought he might be an extra terrestrial, but he says he's 100% human. &gt; [100% HUMAN CANDIDATE](https://www.tedcruzforhumanpresident.com) &gt; "I have been incubated from birth to be your overlord" (I love that website so much)
Yo, Cheeto. The bunker thing is, uhm, 6 or 7 crises ago? It looks like you're not walking so well these days, but still... you need to catch up.
Can anybody recommend a good mask for somebody who wears glasses? As if my vision isn't bad enough, every mask I've tried fogs up my glasses! ...that being said, I do always wear a mask when I go out. I just wish I could find a mask that doesn't fog up my glasses.
I own a few of those. I hate to say this, but, they're awful. I own three of the same size, but one is huge, one is too small, and one is lopsided (one side has a smaller ear loop than the other). I'm surprised by how poorly made they are.
Interesting! I didn't know that - but I am a big fan of using Dawn dish soap to wash my glasses.
I don't wear a mask to show I hate Trump. That's just a bonus.
BREAKFAST: Oatmeal is pure savings and it's healthy too. My local grocery store sells 5 pound bags of old fashioned oats for $5. That makes around 35 days of breakfasts for me, which comes down to less than 15 cents a bowl. I like to add a dash of cinnamon and a heaped teaspoon of raw cacao powder, which is delicious and a superfood. Oatmeal is so versatile, and if you're lazy in the morning (I sure am), it's suuuuuuper easy to make. I swear by overnight oats, where you put the ingredients including water or milk in a bowl, stir, and pop it in the fridge overnight. There are many great recipes for overnight oats in this sub.
Those look really cool in a photo, but I'm willing to bet they'd be annoying as hell in real life because you end up having three long bulbs with no shades directed straight at you. Remove the lampshades from your lamps for a few days and see how quickly you hate it. That being said, I'd take the idea here and spin it in a different way. I bet it would look really cool if you made a really tall headboard (or a huge art piece) that has slots to allow light out the sides and through parts of the middle. Put a few lightstrips on the back of that art piece. You'll create a stylish and totally unique wall light. I may do this someday.
No, Trump is not trying to self-sabotage his reelection. He isn't smart enough for that kind of strategy. He isn't smart enough for strategy, period. All Trump does is act on impulse, react without planning, and play with his phone like a middle-school Karen. His presidency is going down in flames because of course it is. His presidency is going down in flames just as so many of his businesses did. How many bankruptcies did he go through? After he's out of office, the government is going to go after his taxes and you can bet the world is going to go after Deutsche Bank. His presidency is going down in flames just as his marriages did. Hun fact: Melania (his third wife, whom he cheated on shortly after she gave birth to his son, because he really is THAT much of a scumbag) forced him to renegotiate her prenuptial agreement before she would move into the White House.
Yup. Here's a link to the Crystal Minton story: &gt; **["He’s not hurting the people he needs to be": a Trump voter says the quiet part out loud](https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2019/1/8/18173678/trump-shutdown-voter-florida)** &gt; "I voted for him, and he’s the one who’s doing this," Minton told Mazzei. "I thought he was going to do good things. He’s not hurting the people he needs to be hurting." &gt; He’s not hurting the people he needs to be hurting. &gt; This is what makes Trumpism work. This is the dark heart of our political moment. Even people who are tremendously vulnerable themselves, like Crystal Minton, support Trump because of his capacity to inflict pain on others they detest. The cruelty, as the Atlantic’s Adam Serwer says, is the point. The cruelty is the point. The bigotry is the point. The hate is the point. It's evil, and it's what they want. &gt; **Supporters Stand By President Amid Racist Tweets: "*[That's why I voted for him,](https://www.cbsnews.com/amp/news/trump-tweets-supporters-stand-by-president-amid-racist-tweets/)*"** &gt; "I know some people don't like his tweets and they think he's crass. I -- that's why I voted for him," said retired businesswoman Mary Lou Kohlhofer. That's why they voted for him. The bigotry is what they want.
&gt; I couldn’t really watch it for that long a period of time, it was over eight minutes. **Who could watch that?** People who give a damn. That's who. They watched it, and they took to the streets.
It isn't America's anti-science bias though. It's conservatism's anti-science bias. Liberalism is about embracing progress. Conservatism is about preventing progress.
She wasn't. She was talking about immigrants.
&gt; Potential Olympus owner here.... &gt; The EM!x body seems to be the best of the lot Don't choose a camera based on specs. Choose based on the kind of photography you do and how the camera meets your specific wants &amp; needs for what you do. I'm sure the EM1X is amazing, but I do street photography. For my needs, I would choose an EM1 or a Pen F instead even if they were the same price (I own an EM1 mk 1 and a Pen F. Love them both). What kind of photography do you do? Let the answer to that question be your guide.
It's not my job to do your search for you.
This blows my mind. I assume Trump would be scared to death to debate Biden - not so much because of Biden, but rather, because he'd have to answer questions from moderators. Then again, the Trump campaign is already getting desperate. I can't imagine what kind of stunts Trump will try to pull this time. It's going to be ugly. The Biden campaign needs to hire someone to prep him for debates. They need somebody brutal who can play the role of an in your face dumb bully to serve as a stand in for Trump. KEITH OLBERMANN!!! He'd be perfect! He knows politics inside and out, and he has the ability to be brutal. I sure hope whoever moderates these things doesn't try to act like this is just another debate. Trump ordered ICE to put kids in cages for christ sake, and he had a fucking mural of himself painted at the entrance to one of his goddamn concentration camps. Trump is evil. I hope moderators are truly up for the task.
Or, it shows a majority of the justices actually read it.
Especially when they're asked by a woman. Trump can't stand answering questions from women. I know you're being sarcastic, but to Trump, even the thought of a woman questioning him is offensive. He's such a sexist piece of trash. Racist. Sexist. Ignorant. Trash.
Sadly, most of them don't even realize their "religion" has become a cult. Of course, most people in a cult don't realize they're in a cult.
I do this, but it's complicated to set up (I set it up years before I bought a Harmony). I set up scripts on my Raspberry Pi that cycle through commands, and I have a text file that saves the current command. Then, I assigned hotkeys to launch the commands. Finally, I use a Flirc IR receiver to have remote control buttons trigger the hotkeys. Flirc is a USB dongle that is cheap and super easy to set up. Writing scripts to control your stuff can be a giant pain in the butt, but it's time well spent because it's slick in use. I use this setup mostly for triggering all kinds of stuff, but especially Philips Hue scenes. I use the red/green/yellow/blue buttons on my Harmony remote to trigger Hue lights &amp; scenes. Each button is assigned to a scene, and pressing it a second time triggers an alt version of the scene (and logs it to a Current_Hue_Scene text file I use to keep track). For example, pressing the Green button triggers my Hue "Ambiance" scene unless the Current_Hue_Scene file is currently set to "Ambiance" in which case the green button triggers "Mood_Light" instead. I'm sure there are other ways to accomplish something similar, but this is how I do it. I am a huuuuuuuuuuuuge fan of using a Raspberry Pi and a Flirc IR receiver with Harmony. Anything I can script, I can control at the press of a button with Harmony.
In his defense, the 2020 Trump campaign will rely on voter fraud, so it doesn't matter who cast the actual votes or who they voted for. &gt; [Touch-Screen Voting Devices Are Automatically Changing Votes in Mississippi](https://www.newsweek.com/touch-screen-voting-devices-are-automatically-changing-votes-mississippi-1456445)
The U.S. has 4% of the world's population. The U.S. has 25% of all cases of Covid 19, [worldwide](https://www.bloomberg.com/graphics/2020-coronavirus-cases-world-map/). We also have over 25% of all deaths, [worldwide](https://www.bloomberg.com/graphics/2020-coronavirus-cases-world-map/). Let that sink in. It's not because we're doing the most testing. In fact, the vast majority of people in the U.S. haven't been tested. [The CDC says](https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/cases-updates/testing-in-us.html) 26,781,666 tests have been done, but some people need to be tested often (doctors and nurses, for example), so even though 26,781,666 tests sounds like 8% of the population, it's surely far less than that. I'd bet it's around 5%, if even that many. 5% tested is abysmal. That number is shamefully low. It means 95% of Americans haven't been tested for the virus, and even for those who have been tested, it's not like one test is enough. You could get tested today but catch the virus next week. Our country is doing a terrible job of testing. It's a joke. The reason we're experiencing more illness and more death is because our government at all levels has been absolutely inept, and too many of our citizens refuse to take safety precautions because the spray tan guy who [plays on his phone all day](https://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/us-politics/trump-twitter-china-press-conference-today-speech-ambassador-lighthizer-a9574311.html) says science is fake and masks are for liberals. So, sadly, things will probably get worse over the next six to twelve months. The worst part of what we're all going through in the U.S. is that we're learning nothing. A competent government would be documenting everything they're doing to figure out what works and what doesn't so we'll be better prepared when the next virus comes along. This is especially important because the next virus could come in the form of a rogue bio-terror attack. What if, instead of flying planes into buildings, the next Al Qaeda style attack is ten people flying to different cities, each with a vial of some sort of lab created virus. Instead of documenting and learning through this experience with Covid 19, our national government is denying the virus is spreading and encouraging people to not take precautions. Tune in for Coronapalooza tomorrow in Tulsa for proof of that. And from state to state, we get 50 different plans, many of which have city governments fighting against the state governments and state governments fighting against Trump. It's madness. We will see more sickness. We will see more death. Almost nothing is being learned along the way, which means when the next virus comes, we'll be starting from scratch with sheer chaos, illness, and death. ------ EDITED TO ADD: Ready for something really painful? &gt; **[The Lost Month:](https://www.nytimes.com/2020/03/28/us/testing-coronavirus-pandemic.html)** &gt; How a Failure to Test Blinded the U.S. to Covid-19 Aggressive screening might have helped contain the coronavirus in the United States. But technical flaws, regulatory hurdles and lapses in leadership let it spread undetected for weeks. The "lost month" the article is referring to **was months ago** and very little has changed, except for the number of sick and dead, which have skyrocketed. &gt; And Dr. Anthony S. Fauci, a top government scientist involved in the fight against the virus, told members of Congress that the early inability to test was “a failing” of the administration’s response to a deadly, global pandemic. “Why,” he asked later in a magazine interview, “were we not able to mobilize on a broader scale?" The more of that article you read, the worse it gets, because it was written months ago and things aren't much better now. In some ways, they're worse. It's late June and maybe 5% of the country has been tested. Meanwhile, the president is encouraging his followers to not wear masks, saying people wear masks to show disapproval of him. It's madness. It didn't have to be this bad in the U.S. but it's going to worse. A lot worse.
Geoffrey Peterson has a new gig! Balls!!!
CNN isn't airing the rally, but they've been panning around the arena, showing the empty seats. Then they bailed on the rally and moved on to other news. I wonder which is more infuriating to Trump: the media showing pictures of empty seats for his flop of a rally, or that most of the media bailed on even covering the rally because it wasn't worth their time.
Is Eric actually dumb? SNL's impression of him is hilarious. It's one of the most brutal impressions I've seen them do. I almost feel bad for the guy... until I remember who he is and what he stands for.
If I had gold, I'd award it to you for that comment. You're absolutely right.
&gt; Jr really seems to want to be Donnie Yup. &gt; Eric seems like he doesn’t quite know what he’s doing. Eric knows he's not his father's favorite.
Honestly, I think so too. I was going to write 12,000, but I didn't want to look like I was intentionally lowballing the estimate. 14,000 seemed fair... but I think you're right. I'd love to know how many people actually attended.
Sigh... Rest in peace, Tom. You were one of the good guys. &gt; 7/28/2017: &gt; **[Tom Petty Hailed for Making ‘Political Statement’ on Trump’s Transgender Policy](https://ultimateclassicrock.com/tom-petty-american-girl-transgender/)** &gt; A photograph Tom Petty displays when the Heartbreakers perform "American Girl" onstage has taken on new meaning for some transgender advocates. &gt; Petty regularly projects pictures of a diverse group of women when they perform the song, a radio favorite from 1977's Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers. One of the images features Alexis Arquette, a transgender actor who died of AIDS complications in 2016. Her appearance on Wednesday during Petty's two-night stand at the Forest Hills Stadium in New York happened just hours after President Donald Trump posted a tweet banning transgender citizens from serving in the military. &gt; PageSix hailed the projected image as "a political statement" under a headline that read: "Tom Petty Stands Up for Transgender Rights at Concert."
MABA! Make America Blue Again!
That's the funniest part of it all. Some of those idiots literally camped out for a week for a rally that was at least 1/3 empty. &gt; For them it wasn't about the journey or the destination. It was the covid the caught along the way. Coronapalooza!
Oh. Muh. Gawd. That's brutal. It means Trump didn't even get one percent of the crowd he estimated. Not even one fucking percent!!! BRUTAL.
Have you seen the articles Fox News is running about this rally? You can't make this stuff up. Oh, wait... they did, and did they ever. &gt; ['Gutfeld' guests say Trump was 'comedic genius' at Tulsa rally while Pence lacked 'razzmatazz'](https://www.foxnews.com/media/gutfeld-guests-say-trump-was-comedic-genius-at-tulsa-rally-while-pence-lacked-razzmatazz) Comedic genius??? Wow. Even for crazies, that's CRAZY.
It was a mega MAGA flop. The Trump campaign expected 19,000 people in the arena and another 40,000 to 60,000 in an overflow area where they'd set up a stage with a huge monitor. Instead, the got maybe 6,200 people, total. Not the 1 million Trump bragged about. Not the 79,000 they'd prepared space for. Nope. 6,200. Where's Sean Spicer when they need him? Shouty Spice would scream about how this was the most attended rally in the entirety of world history!!!
The worst part of Trump's lies is the way he lies about things that are so easily disproven. He says he ran down the last ten feet of the ramp. Video footage says "Nope." Maybe he had the runs down the last ten feet of the ramp.
The U.S. has 4% of the world's population, yet we have 25% of all deaths from Covid 19 worldwide. But, yeah, it's the fucking RALLY he's upset about. FUCK TRUMP. Let's look at the timeline of his absolute failure: **January 22nd:** &gt; Reporter: "Are there worries about a pandemic at this point?" &gt; Trump: "No. Not at all." &gt; "We have it totally under control. It's one person coming in from China, and we have it under control. It's, uh, gonna be just fine." **February 10th:** &gt; Trump: “Now, the virus that we’re talking about having to do — you know, a lot of people think that goes away in April with the heat, as the heat comes in. Typically, that will go away in April. We’re in great shape, though. We have 12 cases, 11 cases, and many of them are in good shape now.” **February 11th:** &gt; Trump: "By April, you know in theory when it gets a little warmer it miraculously goes away." **February 24th:** &gt; Trump: "The Coronavirus is very much under control in the USA. We are in contact with everyone and all relevant countries. CDC &amp; World Health have been working hard and very smart. Stock Market starting to look very good to me!" **February 26th:** &gt; Trump: “We’re going to be pretty soon at only five people. And we could be at just one or two people over the next short period of time. So we’ve had very good luck.” **March 7th:** &gt; Trump: "I'm not concerned at all" **March 13th:** &gt; Trump: "I don't take responsibility at all." **And then last night, he has the goddamn nerve to say this:** &gt; Trump: "We’ve tested now 25 million people. It’s probably 20 million people more than anybody else. Germany’s done a lot. South Korea’s done a lot. Here’s the bad part. When you do testing to that extent, you’re going to find more people. You’re going to find more cases. So I said to my people, '[slow the testing down, please!](https://thehill.com/homenews/campaign/503758-trump-quips-that-he-told-aides-to-slow-the-testing-down-for-coronavirus)'" Keep in mind, the U.S. population is over 320 million, so 25 million tests is barely any, especially when you realize how many essential workers have to be tested frequently, so 25 million tests does NOT mean 25 million people were tested. The Trump administration has no clue how to handle the pandemic. They're such a disaster, their own campaign launch rally got decimated by TikTok teens and K-Pop fans. What a joke our country has become. VOTE THIS CLOWN OUT. VOTE HIS ENABLERS OUT. All of them.
Have you seen those ballots? Voters are receiving mail in ballots where their names are misspelled. Would YOU feel confident voting with a ballot where your identity isn't correct? There are [so many errors being reported](https://www.wave3.com/2020/05/25/voters-concerned-with-absentee-ballot-discrepancies-june-primary-approaches/) with Kentucky ballots. &gt; “When I looked at the instructions, they were dated October 2017 - two and a half years ago,” Crouch said. ERROR. &gt; WAVE 3 News obtained a copy of these absentee voting instructions. The one page, three step guide appears to contain information that was not updated for the June 23 primary. ERROR. &gt; In the section titled ‘Step 3: Return Envelopes to County Clerk’ voters are instructed to “affix proper postage to outer envelope” and told there will be a postage or delivery fee. In the same section, voters are also told “hand delivery will not be accepted" for mail-in absentee ballots. INCORRECT. &gt; Speaking in Frankfort Friday, Sec. of State Michael Adams explained the state will pay for the postage needed to mail absentee ballots back to county clerks. Adams also stated hand delivery of absentee ballots is allowed. And that's just a few of the errors people are seeing with Kentucky mail in ballots.
That's brutal. They zinged him in so many ways. The quip about small hands was nasty, but the shot of him slumping down the stairs of Air Force One with his tie undone was the worst. He looked so defeated. The Lincoln Project is doing such a kickass job. I hope this ad runs on Fox News, especially in D.C.
&gt; What, so he can deepfake attendance? So they can keep pictures of empty seats off the news. But that won't work. People attending the rally were tweeting pictures of empty seats last night. That'll keep happening.
&gt; Exactly what went wrong was still being dissected on Sunday. But a broad group of advisers and associates acknowledged to one another that Mr. Trump had not been able to will public opinion away from fears about the spread of the coronavirus in an indoor space. **And they conceded that myriad polls showing Mr. Trump’s eroded standing were not fake**, and that he might be on course to lose to former Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr, the presumptive Democratic nominee, in November. Cue the lifeboats.
That quote makes no sense if it's supposed to apply to modern day conservatism and, especially, to the Republican Party. &gt; We disapprove of state education. It's funny though, because Republicans are also anti-science. &gt; We object to a state religion. No. Republicans WANT state religion. They want the government to be Christian. &gt; Then the socialists say that we want no religion at all. No one says that about Republicans. No one. Republicans are the ones who hate atheists. &gt; We object to a state-enforced equality. Republicans object to equality, period.
&gt; Somebody upthread said that Pascale bought all the ad space there. I don't know if they bought that much, but I wouldn't be surprised. You're right that it's a shocking waste of money, but they're doing what they have to. They bought a lot of Fox air time in order to keep Trump seeing ads that will make him happy and prevent him from seeing ads that will make him upset (groups had been buying ads on Fox in DC since it's well known that Bunker Boy watches so much TV). It's nutty when you think about how much they're wasting.
&gt; They allowed anybody to request a mail in ballot- without a reason Have you seen those mail in ballots? They're a mess. Voters are receiving mail in ballots where their names are misspelled. Would YOU feel confident voting with a ballot where your identity isn't listed correctly? There are [so many errors being reported](https://www.wave3.com/2020/05/25/voters-concerned-with-absentee-ballot-discrepancies-june-primary-approaches/) with Kentucky ballots. &gt; “When I looked at the instructions, they were dated October 2017 - two and a half years ago,” Crouch said. ERROR. &gt; WAVE 3 News obtained a copy of these absentee voting instructions. The one page, three step guide appears to contain information that was not updated for the June 23 primary. ERROR. &gt; In the section titled ‘Step 3: Return Envelopes to County Clerk’ voters are instructed to “affix proper postage to outer envelope” and told there will be a postage or delivery fee. In the same section, voters are also told “hand delivery will not be accepted" for mail-in absentee ballots. INCORRECT. &gt; Speaking in Frankfort Friday, Sec. of State Michael Adams explained the state will pay for the postage needed to mail absentee ballots back to county clerks. Adams also stated hand delivery of absentee ballots is allowed. And that's just a few of the errors people are seeing with Kentucky mail in ballots. For the record, I'm an Oregonian. We vote by mail and it's fantastic. Every state should at least have the option to vote by mail. But what they're doing in Kentucky is a mess and it needs to be fixed. It's probably already too late to fix it in time for the November election, especially since Republicans who control the state want the system to be a mess in order to drive down turnout among minorities.
&gt; He’s just putting it out there at this point. Here's what you need to understand - and what we all need to remember: Bigotry wins votes in America. It pains me to say that, but it's true. The American electorate seems split into three groups: Bigots (Republican) Kindness (Liberals) Indifferent (the so-called Independents) I don't know what's worse: Bigotry, or indifference to bigotry. "Yeah, he puts brown kids in cages, but I got a $75 tax cut." Consider this: Trump bragged about sexual assualt during the 2016 election, yet he still got between 47% and 52% of the vote among white women. Exit polls said it was 52%, but some believe the number was as low as 47%. AS LOW AS?!? He bragged about sexually assaulting women! He should have gotten zero percent of the female vote! But white women stayed with him. Why? Bigotry. Somewhere between 47% to 52% of white women are ok with sexual assault so long as the abuser treats black and brown people worse. And, obviously, the white men who voted for him DGAF. He's going to double-triple-quadruple down on bigotry, because he knows it's his best strategy to win in 2020. And sadly, it is. Until we, as a nation, prove we're better than this, we are not better than this. EDIT: Typo oh OH.
That's a true quote, but I hope anyone who reads it knows the context behind it. LBJ (a Democrat) was explaining how Republicans use racism to get Republican voters to vote against their own interests.
&gt; i like to frame it as a scale from unconditional empathy to conditional sociopathy (i.e. yes i can be human to those around me, unless they fit the conditions of my Out Group then i will actively take pleasure in them being gassed in camps.) Another way to frame it is: Democrat: Cares about others Republican: Only cares about himself Independent: Doesn't care.
Meanwhile, Trump has replaced "Build The Wall" with a racial slur against China as his new way to make the bigots cheer. I couldn't believe how the crowd went wild today when Trump used his new favorite racial slur. They were in a damn church, cheering wildly for a racial slur. They're terrible people.
AOC didn't just defeat her opponent. She STOMPED her. AOC got over 72% of the vote. Michelle Caruso-Cabrera spent a couple million dollars and ended up looking even more ridiculous. Cabrera didn't even get 20% after spending millions.
&gt; Stupid politicians deciding we don't need science or medicine. Stupid VOTERS. He's doing what they want and they love him for it. Over 60 million people voted for the orange spray tan yellow hair dye clown who bragged about sexually assaulting women and ran on a campaign of racism. They chose him. Don't believe polls that say his approval is dropping. His voters are embarrassed to admit they want all of this, but they do. He's evil, and that's why they chose him. They want it. Remember when farmers were mad about how Trump's tariffs were hurting them? They still support him though. &gt; **["He’s not hurting the people he needs to be": a Trump voter says the quiet part out loud](https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2019/1/8/18173678/trump-shutdown-voter-florida)** &gt; "I voted for him, and he’s the one who’s doing this," Minton told Mazzei. "I thought he was going to do good things. He’s not hurting the people he needs to be hurting." &gt; He’s not hurting the people he needs to be hurting. &gt; This is what makes Trumpism work. This is the dark heart of our political moment. Even people who are tremendously vulnerable themselves, like Crystal Minton, support Trump because of his capacity to inflict pain on others they detest. The cruelty, as the Atlantic’s Adam Serwer says, is the point. The cruelty is the point. The bigotry is the point. The hate is the point. It's evil, and it's what they want. &gt; **Supporters Stand By President Amid Racist Tweets: "*[That's why I voted for him,](https://www.cbsnews.com/amp/news/trump-tweets-supporters-stand-by-president-amid-racist-tweets/)*"** &gt; "I know some people don't like his tweets and they think he's crass. I -- that's why I voted for him," said retired businesswoman Mary Lou Kohlhofer. The evil is what they want. They're too embarrassed to admit they're going to vote for him again, but in the privacy of the voting booth, they'll vote for him again with pride. Trump is evil, and that's why they love him. I hope he loses in November, but I'm not counting on it and neither should you.
I agree - but - people are people. Some people are good natured. Some people are evil. And in between, there's another third who are indifferent. Liberals = Bleeding Hearts. Conservatives = No Hearts. Independents = *"Ooh, there's a Big Bang Theory rerun on TV tonight!"*
Yes, Trump lost the popular vote, but the fact remains that 62,984,828 Americans chose him. 62,984,828 Americans watched him campaign on bigotry, and they chose him. 62,984,828 Americans watched him brag about sexually assaulting women using such vulgar terms and they still chose him. The Access Hollywood tape aired so many times on the news that all I had to do is say "the Access Hollywood tape" and you know what I mean and you know exactly where he grabs women. And they knew too. And they still voted for him. 62,984,828 Americans watched him bash veterans, and they chose him. He insulted a former American POW. He insulted a Gold Star family. 62,984,828 Americans watched him do that, and they still voted for him. Yes, Clinton got more votes than Trump, but what does it say about our country when over sixty two million Americans voted for Trump after all that he did during the election? It tells us that at least 62 million Americans DGAF. I'm not saying they're all bigots, though many certainly are, but every single one of them knowingly chose to vote for a bigot, which means they enable bigotry, and that's a fact. Many of them chose him BECAUSE he's a bigot. Donald Trump is a terrible person, and 62,984,828 Americans knew how terrible he is and they said "I choose him!"
&gt; Winnie Heartstrong, a Black Republican candidate running for a Missouri U.S. House seat, has shared a 23-page document alleging that the viral video of George Floyd's May 25 death was a staged "deepfake" video hoax involving a former NBA player and a game show host. Republicans are going all-in on the crazy. &gt; She also thinks that Derek Chauvin, the police officer who killed Floyd, was played by Ben Bailey, a comedian who hosts the game show Cash Cab. I can't help wondering if she really believes that, or if she's saying crazy nonsense because saying crazy nonsense is how Republicans get elected these days. Either way... yikes.
Or perhaps Colonel Flagg.
Did somebody say... [CHALKBOARD?](https://youtu.be/7niptfGSrhk?t=325)
&gt; Yeah but we didn’t fucking choose him. Right, but sixty two million people did. That should be one hell of a wake up call about who we are, as a nation. We're a nation where 62 million people knowingly chose the man who explicitly bragged about sexual assault. We're also a nation where a bigot can run a racist campaign and get sixty two million votes. That's scary.
He might think the virus gives him his best chance to win in November. If he can stop vote by mail efforts, possibly by going so far as to shut down the post office, the virus could keep voters from going to the polls. I don't think that will work, but maybe he does.
I want Biden to drop a Spray Tan comment. That would make Trump lose his mind. Something like "He's afraid wearing a mask makes him look bad, as if his spray tan doesn't look bad enough."
&gt; If that's the case why does he wear badly fitting suits He thinks the oversized boxy suit hides his weight.
BIDEN 2020: *He won't try to drop nuclear bombs on hurricanes.*
Rudolph, your nose is so red...
[...!!!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B6mh45mA_JY) (Wrong robot, but still, y'know)
BIDEN 2020: *He holds a bible right-side up, and he knows how to read it.*
Trump never had a first term agenda. "The Wall" wasn't something he actually cared about. His campaign staff created the idea of a wall to keep Trump bashing immigrants. Once he saw how the crowds loved it, it became his mantra, but it was never something he cared about. He only cares about the roar of the cheering crowd. As proof of this, watch his campaign speech in Arizona this past week. Watch him talk about Covid 19. You can literally watch him fishing for which term the crowd will latch on to. He even said it. He talked about how different names for the virus were "catching on." That's all he cares about. He wants to say whatever will make the crowd cheer for him. Behind the scenes, you can guarantee he's pissed that his staff wants him to stop calling the virus Kung Flu, because his racist crowds love it and that's all he cares about. Donald Trump may be in his 70s, but he only had a middle-schooler's understanding of what it meant to be president. He thought he was going to be king. The only things he likes about the job are the rallies and having people think he is important.
Find out if your blinds work with Home Assistant. If so, you could create an automation in Home Assistant where, when you press a specific button on your Harmony remote, Home Assistant triggers your blinds.
This is great - but - some of Craigs answers are nonsense. The idea that Apple couldn't come up with a worthy calculator app for the iPad is downright silly. I love Apple, but some of their oversights are baffling.
Democrats need to be reminding each other nonstop that this is about so much more than getting rid of Trump. We need to flip the Senate too. We need gains in the House. We need more governors. We need more mayors. And we need to oust everyone who enabled Trump in any way. Yeah, we need Trump gone, but we need to humiliate him so there can be no doubt about the outcome of the election. We need a landslide.
And even if we know we're registered, we need to check again to be sure, because Republicans have managed to purge millions of voters off the rolls. That's one of their many forms of tampering with the election. Put a reminder in your calendar for August to check your registration again, so you'll have time to re-register if those bastards purged your name from the rolls. Don't take anything for granted. Check it. Check it again late this summer. And then VOTE the bastards OUT.
They're so furious they might even get violent... ...again... ...which proves point of why people are protesting.
If De Blasio gets this done, I'll take back at least half of the awful things I said about him. OK, at least a third. Seriously, Bill, if you're out there... make this happen!
**WRONG.** Trump has become such a joke that many of his followers are embarrassed to admit they're with him, but they're still with him. The only way Trump could lose their support would be if he denounced white supremacy and publicly acknowledged that black lives matter. Trumpism is political herpes. At least 1 in 4 Americans has it. Remember: Voter turnout in the U.S. isn't even 60%, but bigots see Trump as their great white hope, so you can be damn sure they're going to vote. We cannot trust the polls if a huge chunk of the population is too embarrassed to admit who they're voting for. We cannot trust the polls.
Ah well... I was just thinking out loud.
What happens inside the Hancock Building when it gets hit by lightning? Do people living there feel it? Do they even notice?
You're absolutely right. This is exactly what we should expect to happen next - if it hasn't happened already. Nobody should be surprised if we eventually learn that Trump caught the virus and knew he had it but still held a rally or two before becoming too sick to leave D.C. And if he does catch it, we should expect him to hide that information until he gets better, at which point he will brag about how tough he is rant about how people who worry about the virus are weak. He'll say anything he thinks will make him look strong, and he'll do anything to avoid ever looking weak.
It makes me wonder if somebody in the Trump administration got word that news of Russian bounties on US soldiers was going to break, so they went full speed ahead into deflection mode ("They're going to accuse us of treason. We need to accuse Obama of treason so the term becomes meaningless by the time they accuse us!"). Trump always accuses people of doing things he himself does.
It's worse than betrayal. It's treason. If Trump was working to get Russia invited to the G7 even though he knew Russia was paying a bounty to have American soldiers killed... that's treason. If Pence knew but did nothing, that's betrayal, but if Trump knew, it's treason because he was working to aid Russia while Russia was paying to have American soldiers killed. TR34SON. This needs to be investigated. Trump and Pence need to be tried.
&gt; "He's going to be your president '**cause some people don't love me**, maybe." There it is. Trump sees the election as being about whether or not people love him. It's not about the job he's doing, or the economy or the spread of Covid 19. It's not about his racism, his sexism, or the way he harms our alliances while he buddies up to dictators. Nope. He thinks it's about whether or not people love him. The man is not well. I think he's lost it, and I'm not talking about the election.
Wait... bleach does more than just fight Covid 19??? [Nobody knew that health care could be so complicated!](https://www.politico.com/story/2017/02/trump-nobody-knew-that-health-care-could-be-so-complicated-235436)
That's so perfect. And on a related note... &gt; [Conservative Group: “This Is What It Looks Like When A President Gives Up”](https://www.newsandguts.com/video/conservative-group-this-is-what-it-looks-like-when-a-president-gives-up/)
That's his spray tan (notice the [goggle marks](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DipKauIWsAEinjZ.jpg) around his eyes). The only thing the cartoonist got wrong is the color of Trump's hair. [It should be more yellow.](https://static.boredpanda.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/donald-trump-funny-look-alike-1__700.jpg)
...draped over the end of the podium. Well done. The suit should be [floppier](https://media.vanityfair.com/photos/5ac5135d0a21754a0b8faf4e/2:3/w_640,h_960,c_limit/t-Trump-Easter-Tiffany-Melania.jpg) though.
&gt; “Do you want to sell sugar water for the rest of your life, or do you want to come with me and change the world?” &gt; --Steve Jobs
Isn't the bigger story the fact that the Trump campaign faced no consequences for removing the social distancing stickers?
What the hell is the deal with 2020? Covid 19 Pandemic. Murder Hornets. Godzilla Dust Cloud. Apocalyptic Locust Swarms. ...and then, Russia is like, "Hold my borscht!" I don't even want to know what's next.
I'm sure you're right. I just jotted down a few off the top of my head. Can you believe it's only June? We're only halfway through the year and we've already had a decade's worth of chaos and catastrophe, if not more. Oof.
On a grand scale, I haven't either. In terms of narcissism itself, I have seen it before. My sister is a narcissist. I grew up with it, though I didn't know the term until I was an adult (she's also bipolar and incredibly destructive). I could tell you stories that would make your jaw drop. Here's an intentionally vague example: When she was 12, a member of the family was kidnapped. To my sister, the story of the kidnapping is about how hard it was on her, even though she HELPED the kidnappers (because she wanted their approval). As an adult, instead of apologizing to the person who was kidnapped, my sister made a fucking youtube video about it and cried while talking about how hard that person's kidnapping (which she helped set up) was on her. That's just one example among many. Narcissism is a black hole which has no bottom. As a nation, we're going through jaw-dropping narcissistic events that future generations won't be able to understand. The bottom line is this: Even if Trump were to win the election in November by 90%, which has never happened and could not happen, it wouldn't be enough. He would need revenge against the 10% that didn't love him enough to vote for him, and he would use the full extent of the government to make them suffer. If he found out 75% of left-handed people didn't vote fr him, he would create a commission to identify all left-handed people, and he would order the justice department to convict them of... whatever possible. I'm not only saying he would do this. I'm saying he doesn't have the mental ability to NOT do this. For Trump, success is not about having the most. Success is about making anyone responsible for not letting him have the rest suffer. If Trump was a quarterback who just won the Superbowl with a score of 49 to 7, he wouldn't know how to celebrate, because he would be angry about the other team scoring 7 points. Instead of congratulating his teammates and the fans, he would attack the opposing team and anyone who rooted for them. That being said... he's also obese and lazy, so the closest thing to sports he can do is golf, where he lies, cheats, steals, and awards himself trophies which are displayed at his own courses (golf courses which were financed through dirty money laundered through Deutsche Bank). Hopefully, you'll never have first hand experience with narcissism. If untreated, it's a black hole with absolutely no bottom.
Is he lying? Probably... but... perhaps he's told this lie so many times he now believes it. Trump needs to be tested for dementia. Immediately.
Paging Susan Collins... Paging Susan Collins... What do you have to say about this one, Susan? I think Susan Collins is about to learn her lesson. She chose party over country. She needs to be voted the hell OUT of the senate in November.
&gt; if I plant a flag in Mississippi soil, is it mine now? It's Mississippi though. Do you actually want it?
The problem with that is, Trump's base doesn't care about Pence, and Pence has nothing to run on other than Trump's legacy, which is going down in flames. EDITED to add: The fact that Trump's base doesn't care about Pence cannot be emphasized enough. Trump ran on bigotry and his own cult of personality. Pence has the personality of a wet roll of toilet paper, and though he is a bigot, he's too much of a wuss to actually run a campaign explicitly based on bigotry. Pence has literally nothing to offer Trump voters, but he discredited himself a million times over among never-Trumpers... so, he's left with nothing.
Mo's clam chowder?
&gt; Tater tots, craft beer, and marionberry pie Maybe swap out the marionberry pie for marionberry cobbler!? MMMMmmmmmmmmmm!!!
&gt; I just can't see Trump leaving by his own accord. I can. Trump is a coward. Never underestimate the power of cowardice. Trump is a narcissist. He's not afraid of losing. He's scared to death of being seen as a loser. I won't be surprised if Cadet Bone Spurs tries to find a way to bow out that allows him to save-face among his fellow white supremacists. They've bought his lies every time. I won't be surprised if he tries to feed them one more - especially if the Russian Bounties story builds. Keep your eye on Mike Pence over the next week or two. Pence wore a mask to his public event this weekend, though he did take it off, and he recommended that people wear masks. Trump must be furious. If the Republican Party thinks Trump is going down and they fear he'll take the senate with him, party leaders might try to push Trump out &amp; have Pence be their next Great White Hope. It won't work... but still... keep an eye on Pence.
&gt; Watch him pick a real fight with China I'd bet on a war with Iran, if Trump tries something truly drastic. A fight with China could decimate our economy.
&gt; I wonder if hes trying to make the polls worsen. It would explain the white power video he posted yesterday. Or, it could be that the more Trump gets pushed into a corner, the more he pushes back... but also, the more he retreats to the core of who he is: a white supremacist. &gt; Hes trying to sabotage his chances. You could be right. Maybe he is. Or, maybe he feels like he's been pushed so far into a corner that he's attacking with the only thing he knows works for him: Bigotry. Granted, it will lose him the election, but Trump can only see this moment right now and this fight right now. He has no strategy. He's not a big-picture long-term thinker. All he knows how to do is act and react to whatever is directly in front of him. This is why he's always influenced the most by the last person he talks to.
Good lord, you're right. A war with Iran would be Trump's way of showing Bolton who's boss. And that's horrifying.
Nope. Here's what I did to work around this: I'm using Home Assistant to automatically switch Harmony to my "Listen To Music" activity whenever Home Assistant detects that OFF is pressed. It's possible to use IFTTT for this instead of Home Assistant. In my experience, IFTTT takes a few seconds to activate whereas Home Assistant is instant. So... my remote is always ready to control my main stuff without me ever needing to turn on an activity first. This works when the OFF button on a Harmony remote control is pressed, and it works if an activity is turned off using the Harmony app. My Harmony hub is always set to my Listen To Music activity unless I switch to a different activity. When I turn it off, it turns everything off as expected, and then it turns on my Listen To Music activity. I've had this setup running for 2 years and it's been flawless. Here's my Home Assistant automation code: - id: always_restart_harmony alias: Always Restart Harmony trigger: platform: state entity_id: remote.harmony_hub condition: condition: template value_template: '{{ trigger.to_state.attributes.current_activity == "PowerOff" }}' action: service: remote.turn_on entity_id: remote.harmony_hub data: activity: Listen to Music I'm a total novice with Home Assistant, but this works for me. I only use HA for a few things &amp; it's basically a Set It &amp; Forget It thing.
&gt; How hard is it really for people to say they were wrong? You tell me. You were a Republican even though Republican policies have been racist and sexist for generations. They used dog whistle phrases whereas Trump just comes out and says it, but veiled bigotry is still bigotry, and bigotry is neither decent nor common sense.
Next thing you know, he'll get kicked off AdultFriendFinder.com
You're welcome! Glad I could help! I really like this setup because I never want my remote to be off. I'm also using a Blink(1) usb LED notification light which shows my current Harmony activity (I had to code it myself, but it's pretty easy). Harmony OFF turns the Blink1 LED off &amp; I use a different color for each activity: Off = OFF Red = Listen To Music Green = Streaming Music Blue = Watch Broadcast TV Violet = Watch Apple TV ...etc I like this a LOT because at a glance, I always know what my entire system is set to do.
True - but - polls could prove to be much less reliable this year because Trump has become such an embarrassment. Trumpism is political herpes. At least 1 in 4 Americans has it, and few will admit it. 1 in 4 doesn't sound like a lot until you realize over 40% of the country doesn't vote. Seriously, voter turnout is shockingly low in our country, but bigots will be out in force voting to keep their great white hope alive. They're not likely to admit it, especially not to a stranger, but in the privacy of the voting booth, they're still thrilled to vote for bigotry. I could see Trump losing the election in a devastating landslide. But I could also see Trump winning by a squeaker of a margin. There's no way to truly know where this election is headed. We cannot trust the polls.
I agree. I've been expecting him to start a war.
Let's reword what you just said: &gt; I think ~~he~~ **Putin** is pushing for a civil war and I think **pleasing Putin** would please **Trump** greatly.
&gt; “There’s two people I think Putin pays: Rohrabacher and Trump. Swear to God.” &gt; --House Majority Leader, Kevin McCarthy &gt; "This is an off the record. **NO LEAKS. Alright?!** This is how we know we're a real family here." &gt; --Speaker Of The House, Paul Ryan &gt; [**June, 2016.**](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/house-majority-leader-to-colleagues-in-2016-i-think-putin-pays-trump/2017/05/17/515f6f8a-3aff-11e7-8854-21f359183e8c_story.html?utm_term=.5c01e14d2c63) They're complicit. And speaking of Putin's Payroll: &gt; "The senator from Kentucky is now working for Vladimir Putin" &gt; &gt; --John McCain, speaking about Rand Paul, on [March 17, 2017](https://www.cnn.com/2017/03/16/politics/john-mccain-rand-paul-rule-19-vladimir-putin/index.html) They all knew. They're complicit.
I'm not buying it. I assume Trump retweeted and praised the White Power bigots because he was backed into a corner with the Russia Bounties story &amp; he thought he could create a diversion. You said it yourself: &gt; Seems absurd for nobody on his staff to have the login info though. Exactly.
&gt; https://www.whitehouse.gov/briefings-statements/remarks-president-trump-vice-president-pence-members-coronavirus-task-force-press-briefing-25/ &gt; Q You retweeted the hashtag #FireFauci. &gt; THE PRESIDENT: I retweeted somebody. I don’t know. They said “fire.” It doesn’t matter. &gt; **Q Did you notice that when you retweeted it?** &gt; **THE PRESIDENT: Yeah, I notice everything.** &gt; Q So you retweeted it even though it said, “Time to fire Fauci”? &gt; THE PRESIDENT: No, no, that’s somebody’s opinion. All that is is an opinion. &gt; Q But you read it and you elevated it. &gt; THE PRESIDENT: No, I was called about that. I said, “I’m not firing him.” In fact, if you ask your friends in the office — in the public relations office, I was immediately called upon that. And I said, “No, I like him. I think he’s terrific.” Because this was a person’s view. Not everybody is happy with Anthony. Not everybody is happy with everybody.
&gt; By resigning now, he can get Pence to pardon him after the election (which Pence will likely lose). Or... by resigning now, he can get Pence to pardon him before the election. He's a narcissist, which means he doesn't give a rats ass about Pence, the Republican party, or his own voters (since they'd be no longer useful to him). Would Pence do it for a shot at actually being president, even if only briefly? None of this is likely, of course. &gt; He will make up some bullshit that he was forced to resign by the deep state but he will come back in 2024. Once he's gone, he's gone - from office, anyway. He'd have to run as a third party candidate after the damage he'd have done to the Republican party, and as a third party candidate, he'd further decimate himself and the Republican party, guaranteeing Biden a second term.
And when Putin hangs up, he just laughs and laughs and laughs... and then laughs some more. Never in his wildest dreams could Putin have imagined getting such a useful idiot in the white house.
...with two hands.
I think we need a new term for that... because those people are anything but super. A Sub-Par Spreader Event? A Stupor Spreader Event? A Stupid Spreader Event!
Bad dragon dildos? I'm almost afraid to google it... OK Google, tell me... is it a sex toy or a band name? EDIT: Just in case you didn't know either... &gt;!It's a sex toy!&lt;
Actually, he does understand that - or, at least, he understands retweets are his way to share what he likes. I suspect that Trump was seeing the Russia Bounty story showing up everywhere, so he thought "I bet they'll go crazy if I share this!" He probably figured this would be a great diversion, so people would stop talking about Russia and start talking about this instead, and he probably figured his base would love it... because they're bigots too. But the Russian Bounties story isn't going away anytime soon. In fact, it's going to get worse: &gt; **[Veterans Group Accuses Donald Trump Of Acting Like A Traitor](https://www.newsandguts.com/video/veterans-group-accuses-donald-trump-of-acting-like-a-traitor/?fbclid=IwAR1yIBNqJOrYSS_whCCOGkFalgkG6YqDm-cUqIRksg_l0NZxJUz7NO0yuSQ)** &gt; Donald Trump is being accused of betraying the military today. This comes after the reports that he has known for months that Russia paid Taliban mercenaries to kill U.S. soldiers in Afghanistan. &gt; The group Vote Vets released this ad saying “if you are going to act like a traitor, you don’t get to thank us for our service.”
EARLY 2019?!? This story keeps going from bad to worse to so much worse... and yet, it'll be interesting to see how many Republicans DGAF. As proof that I'm right, I ask you this: If Obama had been the president who sat on this info while praising Putin, how many minutes do you think it would have taken for Republicans to be marching in the streets demanding he step down? But it was Trump who did it, so... they put party over country while they try to figure out how to do as little as possible while saving face. Party first, eh?
That's the sweetest thing I've ever seen on reddit :)
Sadly, quite a few Republicans are. &gt; [Seven GOP lawmakers make a misguided trip to Russia](http://www.msnbc.com/rachel-maddow-show/seven-gop-lawmakers-make-misguided-trip-russia) When did these Republican congressmen go to Russia? 2018, on the 4th of July.
Indeed. Here's the source of that quote: &gt; If conservatives become convinced that they cannot win democratically, they will not abandon conservatism. They will reject democracy. &gt; [--David Frum, JAN 18, 2018](https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2018/01/frum-trumpocracy/550685/)
And Republicans DGAF. Isn't that the bigger story here? We know Trump is a traitor, but we have to come to terms with the fact that roughly 1/3 of the country supports treason in exchange for lower taxes (for the rich), conservative judges (many of whom are unqualified), and especially BIGOTRY.
