I saw them at Bonnaroo and their DC show in March. I was outta my mind at Bonnaroo but remember rockin out. In DC they had just stepped off the plane and still FUCKING KILLED. I love them
Come closer and drink malevolence from my teat
I guess, but also most people on here already have a digital copy, either illegal or through flightless.
Damn that's muh dude. Homie throws fastballs on the mound and on twitter. DC has the best couples in sports. Sean and Eireann, Kirk and Julie, Tony and Trea. DC is the capital of true love
please come back to dc and please don't be the weekend of the June 23rd k luv u. also bring uncle murl with you thanks
No DC or Baltimore? I'm sad, probably won't be able to swing philly on a Monday. Oh well next time
I like the brown fite me irl haters
Yeah I'm excited. At worst it'll be unique, but I think the mock ups look a bit weird because it's a solid brown. Should look cool with a transparent brown
God The Murlocs need a US tour and label. A live show and the ability to get Loopholes and Old Locomotive represses in the states is my dream
seems like a pretty fair deal for both sides, i just don't get the fit. that outfield defense is gonna be interesting, lagares can only cover so much ground
What a fuckin cutie pie
yay
Yeah, but it's a pretty solid top 1. The rest is questionable
I mean, I think it's a fair opinion to say Rendon is the best 3B in baseball. It just shows how deep the talent pool is at the position. I would say a case can be made for Bryant, Donaldson, Arenado and Rendon. I would put him 3rd but he is one of the best players in baseball. Edit: ok, downvote me if you want. He was the top 3B according to fangraphs last year over Bryant despite having 60 fewer PA's. Now obviously different sites use different metrics and Donaldson was hurt most of the year, but the argument is there.
i'm not defending his list, just saying that having an OPINION that rendon is the best 3b in baseball isn't completely crazy. i would put him 3rd behind donaldson and bryant, but he has proven that he belongs in the conversation.
i mean, my whole comment was just to respond to someone saying that the opinion that Rendon is the best 3B is delusional, so I can't really forget that because it is all my comment was about. yes the list is ridiculous and stupid, but I was not commenting on the list as a whole. The comment I was responding to made a point to mention Rendon, not Donaldson or Machado. I was responding to that
We finally win a playoff series only to blow a 3-0 lead in the NLCS.
BREAK YOUR PLAYSTATION NOW
If it’s about his ego he’s probably gonna stay. In LA or Chicago he’d be second fiddle to established stars. In DC he’s king
Hey not sure if this is where to post this, if there is a place for lost pets please direct me. This is my friends dog Avery, she got out on Wednesday afternoon in the Shepherd Park area of NW DC. I know this is a long shot but we are trying everything. I crossed out their cell numbers, if anyone sees or has seen this dog please PM me or post a comment and I will relay on to them.
I know, just felt weird posting their cell numbers on reddit. Wasn’t able to get their permission, they were busy. She was found safe this morning though so alls well that ends well I guess!
Similar but not the same. That dude is named Kenny
I feel like 7:05 games start late all the time and I’ve never heard of a team getting fined. Is it just not talked about or is it a minuscule amount or is this just not true?
You’re right, Zim’s contract is up after 2019 gotta get him that ring.
Yeah if we can re-sign Bryce we can live with a cheap, older 1B. If not we still can because ZIM IS MY DAD
Uhhh guys. I think this Russian guy might be pretty decent
How dare you insinuate that I am disrespecting my own father. As much as I love him, I like the L/R/L of this lineup and I'd rather give Rendon the extra AB's
Another home run for the best looking team in baseball. They deserve a stadium as gorgeous as their jerseys.
Ew. YELLOW TIL I DIE
Marlins. DO IT JETER
If it gets us Realmuto I guess I could live with this but I LOVE HIM DON'T SEND HIM AWAY PAPA RIZZO
If we don't get Realmuto Wieters is the guy. Hopefully he'll have a short leash and Severino will be given a shot.
Castle Face Records has a half berry half splatter variant for 17 bucks plus shipping if you are stateside.
That extension is probably only guaranteed for 2019 right? This move better coincide with using a HIGH draft pick on a QB. Fuck I'm emotionally confused right now
It's simple, give Alex a front loaded 4 year extension, probably isn't fully guaranteed. Draft a QB in the draft and have him back up Smith for a couple years. Boom save money, use money to buy receivers and secondary help we desperately need, still have a good QB in the short term. Lose anyway because OF COURSE WE FUCKING WILL
no need to mix sports with being a dick dude
come on man, lets not laugh at injuries. we're missing out on one of the greatest pitchers in baseball history, fuck injuries
whoever made that stupid nats are in first place post on r/baseball is to blame for this.
DOGGY STYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYLE *shakes fist in air*.
obviously mike foltynotgonnaspellthatright has been fire tonight, but jesus we have looked lost up there. outside of trea's lineout and bryce's two hard hit balls it's been bad ab after bad ab. stras was just as sharp and unhittable but the braves found a way. the bats have to be better
Well that wasn’t ideal. Gotdamn add him to the list of people I do not care for, straight fire
Murph should be back very soon, Rendon has been good and honestly Harper has been unlucky this year. Our offensive issues aren’t as big as people think, we will score 5+ runs for 10 straight but when we have a couple bad games in a row everyone’s saying how bad our offense is (mainly bandwagon Nats fans). I’m not worried about the Nats I’m worried about the Braves being good
jesus christ fuck this series
#JUAN SOLO HOME RUN OOOOOOOOOOH MYYYYYYYYY
sit down with yo stupid ass name
fuck yeah drax
dear trea, please do no be suck right now. k thanks
3 swings and misses in one ab. what happened to patient trea? not one of those was close
c'mon tony now would be a good time to check in. i have to leave to go watch the caps game after this half inning let's start my night off right
they do i'm just going to meet some friends i'm watching with a bit early to get drunk
You know he called that because he’s 19. Umpires in the MLB are the biggest jokes in sports, it’s all about them and their ‘unwritten rules’. Veterans earn calls, rookies don’t. Fuck this that is a joke
This game might be the worst our 1-2-3 has looked EVER. And I’m including the 2005-11 Nats. Absolutely abysmal showing against a bad starter and average pen
Our top 3 are 1-17 with a walk and 11 fucking strikeouts today. And these are our 3 healthy regulars. Jesus Christ
For 2 games man. Today has been really bad and our guys don’t look good, but the coaches are not to blame it’s just unfortunate that our big bats have decided to go cold in the same series. I’m not counting last night because Folty would have shut us down even if we were hot
There is no proof that he has done anything wrong. Taylor was never a good hitter, he is a streaky hitter and is proving that this year (has looked better recently). Other than him Harp has had some bad luck yet is still extremely dangerous, Rendon has been good (not this series but on a whole), Trea has been fine and his approach has been better. Missing Eaton and Murphy (and Tony for a chunk) for basically all of the season is a HUGE reason why we are struggling to score. The regulars are doing just fine on a whole. If Bryce had a bit more luck he’d be at around .270 and no one would be sayi a thing
Just not true. Out of our regulars Trea has greatly improved under Long at taking walks (not today but on a whole), Bryce is the walk king, Tony always takes pitches, even Taylor has been decent at drawing walks. Blaming Long is ridiculous, health is the main facto in our offensive struggles
Bryce has hit into a bunch f bad luck and still leads the league in walks and homers. And Tony has been very good when healthy, not as dominant but still very good (remember last year he didn’t have a homer for a month, basically the same number of games he’s played this year. He’s ahead of last year). And Taylor is not as good as he was last year. Never has been never will be. That’s it for regulars with significant ab’s.
Just gifted a power play and that’s what you do? Come on boys close this one out
Is Sevy hurt too? WHAT IS HAPPENING!??
Yeah I hadn’t heard anything just odd that Kieboom caught 13 innings and is starting again, did have a big hit though.
goodwin ain't that good, harper is broken, rendon is broken, scherzer is still god, trea is an enigma, the bullpen is good. these are the things i learned this series. oh, i also learned fuck this series
The Braves have been the best and healthiest team thus far in the NL east, their fans should be enjoying their start. That said we’ve played poorly offensively and have been the least healthy and are still just a game and a half out, so I ain’t worried. ALSO GO CAAAAAAPS FUCK YOU VEGAS AND YER CHEAP IMITATION MEDIEVAL TIMES INTROS WOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!
You can’t look at it like that, the amount of money Bryce brings in is exponentially larger than anyone else on the roster. The Lerners understand this, baseball is a business and Harper is an investment. His on field production is just the top of the iceberg for ownership. He puts butts in seats and bodies in jerseys.
I can’t imagine that other teams (especially the cubs and dodgers/yanks) maximum offer is gonna be much higher than ours though, if at all. All of the rumored destinations don’t have unlimited resources, and the Cubs are gonna have to re-sign Rizzo and Bryant soon and are hampered with heywards contract. Our limit should be the same as others. Now not saying I think we should or will, but if it comes down to money I don’t see anyone outbidding the Lerners unless they decide he’s not worth it. The only team that is gonna make a run that can feasibly out bid us are the Phils, but I just don’t see him going there or the Phils spending that much on one guy
I am really enjoying these last couple seasons. They aren't as funny as the early seasons, but they are really fun and great send ups of these genres. I love that Reed is taking chances and making the show he wants, not what others want. Obviously that will lead to criticism because fans want what they love, but I am enjoying the new direction. That said I do expect the final season to move back to the original setting. It would be weird if the final season was a Danger Island or Dreamland.
Yes
I am legit in love with FP. Fuck r/baseball Santangelo is the best in the biz
I really like the guy but his glove isn’t as good as Taylor’s, and right now Soto is our most consistent bat. If he’s sent down (Goodwin) it wouldn’t be permanent but right now it’s the move I would do
He only tripped him because Djoos was being dumb and pushed a guy into his goalie in the crease
Vegas also had guys jumping in dont really see how one team gets a pp there
I wouldn’t really argue that but you’re singling out Carlson when Tuch was also skating after guys trying to start shit. Refs routinely just penalize the first 2 guys they see commit penalties in those big skirmishes
that's a lot of hair
If he got that hanger last time he would have banged it
Damn, inning was fucked when Blach got that curveball call on the outer edge. Wasn’t a strike forced Difo to chase, 1-2 should have been 2-1
He’s been fine, got tested once on a ball shallow which he handled ok (Taylor would have made it look easy but he got the out).
I mean it’s cold and the cheapest option at the park sign me up
Literally never said couldn’t be happier. What’s wrong man why are you doing this? Looked at the post title again, who are you to tell someone how happy they are? He’s enjoying a baseball game calm down
Calm down dude Jesus
I don’t feel heinous I don’t feel no pain I don’t feel nothing I dont feel anything
I mean he might get sent down but I just don’t think Goodwin has any trade value. The only guys who would get us any kind of return are Soto, Taylor and Robles. And Taylor’s trade value can’t be that high, plus his glove and speed are extremely valuable to us. And Soto and Robles are UNTOUCHABLE
I’m not saying no one wants Goodwin, I just think that what he would get in return isn’t worth what we’d be giving up. As we all know injuries suck and with Eaton just back and Robles hurt having a guy like Goodwin with major league experience and options is an asset. He wouldn’t get top end talent back so it’s better to stash him in AAA (or as our 4th OF I do like him) rather than get a minimal return
I’m kind of with you but doesn’t mean they won’t. Also it’s not my money, and Robles/Soto/Turner are all cheap for a while and I trust ownership and Rizzo to continue to add talent even if Harper stays
I JUST WANNA SEE HIS BEAUTIFUL FACE
Or maybe he’s actually just a bit more mature and doesn’t overreact and snap if things don’t go his way. He’s producing, and watching him (especially when his teammates make big plays) he still gets super hyped when we win/score, he just doesn’t complain as much anymore.
Our offense is doodoo right now. I know it’ll get better but eeeeeewwwww
Long definitely tinkered with Taylor’s swing, so his worse production MIGHT be longs fault (though I still argue he’s not as good as last ear, and even so he’s been good recently). But I will not be convinced that Long has changed Bryce, Tony or Treas approaches. They are just not producing as well as they should, and even stil they are contributing.
Yeah and I’d bet we aren’t. I just feel like the issues we are experiencing (Harper being streaky, Rendon starting slow, Eaton being hurt, Turner being streaky) have always been there. In the past they’ve been covered up because we’ve had a deep lineup, this year because of injuries they’ve been exposed. Everyone hated Schu when these exact things would happen and then forgot to compliment him when we produced. If we’re gonna point fingers do it at the hitters not the coach
Are you seriously fucking kidding right now!?! Fuck he better be ok Betances
Mike Rizzo is such a fucking g
ugh marlins man. a sideways visor bro? go fuck yourself
i kinda get what you're saying but with fedde on the mound don't wanna give them any more baserunners than we have to
he's been a lot better recently (Taylor) but i expect for the time being Harp to start in center against most righties and in right with taylor in center against lefties
soto needs to stay closer to the bag, he is not a base stealer no reason to be giving outs away. also, adams. what are you doing?
this has got to be a fucking joke right? this might be the worst baserunning i've ever seen in a game and it's 3 innings in.
hey fedde can you stop falling down 3-0 to every hitter cool thanks.
#I LOVE SHORT PORCHES
338 ft lol
yeah, and eaton looks good and trea looks good, bryce is gonna be fine (i sincerely hope), murph is too early. but soto has been that fire
live by the short porch, die by the short porch
what a fuckin throw
murphy tater against a lefty for his first hit? lets do it
this dude is just filth
#JUAN SOTO AND JUSTIN MILLER ARE MY FATHERS!!!!!
probably the worst one of these i've seen. pitch was right down the middle but romine popped up must have blocked his vision
this isn't a tootblan if he's out.
could really use a bruce bomb right here
jesus christ bryce. it's been a month you can stop slumping now fuck
he literally called a ball at trea's belly down the middle of the plate a ball earlier. he's not been great but it's been bad both ways
our bullpen is fucking bucknasty. juan soto is literally a god
I think Soto's bloop homer tonight was 45 and the nats broadcast said it was the 3rd highest of the season. don't have the stats here but supposedly 2 guys have 46
Trouts contract mainly just covered his arbitration years, and the 2 FA years it covers he’s getting like 33 mill a year. It was basically a 2 year 67 million dollar contract which, at the time, was not team friendly (now it is though) Edit: actually covered 3 FA years at 33 mil still though
Sons graduating college this weekend
The Washington Dominicans are my favorite team
His babip is high because he’s been smoking the ball. I expect regression too but he hasn’t been getting lucky
Eh, I think he looks a bit off not really uncomfortable. I feel like his first couple games he was late but today his timing is better. He’s pulled the ball relatively hard twice tonight, he’ll be fine. And it’s only 10 abs plenty of guys have 0-10 streaks during the year, his isn’t surprising given the surgery and how early in the year it is for him
Brothers
Get grass you stupid Canadian idiots
And 3 moon shots.
I mean he walked 2 guys in 6 innings. I wouldn’t say the walks were the issue tonight for Gio
WELCOME BACK HITS
I feel like, and obviously hindsight is 20/20, but I want Taylor running early in that last ab (like first pitch). Also THAT IS NOT A FUCKING STRIKE FUCK
So fucking predictable. Runner on second no out and you don’t score, this offense has got to wake up
The ball was in center for a while. I get te guy was dekeing him but he never looked for the ball
Our offense is bottom half in baseball and pitching is in the top 5, but let’s add more pitchers and lose one of the best hitters in baseball ok
Thanks for showing up Bryce. Real great effort today
Severino and Difo are not everyday guys and are starting to show that. Reynolds had a hot week but this is the player he is, lots of strikeouts and power. He was never gonna keep up his first week
I think even with Kintzler Rizzo would be looking for another arm. With the emergence of Miller I doubt he goes after a dominant back end guy, we really just need a solid 6th inning/long guy
Probably Grace or Collins. We don’t need 4 lefties in the pen. I don’t necessarily think we need to add a guy but that is what I’d imagine he’s looking for
He’s always been a headache. I don’t feel like he does all that much damage against us but it seems like he always has 5+ pitch at bats and wears out guys down. He’s a pest
Goodwin isn’t much of a trade piece. He’s nothing special with the bat and has decent speed and glove. His ceiling is a 4th outfielder on a contender, those guys don’t get much return
I mean I’m not against gettin something for him I just don’t see getting anything that would help us this year in return unless he’s a part of a package
Nothing like giving up 4 straight baserunners with 2 outs. Come on tanner get out of this
Can you stop walking dudes please fuck THROW STRIKES
I get that the shift works. I understand that the analytics are right and runs are saved because of it. But when a shift leads to a run all I wanna do is punch fangraphs in the face. Also, Morales isn’t really a typical PULL hitter so maybe don’t overshift him as much, especialllg with guys on 2nd and 3rd
Just wanted to check in, don’t worry I’m not gonna start watching again but FUCK YEAH BATS!!! Also Brazil Switzerland is exciting I love the world cup
Stop
He had a down 2016 but last year he was dominant. Also, what are you talking about with his BA? 2015 and 2017 he hit well over .300. This has been the second season where he hasn’t been well above average to great, and he’s 25. And even with his bad season Dude is still leading the league in homers and will get it together. I never saw him getting 400 million, and still don’t, but if that’s what it takes I’d still want him in our lineup.
Oh you know if he went somewhere else he’d destroy us when we played him.
I got Stanton as a reward for beating the cpu on rookie while grinding out missions. I love him enjoy SO MANY TATERS
#HOLY FUCK WHAAAAT HOOW THE HOLY SHIT WHAT A BOOOOMB
technically bryce is right handed and bats left. but that's just being pedantic
#LA VERDAD
he~~'s gonna~~ be a stud
#WHAT CAN'T THIS KID DO!!!??!
when one dominican stud falls 2 more take his place
it's been a while since trea tater has shown his face. GIMME ONE BAE EXTRA BASE TREA IS BEST TREA
c'mon bruce
if you're gonna go just fucking go trea why are you taking the bat out of tony's hands fuck
eh, being on 3rd is big. not saying he should have gone but i'd rather he get thrown out at third than picked off like that. being on third means an infield single or wild pitch scores a run
Ok stop shifting him that’s 2 easy groundouts to short
NOICE
Giving Gray the edges and not Fedde fuck off
Holy fuck yes please (as long as price is reasonable)
Madson is closer quality too and when kintzler is back that’s 4 (I know he hasn’t been great but he has technically closed a lot so whatever)
LOOKS LIKE WE GOT ANOTHER HEAD FOR THE FUCK MACHINE BOIIIIIZ
Harper plays every day. He’s going to get out of it we just have to survive his slump. And if and when Zim comes back he needs to play over Reynolds. A healthy Adams is the only guy I want platooning with Zim
Noice
He’ll be here tomorrow I’d imagine
God Yankees fans are the worst. I bet half these assholes are cowboys and lakers fans too (yeah I know about Bryce)
It’s not about emotional attachment. You have to live with this, maybe give him some days off but we are not gonna win anything if he doesn’t get better and he won’t get better if he’s not playing. He sucks right now, I get that. But he will get better and he will get better sooner with playing time.
I wanna say give Harper a couple days off but with 3 against the O’s coming up he has to be in there. If there’s a rotation that can wake up a struggling hitter it’s Baltimore’s
Yeah if he can get one of those offspeed pitches to really click he’s gonna be nasty. That fastball is filth
Come on Collins what was that?
Probably not but it definitely ends the Kelley pitching in close games experiment. I don’t see him going down before Collins, though I wouldn’t be mad to see him go
I remember when Soto was called up I was thinking “this should be fun to watch the kid play til Eaton gets healthy”. Now I’m literally his son and we should give him 500 million right now
I was referring to the ones at the park right now. I said half because I assumed there are real New Yorkers either transplants or visitors
Pathetic
A slow chopper scores a run. A Reynolds double play scores a run. A fly ball scores a run. Really the only thing that doesn’t score a run there are FUCKKG STRIKEOUTS AND POPUPS FUCK
Yeah but Goodwin has also looked rusty and Adams is hurt. It was the right move, Reynolds really messed up though he was getting fastballs belt high middle and just fouled em off
I mean we have the o’s coming up. So that’s cool
Difo hasn’t been great either. He’s a ground ball hitter, and he’s been striking out more recently. Murphy was the right call just didn’t work out. It’s frustrating but it’s on Reynolds and Murph not Davey
Makes no sense to bring in a better hitter who is a fly ball guy over a ground ball hitter who has been struggling at the plate recently? If Difo has been left in there and not driven in a run we’d all be wondering why Murphy wasn’t used. It was the right call just because it didn’t work doesn’t make it wrong
Goddammit these last couple games we’ve been hitting right at guys in shifts and been giving up hits through shifts I HATE ANALYTICS
Chicks (and casual fans) dig the long ball. And yer damn straight I’m voting for him 5 times a day he has to be in right for the first all star game in DC
My phone has the weirdest autocorrects.
I have gained a lot of respect for O’s, Jays and Rays fans tonight. They have to deal with Yankee fan invasions all year.
I think MASN finally turned down the crowd noise wish they had done it 4 innings ago. It is a bit weird though it sounds muffled
Alright let’s steal this one. We haven’t had a defining win yet let’s do this shit
Yeah, guess he was trying o change things up and get out of his 2 month slump. Spoiler alert, it didn’t work
I’d just curl up in a ball in the batters box and cry
With how Pedro has been swinging he should not be allowed to swing with 3 balls. Both were close but he just chased two ball 4’s
Honestly don’t even care how this one ends I love these kinds of innings against dominant relievers. A win would be huge but great approaches, even Pedro had a nice ab
NOT A STRIKE
Goddammit. Great inning there just wish we had that approach against their guys that don’t throw 100. Offense has to be better hopefully facing the orioles wakes some guys up, Eaton Tony and Soto have been good but our situational hitting is horrendous. Another 0-fer with RISP.
I don’t think it’s Long. Bryce is broken but Turner, Rendon and Eaton are fine and Murphy is gonna Murph eventually and Soto is good and Taylor is looking better. We have all the pieces for a good offense but Bryce dying and having to rely on Severino and Difo in RISP situations too often is crushing us. Once (or if) Bryce figures it out and once Murph is in there every day I’m still confident we will score. Hitting coaches get all the blame when things go bad and no credit when they are good
His hips are flying open so early and he’s swinging and missing at an alarming rate. At the start of this slump there was a bit of bad luck, really hard hit balls at people (though almost all pulled into the shift so take that with a giant lump of salt). recently he has been whiffing on everything, high fastballs, belt high fastballs, breaking stuff away and in the dirt. His swing is so complicated and violent that if he’s not perfectly timed he falls apart. He’s lost his mechanics and his discipline. I still expect him to turn it around though I’m losing hope every at bat, this seems like both a mental and physical hurdle.
so you are gonna just leave out his best year but leave in a season where he missed almost half the year and this year which is just a third done? 2016 was really his only down year. 2014 he missed 60 games and was not 100% healthy all year. 2012 he had 5.2 WAR AS A 19 YEAR OLD. yes he's been inconsistent and yes he's a bit overrated but he is definitely very good.
3.83 war per year as a 19-24 year old is damn good. and if you don't include this year where he has struggled and is only A THIRD OF THE WAY DONE his average is more like 4.3 war per year. what sport are you watching theoretically we haven't seen the best bryce harper. it's gonna be tough to top 2015 obviously but most guys don't hit their peak til 28/29
i really think you are overselling his injury history (all freak accidents) and underselling how good he has been at his age. yeah his defense isn't great but honestly he's fine for a corner outfielder. and again, 4 war per year for your age 19-24 seasons is extremely impressive.
he's been missing fastballs down the middle consistently too his mechanics are all out of whack
There is no evidence that the home run derby messes with swings. There’s an article on fivethirtyeight that debunks that old theory, it shows that hard hit contact and power numbers between derby participants and non participants after the all star break are the same, and actually the derby participants hard hit rate is often higher after the derby. Also natural regression is a big part of it as well that’s just harder to quantify https://fivethirtyeight.com/features/the-home-run-derby-myth/
This FS1 announcer is a bit hard to listen to but goddamn that BONZAI after the Japan goals is just the best. I love him
I am partial to Jeffrey Characterwheaties myself.
Judge had a pretty standard regression. He struck out at about the same rate and actually walked more in the second half, but his babip went from .426 to .266 (and he still hit 22 home runs to 30 in the first half in like 13 less games). And Bryce can say that but his batting average was higher in the second half and while his home run total dipped he almost doubled the number of doubles he hit. I think it’s just an easy excuse to any struggles someone has after competing in the derby and really baseball is just a streaky game.
Let’s hope he gives us 6 strong and then I WANNA SEE KELVIN
They’re stuffing the ballot boxes but also they’re all deserving so I’m sure they’re getting plenty of neutral votes too
he probably doesn't deserve it but he has a pretty big cushion in the top 3 OF in the vote so he'll probably be starting, which i think is a good thing with it being in dc.
well i guess leading off is better than cleanup right now, hard to kill rallies with no one on and no outs. though i still think he should be 6-7. this is so tough because this team isn't gonna win anything unless he's hitting, but his not hitting is hurting us, but he won't start hitting again unless he keeps playing. short term it's tough to argue having him in the lineup but once he figures it out we'll all (kind of) forget this 2 months
i don't even know if it's a narrative, it's true. his swing is so complicated and violent that if one piece of it is off by a hair he's gonna struggle. what's impressive is that most of the time everything is so on time and balanced. his swing has been off since mid april and he just can't get it right now. i hate watching it but guys with complex swings are either locked in or off (look at zim, swing isn't as violent but there is still a lot going on and he's either the best hitter in baseball or a blackhole)
It would be cool if we could start hitting some more home runs. There is too much power in this lineup to have like 4 in the last however many games (and 3 from Soto)
I’m more a fan of Soto moving to first if Bryce re-signs. Harpers arm makes him more valuable in the outfield plus even though he isn’t that great he’s still a better defender than Soto
I’m guessing Davey doesn’t want him playin in a wet outfield? I hope that’s what it is
33 pitches no outs. He has gone from dominant to trash in like 2 weeks. I hate bad Gio come back good Gio
It’s pretty funny
I was referring to his rehab start last night
If you stop posting on here I promise he will
Relievers don’t get warm immediately. He can’t anticipate a grand slam there, it take 5-10 minutes and in that time he imploded. Gio looked fine in the first the wheels came off fast not much Davey can do
Bad Gio. Very bad Gio.
No worries my post wasn’t very descriptive
Coaches don’t win games players do stop blaming coaching for our poor play
You know what’s cool? When one team gets te corners called for strikes and the other doesn’t. That’s cool. Go fuck yourself ump
Nothing sevy could do today. All his offspeed was low and way out of the zone and the fastballs were all way high or meatballs.
I mean he literally is
The Nats team ERA is .1 lower than st Louis’ and San Fran has scored 4 more runs than us in 3 more games. Also Schu is just an assistant hitting coach. What point are you trying to prove?
Miller literally started warming up when that happened.
we're gonna get no hit aren't we?
i'm not saying schu and maddux are bad coaches. i liked maddux, but also this year lilliquist and long are not worse. the giants offense is better but not remarkably so. also, the nats last year (outside of eaton) were extremely healthy. this year we were missing 3/4 of our best hitters for 1-2 months. that and bryce being bad (which is on him, if you think long came in and changed bryce's swing or approach you're crazy) are why the offense is struggling. and the pitching is just fine. stras and hellickson injuries has hurt the rotation but when you have the talent we have the coaching is not as important. matt williams led this team to the playoffs. davey has kept this injured team of backups in the hunt in a tougher division than dusty every faced
#HOT TAKE
yes it is. rendon is great, trea is good, mat is coming around, eaton is fine, murphy is tbd but looks better, adams was having one of his best starts of his career until he got hurt. every regular has been good except harper, so long only screwed up one guy and no one else? this is such a hot take, harper has been ice cold but blaming long is foolish. his swing is complicated and he's having a bad year. and still he's hit 19 homers
I don’t mind being shut down by Snell, that dude is nasty and has been doing that to everyone. If we can’t score against Eovaldi though I’m gonna be mad
Even when max ain’t got it dat boi still got it
Kieboom cannot be worse than Sev. Make him the starter til Wieters comes back this is just a joke at this point
2Bryce is back
Like I guess I’m glad we aren’t gonna be no hit but COULD YOU SCORE SOME FUCKING RUNS FUCK
I love the dude and I know he hasn’t had many chances but Goodwin just ain’t that good. Our bench is sad right now, almost as much as our starting lineup
If you guys think that Bryce didn’t have the green on first there you are crazy. A manager calling a straight steal is very risky, because just running without getting a feel for the pitchers delivery and timing is dangerous. And just because a pitcher is on first doesn’t make it an automatic steal necessarily. They can still call a pick off throw he has a glove. Yes it makes it easier but still risking the leadoff runner with your hottest hitter at the plate is silly. Now I do think Bryce should have read te hit better and scored but that’s a different thing
According to this subreddit Schu was a bad hitting coach yet we scored under him. I get the idea that blaming the hitting coaches is easy and the blame falls at the players feet. But people on here seem to think that’s just crazy and Kevin Long is Hitler
I definitely remember during cold steaks lots of complaining about Schu
I think because of what he did with Murphy there was some excitement. And the Mets lineup, even when healthy, wasn’t exactly much to work with
So just an FYI drinking 4 dollar pints at glens garden market and following the game on my phone is the answer to our woes. Bless you cheap beer
True if big
I just screenshotted it I don’t trust that remind robot. I know it’s up to something
I get that’s the consensus but like most off-season ‘assumptions’ it’s based on nothing
His tax hit is under 4 million though right? That’s really all that matters for us. If that’s true than we have two catchers for the price of one Wieters
I doubt they rework this year, but no way the team will pay him the option amount. I see him signing like a 1 or 2 year deal at like 5-10 million per year (depending how this year goes). Also that quote of his makes my heart swoon, I love him so much NEVER LEAVE
I see him getting 1 year deals til he retires. He has no desire to go anywhere else and is still a viable bat.
Just say you voted for him because his name is dope bruh. I would have
I doubt any team would make him a full time DH. And he’s fine in the field, he plays first for christsakes. And how dare you say Zim should play for another team you GET OUTTA HERE
Uhhh, no he didn’t. He could have opted out after last year but didn’t, contract was 2 years he’s gone
Well Harper is my number one priority. I know a lot of guys are against it on here but I think letting him go is a mistake. That leaves roughly 20 million. I would then move Eaton (love him but he’s the odd one out) for minor league pitching depth or maybe a reliever or 2. That clears 5 million of tax room so 25 million. With that money we can’t honestly do much more than maybe add Happ and a reliever or 2/maybe a short term second baseman. Also I think Rizzo is inquiring about Carracco or other starters. This pitching free agent class isn’t really impressive so a lot of guys are gonna get overpaid, and I’d rather have Harper for 30 than Corbin or Keuchel for 20
❤️ u biskits
Probably not, could still sign him to play third
This guy got the Gomes deal right but I don’t believe this. I don’t think the Phils are out on anyone
‘Not News Nightengale’ is a good nickname for him
Hmmm. Are they all flat earthers?
I wouldn’t necessarily take less to play for the Nats but unless I had no other suitors I couldn’t bring myself to play for the Braves, Mets or Phils. I say that now with the knowledge that it’s never gonna happen though, cuz I know I’d follow those dollar dollar bills y’all so ignore everything I just wrote. GIMME THE MONEY
Heyman is saying around Darvish money, which is 126
Why wouldn’t he be interested in talking to the Nats?
We got some pitchers in this division gotdamn
I think we are still about 20 million under the tax. I don’t get how it works but we had some chart on r/Nationals that broke it down
He’s never indicated anything. It’s a solid guess to think that though, but he’s never really said anything about his plans
That was another late hit on Wilson by Reaves
Well yeah, still suuuuuuuuper late though. Plus he’s been going after Wilson all night
DO IT FUCK THE LUXURY TAX SPEND ALLL THE MONEYS LERNERS!!!!! #notmymoney
10 war in 2012-14 (age 19-21). Historic 2015, down year in 2016. He was on pace for another great season in 2017 when a freak knee injury sidelined him. He was bad for the first half of 2018 but after the all star break he was a force. He’s had 1 and a half bad seasons out of 7. And he’s only 26. I don’t get why people say he’s not a superstar, he’s one of (if not the) most dangerous left handed bat in the game. AND HES ONLY 26!!!
First of all his hair has volume and bounce, so that’s two right there. I don’t have a second point but saying first of all makes a sentence seem more important
Don’t play with me dawg u kno ur lyin
Yes he’s only had one historically great year but most guys have none of those. And if his knee didn’t explode last year he would have had 2 great years and 3 very good years. The guy is gonna be worth just about any amount of money he gets (if he stays healthy). Outside of this year he has been extremely consistent when healthy and is ONLY 26.
Giving any player a big mega deal is a big risk, of course it is. I just think you are unfairly comparing every year hes had to 2015. This is a guy who in the first half this year, when he was the coldest hitter on the planet, still had an ops of over .800. As a commenter pointed out below he was 15th in all of baseball in wrc+ this year even though he was ice cold for 2 months. He has immense pop, and even when he’s cold he’s still getting on base at an insane clip. Yeah he could all of a sudden fall off a cliff, but he’s shown his floor is still an above average weapon. Those are the guys you bet on
First off hes almost definitely not getting 400 (unless someone offers him like a 14 year deal). And I think he has proven time and again that he can produce at a very high level. 5 war age 19 season, 3 war age 20 season, 10 war age 22 season, 5 war age 24 in 100 games, and this past year he produced 4 owar in his coldest season (he got -3 dwar because he was forced to play center most of the year). The guy has had one bad offensive year and 2 so so years. In his age 19-25 seasons. GM’s have to take risks and there is a reason guys who know much more about baseball that either of us are salivating at the thought of signing him.
I’ve said for a long time I think it’ll be 12 years 360, which is about the same as 10-300 especially because there are gonna be opt outs galore. The AAV is really all that matters in these things, and if he theoretically stays for all 12 years at 30 a year that might be a steal. The tax goes up annually and 30 a year might be commonplace by then
There’s a link under the top 10 list for the full 50
A team that has existed for 13 years (yeah I’m ignoring the Expos) hasn’t won in 100 years? Damn that’s honestly impressive
(I was being sarcastic too)
Well that makes two of us than
Calm down dude
Miami is the best in my heart
I read somewhere that Royce Hopper named his dog Citizens Bank
Not Philly not Philly not Philly not Philly not Philly not Philly
I think people were saying 1. NYY 2. PHI 3. WAS
Pls don’t
It’s like watching grass grow with people in the way.
It’s just not though. If the Lerners are willing to go over the tax to get Bryce than they are willing to pay the penalty, which is a lot but something they can afford. If they are willing to pay the penalty than we really have no financial restrictions because they are butt loaded. I’m not saying they are going to sign him, it’s looking less likely than ever before. But people need to stop acting like this contract would destroy our future. It’s not our money and if the Lerners are willing to spend it we should be happy.
The Lerners are of the belief that spending too much on managers is not worth it, I tend to agree. They did mismanage some hirings (though with Bud Black they didn’t necessarily mismanage if, they just wanted Dusty) but they have ALWAYS shown they are willing to spend big on players, and though they said they want to stay under the tax I’ll believe that when it happens. And their personal wealth is definitely relevant because having that safety net of billions of dollars gives them the financial flexibility to pay the penalty that many other owners don’t have. If we re-sign Bryce Rendon is almost certainly gone, which sucks but it was always going to be one or the other realistically and Bryce is the more intriguing option imo. Also our top prospect not named Robles is a 3B. We have internal options for both so it’s not the end of the world losing one. Also It does not effect our ability to sign Trea people need to stop saying this. That is 4 years away so much can change by then, and as of now we only have Stras and Corbin with significant money owed then.
Hard pass on Harrison, Lemahieus away splits scare me but he’d be ok. I’d love Marwin but I feel like there’s gonna be a bidding war for him, he’s probably gonna get overpaid
NO SUNDAY NIGHT GAMES (yet) WOOOOOO!!! Fuck you espn
Maddux didn’t correct anything. He had Roark stop throwing his sinker because he didn’t know what was wrong with it. And his second half numbers weren’t much better that year. Kintzler saw the issue with the sinker and showed Tanner how to improve it. I know Lilliquist didn’t fix him, and I’m not even arguing against him being bad. I’m just tired of every time someone brings up Roarks struggles in 2018 the coaching gets blamed when in fact his problems started under a different staff. And they aren’t Maddux’s fault either. Guys just struggle sometimes (unless you’re Max)
Yes
Holy shit according to the venue the DC show is FREE!!!! I’m gonna spend so much money at the merch table
Dude I know. Just this year Stonefield, Oh Sees and Gizz skipped DC and Baltimore. This is great news
I’m rooting for you guys. I’ve been looking for an AL team that would seal it
Fucking boomed him
All that matters to the Lerners is the AAV though. Spreading it out like this helps them personally but doesn’t really affect our payroll flexibility. The luxury tax is the only thing that limits our spending
The 35 number is meaningless. All that matters is the AAV, the Lerners (Nats owners) are only restricted by the luxury tax. The tax hit is 23 a year. That’s all that matters.
I don’t think anyone hates Mikey. He’s just not good enough offensively. I would argue he’s one of the more popular Nats on this sub
I miss fun offseasons
No. The luxury tax is based on the average annual value of the contract, which is 23 million or so. The Lerners do this for many reasons, one is to spread out money just for their own personal books. And also 34 million dollars in 6 years is not the same as it is now.
It doesn’t give us any more room this year. His tax hit will be 23 million no matter what. And about his contract being tradeable it definitely still is. That 34 number is scary but the real tradeable number is the 23 that is taxed. If the Nats eat the 11 million or so (and assuming he’s still a commodity) he will definitely have value. Also 34 million in 6 years isn’t gonna be as crazy as it sounds now
For tax purposes the only numbers that matter are the overall (deferred money included) amount of the contract and the years. So in this case 6/140. The Lerners (wisely) do this because a. It helps spread the load out for them personally and b. because in 6 years these big numbers like 34 million aren’t worth as much.
Ah interesting. Didn’t know that
Cmon White Sox just offer him 400 and end this.
Hot dogs &gt; cheesesteaks
What’re you gonna do if I don’t? Probably fill it with cheese out of a can the way you animals operate.
Holy shit I do not care about the Mets catcher search. It’s every other post on here and there’s never anything solid can we stop with this?
The 4 is probably right, but higher AAV I’d guess. I’m thinking 60 or so
As long as Max Scherzer is in the NL fuck the DH. I actually have no issues with it and eventually the NL will adopt it, but goddamn I love watching him hit
The tax hit on Kluber for 2019 would only be 8.
Might be signing bonus related. These things are weird. The option years would be 17/18 a year which is still a steal for him
1. STEVE HOFBARDOZZI End of list
Sean Doolittle was in Pineapple Express so he’s an obvious choice
At the time definitely. Treinen was a train wreck for us. I’m glad he’s seemingly figured something out but you can’t just say “look how good he is now the trade was terrible”. Some guys need a change of scenery. and we got back a lights out closer of our own and a lights out (in 2017 at least) set up man. The trade is a classic win win
Wait, how would he be the only good player on the team? How much money do you think he’s going to get per year?
I mean, Max Scherzer is costing about the same as Bryce will get per year and he hasn’t led us to the World Series yet good players are still coming and ownership is still shelling out big money. You are making a lot of assumptions based on nothing. I don’t think Bryce is coming back but if ownership pays him they aren’t just gonna stop spending money. They have spent since they’ve owned the team. And this argument that Bryce isn’t very good is just moronic. He’s had 1 and 1/2 bad seasons in his ages 19-25 seasons. He has had one of the best young careers in baseball history, and he’s ONLY 26. No reason to think he’s not going to get better, and if he stays where he is he’s worth the money.
In 2018 Bryce hit .373/.568/.667 with 2 outs and RISP. Also, he had 37 plate appearances with runners on 3rd and less than 2 outs and hit .429 with 26 RBI’s. And when there was a runner on third with 2 outs he hit .476. What were you saying again? People on here are so weird when it comes to Bryce. He is one of the best left handed bats (if not the best) in baseball why do people act like he’s not good?
That is my one issue with signing Bryce is unless the Lerners really wanna go crazy Rendon is gone. If (when more likely) Bryce leaves Tony better get extended. But again I don’t think Bryce re-signing affects anyone else’s extension (maybe Max, but he’ll be 36 or whatever by then so who knows).
I get what you’re saying, but at the end of the day the decision to spend that much money lies at the Lerners feet. Yes we pay for tickets and everything, but this is a business. I certainly don’t feel bad for them but signing players to these big contracts is a HUGE risk on ownerships part. It’s easy to talk about on reddit but when it comes down to it the decision and money are not ours. So if they are willing to make that risk we have to believe they know what they are doing and have a plan for the present and future (which I assume they do you don’t become billionaires without knowing a thing or two about money)
No one. Also I don’t think Keuchel is worth the years and money he’s asking.
PUT BUFFALO BACK HE’S MY FRIEND
Why doesn’t the city name match the logo this is infuriating
That last statement can honestly apply to the Mets and Nats too. With our injury histories and lack of depth any one of these teams could win anywhere from 75-95 games. This seasons gonna be ffuuuun
Right back atchya dick ❤️
Didn’t they sign him like 2 hours ago?
That’s true, but it still was only 38-30. The Mets are a very good team but their ‘best record in the second half’ had just as much to do with the Phils, Nats and even Braves having bad half’s as anything the Mets did. Also if the Nats weren’t missing half our roster for half the season we’d have been in the hunt too. These hypotheticals mean nothing
I want a Marlins jersey but not those new ugly ones. I want one of those orange ones, those are dope.
I didn’t make it sound like they were 20-62. I said they are a very good team, but if the best record in a division for half the season is a 90 win pace than that division has teams that are scuffling. Especially with how good the Braves and Phils first half’s were. And again the hypothetical I was referring to was ‘what if the Mets didn’t have their worst month in team history’. I responded by saying ‘what if the Nationals stayed healthy’. Both of those statements mean nothing because those things didn’t happen.
You should change your username to /u/i-only-post-hot-takes
It’s really not popular at all in Cuba. Baseball is life there
Much more popular in America now too but still not close to baseballs popularity
No?
Machado is going into his age 27 season. Rendon will be going into his age 30 season when he hits free agency. The contract for Tony will be approximately 3 years shorter. The annual value of both will be high 20’s to 30. That’s about 100 million in overall difference
Casserole eating motherfuckers
In Rizzo I trust.
Murphy didn't play til June 12th and wasn't fully healthy til the middle of July. Murphy's offensive upside is higher than DJ's because of his power but his defense at second is terrible. Hope he'll be playing first a bit for you guys
Might as well. The Mets get a lot of shit for that but it’s actually smart business to defer salaries. (Not the Bonilla payout but deferred salaries in general)
But I would hate him the most in Philadelphia
Oh yeah totally. But it was a different scenario than a contract with built in deferred money. Obviously it looks bad on paper to some people to pay someone for 25 years like that but a million a year to these people is nothing. And it’s becoming even less than that every year.
Terrance Gore is only saying that because contending teams don’t want him
He’s the worst player on one of the worst teams. He only said that because no contending team wants him.
That’s some 4d chess shit
Oh totally, that has been and always will be my number one choice. It’s just looking less likely and I’m trying to be a realist (not sure why)
Holy fuck yes. With Desi, Murph and Harper they can be the Mountain Nats (I know Daniel was yours first let me have this)
No way. Dodgers just sent Puig and Kemp to Cincy. They’re gonna make a run at him. We have given him the best offer only because it’s the only one that’s been confirmed. Not saying there is no chance but the Dodgers want him and the White Sox and Phillies can both outspend us by a ton. I hope you’re right I just don’t see it unless the Lerners decide to go all in and say fuck the luxury tax
Will one Bryce Harper cheer you up?
They were under the tax last year no? Surely they can go over without it hurting too much. The Nats went over for the second year in a row and only paid a 4 million penalty. I guess they’d lose a draft pick too?
❤️
Tanner Roark has underrated cake
Braden Holtby is my father. The balls on this sexy beast
Being a big dick boss
Yes, I know. He wanted a major league contract, which only non contending teams would offer
I am going to choose to believe that Bryce doesn’t like Philly because that makes me very happy indeed
Anthony Rendon and Trea Turner are the cutest couple in baseball. Max Scherzer likes dogs and has weird eyes. Also Juan Soto is really cool and hits hella dongs.
Dusty didn’t decide to play him he was forced to play him because of Eatons injury. And he got incredibly lucky that year his babip was insane. His k percentage was just as bad and he didn’t take walks.
~~Vikings~~ Jets legend Brett Favre
Calling any of those guys you mentioned ‘promising’ is kinda weird. They are established all star/mvp candidates. Promising players are guys like Soto and Acuña and Vlad jr.
Not legal. Plus the tax hit would be the same luxury tax is based off of the average annual value of the contract
He didn’t win, finished in 8th. But yes he was traded mid season
Henderson Alvarez did in 2013. Walkoff wild pitch too
Tony Rendony has gotta be in the top 7 in the nl East. Cmon now can’t put acuna and Soto over him they only done it for a year
Me too, but Ovi was on the ice there.
Yes I would. I rest MY case.
FUCK THE DH!!!! Tanner the Manner Broark is the best fuck yes I love this shit
Eat shit turds is the best insult in the world. So pumped to see my first live show in DC.
Hail Satan!
Trea Turner good, Bullpen bad.
HAIL SATAN
I’m really happy that he’s better, but he should think about taking another 4 days or so. Just to be 100% sure he’s fully healthy
I don’t want the Braves to get him but I also don’t wanna see him have to shave. It’s quite the conundrum
He's not saying that no Eastern Europeans were sent to the camps. He's saying that some of the Eastern Europeans who were not sent to the camps saw the Nazis as liberators.
One just flew over my head in NE. That was confusing thanks for the post
Almost definitely. They have Pipe-eyes new album so I would imagine they will add Stonefield tomorrow Edit: just saw a post on Flightless Facebook with a red version. That might be the US/ROW variant
I hate to be that guy but the Battle of Hogwarts is in May of 1998 and All Star came out in May of 1999. Also I’m really fun at parties I promise
Yeah now that I actually think about it they’ll probably just get a batch of the green ones. Probably won’t be up for presale either. ATO has only had their own variants of Gizz and Murlocs newest album
I’m really fun at parties as long as everyone keeps their Harry Potter facts straight. And also there has to be an even number of people there.
Are we positive he didn’t threaten to eat his grandchildren? We should investigate
It is all down to our bullpen, which by the way has been one of the best in baseball this month. But saying we are way behind the Phils and Braves is pretty shortsighted. The Phillies have huge pitching problems and the Braves bullpen is also iffy. Clearly this year we’ve underperformed greatly but talent wise we are as good as anyone in the division
Since the start of June our bullpen has been great and we’ve been one of the better teams in the NL. It’s literally all the bullpen and that makes this year so much more frustrating
They (Phils and Braves) have been much better than the Nats this year (though we have scored more runs than the Phils and allowed less than the Braves even with our shit bullpen). I’m not arguing that. But literally the only reason we are so far back is the bullpen. And that has been much better for the last month or so. The gap may be insurmountable but to say we are far behind those two teams talent wise is just untrue
Yeah and going 14-7 over teams like that is what really talented teams do. And we took 3/5 from those two contenders you mentioned, which is also what good teams do
I didn’t say we’d be in first place with an average bullpen. I said it’s why we are 9 games back. We’d probably be 3/4 games back with an average pen. They have cost us about 6 wins this year. They’ve been terrible. Also again we have scored more runs than the Phillies in the same number of games. We also have a better team average, OBP and SLG than Philly. The Braves have been the class of the division but our bullpen was historically bad for the first 2 months.
Y’all ain’t catching the Dodgers
Yeah wel the babies born the last time the Nats won a Division Series are nothing years old. We win again
If he was actually any good he’d have been to an all star game by now. #overrated
Y’all next
Super pumped. Baseball is fun again!
I mean I don’t like the guy either but he was clearly doing it towards the Phils dugout. They’ve been doing weird hand shit after hits all season
I think she is playing a bit of a character on the podcast. She knows what the people expect and what’s funny, and her reaction made that bit funnier. Or she’s just living in a bubble that also might be true, she’s bonkers and I love her.
The pettiness sustains me.
Yes but we aren’t a team that is going to full rebuild because we don’t need to. If we had a league average bullpen we’d be right with Atlanta right now. Since the bullpen has leveled out we have been one of the best teams in baseball. Why trade the best pitcher in the game when we are still competitive and look to be through the rest of his contract? Not to mention how loved he is by the fans
I’m extremely confident. There is 34 million/year to give him with Zims 16 mil and Rendons 18 this year. So the money isn’t an issue m. I just refuse to believe that ownership will let Harper and Rendon walk in back to back years.
We got a 50/50 shot
Hank Aaron was just silly good
He’ll probably get past Cobb unless he gets hurt. He’s at 104 total bases this year already
16 6+ war seasons. What a dude
I’m just glad to see that all the most deserving candidates are on here and not a single person has been snubbed. The fans sure got it right. #salty
Huh?
Oh shit we good again
This shit is confusing
Kendrick will get starts at first second and very occasionally at third. We have 4 guys for 2 spots (Dozier, Howie, Adams and Zim) and two of them need regular time off (Howie and Zim are old and recently injured). It’s gonna be fine. Also every year people say Zim is done yet every year save one he’s been an above average hitter. He might surprise us. And finally Adams has been big recently but if you look at his numbers he’s been an average bat this year. Zim gives us that with better defense
He was very good last year. He was great two years ago. I don’t get the hate for this man. Also he’s not gonna play every day so stop with that. And another thing, Adams has been clutch and obviously I love the man, but if you look at his stats this year he has been an average bat. It’s what he’s always been. A guy with pop and not much else. We overrate him a lot and underrate Zim. Leave my dad alone
I don’t understand how Zim is gonna be the difference in 3-4 games. He had a bad start to the season but last year he was very good with the bat and is our best defensive first baseman. How about we let him play a bit before we decide he’s gonna cost us games
First of all don’t know why you’re bringing gidp numbers into this they mean next to nothing, Pujols led the league like 3 times in his prime so who cares. I’m not saying he’s prime Pujols obviously but he still hits for plenty of power (Zim). Also his 2012 season was dope. And lastly we don’t need a power hitting lefty first baseman. I’m sorry but Adams is not an everyday bat and never has been. He has more value on the bench than anyone else on our roster. Our lineup is deep enough to be ok with an average - above average bat at first, especially because he is the best defensively of the three (again not saying he’s great there but he’s better than Adams)
Suzuki is having one of the better offensive seasons at catcher in baseball. I see him getting the majority of starts after the break. Eaton is having a down year but still getting on base at a very good clip. Robles has been clutch and is still young, he’s shown flashes of brilliance and flashes of being a rookie. Dozier is heating up fast and Kendrick is there as well if he falls off again. First base is probably our weakest spot unless Kendrick is playing there, but again Adams kills righties and Zim kills lefties (and just last year was excellent when healthy). Also how can you have been watching our offense the last month and not think we have a deep lineup? We’re scoring runs at a very, very healthy pace
A 115 OPS+ is pretty good though. Nobody’s claiming he’s an all star but he is still a good hitter who deserves to play. Especially against lefties though
He won’t be, but he’s gonna start against lefties for now I’d guess. He’ll be playing tonight definitely, probably DH
We are in the top half in baseball in runs scored and 6th in the NL. With our pitching, as you said, that is more than enough. And it clearly is more than enough as we have been on a 100+ win pace for over a month now.
Thats fair, I definitely overrate Zim because of personal bias. However last year after he got healthy Zim had an ops over .900. But also at times people definitely overrate Adams in here. People calling for him to start everyday over Zim when he has slightly worse numbers is a pretty good example of that.
My point was every year since like 2014 people have said he’s done and needs to go yet every year except one he has been a good bat. I’m gonna give him a longer leash than most yes but outside of 2016 he has been at worst above average
Yes Zim hits into his share of dp’s but did you know that last year he had an .1100 ops with 2 outs and RISP. It was around.850 in 2017, which was arguably his best year of his career. He has bad AB’s like everyone else and I am not claiming he’s an all star or even should be starting every day, but he has been clutch the last two years and still has a lot to give us offensively.
Ok? Guys have good and not so good months. You also left out Adams’ stint in St Louis last year where he had a .530 ops. We all skew stats to help our arguments.
First off a .533 ops is terrible even for a pinch hitter. Adams is a great PH, he had an ops of .850 in March and April this year as a PH so that’s not an excuse I’m gonna buy. Also Zim has always been streaky, but if we’re gonna break it down week by week to show how his .910 ops second half last year “wasn’t good” that just doesn’t seem fair. All that said I’m not saying Adams doesn’t deserve to play and Zim should be starting everyday. I just think people continue to pretend that Zim isn’t an above average bat despite years of him proving he is
143 points lower. And Zim has been bad in limited time this year. Shows just how bad Adams was in StL last year
He was hitting 96 and that changeup is still as filthy as ever. Don’t get my hopes up Fernando
He’s making a Canada joke
I mean he’s not but he’s definitely in the convo for the best all around left handed bat. His eye and plus power and wicked cute smile are a combination few have
Get this commentator doing national games in America. Fuckin gorgeous
WITNESS HIM
You are including 2017 and 2018 for Robles which combined he played 34 games. Come on man that’s just silly. His one full season he put up 2.5 fwar and 4.1 bwar. Get this bullshit take outta here.
Robles hit .255/.326/.419 with 17 home runs in his age 21 season. If that is his ceiling he is miles better offensively than Hamilton, but something tells me it’s not. Well just have to wait and see
Sir this is a Wendy’s
This says 4 years but doesn’t give overall value, the Braves could be at like 90 overall and the twins or Nats could be around 100-110. also these reports are usually bullshit so who really knows
Clayton Kershaw and choking in the playoffs?
Ah yes, I forgot Reddit hates tired jokes
Forever? No. For one game? Sure. But also the country was (more) super racist back then so fuck that (and I’m white)
Potentially
He had a .969 OPS with the Nats in 40 games. Obviously a small sample but he was one of our best hitters in the last couple months
He’s not back yet, just talks
While I agree that Cole is better right now, I have a really hard time seeing him getting much better than this past year. I can totally see him pitching 4 or so more seasons at this level but a 2.5 era and 14 k/9 is hard to top
Oh 100%, dude is insane
Steve Lombardozzi
He’s a FA
Makes sense, if ATL had the highest offer he’d have signed by now.
It feels mean to roast a team that hasn’t won a World Series in over 100 years, just seems cruel
You hated us for beating the Dodgers? You like the Dodgers more than us? That stings
3 million for a bench player is pretty standard. He’s got pop and is one of the best defensive outfielders in baseball. I don’t want him starting 120 games but he provides value
Not just this tho
New decade baby
If I’m in my 30’s when I turn 30 (which I am unfortunately) then 2020 is the start of a new decade I don’t care what anyone says
I misread this as 21.75 and damn near had a heart attack.
Ok? I am still in my 30’s. It’s just easier and makes more sense to group the decades by the last 2 digits in the year. Saying the year 2000 is in the 90’s makes no sense, but by your logic it would be.
Because it’s not about what mathematically constitutes a decade it’s about what we as a society have decided to define it as. When we say the 70’s we don’t mean 1971-1980 we mean the years with 70 in them. This is so silly why are you dying on this hill?
Look man clearly you have to have the last word so good for you. I don’t understand why you are making such a huge deal about this but all I’m saying (and have said) is that 2020 is a different decade than 2019 and any amount of you calling me ignorant or saying we are in a “baseball sun” isn’t gonna change my mind. Have a good night
“Want too”
“Beacuse”
Well what’s he supposed to say? He can’t seem desperate I’m pretty sure we’re still in on Donaldson (please)
Seasons 1-5 (and parts of 6) are some of the greatest television ever produced. And even as shaky as 7&amp;8 are they are still huge achievements. You can argue whether it should be second but it is easily a top 5 show of the decade
We are WSN on bbref (on season stats/records) because WSH and WAS they use for the 2 previous Senators teams
His numbers are shocking considering he plays half his games at Coors. I love the guy but he’s never been more than an average bat
Just cuz it’s a meme don’t make it not true
Clippard is a Twin, signed in December. And Dyson is probably gonna miss most of if not all the 2020 season. I think our bullpen is pretty much filled out anyway. Doo-Harris-Hudson-Rainey-Elias-Suero-Strickland and Fedde/Ross (whichever one isnt the 5th starter).
Ross will probably be our 5th starter to start, he was excellent starting last year and terrible out of the pen (limited games but still). Fedde is unexciting but as a long relief guy/spot starter he’s fine. He’s not all that good but guys like him (4.5 era can come in out of the pen or start and eat innings) are valuable. I like Voth a lot but I think he starts the year in the minors. If Fedde or Ross falter he’ll be up. And if Elias/Strickland revert to their career norms (in Elias’ case just stay healthy) we’ll be in good shape. I’m very comfortable with them being our 6th and 7th options out of the pen
Wait how is he out of options? Not saying you’re wrong I just looked it up. Don’t you get 3 option years? He’s only been in the majors for 2. I don’t get it
I thought you only lost an option if you are on the MLB 25 man roster and are sent down. I didn’t realize being on the 40 man automatically uses options
You have to face him 18 times a year haha. Also I’m sad
Oh no the town is .69 sq miles? NOBODY SAY IT
I don’t think the Yankee would have given him a ton of money because they didn’t have to, MVP or not. It probably cost him a million or so in his arb hearing but even then 8.5 million is a huge first year number. And any extension/FA deal he gets is gonna be huge no matter what.
Not in 2018/19. Yankees only had to pay him around the minimum. And 8.5 million is a huge first year arb number.
Not considerably more. Maybe around 10 but not insanely higher. The arb numbers increase every year.
I’m not saying he shouldn’t have made more money but teams are cheap. If he had won an MVP he would have used that to argue for a bit more than Betts got and the Yankees would argue that he missed 100 games in 2018/19 to save money. He definitely lost a bit of money but it’s not some huge unfathomable amount. Plus now he can use the Altuve scandal to his advantage in future negotiations Edit: another thing to consider with Betts and Bellingers huge first year arb numbers is their best years happened immediately before arbitration. Judge had two injury riddled (though still highly productive) years between his best year and arb. I don’t like it but that definitely was a factor as well
I don’t know how likely it is. Cody got 11.5 because he had his huge year directly before arb. I think the 2 injury shortened years between Aaron’s huge year and arb really hurt him. If Judge has his exact 2017 season in 2019 I bet he gets as much as Cody regardless of the mvp or not. Also his injuries did happen so there’s no point arguing what would have happened if they didn’t. And teams don’t care if it’s a freak injury or not they’re going to use that in negotiations. I don’t like it but teams use everything to save money in these things.
If Doo got it it is good. All things that Doo do be good
So what I have learned this episode is that Henry is a certified Scientologist and Marcus would have 100% joined Heavens Gate.
Fuck even his empty betters are filthy. Whew lad 8 goals in 3 games this kid is alright
I can’t wait til he passes Gretzky and immediately retires mid game. I mean it’d be sad because hockey and the Caps need Ovi but also it would be the ultimate boss move
My totally not biased at all picks: WS: Yankees (boo) MVP: NL-Soto AL-Rendon CY: NL-Scherzer AL-Cole ROY: NL-Kieboom (not trying to be biased here just don’t know many rookies) AL-no clue
We should wait til 2 weeks from now to ask this question. If the Chiefs win Reid’s reputation should change quite a bit
Trea put up 3.4 bwar (3.3 fwar) in 73 games in 2016, 2.6 (2.8) in 98 games in 2017, 4.1 (4.8) in a full season last year and 2.4 (3.5) in 122 games this year, and played most of the season with a broken finger. Dude is not talked about enough
If we weren’t willing to give Rendon 7-245 we ain’t gonna give up prospects for a guy making around that. Also giving up prospects for a guy who might only be around for 2 years. I would love to have him in our lineup but it ain’t happening (especially now)
Yeah but he played for a long time and never played for the Rockies so he’s clearly a HOFer
If we had offered Rendon a little more than the Angels offered he would have stayed. He might have us some issues with the Nats but it’s all about money
So is saying Rendon didn’t wanna be here anymore. That’s all any of this is
They jump all over at their shows. I saw them in August and they started and ended with their new thrash stuff but played songs from just about all their albums.
What? Signing or not signing Rendon has nothing to do with Soto. By the time Soto is a FA Scherzer and Corbin will be off the books plus like everyone else on the team. Rendon wasn’t signed because the payroll for the next 3/4 years is huge (and also he wasn’t super into deferred money). And yeah I would definitely take Arenado over Kieboom but I’m saying the team probably won’t because of cost. Plus we have Kieboom under team control for 6/7 years (not 100% sure which) not 5.
You are just putting a random price down for Soto. He’s gonna get a huge deal but Trout is only getting 35 a year (he took a discount but still). We have no idea what his contract will look like, plus they can structure the deal to front/backload it to lessen the 2028/29 cash payout. Also it’s not as simple as “if we offer Kieboom they will give us Arenado”. First, they said they aren’t trading him. Second, Kieboom is our top prospect but for a guy of Arenados stature Kieboom would just be a part of a package. Third, it’s just a huge risk. If he’s great, then we basically depleted our farm for a 2 year rental. I know that sounds dramatic but giving up 2 of our top prospects (which I think it will take) really hurts our system. Not the worst thing in the world because he would give us a better shot to win more World Series but would weaken the team long term. But if he’s not elite, which looking at his home/away splits is a possibility, then we are stuck with a guy who costs as much as Rendon anyway but lose prospects in the process.
Council*
ADAM DUNN GOT A VOTE!!!!! WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
SOTO SHUFFLE!!!!!!
Rendon in an Angels jersey too. We can cry together 😢😢😢
We already have Gomes signed for 2 years. I doubt we start the year with 3 catchers but he provides good depth
I guess a decent depth piece for spring training, he’s not making the roster though so he ain’t getting the 1 mill
We had a building period never a rebuild, so technically Ryan is right
When did he have Wieters hit in front of Murphy? In 2017 Wieters was never higher than the 5 spot, and even that was only 3 games. I think you mean Werth
Not really though, the Lerners inherited a dumpster fire when they bought the team. It is a build for them, for the franchise as a whole you can call it a rebuild technically but for ownership they were basically starting from scratch talent and front office wise. And yeah the payrolls were small, those teams wouldn’t have been improved enough by spending on a couple guys. Though I do know that the Nats offered Teixeira a huge contract (supposedly 8-160) in 2008 and 2011 is the first year of the 126 million dollar Werth deal. They have always been willing to spend, but have actually done it recently because their build went well. And yeah I’m saying build not rebuild because I’m petty
I like Adam Eaton so you wrong
Ok but I like him so you saying no one likes him is wrong. Also he is a very popular player in our clubhouse so I don’t care about Ozzie Guillén
yeah but, like, fuck the astros
Patrick Corbin of the Nationals changed his number for one start after Tyler Skaggs died this year. I think the MLB allows it in special circumstances.
Wait, he’s white in the fake trailers, the Access Hollywood scene and at the end. Did you think he was in white face for those scenes?
Did you only watch the middle? Near the end he literally wipes the makeup off his face. It's not a big deal just pretty funny people actually thought he was black
He should give you guys 2 months of solid-great production then fall off a cliff. I’ll always love him though I hope he makes the team out of ST so he can get his ring in the opening series
She’ll be fine, the protests havent been starting til 2/3 pm. Even then things have been very peaceful til the evening.
I sympathize with you but I’m also a little glad the CPU is doing this to you because how dare you put Victor in a Braves uniform
[Relevant Mitchell and Webb sketch](https://youtu.be/P6MOnehCOUw)
Cool, I’ll have to start chipping away at that one. It’s a beast, this country is pretty big
That specific card would be a LF, he didn’t play any 2B with the Nats but I’m sure they would give him a 2B secondary
Here I go spending again
My OF is set so I chose Cutch, sold him and then chose Murphy. So I basically got a starting 1B (and as a Nats fan the one card I wanted out of these packs) and earned 5K stubs or so in the process. I’d call it a win
I was lucky to get a rare DOTP but decided to test my luck and bought 3 Headliners. Got 6 silvers. Oh well
I got a turkey sandwich from a booth. I love people in this city
Just watched it and I have no idea, but the Wikipedia describes Becky’s father as a “former white supremacist” (I know it’s Wikipedia so take it with a grain of salt) and her family has a Nazi key hidden in their house so it wouldn’t be a stretch to assume they have some connection to white supremacists
Well if every ball he squared up were a hit he’d bat 1.000 for everyone. Dude crushes everything for me
during that 1998-2002 stretch Sosa was 5th in ops+, 4th amongst those who played 700+ games. So no, but he was still dominant
nah fuck them, freddie and the ñ man are cool tho
well, i hate him when he's in the batters box against the nats. but yeah he's a gem
You dumb motherfuckers want a key change?
For all the shit they get they are genuinely the best, I haven’t spent a real world dime in game and my team is already full of mid-upper 90s, and they keep dropping studs and it’s only June
I think 102 is the max velocity in the game
This is really specific, but I think Trevor Story has hit like 5 home runs against me in Showdown. Always on veteran, seemingly always when I’m an out away from completing the mission. I’ve started intentionally walking him by habit now
Tress is the Way
They play everything at their shows, guaranteed they play at least 3 from Rats Nest. They’re only gonna have one (okay probably two) more albums drop before Roo
The article says you can explore Hogwarts and other areas, I’m assuming we’re gonna get Diagon Alley, the Hogwarts Express and Hogsmeade as wel as the school. I’m so fucking excited
