Wow, they actually did it. Nordic is fuckin amazing. Hopefully buying it on launch
It was completely different, much to my dissapointment.
That's attempted suicide, not deaths to suicide.
Wow, I didn't expect to see sam and max here. Just started going through save the world ep 3 and played some poker night 1 and 2... i'm sad we're likely never getting sequels to both of those series'.
You crack my head, little buddy
No news about one yet, but the community has been asking for it for years.
Frenworld and Clown__world are filled with thinly veiled racism/sexism, which is really damn unfortunate.
It's "explaining" except it pointlessly mentions a race.
Granted, if you're not the race that's relevant to the story, tumblr people will dismiss your opinion because you're white.
Me and the boys about to commit mass genocide to the aboriginals
People are just misinformed, ignorant, and delusional. Many don't care that 99.9% of evidence goes against their ideals.
I'd recommend looking around for the little capsules around the map. They give you about 20 coins, so just under the amount for 1 normal chest.
[Cook, Serve, Delicious! 2!!](https://store.steampowered.com/app/386620/Cook_Serve_Delicious_2/) in zen mode, and maybe [Slime Rancher.](https://store.steampowered.com/app/433340/Slime_Rancher/)
The explosive barrels are op. They scale really fast.
There's almost always something that needs to be done in my experience, whether it's deciding whether to fund your military or expand your city, found a new city for new resources, raid a city-state or civ for one of their cities, what science or policy to focus on, min-maxing your citizens in each city, carefully planning where to move your military in a war, and so on. The only time i've become truly bored so far is when I snowballed so hard that I was building giant death robots to fight the other civs who were using industrial era units.
Absolutely. Source: me, a person who knew absolutely jackshit about civ, and never really watched videos about it.
Yep, I've slowly raised my difficulty from the lowest to higher ones; I was playing chieftain or warlord when I snowballed. Now i'm currently on prince. I feel like i've been thrown in the deep end because going negative in happiness or coin income is an actual possibility, and golden ages don't start every 30 turns. I was also falling behind in technology because I needed to fund my war against suleiman and the goddamn barbarians. I think i'm in a decent spot at the moment now, though.
I just pulled a Shredifier from a random chest in BGH, which was pretty satisfying. It isn't too effective in my experience though.
&gt;To be trans you need dysphoria That is being contested by multiple major health organizations at the moment.
APA https://www.psychiatry.org/patients-families/gender-dysphoria/expert-q-and-a NHS https://www.nhs.uk/conditions/gender-dysphoria/# These are the 2 i've found so far; most sites don't talk about the question. When I made my original comment, I was probably thinking about another issue that more organizations were disproving. Regardless, it seems at least a little contested.
Hence why it's disputed; there's not enough evidence to give a definitive answer to the question.
It's true
It's actually still pretty alright
Google says dysphoria means "a state of unease or generalized dissatisfaction with life." I don't think you necessarily need to be dissatisfied with your sex to transition.
I too used to go on there. I agree with the idea that the world is pretty silly most of the time, but the passive-aggressiveness eventually went under my skin.
It's hard to tell because the edgy trolls blend in with the actual racists. Either way though, i've only browsed /v/ and /vg/ and never seen any remotely racist stuff.
I mean, it largely depends on what consoles your parents get for you during your childhood. It's possible he never got an n64 in the first place.
You know Jak 1? Now that was a good game. *sips*
The bigotry of low expectations shows itself yet again
Who needs that when we can play dynasty warriors with a persona-themed skin on it
Not necessarily, as long as you can get items that are useless in combat like medkit, cautious slug, bungus, chronobauble, red whip.
I never had an issue with driving tbh. I'd certainly struggle more with trying to aim with a joystick.
That's true
Some missed stuff: - Topaz Brooch effect: "Gain a temporary barrier on kill" - Artificer got a new passive; hovering when holding spacebar. - How damage was calculated was also slightly changed or something like that, giving artificer a small buff to her DoT. - New item called Little Disciple. Unknown effects - Some chests had ammo/health symbols that only dropped damage/defense items respectively - The stage you're on is listed in the top right next to your time and difficulty now. They were in the Abyssal Depths in stage 2.
They want the game to be set in a white ethnostate so they can brutally massacre a load of white people in a hail of blood and bullets. A black supremacist fantasy come to life. It's completely and utterly horrible.
Alright, that's pretty obviously a joke.
That's what I thought too. Very nice art.
It probably affirms their views so they become more extreme.
Those are definitely borderline rants, but nothing there has stuff to do with politics, thus there are no agendas to push. Perhaps the mods are more keen on enforcing the latter rule, as to avoid unneeded controversy.
I don't think it's that bad as long as there isn't too much on it.
Left wing: Let's have basic human rights (except for white people) Right wing: There should be less unemployment. You're not the only one who can do dumbass cherrypicking
Yes, bikini suits don't exist and you've never seen one.
I have no experience with spongebob games aside from BFBB, but that shit was one of the Banjo Kazooies of my childhood. Can't wait for Rehydrated.
What did you expect? Everyone giving up their views and agreeing with you?
What black people? How many? That's a pretty ridiculous claim to make about them with no proof. They're also stopping the community from saying "nigga" and variants anymore in the posts or comments.
I don't think you should worry too much about time vs loot, as long as it isn't obviously excessive (like spending 1 minute or 10 minutes in one level). I believe the main thing you should focus on when getting better is to learn enemy patterns and dodge their attacks. On the lunar items; Gesture of the Drowned is always worth picking up, Shaped Glass is fantastic, Transcendence is meh (definitely more of a downside lategame once you get more healing items), and the rest should just never be picked up or used.
Yeah, gesture was my 2nd last unlock before getting every item in the game. It's pretty annoying and tedious to get, but it's also one of the best items in the game. Shaped Glass definitely makes you a glass cannon, but depending on the level, losing health wouldn't even matter because you could be one shot anyway. Again, it's just all about dodging enemy attacks rather than trying to tank them with your health/healing. Generally i'd say 5 minutes is fine in each level. You could take a little less time in the first level because not a lot of enemies spawn (meaning less money, meaning less loot for more time) or a little more time in abyssal depths to grind for golden chests if you wanted to. I wouldn't really recommend a strict schedule because it depends on a lot of different things like what items you have.
Granted, circlejerking about how good a game is on a relevant subreddit is nothing new. I seen it all the time in /r/apexlegends.
Preon is not ideal because its cooldown is the longest in the game. You're better off with a Royal Capacitator or a Disposable Missile Launcher.
For a slight upcharge. You can get it for like 2x cheaper on the 3ds or app store (iPhone/android).
What did Crowder say?
I haven't played RDR2 yet, but BotW was honestly pretty formulaic and simple. Obviously some things were pretty interesting like the Sheikah Slate runes, but it wasn't enough to hide the extremely low enemy variety and an open world that looks nice but is a tad scarce with actual content.
Trident drowneds are op as fuck and they're still really common. Hate them so much.
The model is already made.
Me when I got xenoblade 3d because of smash 4
Granted, they're in the endless hiatus shitpost phase, like any other show.
I want a show where one of the waifus is a moon.
The worth of your resources: 45 gold The worth of ai resources: 75% of your gold, all but 1 of your resources, one of your cities, open borders
Radical feminists are mostly interchangable with SJWs.
I always knew those damn school counselors were nazis
Or a new IP instead of another shitty spinoff. Wishful thinking though
Maybe the art had the artist's name predominantly named, thus it was redundant? Otherwise that's a major dick move.
How do they keep the eye open?
I've played the game for hundreds of hours and have only come across enemy vikings a handful of times... and they weren't even good.
Granted, it's a heavily cherrypicked and curated montage.
He has a lot of useless talents and a somewhat contradictory kit, which really sucks. My (year-old but still relevant) thoughts on a rework are [here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/heroesofthestorm/comments/8uqhta/ideas_for_a_gazlowe_rework/)
I'm happy p5 is getting the attention it deserves.
Thanks
They're just sneaking in little pieces of precious metals in the fruits
I can see how some of the changes would be OP. I don't know what I was thinking when I initially gave EZ-PZ Dimensional Ripper a 1.5s root, lol. The other talents don't seem too egregiously balanced though. Also yeah, laser is useless with gaz's robogobo build, so it would be amazing if hyperfocus was baked into his kit.
This is the first post i've seen of anita on TiA in like a year.
For me, i'd need a new motherboard, new DDR4 ram, and a new OS just to get a new CPU. The struggle is real.
The cheapest I can find it for is $500 CAD. For comparison, the i5 9400F is $220 with slightly better performance. I'd end up spending about the same amount of money either way.
On amazon it's $450 used, and on newegg it's $500. I didn't think to check ebay, and you're right; there's much more reasonable prices there, though it's still around $275 at best. Not sure if i'm willing to risk getting a used cpu that's $50 more than a 9400F though.
[Yeah, it's alright.](https://i.imgur.com/dDQo883.png)
They're 2 totally different games so it's hard to say, but I enjoyed Odyssey more. BotW felt a bit formulaic and lacking in some areas like rewards for exploring or enemy variety. Both are great games though.
Haven't played Cadence but EtG has a shitton of content, probably much more than the former. I've personally put 173 hours into it myself.
Incorrect.
It's pretty clearly white and gold
Because you bought all the really good games already
Screw richochet, where's artifact 2
This takes the cake for the dumbest thing i've seen today. A massive unfounded exaggeration about people that stop cities from anarchy.
Lmao "All steam employee has trade ban"
He was doing totally fine as a streamer and youtuber for years though. Then he purposely got his channel deleted late 2018 and it just got worse and worse.
His content is still great. Probably won't make anything new ever again now that he's shown himself to be a massive prick though
Always nice to see a meme that's perfectly redrawn
One of the characters in filthy frank's channel; pink guy.
Tic tacs are terrible for legitimately freshening your breath.
How exactly does that make him insane?
Twitter seems to automatically make you follow certain people without your approval, or at least it has done so in the past. Obama follows multiple pornstars.
YMS's scalesona?
These are some greag changes. Would've been nice if we didn't have to wait so long for them though.
At least it isn't applied with a hook through the lower eyelid.That's what I thought how it worked for a second
I can't find a single speech with him supporting white supremacy, ethnostates, antisemitism, or extreme authoritarianism.
Spoken like a person who has never been to 4chan
I don't see how that automatically makes him far right though. He also said that nearly a decade ago.
That's how people refer to them though. The literal definition of each word isn't always used.
It might be best to just get the [Valve Complete Pack](https://store.steampowered.com/bundle/232/Valve_Complete_Pack/)
I thought Hollow Knight was fantastic and i'm not a fan of Metroid nor Castlevania.
Watch out, Stardew will take over your day... possibly multiple times. I just got back into it and i've played it for 3+ hours every day for nearly a week.
Leakers have stated that TF2 will be 98% off in the sale
I don't think the sjws are too keen on racial equality
You can make coherent arguments while making an inflammatory comment, but it still makes you a -ist or -phobic asshole.
I mean, you shouldn't be a prick either way.
Team Fabulous 2 will always be my favorite Gmod vid.
Ah fuck, I can't believe you've done this
I completely forgot it existed
The mods of OMC and some other subs run by them are powertripping SJWs. For an alternative, just use /r/trueoffmychest.
Oh yeah, I forgot about that. I think it's incredibly pointless because the people being called out either 1. do not think they are -ist/-phobic or 2. do not care.
Good call.
This is starting to sound like real life Archer.
I'm a frugal guy. Buying a game that's more than 20 cad is a rarity for me.
Using the bow and sniper to take down outposts is easy mode, should you have difficulty otherwise.
Jesus christ. Imagine dying over a fucking video game.
Me for the past 8 months. I started to go to the subreddit not for discussions about his latest videos, but discussions about his latest dramas with yet another deleted youtube channel or trip to the mental hospital.
I'M BACK WITH A NEW RHYME
From what I can find, the cheapest place for civ 5 complete is on Nuuvem rn for $12.50 usd.
Wow. That's absolute bullshit. A year and a half for one fucking word and it wasn't even recent.
&gt;says slur once over a year ago and apologizes &gt;"raging homophobic shit weasel" Flawless logic, I don't see how a "one strike, you're out" system is in any way harmful to society.
Actually I recently found that [it's available on nuuvem](https://www.nuuvem.com/item/sid-meier-s-civilization-v-the-complete-edition) for basically the same price and without the encumbrance of shipping. That's probably what i'll get.
Aw shit, I watched all 3 parts. Took over my entire day.
Idk, they seem to be making a lot of money right now
What's the issue with additves and chemicals? Companies don't add that shit in foods to give you cancer or something. It makes the food taste better and last longer.
Yeah, the constant mistreatment of GTA 5 has really soured my thoughts of buying any rockstar games as long as they aren't dirt cheap. Real shame.
I mean, anything is better with friends, no matter if the piece of media is good or bad. You can have fun with friends playing smash, and you can have fun with friends playing shovelware on the wii too.
I've never understood the love for COD games. I mean, I used to play it as a kid, but now it's just awful. Campaigns are either too easy or annoyingly hard depending on the difficulty and multiplayer is just "the person who clicks first wins" along with a snowball of OP abilities like seeing where everyone on the map is and sending down a helicopter that forces you to pick a rocket launcher loadout or camp indoors. Zombies mode is probably the best part in the games that have it, but at that point you might as well just play Killing Floor 1/2.
Great job. Would love to see more.
Makes sense. I'm pretty sure my first FPS was one of the CODs.
The rewards can help people find great games and encourage them to play it.
It depends. Hollow Knight's additions definitely felt more like free DLC than just an update.
&gt;PlayStation 4 Pro. $323 &gt;Gaming PC (parts with no labor.) $2100 Where did you get these prices? &gt;All AAA titles today are released on consoles first, then ported to PC as an afterthought. This certainly happens sometimes, but what about Control, Resident Evil 2, Far Cry New Dawn, Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order, Sekiro, Borderlands 3, Metro Exodus, COD Modern Warfare, or Gears 5?
NGL the one without lady gaga is an interesting picture for an album too
The game going F2P is one of the reasons why the game is having its all time high of players right about now. Seems fine to me.
You can get Windows 10 licenses on ebay for $3.
Ah, a man of culture
Personally I didn't enjoy the time I played the original Yumme Nikki. Pasted from my steam review: Most areas are mazelike and repetitive, leading to most of your time being spent walking aimlessly in an empty void searching for something interesting to look at. The atmosphere is great, but I couldn't force myself to spend so much time to find diamonds in the rough. You might be better off finding a youtube playthrough and skimming it than actually playing the game.
KF2 has more content, an active playerbase, and is more polished. Both are great games but I never felt the need to go back to KF1 once I got the sequel.
I have yet to try it out myself but maybe you should give Danganronpa a try. It shares some similarities with Ace Attorney, notably it being a VNO filled with murder mysteries.
Berzerker: - Great all-around class, very tanky. Zweihander, Static Strikers, Bone Crusher, and Battleaxe are all pretty great; pair up any of those melee weapons with the Nailgun. - The way you swing is based on where you are moving. If you are moving left, you'll swing left; if you are moving forwards, you'll swing down, and so on. - Blocking is your friend, especially against big zeds. Also get used to parrying because in level 15 you'll get a skill that gives you a massive damage and resistance boost every time you parry. Commando: - Generally used for trash clearing (lesser enemies such as clots and crawlers) and medium zeds. The AK12 is a favorite because it's solid against any zed; pair it up with just about any other weapon, but another favorite is the FAL because it has the best DPS; best to use it only against medium and big zeds because of its limited ammo pool. - Commandos have the ability to reset zed time multiple times, which is very useful. If you're the commando, find a nice wave of trash and go to town. If you're not the commando, let them kill the trash for the resets. Support: - Generally best at killing medium and large zeds. HZ12 and M4 are mainstays for dealing with trash and medium zeds, while the AA12 and Doomstick are good for big zeds. - Supports have a passive that allows them to give ammo to teammates (after one of your teammates presses E on them), so don't run too far from your team. Field Medic: - Not that great at killing any zed type besides trash; focus on healing your team instead. The medic pistol is worth keeping because its first upgrade increases its damage by 70%, reduces the cooldown of healing darts by 10%, and has no weight increase. Later on, getting a 301, 401, or 501 are all solid choices. - Use the left skill path with teammates and right skill path when soloing. Demolitionist: - Used for killing big zeds and large groups of trash. RPG and C4 are amazing for big zeds. Firebug: - Professional garbageman. Clear the trash and let your teammates kill the medium/big zeds; bugs can do some work against big zeds once you get the microwave gun, husk cannon, or helios though. - Aim for the feet when using the caulk/flamethrower so you get ground fire. Especially useful once you get the level 10 skill. Gunslinger: - Has some of the best DPS in the game. Great pick against medium and big zeds. Deagles, AF2011s, and .500 Magnums are all great weapons. Sharpshooter: - Has some of the best burst DPS in the game along with Demo. Solid against trash with the M14, and great against big zeds with the Crossbow, Railgun, and M99 (with the Railgun being used most often). Survivalist: - The black sheep of the classes. Doesn't specialize in anything in a game about specialists, so survivalist isn't picked often. Probably best to ignore it. SWAT: - Close to commando, but uses SMGs instead of assault rifles and is better at killing trash but worse at killing big zeds. The MP5 is used often because it deals more DPS than most other SWAT weapons, but it's mostly only used for trash clear once you get the Kriss or Nailgun for big zeds. - Use the left/left/right/left skills in the beginning of each game, then switch it to whatever you'd like later on.
You're having a laugh at the expense of calling regular people terrorists.
I wish they reworked the abomination spawns to be much more fragile but do greater damage. Right now they have an insane amount of HP.
I tried it on the XGP. You're not missing out; it was awfully disappointing.
You can get 3 months of XGP Ultimate right now for a single dollar. &gt;I do, but also have a brawny gaming rig and it's fun to get 60+ fps from games that may be 30 fps on Xbox. WDYM by this? Game Pass is on PC too.
Another pause for me.
&gt;but people should be allowed to question it and even opt-out if they want to. The issue with this is that you are actively endangering others because of your own decision. Deciding to not wash your hands or not taking cough syrup is also a decision you can make, but you're still gonna pass around an infection eventually.
https://steamcharts.com/app/1250 Note that a portion of those players are AFK or sticking to solo games.
Definitely an A or B for me.
Not being able to watch TV, videos, or play video games for a better electric bill is a pretty shitty trade
I just don't want children to have shitty lives because their parents are too incompetent to know that they cannot afford more than twice the amount of mouths to feed.
I definitely support better education for everyone, but it seems odd to me how a parent could miss the fact that supporting children is expensive. Seems like common sense to me.
That seems like a mistake people should learn from the first time it happens, not the third or fourth.
Maybe it means that flat earthers only look on the covers of books instead of actually reading them, like how they do for most of their theories.
M99 is usually overkill. If you want a big burst option, the Railgun is your best option because it'll still kill big zeds in 1 or 2 headshots (especially using left perks). Personally I use the Crossbow instead so I can use the M14, but lots of people say it's underpowered, so YMMV.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tYzMYcUty6s
It's a fun shithole, like certain 4chan threads.
It became filled with (unironic) SJWs a while ago. Pretty evident in unjerk threads and the fact that it literally has Sarkeesian on the sidebar.
Just go to Voat or Stormfront
Why
I'd love to see the context of this.
Dying is partisan. Ideally you want to be in a perpetual coma, so you're between life and death.
Honestly didn't expect contra to talk about it. My opinion of her has been raised.
I mean, the "best" posts there I can find are just making fun of actual dumb people, but they still assume those people make up the majority of centrist people.
&gt;pronouns have always referred to your biological sex. I couldn't find anything online about this being correct, other than 2 random Quora answers [that say the opposite.](https://www.quora.com/Do-pronouns-refer-to-sex-or-gender-and-why) (TLDR; "Since pronouns are a linguistic phenomenon, they refer to gender", and "Pronouns are what we use as a shorthand in place of someone's name, thus the pronoun is up to them") Either way, even if pronouns were always used to refer to bio sex, it's more polite to just name the person the way they want to me named, just like how someone named "Johnson" wants to be referred to as Johnson and not "Penis".
I mean, if this dude actually has trouble beating Hornet, Mantis Lords will probably take even longer unless they improve significantly.
Antifa are dumb and left wing
Well, either way, going elsewhere seems more convenient in general when you have to constantly hop between small subreddits before they're inevitably banned.
What each quadrant wishes what their ideology is about
The thing is, I don't think you need to be authleft to be against more extreme circles like 8ch. The main issue is really just the endless threats and encouragement of violence to me. Besides that, i'd be fine with a group of people sticking around on a random subreddit saying "minorities bad" over and over, but I guess that isn't advertiser friendly.
&gt;Can you really imagine someone sitting in a cave, asking hia fellow cavemen if he has gender disphoria? Can you imagine someone in the medival ages referring to a man as a "she"? Well, no, of course not. Things like the complexities of linguistics evolved over time. Cavemen probably did nothing but various grunts to communicate, and old english is largely dissimilar to its modern counterpart. Nobody even really knew what a trans person was back then. &gt;Pronouns were invented to be more practical than using someones names. I can't imagine pronouns referring to something the person decides in his mind as being practical That's true, but you're placing your own convenience over practically insulting another. Most people just decided to call them what they wanted to be called because doing it hurts no one.
If you're getting banned on 4chan, you have to be saying some absurdly edgy stuff.
&gt; I am placing the truth and the way language has evolved for centuries Well, the definition of gender has been the way it is for over 50 years by now. Quote from [wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gender): "Sexologist John Money introduced the terminological distinction between biological sex and gender as a role in 1955. Before his work, it was uncommon to use the word gender to refer to anything but grammatical categories. However, Money's meaning of the word did not become widespread until the 1970s" Exactly how long do definitions have to stick around to you until they're fine to you? &gt;I won't lie just because some people are offended by reality. Every lie comes at a cost. So... you insist on misgendering trans people because of your ego? &gt;In this specific instance, one example I can give you is in sports - The lie that men are women has caused men to competete against women in women sports, taking away their achievements. This is a totally separate issue. Personally i'm happy with calling trans people the way they wanted to be called, but trans women shouldn't be allowed to participate in women's sports because of their biological advantages in strength and endurance. The "lie" in this case has nothing to do with gender, either; the lie is that trans people changed their biological sex to the point where they have no inherent advantages due to their testosterone levels. From what we know so far, that is impossible.
Can you say what you said here then? You'll probably have to censor it considerably.
I mean, that's tamer than I thought. It's still pretty damn edgy though, so I can see why you were removed. &gt;man, can't even get away from racemixing propaganda Calling it propaganda is a stretch because it's not a biased or misleading point of view to say that Black + White relationships exist. &gt;made in a place with no fucking black people They're certainly rare, [but not unheard of.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Black_people_in_Japan) Plus, depictions of real life places in cartoons don't have to be perfectly accurate. We're talking about an anime where a bunch of people fight eachother with magic powers.
Nice gun, what caliber is it in?
I mean, it's 4chan. They call themselves autists all the time.
I don't see the issue with this image. Religious stuff is generally far from scientific.
I have 101 hours into it but I only keep replaying the campaign. Not too long ago I got through the entirely of BGH and it was kind of shitty though. The witch doctors are the worst enemies i've had the displeasure of facing so far, both in their stupid difficulty spike and how boring it is to fight them. The constant barrage of worthless loot was also terrible; I wish they let you sell items on the go instead of having to bring them all to a vending machine. Having to grind for specific items you need for your build is also annoying. I feel like I need to go back every 5 levels to get a new Rough Rider.
Serbia strong!
Nice build. You could also replace the 5700 for a more cost efficient choice; for example, there's a bunch of 1070s you can get for $300 or less on ebay, and you won't lose on too much performance.
/r/memeilliterate
From a quick glance, the list is mainly taken up by sports games, COD, Metro, Tomb Raider, Battlefield, and Halo.
Great writeup. Seems like TWI works in valve time.
A pocket negev that takes 10 bullets to kill
Holy shit, that was hilariously awful all the way through, thanks. I'm in S2 right now and every teammate is leagues better than this (even the bottom fraggers), so I guess that somewhat confirms my suspicions of trust factor fuckery.
Obligatory reminder that your odds of getting a blue skin is 80% and getting a purple is 16%
Slinger is near the bottom and Survivalist is near the top. This is a meme list.
I think saying the balance of guns is garbage is a bit much. The only time you need to religiously follow the meta to have a decent time is probably 2+ players on HoE. Besides that, non-meta weapons usually just stop at "fun to use but not as good as other options", and not "literally unusuable compared to other guns".
I'm sad this didn't get an explanation; this is definitely very odd. You were flying midair so dying to a killzone below terrain (or something like that) was impossible. You didn't even get a chance either; one frame it's 125, next frame it's 0.
I'm no fan of trump, but having a large quantity of accusers doesn't make be believe their claims more, especially when it's aimed at one of the most infamous people living today.
You're also practically a sitting duck and it fires in a 100% rng cone for a second or so. I can't say it fills the same role as the P90 because of that.
Well, the dude managed to ace by occasionally running and gunning with the ak against enemies that ranged from "totally oblivious, standing in an awful position" to "aware but can't shoot the broadside of a barn", all without using a single nade.
TNO has one solid 11 hour campaign with no multiplayer while TiF2 has an amazing 6 hour campaign plus a fantastic multiplayer mode. TNO has more traditional gameplay, while TiF2 has really fast and fluid movement, big ass robots to control, and some odd/unique weapons. Also IDK about TNO but TiF2 constantly goes on sale for 5 bucks.
Rebirth is a solid introduction; it's how I got into the genre myself. For a more skillbased take, get ETG or Nuclear Throne. Dead Cells is a great game too, especially if you're already into other sidescrollers like it. Risk of Rain 2 is in early access but I had loads of fun with it even before any of its major updates. You can wait for it to fully release in half a year or just get it now. Overall, your introduction will mainly depend on your interests. It'll also depend on your tolerance for constantly losing and improving; ROR2 and Dead Cells start off relatively easy (imo) but ETG and NT start relatively hard. Rebirth is medium-hard depending on the items you get.
I'm sure the gameplay is alright, but I wouldn't want to deal with the motion blur and 30fps.
They are, but the Static Strikers and Bonecrusher are viable alternatives to the Zwei.
That sounds awful. Yes please.
Thanks, i'll keep this in mind for when $2507 spontaneously appears within my wallet.
Wish we all just migrated to /r/trumptweets
I'd recommend skipping on D or C (brown and blue respectively) chests unless you're about to face a boss or have a lot of keys. B+ chests generally have a much higher quality of items and guns than them overall.
I actually think NT is more punishing. No invincibility window, 3 or 4 hits to death (or instant death from explosions), faster bullets, no blanks.
IDK how big my backlog is. It's pretty sizeable though. It's important to note that you shouldn't force yourself to play or finish them, though; games are meant to be fun, not a chore.
cmonBruh
/r/waterniggas is better
These amazing games*
They could've just removed the first 2 years to fit their narrative...
He's Gaspen Payne. He prosecuted the first trial in SoJ, where Phoenix was held accountable for the DCA.
You mean a certain bluffing defense attorney?
No it isnt lol, RTX is much more recent and at least 3x more expensive
I always find myself back in CSGO eventually
174 hours here. Compared to other roguelikes, it relies on rng the least. I can beat the first few floors with just the starting pistol because each enemy is predictable in both movement and bullet patterns.
Prime /r/atbge
It's just I didn't think that sort of technology was possible back then.
Honest question, why did renai circulation become so popular? The anime itself isn't very mainstream. Is it just because the song is a bop?
It's easier than I expected, but you'll probably still take a while to do it.
Comparing KF2 with a far more popular developer with a game that is 3x cheaper is a bit unfair imo. Also L4D2 has 200k reviews and KF2 has 55k, thus the former has a much larger playerbase. Also also the average playercount is still 5k for KF2.
Last 30 Days: 4,831.7 December 2019: 4,968.4 November 2019: 5,288.4 Directly from steamcharts. Turtle rock did make it, but most people associate l4d with valve, and both the dev and publisher is listed as valve only on the store page.
I spent way too much time on this. [Here's the PSD file](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1J1Grdsxt5GaqdRhCWO4dMbJEELsEsCvL/view) if you want to mess around with it
It looks weirdly squashed.
There's some racism in more extreme left circles where people bring down majorities instead of minorities. Racism is less common on the left though, from what I can tell.
I can't believe falchion is going up. I guess some of the weapons have value, but the knife is just awful most of the time
Wish I stacked up on more phoenixes earlier. Still holding on to 50 of em though.
You need to make the bullet than can kill the past by bringing 4 parts to the blacksmith (over multiple runs).
Nope, it's with any character.
Also, it was first listed on amazon in 2014.
But what about my boy [Shardul?](http://www.housepetscomic.com/comic/2008/10/15/in-what-furnace-was-thy-brain/)
Add CSGO too. Hell, its playerbase is at an all time high right now, 7 years after its release.
&gt;A MEDIC shouldn't be able to effectively kill a big zed I mean, basically every class can. Swat can flash and magdump, firebug can use helios, husk cannon, and the microwave gun, commando has fal; not as effective as the rest, just like the medic, but they can still help in a pinch.
People who aren't nazis also claim they're not nazis
And those subs are pretty fuckin tame compared to the hundreds of toxic far left/far right subs
You should already have it by now. I did every challenge except the matriarch one and got it.
Actually, IIRC, the devs said it could take up to a month. I guess I just got lucky.
I can't tell if you're a boomer or a zoomer
Jesus christ, 80k upvotes. Really?
I bought 310 of em mostly for 5 cents (CAD) each.
I'd love this
I played all of those besides dmc5. Hollow Knight: I love it. I was never into metroidvanias much before but this game has an amazing amount of polish with fun and challenging gameplay. Biggest recommendation out of the list. Dead Cells: Like HK, it is fun and challenging. Gives more of a roguelike taste instead of a traditional one. TNO: Somewhat basic but solid shooter. Ori: The game i've played the least because I basically only just started. The combat is kinda meh but the platforming is very fluid and nice to control. Overall, all 4 of those are great. I'd recommend HK first though.
Hey, I loved your run, and I watched some of your youtube vids long before it too. My only gripes: - Repeated some statements too much ("we'll get there when we get there", etc) - Didn't let couch speak much - Talked a bit too much/too fast sometimes
Why does their head explode into dosh every time you kill them?
Sales can be better too. PC has dozens of online stores competing against eachother and consoles have 1.
You have a higher game selection period because of emulation
There's a difference between calling a white dude fragile and saying the entire race should be slaves lmao
He's proving that some are... which goes for any other race too.
Yeah, a few days ago I just saved $1.30 cad just in case there were opportunities to squeeze out a few cents. Shame.
Well, if the map is shit, you can freely just ignore it and let other people queue for it.
Where do you even go to report your data on the drops? Would love to have a monthly update on their droprate.
The statistic is about the percent of people committing crime, but it says nothing about how many criminals there actually are. [This wiki page](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crime_in_the_United_States) says that there are 2745.1 crimes for every 100k people. That's about 2.7% of people, with 1.35% being black people. That's not even accounting for the repeat offenders, which would pull that statistic down even further.
&gt;who? where? any time black people try to get themselves out of the hell-holes they're brought up in, they're told by other blacks that they're "acting white" or are "uncle toms". these are people who are uninterested in being decent, even if they are able. There are definitely some people like that, and I agree that's an issue. We have no idea how widespread it is though. Also doesn't that just go back into the education problem again?
They may not seem like it, but things can be several times more expensive in 2nd/3rd world countries because their minimum and/or average wage can be significantly lower. The average monthly wage in brazil is currently 2332 reais, or $564.85 usd a month. The average income in the USA is closer to $4000 a month. Even in first world countries, you can be broke as fuck trying to pay off higher education and your apartment off a low wage, where you're better off buying a few cups of instant noodles than gambling on a game.
It lacks features and constantly gets exclusives that would normally release everywhere.
I mean, if anything, taking games to be exclusive seems like anti-competition to me. Their winter sale was very tempting though because of the $10 coupons.
Granted, they can burn a lot of money considering they have fortnite.
Those greedy assholes, making some of the best multiplayer games of all time free to play and making the most feature rich digitial distribution service by far...
Yeah, I agree. Having to use origin or battlenet occasionally is fine for me but epic stealing games that would normally release wherever is just dumb.
&gt;I'd rather just have most all of that hidden/gone so the app can be lighter and boot faster Not an issue for me cuz it starts in a handful of seconds on my ssd. &gt;Especially the entire message/chat client. Discord exists. It takes time to boot up a seperate program though. The interface is also more complex than the friends list on steam.
A Lamborghini is a really dumb comparison to a $10 indie. A closer comparison would be multiple brand new triple A game plus their season passes. Should you get the game for free? Probably not, unless the devs allowed it. It's just there's a lot of people who pirate simply because they cannot afford the game in the first place, so either way, the devs don't see a single penny from the customer. I think it's possible that a poor person could enjoy the game so much that they still end up paying for it later on though.
&gt;the problem is that we really don't know how to deal with dumb, violent people who cannot change, and the intelligent, non-violent ones have no desire to change. How do you know they cannot or will not change? Have we actually tried to change them? &gt;either way, it's not a kindness to ignore race as a problem I'm not ignoring it, i'm trying to fix the issue without resorting to a "solution" that hurts most of the population for no reason. Fixing the education and health systems will also benefit everyone, instead of segregation that will benefit much less people. &gt;conservatives keep talking about them pulling themselves up and working hard This seems to be in the same vein of "get a job, it's not that hard". I wish it was that simple. &gt;liberals want to pretend they can just be educated and everything will even out. it won't. No solution is perfect. It's just we're trying to find the best one available, and the solution from the right will just bring even more problems instead of partially solving one. &gt;either way, blacks are a problem, and an expensive one. To be specific, less than 12% are. If you kicked out the entire race though, you'd be kicking out 8.6 innocent people for every 1 criminal (assuming that every crime was done by a different individual).
That's true. They did technically improve it for the big cats, at least; it's 25% between sales of 10 - 50 million dollars and 20% after that. EGS's lower cut is pretty sweet but I wouldn't call them any less greedy as long as they keep selling fortnite cosmetics for $20 each and pay top dollar to get timed/permanent exclusives.
I never go on epic hate subreddits though? I mean, I went on pcgaming sometimes and defended epic's freebies. That's about it. &gt;They care about their users more then most launchers How?
TF2/CSGO/Dota 2 aren't good, non P2W games?
I mean, good for them. The fact doesn't change that you don't need to spend a dime on any of those games to play it at its fullest, except maybe getting all the unique TF2 weapons (which cost less than a key total).
I know you are. I'm just saying valve is known for the exact same stuff.
Making games exclusive to your platform that would normally be released everywhere is a greedy, anti-consumer practice.
Good thing valve has built in reviews, a built in forum, search, tags, and recommendations from curators.
Explain how exclusive third party things are good for the consumer please
Because it forces you to use a program you'd normally not use otherwise, and it forces you to give a cut to said program creator.
Not in some 2nd/3rd world countries
Good luck with ace attorney. I got sucked in and now i've played every damn game in the series besides DGS 1 and 2.
It got boring quickly once I realized 1. the combat was rather simplistic and not too fun, 2. upgrades were just boring stat increases, and 3. the shop is just finding the best price through trial and error then waiting.
You want to turn them into a boring deagle sidegrade?
And/or make the S/M/L/XL tags enforced by a specific word/character count range
IIRC the top post had one of its highly upvoted comments advocating for an ethnostate lmao
The Knight is a cool rep but is pretty standard kitwise. I don't think he'd bring enough variety to be a new character.
Which is why i'm not a fan of playing him. Love the character, hate the kit.
Hollow Knight is fantastic. VB is kinda shit though. You can give em both a try on XGP right now if you want. First 3 months for both console and pc costs a single dollar.
That's an interesting euphemism for "promoting literally any game or platform that gets posted here"
So brave 😭👏👏👏👏👏
&gt;Why do you think people should be reading down voted comments? Because 99% of them is just dissent... and that's a hell of a lot better than an echo chamber.
It should be biased because your opinions align with the bias?
Contest mode allows for less biased discussions though, and I find that more entertaining than the big ol 100 upvote/downvote circlejerk it usually is.
The threads on epic's freebies really helped me. I woulda missed out on stuff like celese if no one made a thread on it here, and it would gain much more exposure if it was upvoted.
I mean, it's about the endless and vitriolic criticism of the EGS and its users, along with a dumptruck full of downvotes for any differing opinions. I'd consider that to be pretty toxic.
Hindsight is 20/20. Everyone is human, no one can make perfect release dates, especially predicting multiple years down the line. I think my favorite solution would just be to make it vague. Looking to release it on April of this year? Just say 2020 in case you decide to delay it to December.
I'd recommend Nuklon's [Steam Economy Enhancer](https://github.com/Nuklon/Steam-Economy-Enhancer). Download Tampermonkey then [go here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Nuklon/Steam-Economy-Enhancer/master/code.user.js) to easily download the script. Once it's installed, click the blue steam economy enhancer button at the top of the site to change the settings. I'd recommend changing "The value to add to the calculated price" to -0.01 so you sell cards faster, and i'd recommend changing the minimum price to 0.03 too.
Well people say PC is best because you can get an objectively better experience with some effort, like with higher FPS, resolution, and better graphics. We're trying to help you enjoy games more.
Aren't consoles full of incels too lol
Guess that's fair, though it depends on if you start getting hooked on the advantages PC provides. I find it hard to go back to some console games just because they're locked at 30fps now.
I think CSD2 is better because it is less repetitive, mostly due to its much larger food count.
Is the title a subtle reference to the fact that this has been reposted dozens of times
I hate using it. It just feels awfully inaccurate even while waiting for the recoil, and it sometimes takes 3 shots to the body to kill. Revolver is better at long range and i'd rather have the CZ/Tec/5-7 at close range.
It's not even a bad gun, it's just woefully below average and about 2x more expensive than it should be.
&gt; I think people want every gun to have a purpose so bad in CS for some reason, personally I don’t understand why Variety is fun and diversity of viable strategies is also fun.
I'm pretty sure it still won't see use at 4k.
Except it's 2x the price and has lower movement speed and worse accuracy and only 1 hits heads at a certain range
&gt;It's not shit design, it's how this games designed. Yes, and having paperweights that cost $5200 for no reason is not good design. &gt;Maybe if you play cs more than a year you'll understand I have been playing since phoenix and I still don't understand how big brain you have to be to think having useless trash in the weapon select in a competitive game is okay
Same, except Joker was a holy shit because I played P5 like 6 months before that reveal. Made me get the full pass.
&gt;Why? What's the difference between that and only releasing on one platform they didn't make? I suppose i'm just more used to it, and it makes more sense to me because you'd get a 100% cut for your game. &gt;And the majority of games don't. Yes. That doesn't really make it any better though.
That's strange. I'm not much into coding and I didn't get that error, so I guess you'll have to find something else.
Weren't there bigger concerns surrounding that, like being spammed by trade offer bots?
Part | Part Name | Price ---|---|----|----|----|---- GPU | RX 570 4GB | $85 CPU | R5 1600| $70 RAM | Any, 16GB| $70 Storage | Seagate/WD 1TB | $40 Power Supply | EVGA 500W | $50 Motherboard | ASRock B450M | $60 Case | Any| $50 Total | | $425 Parts were spotted through a mix of Ebay and Amazon. There's a lot of caveats here where you could either save money or gain increased performance: - GPU: Can swap out for graphics cards like a GTX 1060 if you can find them cheaper. - CPU: According to the articles I read, the X1X has a really terrible CPU, to the point where a FX 8320e performs better. The 1600 is about 70% more powerful than that FX, so you could look for a cheaper option here. - RAM: I chose to look for 16GB instead of the 12GB the X1X has. - Storage: You can get a 2TB hard drive for like $10 more. Much better deal there. You could also swap it out entirely for something like a 250GB SSD if you value performance over storage. Overall, it's difficult to make a PC for that range. You'd be much better off saving up for a budget closer to $500 for the best price to performance.
Yep, consoles are the big winner for short term cost because of their mass production. I think the only way you can reasonably get a PC close to that is if you lucked out with second hand parts or nerfed the GPU/CPU/Motherboard.
It won't see use until it's absurdly cheap in its current form. I still think we might as well give it *some* help though, at least till valve can rework the weapon or something (like if they made it as powerful as the pre-rework negev). $4000 sounds like a good start; at that point, I can see it being used sometimes on CT in closer ranges.
I rotate between zwei/crusher/strikers and nailgun depending on how I feel.
Can you blame them? They've been sitting on unreachable expectations for years and they have 3 popular multiplayer games that have a marketplace worth millions that will tank in value if they make a sequel that doesn't allow you to transfer items.
They've been focusing on HLA, hardware, and maintaining CSGO/Dota 2.
**Rhino:** Interesting alternative to other high DPS options. To get the best out of it, you need to aim for the floor near the enemies because 3 shrapnels fire out that deal 80 damage each (regular rhino bullet does 70). Because of that, Rhino can have insanely good DPS if you aim it correctly. It's still inconsistent though; shrapnel is inaccurate and it's sometimes really difficult to get the right angle to fire at. **Ion:** It's another mid-late game melee sidegrade to the Zwei/Crusher/Strikers/Battleaxe. It does slightly more light damage and less strong damage compared to the Zwei and Crusher, but it also has a fast swing rate (on par with Crusher) plus the ultimate ability, which does solid damage and knockback but takes a while to charge. It doesn't have the big zed takedowns of the Zwei without its ult, and it doesn't have the superior defense of the Crusher, but overall it's okay.
My complaints: 1. Trend should show a percentage 2. Cannot sort inventory at all 3. Items sometimes split up [like this](https://i.imgur.com/DZcE2yj.png) 4. Some items don't show up in my inventory (for example, none of my berlin/kato 2019 team sticker capsules show up) 5. No option to add total buy price for stacked items. For example, assume I bought 100 cases for 0.05 and another 100 later for 0.10. I won't be able to input the correct buy price for the whole stack, which is $15. 6. No option to add steam market fees to total worth 7. "Total Invested" and "Worth Now"/"Difference" is totally inaccurate in the inventory. I think it added up all my "worth now" stuff to be my entire inventory, even for stuff that i'm not investing in/didn't set a buy price for. 8. I don't think "inventory" and "custom portfolio" need to be seperated; you just need to fix 7 and the inventory tab will work fine for looking at investments. It also takes too long to add each item to the portfolio because you need to click on them and set the price even if you did so already in your inventory. Besides that, good site. I can see it being developed into a great one later on.
In terms of best to worst skins/knives, i'd say it's Breakout &gt; Phoenix &gt; Chroma &gt; Vanguard. I didn't think Chroma and Vanguard would go up this much and this quickly, but Breakout and Phoenix probably have more room to go up in price till they hit a relative peak.
Must've been busy uninstalling the game
He's pretty great at conserving his mouse movement
I'd rather have shitty queue times with a better chance of good matches
[It'll apparently run from the 23rd to the 27th.](https://www.reddit.com/r/Steam/comments/el17f8/steam_lunar_sale_dates_released/) I assume it'll work out like other sales and drop the prices of some items as people sell to get new games.
I can confirm that it's a fake account
Artifact's pricepoint is incredibly awkward, considering all its contemporaries have a zero entry fee. This is easily the biggest reason for the tiny playerbase. Not only is there an entry fee, but it's a pretty sizeable one as well. It costs as much as 1/3rd of a new triple A game; not that bad on its own, but it becomes worse when you consider that gamers are used to paying $0 for online card games, plus you still need to pay up to get more cards quickly, plus Artifact has literally never been on sale. It doesn't help that the regional pricing is awful too; [Artifact](https://i.imgur.com/RP8nFgV.png) vs [Witcher 3](https://i.imgur.com/XLtby2z.png) as a random comparison. The main thing to look at here is that games are generally much cheaper in countries like Brazil and Russia because of their low income, but that isn't compensated in Artifact for some reason. Pretty baffling considering Valve got regional pricing right before in games like [CSS](https://i.imgur.com/lBmfHpr.png) and [Portal 2.](https://i.imgur.com/a7hIcVw.png) So yeah, it's a bit pricey for the first world and it's exponentially more expensive in third world countries. I don't think Artifact will be able to have a decent playerbase without going F2P.
I agree. The point is that WSB only plays high risk games; a much less risky economy like CSGO's is no bueno.
TF2, CSGO, DOTA 2. If valve made a sequel to any of those, I think it would totally wreck their economy. There are thousands of accounts worth &gt;$5,000 in each of those games, with the top dogs sitting at &gt;$150,000. Needless to say, a sudden decline of their inventory value would be detrimental.
Budget with a 1070? Must've got one hell of a deal. I'd still call this rig at least mid end because of the price though.
Jesus how many times does this need to be reposted
Just what we needed, more overdesigned skins for the main rifles
Could you give any examples?
Special words don't need to be said against you to be considered racist, though. Saying "I hate (race) people" is considered to be racist.
You think the evis and a 2nd melee weapon are better than the nailgun? Lmao
That feels pretty inaccurate too
I played it religiously from season 2 - 7. Overall it's pretty good, but my complaints: - Assault Rifle/SMG rng spread. I absolutely loathe it. Would rather have significant dropoff. - Grinding for mats should be a bit easier. The game is all about building and shooting; removing the building will just get you killed against any competent player. - Matches often had too much downtime; lots of it was just spent looting an empty location or mining, and that isn't much fun. Dropping hot isn't much better because you'll probably get shit loot and die unless you're the ninja of the server. - Oversaturation of weapons/items/vehicles. Sometimes there's just too much stuff for no real reason. - The battle pass objectives. Tedious and usually takes you completely out of the regular gameplay loop to do dumb shit like play a piano in a specific location or hunting for props. I think Apex season 2 did it better because the challenges didn't stick quite as far from the general gameplay. - Instant kills. Doesn't matter if it's a shotty at point blank or a bolt action at 200m; I hate it. Feels like I just wasted my time for 15 minutes when it happens, and when I manage it myself I feel guilty. I've always preferred higher TTK because it requires more skill and gives enemies a chance to fight back. Some of these issues are solved by Blitz mode, but it has not showed up for over a year now.
If you're not trying games because of their cartoony aesthetic, I think you're missing out on a lot more games besides Fortnite
I tried it out yesterday in Ulletical's aim botz map. Granted, it might just be because of my own incompetence, but either way it feels inconsistent at long range.
What about the droid attack on the wookies
I'm fine with any map, even cache which I am always shit in for some reason. I'd love to play more community maps though.
Well, I know what i'm doing wrong most of the time at this point. Might still do it later though, IDK
Profitable in 2 years, maybe. there's 1.1 mil listed on the market.
Nice. It's my favorite GMod vid of all time.
Xbox Game Pass offers about 160 games for 3 months, and the price is a single dollar for the first 3. ...also, piracy if you're into that.
PS4 won in linear singleplayer games for sure. I'm not sure if i'd prefer them over smash though lol
Do you find an issue in the statement "I prefer pc because I like Dota 2"?
10fps for each eye
1. They have 2 other multiplayer games to run that are several times more popular and thus gain much more revenue. 2. They're working on various hardware and HLA right now. Still though, pretty odd how they can't get updates out at an acceptable speed with around 360 employees.
Well, that's another thing as well; valve devs might not be enthused about developing for TF2 anymore. They run off a system where they can move their desks wherever they like and work on whatever they want, so it's possible most devs moved on for some reason.
I'd sell off the phoenixes, breakouts, and esports cases because they've already massively increased in price and you'll make a big profit.
Not much, aside from burst damage with enough skill. Sometimes it's best to take out your knife and parry.
It's a pretty average case and it's currently the most common one by far. Avoid unless you want to sit on piles of them for 3 years.
I'd wait for tomorrow in case they go even lower due to the steam sale.
Which one of your friends said that
Shit, forgot to download css
It's literally on the sidebar for old reddit
Doom 2016 runs off of black magic. IIRC it ran smooth as butter on my older rig, which had a 750ti and i3-4160.
No shit
I'm glad it's getting lots of competition now. The performance gains for graphics cards has been kind of disappointing for the past few years.
"Chad" has become such an obvious misogynistic circlejerk bait that combined with the picture sends a negative, gendered message.
She's too powerful on open maps, and even in ones with cover, she's still the hardest boss. The EDAR spam also gets crazy with multiple players.
G-
[2017](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metroid:_Samus_Returns)
Couldn't you say the same about consoles? I bought the switch mainly for Ultimate and I still basically just use it for ultimate.
They'll go up further, but it'll probably take a while. Sell now if you think the profit is good enough and you want/need the money.
I thought his vid about the stickers was fascinating, because i've never heard of them before. I was around when the howl incident happened and I somehow managed to totally miss the fact that those were removed as well.
Me too. It felt like a fairly typical open world game to me, but the combat felt held back because you were facing the same enemies over and over.
EGS threads without contest mode always end up with dogpiling. Because of that, I think contest mode leads to better discussions because people of both sides are on a more equal footing.
For EGS threads, it's not just the majority. It becomes a full on /r/fuckepic thread. People are either voted up as a deity or have 700k downvotes.
M14 and SPX sounds awfully redundant to me. REU vs Tac reload depends on if you want to do better against big zeds or small zeds respectively.
It's really difficult to get true damage numbers for the cnb/flamethrower.
The best way is to simply use them.
https://wiki.killingfloor2.com/index.php?title=Weapons_(Killing_Floor_2)
...he just called celeste a good game and linked its metacritic and steam page. Really?
And it equalizes the opinion of the minority, so that discussions are no longer extremely one-sided. &gt;The opinion the mods simply don't agree with How do you know this? Is it not possible that they think hiding votes would contribute to a more balanced and improved discussion? &gt;and choose to fight by abusing their privileges. How exactly are they abusing their privileges? All they did was randomize comment order and hide votes on certain threads. Not being able to upvote or downvote just because of the current vote of comments is not abuse.
My best guess is that it relates to accuracy.
Yes?
Competing over a monopoly by forcing consumers to use your product is not a good thing. Seems like "is pepsi okay?" all over again.
We live in a society
Sort by controversial for actual unpopular opinions
It's basically like getting a new console.
Survivalist is pointless because all the other classes already have a broad niche. Each class has certain weapons to use against both trash and big zeds (albeit in varying effectiveness), so there's no real reason to use survivalist. You also miss out on perks, such as: - Berserker's absurd damage resistance (at level 25, 15% damage resistance at all times, +40% resistance for 10 seconds after parrying, and blocking/parrying reduce zed damage by at least 40%, up to 70%) - The raw damage of a sharpshooter (at level 25 and all left perks, up to +85% headshot damage plus +55% damage) Berserker's melee weapons are great at both slicing/bashing away at trash and comboing FPs/SCs. Sharp can go into big oneshot weapons like the railgun but also has access to the M14, which is solid against both trash and bigs.
It's almost like IGN is made up of multiple different people who review different games
Eh, I wouldn't count on it. I can see systems like that being used in stuff like hearthstone or overwatch, but not in CSGO because the items have actual value.
TF2 and CSGO, because they are my most played games by far.
Thanks for the advice, bought 10 spectrum 2 cases. Can't wait for them to double in 3 years
This is just a shittier version of the one with wolverine
Remember satan was the first to respect human rights?
What exactly do you mean by low level? I got kicked in round 2 suicidal as a level 14 gunslinger.
Fortnite bad
It's been just dumb memes for years
I like that they hold a lot of giveaways, lol. Thanks
I actually upgraded from a 1060 to a 1070, because the prices of the newer GPUs are $100 more than they should be.
Not sure why this is being downvoted, 1660 Ti/2060 is pathetic compared to the 1070 in price to performance.
Looks like he's waa-ing even in death
&gt;For every life saved they're killing more Source pls &gt;it's that they're completely unaccountable for their actions. I agree that this is a major problem. The police unions try their hardest to get the murdering cops acquitted and they succeed most of the time too. I still think "ACAB" is an inaccurate statement though, because there isn't evidence that every union or station is corrupt.
I've seen absolutely 0 genuine rick and morty fans who were spamming their stuff in unrelated places. It's all just satirical stuff like pickle rick or the high IQ copypasta. Now, JoJo on the other hand...
He just happened to have a heart attack less than a day after being suffocated for 10 minutes?
How do you know? The 3 cops by the murderer were definitely accomplices, and the union is going to try hard to get them back their jobs, but that's about it.
A $100 knife in CS costs $15 after you sell it
It actually trips a youtube filter. Any comments with "Redneck" in it are instantly deleted. I tested it on totally unrelated videos on different channels and it was deleted every time, not even showing up in the comment history. Also, not disclosing sponsorships when you are sponsored is illegal.
I'm fine with uplay because their games are still sold on steam, humble, etc.
I just don't want to support a company who does stuff like that (among other things), so i'm effectively just locked off from buying a game for a month or year.
But the elephants were rude tho
I'm hopeful for them; I got 750.
Damn, gaming is basically half my life. Pretty interesting seeing a polar opposite opinion. Out of curiosity, do you recall any of games you tried?
his body look like pp 😳😳😳
There was already a 6gb patch for it lol
It is already really popular. It's featured with high praise in videos from Gmanlives and Woolie, both of which have &gt;125k views. It's also high up on the top selling list on steam with over 1000 reviews, barely 2 weeks after launch. For reference, Immortal Redneck, another roguelite FPS, has 1400 total steam reviews and it has been out for more than 3 years.
Nice, this sub always needs more annotated posts
&gt;But counting another team's money is getting pretty difficult Just show how much money the enemies have at the start of the round in the scoreboard. Valorant does this and it works fine.
Yeah let me just grab 9 friends that want to play csgo right at this moment in an experimental gamemode
My potions are too small for you, traveler
Could you make a video of it?
It would still be mostly unused; even if you have nearly perfect accuracy when running, you're still shooting at your enemies with nerf darts. At least it'll make it a bit more usable though.
I browsed /r/tumblrinaction regularly for years. Finally stopped once I realized how toxic the place was. (There were definitely a lot of dumb SJWs that I disagreed with that were showcased on the sub, but the people in the comment section took it too far by negatively generalizing the left and/or hating on trans people)
I'm glad I branched out to more of their songs after hearing their most popular stuff. They ended up being one of my favorite bands as well. ^^^^In ^^^^rainbows ^^^^is ^^^^best, ^^^^fight ^^^^me
Granted, office and agency are also in the comp pool right now for some reason... but not cobble.
That's true, though on the other hand it becomes easier to guarantee a kill by spraying down a target.
To clarify on more differences: - Chase was contrite and cooperative in the court and testified against the leaders of the robbery - Chase was robbing people in a drug deal - Lamar commited not one, but two robberies - Lamar robbed a public resturant during business hours, where an employee feared for their life - Lamar was the leader of the robberies 26 years still sounds high, though. Seems like it should be closer to 15 - 20.
Black Supremacy just means a group of black people that have greater authority over others, right? That seems very possible in places with a large black population.
Chroma 2, Gamma, Gamma 2, Shadow, etc. (I own 750 of the first 3)
Yes, I want percentages, not vague descriptions.
To me, it seems like silver is the new gold nova. Most people have a solid grasp on mechanics, and many others have over 1000 hours played (including myself). In 2014, I started at silver 4 and only went up from there. Today, I just deranked from silver 4 to 3.
Good vid, hope you make more
But what about that video about the president fighting game that was deleted in a few days and never archived Edit: [Jerma mentioning it.](https://i.imgur.com/d8AF4nx.png) I'm still curious to this day lol
Nope, it was [this game.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=01NfmzFEVOM&amp;t=15s)
[It has no scientists](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=229607604) from what I can tell.
It already has over 25k reviews on steam, and there are over 1000 players playing it concurrently as of writing this comment. It's more popular than you think
It's a nice effect that doesn't affect gameplay
Might be true for some, but then there are games like [Neversong](https://store.steampowered.com/app/733210/Neversong/), which has been out for less than a month.
You don't need nice graphics, but it's a nice option to have as long as it doesn't interfere with the gameplay.
And people are still buying it
Just got timed out at 13 - 15 when I had 3 kills in the round. Was happy I had the chance to ace, but I guess the game was rigged from the start.
It's really annoying though. I wouldn't mind if it was added to every sword. Flails already outclass them for a while now anyway.
True, though you'll have to switch to the whip every 4 seconds to apply the bonus again.
&gt;I tend to play PC games with an Xbox 360 controller. A controller is better than KBM in a bunch of genres. Fighting, racing, sidescrollers, etc. It would be a bit weird if you used controllers for FPS games, though.
From my own research so far, a PC with comparable specs to an X1X/PS4 Pro costs about 1.5x more. This will probably get even worse once the new consoles release. Edit: The PCMR "starter" build recommends a GPU and CPU that currently costs $400 CAD total at my local retailer. The X1X is being sold for $380. Yeah.
Too risky compared to Mac/MP9. Effective range is much lower and its cost is &gt;50% higher. MP9 + 2 flashes + smoke costs $50 less than the XM.
I wouldn't count on it. There are so many dead weapons in csgo that could at least use a minor buff.
I'd increase the price to around $3300 - $3500 and see how it goes from there.
I'd rather have an objectively better but pricier weapon, similar to the AK. Revert the accuracy nerf, increase firerate to 600RPM to line up with the AK, increase price to $3200.
I'd rather have a scout at long range, and even in short range, the noscope accuracy is fantastic and the movement speed penalty is low.
&gt;a Ryzen 1600 and RX 570 are only like 110 bucks each USD. A 3200G is $140, basically the same as a 1600 in power and price. The 570 is $170 though, bringing the total to $310 without even mentioning all the other parts you need. This is coming from memory express, which is basically Canadian Micro Center.
I got hit by the bug myself. It was like someone suddenly switched off my internet.
The company is milking whales either way, and frankly i'd prefer csgo because you can sell all the skins once you're done with them and many skins are cheaper to begin with.
Hold my covfefe
Bro you got P5R
That's because they are still trying to sell the game for a ridiculously high price. Getting the game and all its dlc at the best possible sale costs $50 USD.
Perfectly balanced
- Find the most optimal upgrade or building to buy next. The game gives you info about how much CpS (cookies per second) your buildings are producing by mousing over them, so you can figure it out by doing simple math. - Golden Cookies are very useful, though they require active/semi-active play. They appear on the screen temporarily every 5 or so minutes (frequency can be increased with upgrades) and they give bonuses such as "7x CpS for 77 seconds". - Eventually, sugar lumps will start growing. Spend them to level up your farms, temples, and wizard towers first to get access to minigames that can potentially give you extra income. - Wrinklers (Weird red monsters that sap some of your CpS) are a blessing in disguise. Popping them gives back 1.1x of the cookies they sucked out, so if they sucked out 1000 cookies, you'll get 1100 back. For this reason, you should keep them alive for a while instead of immediately killing them. (They won't appear for a while; you'll need quadrillions of cookies to have access to them) - Ascensions are basically a requirement in later portions of the game. They give massive and useful bonuses. Try earning at least 100 prestige levels/heavenly chips before ascending for the first time.
There were CRTs and VHS's on a cart in my middle school. It was around 2015 at the time. We also had access to chromebooks and smartboards, though.
Welp, time to add true true neverclick
Thanks for making a cool game. I was just wondering if [this was intentional.](https://www.reddit.com/r/CookieClicker/comments/h7ju9u/so_gamblers_fever_dream_is_still_bugged/) It especially seems odd because the text says it should have twice the effect of backfiring (30%, or 3% with DI)
You take that back. Junkrat is a joy to play in both games
The companies use the emulators as an excuse to not port their games, as if all their income will be taken away from pirates.
It's a breath of fresh air compared to bullshit like dark souls """""remastered""""", AKA a decade old game that added a few bare minimum fixes that were already implemented by modders, and sold for $40.
Xenoblade on PC would be lit
Granted, that's usually only a minor annoyance during general gameplay because the phone booths are around every corner. It does become a massive problem when you do an hour long story mission that you can't save in, though.
I mean, they've ported a grand total of 2 decade old games so far.
&gt;and I can't stand anything remotely anime y tho
How did it improve over Persona 5?
I mean, if you want 1 game from this collection that is normally sold for $10 - $20 on steam, it would be worth it. Nuclear Throne, Celeste, Night in the Woods, Neversong, etc. The other 1700 games are a nice bonus, though.
That game was kinda shitty. I got 175 hours in Enter the Gungeon and I uninstalled Exit after 80 minutes of playtime.
And throwing rocks through random people's windows isn't?
Your complaints are fair for a lot of anime, but I can't say i've experienced most of them as a casual fan. It might be due to me watching more modern anime, though; generally, they have better grasps on story flow, less tropes (like the gasping), and better actors. I can give a couple suggestions that don't break any of those rules if you want (besides #1 and #7 I guess)
I managed to get it in just 2 days somehow.
Granted, they did manage to pump SPCE and LL
It's more of a comparison with prejudice. They're not saying black people = dogs, they're saying prejudice against people of a certain race sounds similar to prejudice against dogs.
Yeah, I get it, but they're still just saying "making broad generalizations of a race or species due to one bad experience isn't a good idea"
It only started after the "enemy spotted update" on the 10th for me. Before that, me and my teammates had zero issues.
You could also get a 4TB HDD for about the same price though, hence why many would still be using them.
Terraria stuttered a shitton for me on my HDD so I moved it to the SSD and it worked great.
Random but frequent half-second freezes during regular gameplay. Always came with a massive spike in the active time of the HDD.
For those who want to play comp on community maps, I highly recommend [Mapcore's Faceit servers.](https://www.faceit.com/en/organizers/948b5a8c-702e-4140-a4b3-1d0cbfeebd45/MapCore) Seems to be the best option at the moment, even though you'll probably have to idle in queue for a while. It's a massive shame that valve has opted to lower the amount of community maps in the pool these days. Previous operations had 5+ community competitive maps, but shattered web had a grand total of 1.
My only complaint is that the cutscene animations seem stilted
People won't kick you for being shit from what i've seen. Source: Bottom fragged in several matches on the NA hub
Impossible. Stonks only go up.
Surely you paid attention to the notification that told you to back up your save, right?
It should be the opposite. Higher fps = more reaponsive controls. If it doesn't work like that, I can't think of any possibilities besides it being a weird (and maybe impossible) bug, or you being mistaken.
One of my steam friends skipped out on the $5 itch.io Racial Justice bundle and the $1 Xbox Game Pass deal just because he liked steam that much. It makes me pretty sad.
Didn't they change ratchet into a generic starry-eyed hero since the PS4 remake?
I'd love TF3 too, though I wonder how valve would account for all the TF2 items. If none of them transfer into the sequel, it would probably destroy the economy and piss off a lot of people.
5 years is a big gap, but still, that's a decent point; I wonder why CSGO has such a massive playerbase compared to TF2.
You can get every unique weapon in the game for less than 1 key ($2.50).
&gt;instead of 10 variants of a gun I disagree; the massive variety of weapons added a lot of longevity to the game and incentivized many new playstyles. Stuff like demoknight and gunslinger engineers might as well have been new classes with how different they play compared to their default loadouts.
TIL element combinations are a thing... and I got a dozen hours in the game
Why did you take a picture of the tweet instead of just posting it
The design is weird but oddly enthralling.
I dunno why some people are liking this. It's like they chose five different house styles and placed them randomly all over the house, intersecting badly with other styles.
For me, it was because of the few people that advocated for it to the point where it became annoying and possibly detrimental to others (hate on men/white people)
That looked like it should've been a clean kill though. Paced his shots well and everything.
7/10 isn't a bad game. It's a competent collectathon with plenty of characters, references, and locations that fans of the show will like.
That sucks. Did they not make enough off of the trilogy on steam?
By your logic, CSGO has been dead since day 1 of beta. Player numbers have been at an all time high since April.
That makes the game sound like shit though. Only 2 fights out of 100+ are good?
It's overhyped and the demand is pretty low
It's limited and consumable, so it'll likely go up anyway. Might take a while though.
Investments are also usually way safer than gambling, though.
&gt;doesn't seem like a bad idea to occasionally re-evaluate the terminology. Taking a jog on the euphemism treadmill sounds like a waste of time tbh.
It's more that people will eventually find new words uncomfortable until you have to make a new one up, then that one becomes uncomfortable too. At some point we should probably just accept that medical terms exist and that they shouldn't be offensive.
&gt;but it isn't fucking ridiculous levels of muscular. Maybe it's just because I haven't seen too many buff women in games, but to me she looks roided as fuck. Very masculine frame too. It looks like she'll become R63 senator armstrong in a few years.
"shove trans bullshit down our throats", aka representing 1 (one) character in 1 (one) game. Sounds totally rational.
Well, besides the assholes who are reviewbombing the game, there are a few actual criticisms to keep in mind. Some people thought the gameplay was mediocre, some didn't like the constant display of excessive violence, and some didn't like how the story was framed regarding abby.
Cool, that sounds like a great change.
Illidans feeding
Damn he thick
[P5](https://i.imgur.com/LZOei5O.png) [P5R](https://i.imgur.com/a04gvnK.png) P5R looks less stylistic, less bold, and has more white (black) space due to being smaller. I'm not a fan.
This game has several hours of cutscenes. The story is a massive part of it, so not liking it is a massive hit for lou2, especially if you went into the game expecting a plot at the same quality as lou1.
&gt;Call of Duty is a good game, anyone who thinks otherwise is dumb. Not really, some people don't like its arcadey style. I used to like cod as a kid, but I really can't get into it anymore, for example.
Wow, a repost on 4chan? I didn't even know people did that. Also the middle message clearly shows it's from 2018 and the other messages are from 2020 lol
Partially agree; guns like the deagle are generally great to use because of their power. However, sometimes other pistols (particularly high capacity ones) end up feeling like water pistols in some games.
This sub doesn't just mean "ugly architecture".
