Maybe that's because you're a drunk? Seems like you've got a tenuous grasp on competency when you're sober- being drunk just makes you go full-on retard doesn't it?
There is literally a button on the page you linked to request an audit if you believe the posting may be incorrect. Do you have any reason to suspect it's not legitimate? Do you have a reason to believe the audit won't be accurate? Is there any information you'd like to give besides just posting a link and asking others to do the legwork?
Exclusivity isn't going to stop because you made a Reddit post about it. Exclusivity happens because someone has the money to convince a developer not to release on all platforms. If you want to get it to stop, you need to spend your time making the money to buy developers off; not on Reddit asking everyone to hold hands. Hell, this sub isn't even like 10% of the gaming population &gt;Now this article may be wrong,but lest be honest,Sony woud do this,and rockstar would also do it Let's actually be honest - it's not just Sony that would do this. Remember Fable? Halo? Mass Effect? All exclusive to Xbox. Hell, Xbox fans at least still get to play GTA, when will PS4 get to play Fable? If you want to point the finger in the exclusives war, it's Xbox that pushes into the limit. Microsoft kept trying to use Halo and Gears exclusivity to kill their competition and failed. You want to look for someone to blame about exclusivity? Don't blame the guys who do it now; blame the company that made it a tactic. Also, that article's only evidence is that the rumor about GTA came with rumors about the PS5 that have been confirmed as accurate; then goes on to say other rumors disagree with the GTA leak. So the article can't be wrong, because the article doesn't actually say anything besides the game may or may not be exclusive on the PS5 at release, which is about as useful as saying there may or may not be clouds in the sky on Saturday.
Well, u/mtorres266 does advocate for slavery, so I guess that's their solution?
Not to mention, it doesn't matter. All game devs exist to make a profit. Sure, they may want to create video games too; but they are here to have that effort pay off. There's no problem with that. The problem comes when someone like u/mtorres266 wants to start discrimination against groups simply because they are or are not successful. Why should "Mtorress266 Games" be allowed to only distribute on XBox while EA has to make a game that performs on all systems - creating higher costs and lower revenues? If it's villainous for EA to be exclusive, it's villainous for the others to be as well. Posters like OP aren't mad about exclusivity itself, they just are unhappy when it doesn't suit *them*.
You didn't actually answer the question. Try again. What does overall mean? How do you weigh social activism (or lack thereof) versus a bad game? How do you weight an issue like Anthem literally bricking systems if the demo was downloaded, even while not up? What did your top 10 actually do to deserve being on the list and their place on it?
Wouldn't it have been 10x easier to write your question in Google's search bar and get a response right away; instead of hoping you get a quick and accurate answer from a third party website?
There's not enough context to be able to draw any meaningful conclusions. Realistically all we have is Ghost saying he was dead and Sagira saying he was napping. But we don't know which is correct. Maybe Ghost was "dead", and reconnected with the Traveler. What does "small" mean? Physically small like far away? Was the Light hard to feel or gone? If Ghost was dead, was he reconnecting to the Traveler, or was this the Destiny equivalent of "go to the Light"? Could he have 'imagined it"? If Ghost was reconnecting to the Traveler, could he have been spat out again now that the Traveler is awake? On the flip side, maybe he was asleep. Do Ghosts sleep? If they do, do they dream? If those dream haven't meant anything before, why do they now. Plus Sagira took Ghost over easy peasy, like she has done it before. Can we hunt down other Ghosts she has jacked and see what their experienced? Until we know what "actually" happened to Ghost during that time and have other baselines to measure it against no meaningful conclusion can be drawn.
Why? Why would you ever want a pinata of something you don't like, unless it's to go Office Space on it?
But then OP would be excited by any llama pinata, not one that is directly associated with a game they don't like. And if it's just because it's "cute", there's a million other cute pinatas as well.
Well I don't give a shit about pinatas, so asking when I saw any specific one last is nothing more than a red herring. Plus it's completely irrelevant. I'm glad you agree that OP doesn't like this pinata because it's gaming related though. Maybe if you keep reading that sentence over and over you'll get what my point actually was?
Sounds like more than just your Epic account got hacked. You do realize it's *your* responsibility to keep your account safe, right? Epic can add additional layers of protection but as long as you're lackadaisical it really doesn't matter.
How would someone help you out? You've got membership on a specific account or accounts - you're going to have to sell off the account itself. And last I checked selling accounts is against the TOS and this sub's rules.
Well Gmail clearly didn't stop them, as they got around your 2FA. Either that or you don't actually have it set up. If you used the same passwords over and over, not Epics fault. If your email credentials end up on the dark web, not Epics fault. You getting all worked up Epic didn't do enough also isn't their fault, just like it's not their fault that you're spending your time complaining about your lazy ways instead of taking steps for it to not happen again.
Then explain why I'm wrong instead of being an asshole. Look jackass, it's obvious as fuck you're just an alt account. Take your one day of trolling back to bridge your mom abandoned you under. Assholes like you need a hobby besides thinking you're intelligent.
What's actually scary is the number of people who agree with OP that it's Epic's responsibility to keep their passwords straight.
Go back to r/pccirclejerk where you belong.
At this point I just consider the cost as an "it is what it is" type situation. Got my PS4 January of '14 and honestly only remember a couple PS Plus Games. Binding of Isaac and Rocket League are probably the top tier ones. Saints Row 4 would have been great but I picked it up on PS3. And I do have a bit of a PS+ backlog with Darksiders 2 (got to play number 1 with PS+ back on the 3), Detroit: Become Human, and a few others. I know there's been a few other games that I played more than once or twice (like Grow Home), but largely I don't play them too much anymore.
Here's my initial thought, and at the bottom are two replies (both somewhat long) ----------------- Not only is there little evidence, there's absolutely none. The main argument that they've made in that speculation? Oh yea, that we have to be an Ahamkara because it took Ghost a while to find us. Pulled Pork was looking for their Guardian for a while too, so I guess Uldren is also an Ahamkara? Or the argument that we are "stronger" than other Guardians - maybe. We don't do shit anywhere near as cool as Osiris and his Echoes. We couldn't fight for centuries as the Vex drained our light. Our Guardian is overcome by a slanted edge at the bottom of a 6 foot drop. Plus, if we were an Ahamkara, why aren't we twisting the wishes? Supposedly the Vanguard "wished" for us to take down Oryx - was the twist us not becoming the King? That's less like a twist and more of exactly what people wanted to happen. That "theory" is nothing more than velo_dinosir needing to force a "lore" based reason that the main character in a video game has a more interesting story than the supporting characters. But the speculation falls apart with any sort of consideration. Reply to OP of theory: https://www.reddit.com/r/DestinyLore/comments/ehhyoq/i_have_a_question_or_two/fckmm16/ Another reply: https://www.reddit.com/r/DestinyLore/comments/ehhyoq/i_have_a_question_or_two/fcko4fd/
Go do it up little buddy! There's guides to learn how to mod online.
Might as well try sometime.
Wow, you got me good.
Rent the game and give it a try. I think Redbox may have it. If you like it, awesome. If you don't, also awesome.
Yes you can, stupid EDZ obelisk has made me do so. I just set mine back 3 hours while in orbit, flew to EDz and spawned alone. Then flew to the Tangled Shore and changed back while loading; came back to a populated zone. EZPZ
Seems like everyone just downvoted you or was a big enough jerk their comment got removed; but you're getting the phases confused. Yes, Anarchy does work when you're on Phase One/Deception. As you said, it makes it easy peasy to keep homeboy susceptible to damage. What OP is talking about is Phase 2, or Gahlran himself. In OP's potential cheese, one player using the Divinity stopped Gahlran from raising his hands- the weird interrupt mechanic. Obviously you're familiar with the raid so he's saying they were able to just continuously ahiit Gajlran's forehead and never stop. Unless others have confirmed the same, I have to suspect it was a glitch over anything else. There's a challenge for each person doing a different hand during damage so it seems unlikely they would put a weapon in that would stop progression. That being said, maybe it's a cool interaction andBhngie expects people to be smart enough to swap weapons if they really can't do the bounty with a Divinty firing.
He really isn't. The Dare needs to be accepted, like when Andal and Cayde bet who could catch Taniks. The person who accepts the Dare needs to be a Guardian. Uldren was just a regular Awpken prince when he would have fulfilled the "dare". The person who accepts the dare needs to be a Hunter. We have no idea what class Uldren is. He could be a Hunter, or one of the other classes. His actions of doing the best for his people is pretty Titan-y. The only evidence that points to the Dare is simply Cayde saying whoever bested him becomes the new Vanguard. But that can very easily be interpreted to his joking personality. Plus it's not like Cayde would actually expect another Guardian to take him down. Plus, the rest of the Vanguard shows they don't believe it's a true Dare. Which is why they opened up the position, and Hunters fled the last city.
Its Destiny, which means the world of vague lore many times. One Dredgen did stab their Ghost with a dagger made from a Weapon of Sorrow, and the Rifleman did have an ontological shot. But then you run into things like Twilight Gap where Ghardiams(edit: Good job spelling!) were ordered to abandon the city because the losses were so bad. Fallen don't seem like they should have had the correct weapons to stop Guardians en masse there unless it could be done by regular weapons. Or like Drifter, who murdered the Ghosts of his previous comrades so he could upgrade his own Ghost. Doesn't seem like he should have had the weapons to do so; but he did.
How is it a good theory? There's nothing to support it and the lore itself is in opposition to half of OP's speculation.
I'm even more confused now, since you sent me a direct message saying you're just trying to support lore theories. But I'm still trying to figure out why you consider it "good". Now, I commented on your reply earlier and again now because I think your reasoning may be pertinent to others as well. When you reply this time; please don't do it in a direct message where no one else can see what you're saying. Especially if you're just upvoting any theory, regardless of how viable it is. There is already a sub created for fanfiction; people who explore lore like it to be at least a little substantiated.
The game came out in December of 2018; more than just a few months. It's a game that's been out for over a year and wasn't super acclaimed nor is it a game people go out of their way to pick up. Not surprised retailers are cleaning it off the shelves.
Might need to take a break from gaming?
I'm confused. Why are you posting something you drew a few years ago from WoW in honor of completing the Witcher now?
&gt;I know nobody cares but I just needed to sad it out loud because I’m furious about it. While I agree with you it's annoying to have to pay tk game online; it's 100x more annoying to have little kids playing the victim for their own ignorance. If you're going to play this "oh woe is me, no one cares about my sadness" dumb game then you should just turn the system off and go find a new hobby. That being said, you also told someone a few days ago that your karma whoring works fine, so I have to assume you're be overly dramatic just so you can get a lazy upvote or two.
That makes a lot more sense then. I thought OP was bragging about a drawing on the right, not about the couple items they got on their WoW character.
You fucked old ladies for it? Damn Daniel, you gotta ask for a little more if you're gonna hook it on the streets.
Depends on what you classify as "the same person". If my mother suddenly lost all her memories and her personality shifted then yes, her DNA would still be the same. But she wouldn't be the woman who remembers our trips together, the woman who carried me, the woman who spent years literally cleaning my shit because she cares about me. Yes, she would be the same human, but definitely a completely different person.
Jackass.
Apparently I struck a nerve too! I like that after talking shit on internet tough guys you start acting like one. Too dumb to realize that? Assuredly. Even better is that you, the big ol' badass, couldn't reply to my earlier comments of yours, butbhere you wi. Did you get scared over in r/gaming because you got downvoted? Does completely fall in line with your whiny bitch boi ways. I guess you're down to act like a dumbass ape as long as you think only 5 people will downvote you? Which is hilarious, because even you're embarrassed by your own behqvior. Once again dumbass, go fuck yourself. Or ar least go back to school.
What about little bitch bois like you that act like Reddit badasses and then scamper off when they get downvoted? You're not tough, not smart, and have a shitty personality. No wonder you can only feel good on Reddit and then get embarrassed by your own dumbass posts.
Couldn't it also just be super likely that Lego is in the forefront because of the movie that came out 2 weeks ago? The end to a saga that's been going for 40ish years now? I've never seen a single person say Lego Star Wars is the only good one; in fact, the overall opinion is that they are consistently good games. Remember, correlation doesn't always mean causation kids.
They get quite a bit of it! Across the Harry Potters, the Avengers, Indiana Jones, Star Wars, and Batman franchises! You don't get trusted with these IPs or stay to make this many games unless they are on point.
Well, you immediately discredited any sort of argument *you* make by playing the victim just because people don't agree with you
Your choices are only limited by you, so that's not a valid argument. You could simply go get another console. You're ignoring the large number of criticisms with Jedi fallen Order as well, including the dumb sliding levels. You really need to work on being observant before crying that people don't hold your hand enough.
Stop being this idiotic. A "third party tester" is the same as a reviewer. Given you don't pay attention to reviews, why would you suddenly pay attention to, well, a review? There's not "usually" QA testers in the entertainment forum. Or do you want to explain how the QA process works with record labels and movie studios?
&gt;I wouldn’t know how to define what a broken or unfinished game is either. And that's why this entire thread is a shitpost, and your replies whining about how things must be fine because people didnt upvote you are just trash as well.
Then don't play them, problem solved. There's so much other shit to do in the world that these posts are just honestly stupid. It's also completely stupid that someone says they won't play competitively because of bugs. Either everyone has to deal with that bug and OP is just being dramatic; or the bug doesn't exist and OP is just bad (more than likely). If it's a big that hits you and you alone then it's time to upgrade your hardware. The fact that OP is doing worse in Fortnite now than previously, when they have added legitimate bots that don't play and have removed a *ton* of the skill ceiling tells me it's not bugs holding OP back; it's their decision to blame their failing on the game and not themselves.
&gt;You're reporting that everything is buggy all of a sudden; the common factor is you. God I wish more people could understand this.
Yea, why was I not surprised that OP replied that it's definitely not his fault or his PC's.
I'm sorry you posted it too. I forgot that idiots have to play the victim when their shitpost gets called out.
Please stop blaming your failures on a video game. Please also take a writing class. You seem to have problems forgetting your own thoughts. Please go back to playing the victim and whining that it's because we're all too casual to understand you. Jackass.
I don't know how you can highly recommend the console based off of this review. The more of these I see from people with YT in their username the more it feels like just shilling from the Google family and friends. On the connection side you saw hiccups in a controlled environment. Yes, it worked smoothly with an ethernet cord; but both qualities are the same as other consoles. I've taken my PS4 on works trips with no issues on the wifi before. Neutral for Stadia. You mentioned the game selection is sparse; and even the link showing off games includes at least one that hasn't come out like Cyberpunk. Negative for Stadia. You mentioned wishing there was coop. While this trend seems to be dying overall, at least with legacy-esque consoles we do have some options. Negative for Stadia. There's not many people to play with. Negative for Stadia. About the only thing in your review that's a "positive" is that Stadia has easy refunds. While that's great; I prefer to do the research ahead of time so I don't make a bad purchase. Edit: Maybe you feel Stadia is more amazing than it is because you don't really have any experiences with consoles?
Wait, are you one of the people we see pictures of who takes their gaming setup to Starbucks and hunkers down to play?
Ah, so you're not connecting a headset or trying any sort of voice capabilities?
It may not mean you're shilling, but it can also mean that someone who makes content one platform owned by Google has a vested interest in promoting a product by Google. You're right, the negatives could change. Or they could not change. Or it could get worse. However, it still doesn't make sense that you would "highly recommend" something when there are more negatives than positives. My PS4 takes up less space than bringing along a computer for gaming; given my smallest laptop has a 19" screen. That's not a negative point for legacy consoles; it's simply a neutral point. The best thing that Stadia has going for it is that it's backed by Google. However, if you've ever tried to talk to Google support; even for paid services like Adwords, you'd realize it's just as much a neutral as well. Hell, more like a negative. As you've agreed, Stadia seems impressive because you have no baseline to measure it against. And while it's fine for you to have that opinion; it also means it's fine for the rest of us to point out it really isn't that amazing.
If they were overpriced they wouldn't be selling. And if they weren't selling, the price would lower. Just because something is more than you want to spend doesn't make it overpriced.
Agree with you, I think they are pretty cool in concept. The only time I recall redeeming them was Black Flag and the weapons were good enough to make a few sections easy; but not OP as transitioned to the endgame. That is how items should be done imo. That being said, I also agree with u/sgitch it was annoying when mine expired.
I don't. I just buy more and don't play them. Redbox had their used games on sale so I bought KH3 and KH Remix. Haven't even opened the jewel case and put 15 to 20 hours into D2 since.
That game already exists, though fast traveling hasn't been put in yet. I mean it kind of has, but the load times are pretty slow compared to most cast travel. It's called "Life". What you want to play isn't a video game; it's legitimately just life itself.
Not only did it take u/lazydonkey25 two years to reply, they fucked up *that's*. I hope I'm not the only one that finds it hilarious when a punctuation troll can't even do it themselves.
u/Denis-89 is just self-promoting through multiple subs and pretending it's not an ad. It's not even just an ad for the channel; the facebook page of the game links back to his site as theirs. He's just a jackass shill who thinks he's too smart to be caught.
So what you're saying is tou had these problems for 14 days, and you just waited until now to post about it. Uh huh. That seems totally believable. If you're gonna pretend you were proactive at least have it make a little sense.
Ok, if we're not allowed commonly accepted acronyms then please ensure that you consistently use punctuation. Please stop beginning sentences with propositions as well. Please learn critical thinking and reading comprehension as well. I read your initial shitpost as well and believe at best you tried for a refund on day 1 and then didn't do shit about it until after the fact. Please stop lying for Reddit attention. If you would like to show the contrary, please link the threads you made in that 2 week interim asking for help. Or, given you were commenting on stores and launchers *3 days ago*, why don't you explain why you didn't mention this issue at all?
Pretty cute that u/jesterfx delete this trash after attention whoring didn't work.
It's after the cutscene happened. It seems likely the only way anyone has this information is if we or Eris told them. Given Eris and Mara's relationship it seems unlikely she wouldn't have known about Uldren when we saw the cutscene as well. There's no reason to expect either our character or Eris would hold this information back from the tower.
&gt;Has there ever been an instance of Guardians getting married? Zavala for one.
Total bullshit? So like your entire post history? Dumbass troll.
Guess you shouldn't have waited so long. Edit: Yesterday OP was asking if they should take the deal and after being told yes, said they were going to pick it ul. I know you expect my comment was just being a smartass; it it was actually legitimate advice. Take a peek before just assuming. I've already had 4 people message me "mAyBe He DiDnT kNoW tIlL tOdAy"
You're dumb as hell. Piss off troll. Seriously, how fucking stupid are you to need a month to come home with that reply? You've been active on Reddit in the month interim. Which means you legitimately spent a month thinking about my comment and *this* is the best reply you've got? Some adult failed you.
Are there any smartwatches that *don't* have a fallout pipboy style option at this point?
What makes this one more dope than the others?
This is stupid. That EA horse has been beaten beyond recognition. Put your stick away.
So why are you "answering" questions you don't know?
I'm pretty sure OP is a pedophile. u/house0fchains has posts telling 15 year olds their parents are assholes for grounding them (after the kid admittedly didnt do their chore and let a dog run around the neighborhood). It's like a textbook definition of grooming; and this shitpost proves that is all OP is trying to do.
Hey, jackass - You haven't thanked me for doing as you requested. Be a jackass all you want but learn some fucking manners. Stupid troll.
Correct. I have a Galaxy Watch; whatever would be the newest release approx 9/2018. If I open my Galaxy Wearable app and open the watch faces I can search for fallout/pipboy and have 4 initial responses. It's just a custom face. There's some for free, and a few that cost $1-$2
Well, one of the reasons why I don't support Apple is because they do a really job marketing mediocre products like they are amazing. Remember when every smartwatch but yours could pull this face and remember it for next time you consider Apple.
Given that someone posted it *to you*, why not ask them? You asked for permission to post it here and they agreed; I bet they would explain their insult if asked.
They don't really do so. Like every now and then you might see someone calling out that Nintendo is for the kids; but it's nowhere near the amount of hate the other consoles get. Not even close.
It may not have brought up Calus in any way but it's still exactly what he wanted to see. Consider the Cayde-7 entry. Calus is present; but you could replace him with a fart. The only part that actually matters is our Guardian killing Cayde-7. Calus's presence in an entry is fairly worthless beside the idea that we are both going in the same direction.
(Debate) Why not post on r/apexlegends.
&gt;Btw, change your title to make more sense Btw you can't change a title. If 90% of your post is a suggestion; make sure that suggestion is actually possible.
Nah. This is 2020 and the game has been deader than Heath Dedger for a while now.
Why shit, the first minute of the video is cringe off the record. If the first 60 seconds are godawful I'm not staying around to see what dumpster fire it turns into.
Google and Wikipedia say no.
So why not just organize it by whatever genre *you* consider it?
&gt;That was once a big part of the game Thanks, I needed a good laugh this morning.
This is one of the stupidest things I've read on Destiny Lore. It's not even remotely funny or witty. If you hate the character, fine; but you don't need to shitpost about how she's sucking enemies off to give them AIDS.
&gt;they need special hive magic bullshittery to kill us completely, No, they don't. They literally killed Saint by draining his light. No Hive magic involved.
I think of it like we are the battery and our Ghost is the charging cable. If the cable gets disconnected, your battery will still last for a little bit. The more light you use, the faster it drains. And just like a battery, we don't get refueled immediately (otherwise just limitless super for daaaaaaays)
Whoever performed your removal was drastically exaggerating how long the recovery time takes. My best friend, his brother, and myself all got our wisdom teeth out within about a year of each other. Best friend and brother had to do their's first and were laid up for 4 days. Best friend was in so much discomfort that he broke the "bell" his momma gave him. Should be noted, as much as Inlove the dude, we all acknowledge that he and his brothers were coddled beyond belief. Got mine removed and was worried about the days of pain. Got home from the doc's about 2 or 3 in the afternoon and passed out till 9. Heated up some spaghetti and played some Socom 2. The next day I went over to that best friend's house and played hockey with him and his bro. Did I feel perfect? No. But a little advil or ibuprofen or whatever they recommend went a long way. Honestly the biggest thing to be concerned about imo is getting dry socket. But you definitely don't need a week to recuperate.
Shaxx was a Warlord, which operated in the Dark Ages. In the D2 trailer we see Zavala as he is first brought back and the trip he takes to a clearing that will eventually become the Last City. This calls out he was part of the Dark Ages as well. The Iron Lords were operating during the Dark Ages as well. Being around since the Dark Ages doesn't make you the oldest in a world of nigh-immortal people. It just makes you an elder.
Nothing. u/linwoodtie is just a shithead troll. Just take a look at their replies in this thread, where not a single one is actually about the original post. According to the shithead, they are only 15. So I'm sure they got expelled for being a piece of shit kid. Given their parents didn't give a single fuck when the kid had a future, you think they are going to stop him from being a little troll now? Fuck no, they are going to let the internet keep raising the kid they gave up on. Though to be fair I would give up on OP too if I ever had a kid that was this proud of being a piece of shit.
I think you're still a shitty troll, and I think you recognize it; which is why you had to make multiple separate replies to me in a 5 minute period, all on the same comment. I think you must be a pretty poor moderator, because you don't seem to realize you can edit a comment to add this wall of bullshit into. I don't think you know what the word ironic is, but still use it like you do. I think you've got no actual hobby or thing to do in life besides be a troll. While Reddit has stated that karma is fake internet points and worthless, you base portions of your self-worth off that irrelevant number. I think you're a stupid, asshole troll who gets off on making himself feel important but is, in all likelihood, quite the moron. I don't believe you taught yourself any of the things you claim that you have. I don't believe that you created brakes at 7 or 8 years old. I don't believe you ever took that SAT test, and I don't think you understand what an IQ test measures. I don't believe you've written any portion of a book, and I'm sure the rest of your life is no more truthful than this shitpost you made. Does that answer your question jackass?
Uh oh, some whiny little bitch boi is *triggered*. Really so worked up that you have to keep replying to my comments multiple times? Or are you just trying to prove that you really are such a poor moderator you don't realize you can edit your shit. What's funny is that some little "badass" like yourself can send one comment about how this sub was made for people like you to be assholes; and then be so goddamn defensive about it that it literally eats away until they send another reply. Oops, guess you and your big brain were too stupid to think that through. As for 30 minutes of Reddit at lunch; you've been replying and posting for longer than that. Not only are you and idiot, you're about to be an unemployed one. That is of course assuming that you actually told the truth for once; which we know is quite hard for you to do. And no, I don't feel like a keyboard warrior telling some stupid piece of shit they are a piece of shit. You might be projecting though. Is that why you posted my replies to r/copypasta? Makes yourself feel good? Good job champ. You got me good. Edit: Annnnd just as I forecasted, the r/copypasta post!
Imagine calling other people simple when you can't use "you're" correctly.
We don't know what's on the "inside" of any of the ships; why would this one be different?
The mark you're referring to was from the Collector's Edition. It was all about hyping the DLC; which was the first time Sunbreakers were a thing in Destiny gameplay. Plus, where do you keep your hammer for middle tree hammer? There's nothing saying it couldn't just sit there. Where are you getting the idea Guardians can't use their armor? Praedyth is literally doing shit in his cell simply by taking his gear apart.
Lore piece? Or this all there was? Would love to see more context!
I believe it is Peregrine Greaves that have lore explaining they work because they use the Titan's light and basically spin it up to be ready for a knee smash. Can easily apply the same mentality to pushing light into the hammer to have it ready for a strike.
PSA to all consumers: Research who you buy from online before you give them your money. Same with in person businesses and random people you meet on the street offering a sweet deal.
No, that's not what you asked. You asked if there was a reason why some pieces of armor had light based elements, like the hammer and quiver. Your title is even &gt;Does any part of lore mention why certain armor parts in d2 and d1 have hammer of sol and shadow shot arrows as their parts? Then the body of your post was *specifically* about how summoning those items "is not the easiest thing to do" and that we "for sure" couldn't use them. &gt;Like, i thought that summoning hammer of sol and shadow shot bow and arrows is not an easiest thing to do and for sure guardians can't use them just like a show off as a piece of armor, yet orpheus rig has arrows in a quiver and back in d1 we had a titan mark with a hammer of sol attached to it There is absolutely no point where you ever ask, or mention whether or not the pieces can be taken apart. The only time that has ever come up was when I mentioned Praedyth taking his gear apart because it is all functional. So, once again, I didn't misunderstand your question. You simply decided to change it down the toad. But your question is already answered through logic; just like the basis for the rest of my replies to you. We're already in agreement that the hammer on the side is a functional Hammer of Sol, like the one you throw for middle tree. We agree that lore supports our Guardian to invest light to have their abilities up and ready to go. Why wouldn't we believe that a warlock can do the same with their Dawnblade? There's nothing to suggest it can't. But it would also be pretty dumb to place a burning sword on a wall in a packed city, wouldn't it? And why would you invest the energy into keeping something physical unless it was because you thought it could be needed - at which point why wouldn't you have it on your person instead of back at home in the City? Whether items have individual components such as a trigger lock for a golden gun is simply irrelevant. We know the items have substance; which is why our weapons made of light can cause physical distress and why Osiris can feel his reflection putting cold metal to his head. So instead of asking whether or not the golden gun we summon can be individually disassembled, instead ask *why* we would summon a gun through putting all of it's individual components together. You will never need to clean the chamber, you're never going to want the safety on, you barely even need the sights. So why would a guardian spend the time to create every individual component when they don't need them?
Sorry asshole, I realized you're dumb as shit and you should too. I knew you were dumb, looks like you're a bit stupid as well.
How long did it take you to find a 2.5 year old review?
While it's worse than in perpetuity, it's a lot better than nothing at all. What have you contributed besides a smartass comment? Not to mention, there is a burden on the company for these donations. They stated they're net proceeds, not the gross; so someone has to be there to do at least some sort of cost analysis. Or the fact that they say future purchases count as well; no end date means that if one person bought the skin in June then a donation must be made; or people like you are going to decry about broken promises and lies. You're one of those kids that got a puppy for Christmas and whined it was the wrong breed, aren't you?
No shit Sherlock. You didn't make even an acute observation. You literally just stated the obvious. Seriously, you must have not gone to school or watched TV at all. There's a pretty famous rhetorical question that all of us who *did* are familiar with: "If everyone else jumped off a bridge, would you too?" The point being that the masses aren't always correct.
While right and wrong are subjective, that's not really what OP is getting at. They are referring to herd mentality and that just because your position is enforced by others doesn't mean it's the best option (or the worst, or in the middle). While OPs stance is correct, it's also not unpopular by any means. Walk down the street and ask people if you should agree with Decision X because others do and they will tell you to evaluate for yourself.
Your simply thinking a monetary burden. You're not factoring in the time equity. You're not factoring in the loss of PR if this goes on in perpetuity and naysayers like you,a year down the road, decry the company because they didn't donate the 50 cents from the one skin sold that month. The "percentage per purchase" is completely irrelevant. It's simply a red herring. We don't need to know what their cost per sale is. If you care that much about what the percentage is you can watch for how much they donated, find how many skins they sold, and go from there. And let me ask you the same thing I asked u/aknightalone : what have you done besides shit on a company at least being helpful? Where's your donation? The fuck have you done to try and get world wide engagement on your charity campaign. I'd think more about my personal contributions before shitting on others trying to put something togeteher. &gt;defence of the same company that banned an Esports team for defending Hong Kong protestors. This is just a stupid, stupid argument. Why? Because a company isn't just a single action. You also can't ever support any worldwide organization as they've all had isolated issues that weren't in the best interest of anyone but themselves. For all their charitable work, companies like Google and Apple have also engaged in employee manipulation. Hell, you shouldn't be supporting Jimi Hendrix either, because he was known as a dangerous driver. Which means you believe that it's worse to have ideologically differences with someone than to drive a vehicle thousands of pounds in weight, around a congested area, completely erratically? Of course you don't. But you were able to look past the shitty part of someone *when it suits you*; which means you should consider doing it the rest of the time too.
In u/queqzob 's defense, that doesn't say what percentage of the skin is eaten by costs and which goes to charity. However, that doesn't matter either. The main issue with people like u/quegzob and the other naysayer is they just want to shit on companies and don't care that the business is at least trying to be helpful. I have to believe that these people legitimately believe the Outback is better of with NO donation, which is completely moronic.
And in the 4 hours since, u/assasin2gamer has posted over 100 comments on reddit and 50 new threads. Somehow I don't think they have time to be drawing when it's all sucked up by Redditing
That's all the troll apparently does. They are so bad at stealing others content they can't even change the title https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/en6tsz/met_this_cutie_in_a_starbucks_in_prague_they_let/ https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/en6tsz/met_this_cutie_in_a_starbucks_in_prague_they_let/ u/assasin2gamer is just the stereotypical reddit attention whore.
And you definitely steal other people's content to use as your own. Your insight is about as worthless as your word.
Then you are addicted to gaming, plain and simply. You find yourself doing tasks that you don't enjoy and are becoming physically exhausted feeling like you have to collect this stuff. No matter what game you move to, the addiction is going to follow you. You need to talk to someone to understand why you have the uncontrollable urge to, well, collect.
Well, they aren't beating it down anyone's throat. I wouldnt have realized anything about it unless OP posted here. Regardless, you still haven't answered what *you've* done, besides showing off how obtuse you can be.
Well you made a stupid, stupid argument; what did you expect. You say that if this was sex the kid wouldn't have been charged, which is absolutely ridiculous. Kids get convicted of being sexual predators and a 15 year old fucking a 7 year old would definitely qualify. Stop sticking up for pedophilia and go get yourself some therapy before you diddle a kid.
The problem is, the majority of people have upvoted it. So IP is empowered to make more of these posts, and others who have a very popular opinion will also post and think they will get karma. OP started the problem but it wouldn't get worse if it got downvoted to hell (or removed by the mods).
I need to start NMS up again
You seem like someone surrounded with cringe so should fit right in.
Go home you're drunk.
While that may be true for many people, OP here is just making a thinly veiled excuse for themselves to pirate the game. When advised the game wasn't exclusive forever, u/beemerWT replied: &gt;I probably won't buy it then because I may or may not have already played it (without giving them my money).
For OP is gives them an excuse to pirate simply because they don't like a vendor and can't wait to get their grubby little hands on a game. When told it wasn't exclusive to the Epic store for even a year at this point, u/beemerfwt had this little quip: &gt;I probably won't buy it then because I may or may not have already played it (without giving them my money). So OP is the typical selfish hypocrite. He's all mad and blustery because he doesn't like where the game is sold. Because it's not in *his favor*, OP feels empowered to steal. But the business isn't allowed to do things more favorable *for them*? Just a stupid kid making a stupid post so he can feel good thievin'.
That leads into my point - I don't think it's actual hate. If u/beemerwt wanted to make a stand, they would turn away from the franchise completely. They would use their wallet and time equity to show Borderlands Devs that selling on the Epic store caused a long term loss to people even *paying attention* to the game. OP isn't making this post because they want to rally the troops against Epic; it's simply so OP can feel like they are in the right being a thief. For many players, yes, this is a line in the sand. But someone who wants to support the devs (as OP claims, and wants to keep hours/friends/achievements together (as OP also claims) wouldn't be talking about stealing the game; they would wait for it to come out on Steam. Consider it this way: every single thing OP has complained about will still be prevalent when he pirates the game, right? So if they were such sticking points he couldn't pay for the game then why play it?
What OP means to say is that he would gladly buy all the games if they weren't already planning on pirating BL3 &gt;I probably won't buy it then because I may or may not have already played it (without giving them my money).
But u/beemerwt has already said he's just going to pirate the game - so why pay full price? This whole shitpost is just an excuse for them to feel good about choosing to pirate.
Like Caitlyn Jenner, u/beemerwt is both stunning and brave.
Because you posted to tell OP he should still pay full price and I replied he never had an intention to do that Why are you posting public comments if you're going to get surprised people reply to them? Like, that's literally the point bud. It's also relevant because you have two separate comments on this thread; one telling OP to buy it and the other that you got hacked for $500 the *one time* you ever put your information into the Epic Store. Seems kinda weird that someone would advocate buying something off a store they tell others not to use. Guess maybe you're just confused in general.
Really just keep replying to your original comment don't you? It's not my replies that are giving you a headache, it's the hangover you've got. Learn to pace yourself champ, you seem to be working a few crayons short of a full box and we don't need you to lose more of them.
Because it's annoying seeing the board get spammed with shitposts like yours. Why do you shitpost? Do you need attention this badly? If so, why are you so pissy I'm giving you what you want? . Whoops, looks like the shitpost is deleted anyways. Maybe try again.
&gt;Im writing sentences ur writing paras You can barely put a word together, troll, much less a sentence.
You really are dumb and drunk as hell, aren't you? The accident happens at conception, like when your pops was too busy doing lines off another hooker to bother slipping on a condom. Must have made mama sad she had to stop turning tricks after 8 more months; and the meth she did to stay skinny hiding the baby bump has really wrecked your brain. Maybe it's time for you to give up on this whole career goal of being a troll?
Well, giving them attention isn't a very good way to go about it.
Use your words big boy. Just because you're acting like a 12 year old moron doesn't mean you have to type like one.
Meh, as much as I wish I had gotten more from Gamestop on some games; I also didn't sell any I ever forecasted playing again (excluding Baldur's Gate: DA 2 or Neverwinter Nights 2). I still remember Gamestop calling me the week after KH2 had dropped. They were soooooooo backed up still that they were calling everyone who had preordered and been fulfilled to see if we were done and would sell it back for $5 less than MSRP.
Just fucking add the information to one of your existing posts instead of admittedly spamming it on the boards. 3 threads on the same shit on the same sub in less than an hour? I'm more inclined to believe you're trying to harass someone playing legitimately rather than actually being hacked.
You've been posting for over a month now. It's not that hard to see the edit button, is it? Or figure out what it would be for. Or, *gasp*, you could have simply commented on your other threads instead like you did on this one. Also not to hard to consider. Hell, you've already shown you know you can comment on threads. I get it. You're 16 and you wanna be the internet badass who gets someone banned because you don't like how they play. But if you really wanted to get real traction; you would have posted the game, or at least on the pertinent sub; instead of this shitpost.
Either stop playing shooting games or just be fine with not being the best. I'm fucking terrible at 90% of games I play. Competitively I can be ok in games like Fortnite; but that skill ceiling has been super lowered. Casual PVP I may rock a .6 up to a 10.0; but it's usually 1.5ish in D2 (where it's really K+A/D). That's fine. I'm good at beating up the computer; good at communication, and good at holding my own. I don't need to be decent at the PVP side of gaming to enjoy it.
What's weird is when people like u/eyesalwaysopened posted this on one sub; and then 11 hours later posted it here. Do you think OP was just sad they didn't get enough karma the first time?
You're referring to OP, right? Because u/eyesalwaysopened has made three super neato memes in the last 30 minutes all saying to just relax and enjoy the memes OP is making.
Oh dont worry, u/eyesalwaysopened is the cringiest motherfucker here. I'm sure that, like me, you got a message from them explaining they are just a shithesd troll.
Can you really call it a meme when it's just a panel from a webcomic with no changes?
How is it disingenuous? That is actual game time you're getting out of it; so how are they being inaccurate? Side quests really fall into 3 categories: essential, helpful, and worthless. A side quest where you get gold or some other grindable resource is useless. You can get it fighting dudes. However, it still adds longevity to the game, especially if it has dialogue. A side quest where you gain a power, or like a summon in Final Fantasies, is helpful but non-essential. They make your endgame easier. However, the strive for them takes time. Sometimes games move the main story requirements faster than your character progresses. This makes side quests become essential. But that is still time you would have spent grinding out rat kills to level up. At the end of the day, even "essential" side quests can be circumvented. If you find yourself compelled to play them while you find the though horrendous and them in general terrible - that's more a sign that you're addicted to video games and the control of not moving forward until you've ensured you've done every single thing in your current position. That can't be solved by Reddit, just therapy.
No, we haven't. We have seen their cockpits, nothing else. However, we know from Mithrax that they have ready rooms. But we haven't seen them. We don't know how they are structured. We've got no clue
https://www.reddit.com/r/DestinyLore/search?q=Mythology&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;sort=relevance&amp;t=all
It's not something you can just show or push someone into. The game's lore is deeeeeeeeeep, and unfortunately there isn't a compelling reason for them to want to get inti it As you said, *you* love Eris and her lore; but it doesn't seem like your friend is too aggressive about getting into it. If they haven't played D1 and don't actually get into D2's that much then there is very little reason to show them the story of the Hive, their pacts with the Deep, or any of Oryx's transformations. For the player who doesn't read either D2 ingame or D1s online lore Savathun and Xivu Arath are nothing more than names like Bracus Zahn. Figure out your friends favorite character or thing in the game and point them to that collection on Ishtar. If they start getting into it then transition to more; otherwise they probably just wanna shoot space fucks.
&gt; For the last three weeks, the Guardian has been camping in a rusted-out shipping container, far off the main pathways that are always buzzing with Sparrows. He stays out of the way of other Guardians, and if he can't do that, he keeps his helmet on. Always.
We didn't so much kill Siva in Rise as we destroyed whomever was commanding it. Siva isn't good or bad. Like all tools, it just does what it is told. In Rise our fallen splicers tasked it to Consume, enhance and replicate which is a pretty broad task for Siva to perform. As for why the fallen- they have the narrative that falls the most in line with both of the "new races". Siva could really only be found by the Hive or Fallen; no one else was in Earth in D1. In D1 we were never made aware of any Imbaru machinations, so the Hive would be following Sword Logic. Sword Liguc doesn't seem to play too nice with enhancing yourself. However the fallen already have a religious zeal built up around their Machine-Gods in the Servitors. For the Scorn it makes sense to rely on a forged relationship as well. From Uldren fighting Oryx and the Hive, infiltrating the Vex network, and being bombarded by the Cabal we can see he has no love lost for those races, which leaves just the Fallen. Uldren has already worked with them, so building the relationship up makes sense. Then Uldren comes across the dead body of a friend or friendly race and bammo, new faction. The Fallen are also the only "subtle" faction imo. The Cabal and Hive both throw their entire armies into war; and at least the Hive had one that lasted a millennia. Overwhelming assault on all fronts (plus some subversive acts) are what they work with. The Vex has an equal mindset; but with the Vex they just convert everything they don't agree with.
Please head back to r/gatekeeping if you're just going to ask people not to participate without adding anything.
&gt; Only a handful of beings seem to have the ability to Take-- Oryx, Riven, Savathûn, Quria Can you link the lore where the others Take (non Oryx)? There's so many "footnote" type comments that I feel I missed them; really only recall Oryx being able to Take and some duders trying to organize the homies.
I expect people can go pew pew and play a story that it more cohesive than some but probably isn't going to win a narrative award. Bots I expect to be as intelligent as they have been for the last 5 years.
Isn't that part of why both Treyarch and IW have their own games within the IP? That way they can give it 2 years between releases for each of the studios? Haven't bought a CoD since Ghosts so cant remember what the reasoning was anymore.
&gt;Are we finally headed into a more open world of gaming? Obviously. 2 years ago it was a complete joke to ask about; now we've seen major games in Fortnite, CoD, and Rocket League all support it. &gt;Do you guys think current non cross platform games can and will become cross platform? If players make developers/manufacturers think it's worth their time then yes. Once again using Fortnite, it was platform specific for a while and eventually became cross play. However, it takes entities like Sony and Microsoft (more Sony now that they have the larger market share) feeling it is more profitable to allow people to play together than require same consoles.
This mentality is just stupid. Absolutely and completely stupid. Yes, Bezos has more worth than you. However, not alm of that is liquid. He also has a fuckton more responsibilities than you do. He doesn't have 116.7 billion dollars just sitting around in a vault; he isn't Scrooge McDuck. So using that as your base point is just plain stupid. There's over 350 million Americans as well, so there's not a chance in hell that you would have an 8 cent range dividing Bezos net worth from that number. Do you know how math works? &gt;Did you hear what I said? It's Reddit, not youtube. People read your comments, not listen to them. What an astute person you are!
Go play some Destiny 2. Loading and matchmaking can take "so long" (2-3 minut3s) that I take a quick shower between rounds. Dismantling shit from my inventory for space? I'm there in hyperspeed.
Because you need more employees? Also, r/citiesskylines
Imagine participating in a gaming forum and thinking any insult doesn't apply to too. Kids these days are fucking dumb.
So? Neither have I or many people. Play it if you want, don't play it if you want; don't pretend that whether or not any of us play a specific video game actually matter.
Could it possibly come today? What about Thursday instead?
Pretty much all smartwatches have this as a face you can download or buy, same with the Pipboy ones.
I would try searching for the term in the bottom right.
Iirc the Guardian even thought he was Don Quixote
Luna's Howl is for for Josef.
Ah, the way your question/statement was written made it seem like he was for certain but you weren't sure about the weapon. Crucible backstory and lore is something I'm a fail quail on and never read.
Replying to myself - I'd like to get y'alls thoughts on the below but don't want to keep cluttering my initial comment. One of the things I wanted to say is that, to me, Eris and Calus are out raid sherpas. They don't tell us explicitly how to do anything; but they are trying to lead us to success. I ended up removing that part of my comment because it feels a little weird - it's also not like Eris told us that the way to take down Oryx was to grab an aura and shoot his daughters in the face. But when I consider the *closest* thing we have to raid sherpas I think of the earlier two, Toland, and maybe Salad Fingers for sending us after Siva and leading us to Wrath.
If you're going to post a sarcastic comment at least make it witty next time.
No, it wasn't. It was actually super trashy. How would you feel if some smartass made jokes about your religion?
Yup, once again your replies tell the truth. You wouldn't be getting so defensive and telling me to fuck off if there wasn't a kernel of truth to what I commented. I even complimented your montage; you just went full fucking neckbeard instead of getting the point. While there is a lore basis for dark guardians your PVP montage doesn't have shit to do with lore. Your introduction could be removed and the montage would be the same. You're a liar as well. In this reply you said you weren't promoting anything; thought earlier admitted were trying to get visibility for MoTW. That's promoting yourself. So don't do any of this bullshit about being "honest with your motives". All you are doing is trying to shamelessly get views and lying about it. And guess what; there's a reason why your post got removed. It's not because it was so exceptionally based in the lore that the mods had no option but to move it to their secret archives. It's because you pretended a little montage was anything related to the lore. And "possible crucible implications"? What a joke. We've literally already had a Guardian who went dark murder another in the crucible. These ramifications are already known. Had you actually done any sort of research before trying to get view you'd have known that.
And?
This is a terrible and horrendous idea. There is no need to desensitize members of the military or armed forces to killing. The human side is what helps keep atrocities in check as much as possible. Wanting to get a murder simulator out to the public is absolutely moronic. Just stupid as shit. If the game was actually realistic, the reactions from the victim would sicken anyone who isn't a sick fuck; or an edgelord teen pretending he's a badass (you can choose which of the losers you are).
Of course. Why wouldn't you be? You technically got named The Hero of the Red War in Destont 2 Vanilla. You don't think that just because you took down Xol that title is gone, do you? It's not a term like apprentice or journeyman.
I keep mulling over sending a message to the mods and asking if we can take a poll on putting a sticky to often-asked questions. How to kill a Ghost, where the Last City is, can guardians use more than just one subclass, if someone has physical characteristic X will it still be there on rez, etc. We see these pretty frequently. I get that there's more newbies checking out the page on a nigh-daily basis but maybe there could be a compendium of knowledge to check first.
Disclaimer: I've never played either game so I assume a search is accurate. https://www.google.com/search?q=what+happens+if+you+die+in+subnautica&amp;oq=what+happens+if+you+die+in+sub&amp;aqs=chrome.1.69i57j0l3.7704j0j7&amp;client=ms-android-samsung-ss&amp;sourceid=chrome-mobile&amp;ie=UTF-8 https://www.google.com/search?safe=off&amp;client=ms-android-samsung-ss&amp;sxsrf=ACYBGNSTjCVk_RxgJKmPtSMewJ4cr0a-gw%3A1579135179821&amp;ei=y7AfXvXOMdHEsAWR1pmQAg&amp;q=what+happens+if+you+die+in+the+forest+game&amp;oq=what+happens+if+you+die+in+The+Forest&amp;gs_l=mobile-gws-wiz-serp.1.1.0l2j0i22i30l5j33i160.26982.31412..32768...0.2..2.511.3065.4j10j2j0j1j1......0....1.........0i71j35i39.Wml37AJO7aw
Rule 5 champ.
Your joke was way too wordy.
Remember kids, Google is your friend. Don't be scared of it!
OP, what's going on? In the last 2 hours you've made about 8 threads all based on the same thing: asking how dating lives are, social lives, and whether people are happy with their lives in general. Do you need to talk to someone?
....so why are you on the gaming sub if you don't gam. Just to be a troll and call it "gayming"? And wait a tick, your comments are all on gaming and world of tanks. You're confused as hell kiddo.
r/nintendoswitch ?
I'm assuming it's that OP bought that wire rack for 15 bucks. Basically u/probablyaspoofer is bragging they went to Walmart.
AIDS for yo' eyes
Gonosyphiherpilaids No crabs because I remember the joke from 10 years ago and can't work that one in. I'm too dumb.
Don't worry, u/worriedweird4 isn't going to buy one; this is just another shitpost. 12 days ago they mentioned how they threw out their PS4 for a Switch, and a week before that they bragged about selling their Switch because there wasn't enough to play. Which was only 12 hours after they asked if they should get one. Which was a few days after talking about how much they love their Switch. Outside of being unable to remember whether or not they own or like a system; OP also can't remember how old they are. Looks like in one comment thread they couldn't determine if they were 22, 23, or 24.
Yea, the best partYes the best part is u/u/worriedweird4 's sumbass reply to me stating that because they said they were going to buy a Switch it's true. Like all the dumb lies don't speak for themselves.
u/worriedweird4 isn't going to buy either of them. According to their post history (which contradicts itself every 3 posts) they already had a Switch and sold it. In fact, if you believe OP, they sold a Switch 19 days ago, then their PS4 16 days ago (to buy a Switch), then their Switch 15 days ago (not enough games, like 19 days ago), have already gotten a new PS4, and now are looking to buy another Switch. Uh huh. Sure.
The only place u/worriedweird4 posts is here on gaming, and it's always the stupid attention-seeking shitposts ever. Hell, the first page of OPs post history shows they can't even keep the story straight on *their own* age.
Have you seen u/worriedweird4 's shitposts? They can't figure out how old they are, much less pay attention to anyone else's.
u/worriedweird4 isn't going to buy one. In the last month they have owned and sold 3 Switchs. And sold a couple PS4s to afford them. And rebought those PS4s. Hell, in one 12 hour period AFTER having owned a Switch Op asked if they should sell their PS4 for a Switch, then commented the switch was their favorite console, and then bragged they had sold their Switch tongamestop because there isn't enough games. To call OP a troll might be the biggest understatement of the day.
Um, no they didn't.
That doesn't support your point and you know it. That's why instead of citing something that supports your statement you're tasking me with the burden of proving you wrong. Sorry champ, but the burden of proof is on *you*. But hey, let's pretend your comment wasn't pure laziness; and actually had a point. Where is it said that the Vex worship spheres? There's only on sect of the Vex that worships, and that's the Sol Divisive and friends. Who worship the darkness. Darkness which is identified by pyramids. Even the heart in D1 was a pulsing mass, not a sphere. Since you assert that the Vex worship spheres; answer me this: why is their construction angular? Why do they have pointed edges when they worship the opposite. When did the Vex simply welcome a Ghost into their network? Look at Asher, Kabr, Pahanin, Praedyth, Failsafe's Captain. Sure, the Vex have opened the Vault *when they needed our help*. Outside of that, they aren't friendly buddies. The fuck do you mean the Gardener was vexed from the game? It was boring having the game always culminate in the same Final Shape; the Vex. So the Gardener and Winnower entered the game this time. The Vex didn't create them. Why are the Vex obsessed with the Black Garden? They aren't. A small subsection of the Vex as a whole is. That's not all of them. And they encountered something they couldn't simulate or understand. For sentient machines where the fucking goal is "Everything is you"; having something you can't assimilate is what youbwould throw resources at. Duh. So let me ask you and that really big brain of yours. If the Vex created the Traveler; which sources the Light and causes us to be paracausal then why the hell can't the Vex simulate Light? Why can't they understand how it works and what it does? Are you really going to sit there and type that you legitimately believe an entire race, which can't understand paracausality, could make a structure that goes around bestowing those powers? Really? That's what you believe? And you believe they wouldn't have those powers bestowed on themselves; but instead in denizens of planets they want to convert? Double really? Let's keep going. Really see what that brain of yours can do though. According to you the Vex created the Traveler, right? But the earliest mention of the Vex is when Crota let them into his daddy's throne world. Which was *gasp* **after** Oryx was already chasing the Traveler through the universe. So they created something that was there before them when they aren't able to avoid paradoxes like us. Sure thing. Answer me this: why could I prove your dumb questions irrelevant while you couldn't find any actual evidence to support your "thesis"?
Wait a minute. So you get all pissy and tell u/wanderso24 they don't know you and not to point out how dumb you are; and when they really in kind, that you don't actually know they are an asshole, you call them a trolm. That's pretty hilarious. Are you a failed comedian?
I kinda think u/lafosso1 knew that sub existed and what it was for. I see no other reason why OP has been active on the sub they are promoting and radio silent here. I feel bad for people who want to share their fanfiction with others. It's not a massive community yet and you've got people like OP trying to fragment it further.
Interestingly enough, u/lafosso1 didn't delete their post until I commented in this thread. OP stated their reason for creating a new separate sub is because they wanted to create something more formal than Destimy Journals and that DJ is good for "recreational use" (https://www.reddit.com/r/DestinyTheGame/comments/eq1lau/i_created_a_subreddit_for_fans_of_destiny_lore_to/fen34mp/). But take a look at the post OP considers an awesome job for his sub; it's like damn near the exact opposite. It looks and reads like someone trying to come up with a writing prompt, not any sort of lore (https://www.reddit.com/r/DestinyFanLore/comments/eq865p/acceptance/). My belief is OP finds validation from Reddit, and being a moderator makes them feel more valid. I guess OP can do OP; but I hope they stop seeking validation under the guise of being helpful.
The argument remains the same if you actually get my point. Fortnite may be the current game for people to shit on or praise; but that's no different from games like Minecraft that have come before it. One again, Jesus Christ. We don't need shitpost saying "it's ok to have an opinion (as long as your opinion isn't too strong)". Like if you want to be an SJW, do it. But pick something that actually matters instead of puffing up your chest about video game opinions.
I don't think you know what an SJW is.
Oh, you mean that story you edited into your original comment? Yea, that story doesn't actually add to your position; at all. That story just shows games can bring people together in a real world situation when they are monitored by adults. Neat. Nothing else.
Good first start but you've got a lot of detail and trim to work on for your next project.
The problem is u/samurai-horse is just a karma farming jackass with the shitposts to prove it. Hell, look at their other comments in this thread. The moron's supporting evidence? Because you can imagine it might have happened. Like holy shit, what parent failed them? Is this why a samurai needs the makes posts so bad - for attention?
Whoa whoa whoa; this isn't r/iamverybadass. Put them dukes down champ; it's Reddit and you don't have to pretend to be a tough guy.
We found the kid who is going to fail their statistics class.
While I'm glad that you're starting to read and appreciate the lore, please take a peek and see if your post might fit into an already existing discussion. You don't even have to get halfway down new to find another thread about War Stories.
Post to imgur, link. ezpz
Then why not make a "both" option instead of wasting the slot?
Not if OP has been banned from them.
Wow, it's almost like game companies have started to realize they shouldn't just release lackluster shit like Anthem and Fallout 76. Delays aren't a bad thing when it means you have a better product. $10 bucks says OP complains about these games when they get released, regardless of when they come out or what content they have.
Reviewed 1/5. Maybe you'll start actually commenting on other people's work. Doubt it.
Spoken like a true asshole. Maybe when you stop living there you can stop being a little prick and develop something that isn't trash. Wouldn't it be nice if you made something that wasn't utter shit? That way people would actually want to download it without you doing your spamming ways? Then again, you'd have to be talented to make something that isn't garbage. I've noticed you finally started deleting your shitposts. Now if you would just delete your game and dev tools the world would be a better place. Then you just have to work on being less of a tool; which you've got mommy right upstairs to help you.
If you've come from Oblivion then you know Elder Scrolls games and already have the answer. Plus, the game is over 6 years old. Not like you're in a rush to smash through it.
They may or may not be. However, we've got no context on who it was.
That's like saying you lost all credibility when you stood up for a homophobic meme.
Well, you're getting worked up that someone told him to take the homophobic meme down. Do you really not understand that you support OP and his homophobic position? I'm not sure you actually remember your own comments from minutes ago. Also, you lost all credibility when you failed at the work "you're".
What's an "idoit"? Sorry, I thought typos and misspellings helped you - it's a damn abnormality when you're spelling and grammar don't define stupidity. Then again, if you weren't doing stupid shit all the time you wouldn't be excited about the homophobic meme and standing up for it. &gt;I just think using the word cringe like that is..... cringe If that was the case you would use a different word, like pathetic. You aren't so pathetic that you can't come up with a synonym, right? If you weren't so supportive of homophobia you wouldn't have to spend your time explaining that your aren't homophobic now would you?
Once again, you're an idiot. You need to get the hell off Reddit and go back to school. If you'd like pretending to *not* be a dumbass, why don't you take a look at your very first comment in this thread. The one where *you* stood up for keeping this shitty meme around. Keep acting like a victim and a moron like it's tricking people. Maybe pretending you're not a homophobic piece of trash like your friends is what you need to cope. I hope you know that repeatedly defending your shithead actions puts your bigotry on display. So you can fuck right off with trying to gaslight me. Guess you really are as stupid as you act. That's both impressive and disappointing.
All I can think is that OPs question is "are we Saint"?
To be honest this looks like you were bored and just started rambling
I'm sure I'm not the only person wondering what your point is then.
Since you're one of the people spreading this, seems like you need to keep being told as well.
Pretty sure that's Shawn Michaels (if I'm remember spelling correctly). He had a comeback in either the late 00's or early 10's. It would be ezpz marketing to be HHH vs HBK.
Based on the upvotes I'm going to assume I'm correct; but honestly I haven't watched 'wrasslin regularly since shortly after HHH absconded with Stephanie McMahon and forced her to marry him at the drive thru for a Little Wedding Chapel (maybe in Vegas?). I mean, how could a company keep employing such a dastardly guy?!
&gt;maybe if the point is to raise them as feral Pretty sure the point of hunting is killing a wild animal; not a domesticated one. Kinda cute you still haven't realized that's what half your game is about; raising animals to be complacent around humans.
Are you dense or just trolling us? So now you've changed your mind - it's not a hunting simulator; you just kill an animal when it becomes "too big"? Once again, you completely misunderstand what the point of domesticating animals is, and what a joke this game would be if any developer was dumb enough to pick it up. Like no shit Sherlock, I know there aren't real people in the video game. But who the fuck wants to play a hunting game where you have to make all the animals slower and more docile first? And while they are wasting their time making the animals less enjoyable to hunt, they have to waste even more time hiring new employees.
No, your post never says that you think such a game would be fun. You simple asked if it existed. To which I pointed out such a game would be stupid, poor-selling, and fail at the two roles that are as opposite as realistically possible. I'm a bit offended you would lie on Reddit and that you would rather advocate for the easiest game *you* can possibly imagine instead of something...not trashy.
This game sounds shittier and shittier the more you describe it. It went from uninspired and boring in the beginning to utter garbage now.
Eh, it's just a shitpost. One of u/hyperbaroque 's replies to.me had them squealing like a neckbeard over throwing grenades at the livestock. Like they don't even want to hunt animals people regularly hunt. OP literally gets excited about headshotting cows.
I prefer not to; but then I get smacked by an errant heartless and life is terrible. Plus I'm bad at gaming and dodge rolls now
I'll take a look again; I only remember to set when to use; not on whom.
No, because the Hive, as an over-generalized race, still follows sword logic as much as possible. This means you become more powerful by proving your strength; not your ability to make deals. The forbidden act was going to Xol with pen and paper not sword and shield.
I'm not super duper surprised. Let's say Forbes ends up with this. Microsoft wants to figure out who gave it to them. Box has aerial 1234. Serial 1234 was given to Epic Games. Now Microsoft has tangible evidence to prove disclosure of confidential materials. Or at least knows who don't get one next time.
Yes, and that's an irrelevant point. It has nothing to do with the Destiny Lore nor that you keep posting speculation as fact.
Ps. u/iknowcodefu Here's an example of how you can speculate without pretending it's actual fact. Take a gander sometime. Or just keep up the fake lore.
It's a good catch, but right now there's just not enough other meaningful information to draw a real conclusion. I can't think of weapons being actually listed very often; more just the category (sniper, shotgun, etc); so it being listed as specifically Quitclaim feels like a big deal. But whether the big deal is because it's a New Monarchy weapon, it because the name plays into what's going on; I dont know. To me, Quitclaim could be telling some to Quite their Claim; like "Stand Aside"; which is basically what each side told each other to do in that lore, with the man with the GG eventually relenting. My stretch feels further than yours but I wouldn't put either past Bungie.
They have a rule, which may be site-wide, regarding witch-hunting or calls to action against individuals. This can be considered harassment and otherwise Reddit gets a bad rep/potential legal issues. When you posted a gif without obscuring the player's name, you violated that rule. You can think they did it because you complained about cheats, but it's really because of what you posted. On too of that, your video doesn't prove anything. Anyone who has actually played D2 PvP knows that connections and latency are occasionally an issue. I've had games where people skip, or my damage doesn't register on a laggy player for a few seconds after the damage actually occurred. The mods have to see it like everyone else - you're violating a rule because you jumped to conclusions. Why shouldn't they give you a *temporary* ban?
Maybe 1% of the time I turn on my system with the power button. It feels weird to even mention turning on a controller for the boot screen.
The joke in the reply was that there was already like 148 Fire Emblem characters in Smash by then, right?
The person in the video that you accused of cheating. And the reason you copied straight up says witch hunting. I don't know why you're lying but I'm sure it's another indicator that this was a malicious act by you. You can't really be this stupid, right? You've had the same gif removed multiple times on multiple subs for the same reason and you can't figure out that you need to black out names? Plus, less than 2 weeks ago you were asking for basic help like how to deal with campers. Suddenly you're such a god that for someone to beat you they had to be hacking? Maybe you need to spend less time trying to go pro in Destiny 2 and more time in school.
We both know u/taquitoxz86 won't ask the mods Jackass posted his reason for ban which included that he was witch-hunting; now that he's been removed here the story is changed to character limit. OP is just a shitty little troll.
Never heard of it. If it's local thing you might have better luck at r/london
Props for your collection. Gotta throw some slops at anyone who chooses Charmander over my bae Vulpix though.
It's not even cheesing. You just picked an easier difficulty level
Why would it be too late to ask? We're not even done with January yet.
r/tipofmyjoystick
Because you're thinking of r/tipofmyschlong
Yes.
Final Fantasy Tactics beats the piss outta XCom imo.
Not even a comment tor 3 months and then 3 posts within an hour, all to advertise for the same company? OP is gonna need to work on being less heavy-handed if they want this marketing internship to work out. Edit: Holy shit, just take a look at the rest of their site. 12 products. 65 tags you can search with. You're kidding, right? Like come on champ, this isn't Amazon. No one is going to come to this little corner shop and need to have a "draft dodgers" option along with "dodgers" and "draft". Not to mention, anyone with an ounce of quality controll would realize it's probably stupid to have a tag for "dodgers" when that's an established franchise that the business has nothing to sell for. &gt;We are a husband and wife dynamic duo with a hunger for all things funny, tacky, and outrageous. They definitely got the tacky part right; but clearly don't understand what funny means or what kind of outrageous sells products. And for fuck's sake, $5 for a sticker? Trashy, overpriced products on a website that doesn't even return from Google. Clearly got a winning business here.
Well, found the shill account. Wish they were smart enough to post on a pertinent sub at least.
If you're talking the one that came out like 7 years ago that is the only one I've played. I prefer the games where you can derp to overlevel; and having the aliens invading harder and more frequently was killing my M.O.
2edgy4me
Nah, don't have to preserve shitposts in any way
Pretty much agreed. End result should effectively be the same but hubby should have been a "participant" - even if it's him saying no and the ladies saying too bad.
0
My thoughts are collectibles like that are great and how they should be done. Players can choose for themselves whether the higher difficulty or unlockables are more important and progress accordingly.
It extends to more than just video games too. A pack of MTG cards are effectively a loot box.
No. You should be proud when you think for yourself and make those choices because they are the best for you; not because you want an internet pat on the back.
To be fair, that has nothing to do with the game developer. Just the vendor you elected to buy it from. That was also before the days of digital, and stores legitimately ran out of copies over and over. KH2 was also crazy popular. I preordered and got mine Day 1. Less than a week later the Gamestop was calling and asking if I would sell it back for $5 less than I paid.
&gt;Those were some mighty fine percentages you gave. I wonder what site or source you used for them. You're kidding, right? You literally can't figure out one day is less that .1% of 5 years? How is someone with your big brain too dumb to realized that 5 * 365 is greater than 1000? What logic class did you blow the teacher in? For fuck's sake, a day is less than .33% of a year and you think it's a miracle someone could figure that out. You're right, you're not someone who is simply stopping at an easy answer. You're the jackass who has to prove their right, even when no one is arguing differently. I'd say you just proved that your teachers and parents failed the fuck out of you. Come back when you've learned hyperbole and how to not be a raging jackass with that teenage angst.
[Don't be a] Menace [to South Central While Drinkying Your Juice in the Hood]
In the world of digital I'm seeing less and less reasons to preorder a game now. In the last 6 years the only games I've preordered (iirc) are the Destiny's and their DLC's. Each has been a digital download so not like I needed to be worried about them running out. For me the preorder side is nice because I can take care of the cost in advance. I know I will buy Destiny until it ends or something suuuuuuuuuper non-friendly happens. Even as someone who has griped about the backwards steps Bungir took I knew/know I'll keep buying the games so I can keep up with some of my buddies. So if I know I'm going to spend 60 bucks I'd rather spend it now so I don't have to remember it down the road. The problem players are latching onto is that because the game is being bought in June and released in October, they believe that the QA process isn't being performed. Problem is, that's a "correlation =/= causation" thing. Maybe games are getting worse because of pre-orders; or maybe it's because more studios have been gobbled up so there is less competition; or maybe it's simply because nostalgia is always wonderful.
I've purchased Dynasty Warriors 8 at least 3 times now. Maybe a 4th; but I believe just 3
r/askreddit
Not going to lie, it looks like you should have paid more attention to school than who you think you bagged.
Wow so original I haven't seen the same meme from the same other kids who failed spelling back in 4th grade.
Why don't you just ask your doctor instead of being a pussy about it? I guess you're willing to die just so someone doesn't think you had a simple question. Then again, you also think asking random people on the internet for medical advice so maybe you're just looking for us to excuse the bad choices you already want to make.
Ps champ, that link is from 12 years ago. Shit changes. Stop looking for an excuse to not talk to your doctor.
This was all a shitpost. u/absolotum_lives wants us to believe this was a real post? Then why did they post about the interaction for a depression drug to: r/gaming r/drugs r/energydrinks Not even a single attempt over at r/depression. Shitpost from a troll to the max.
The fuck is going on with you OP? Yesterday you had a thread about the pros and cons of *loving in a dumpster*, then another to get the same for *paying people to be your friend*, a thread asking people to share when they have used someone and screwed them over; and another where you are looking for people who pretended to be congenial for 5-10 years while getting their revenge. 30 minutes ago you made a new thread about how toxic gamers are, and now there's this new thread? And of all 6 and the other multiple threads you've made since yesterday- you're just too good to comment in even a single one?
This was posted yesterday. If you're going to steal someone else's shit and pretend it's you, at least be smart enough to wait 24 hours before plagiarizing them.
I think you need to stop stealing other people's content.
Sure, he's not letting it go hours later; but you're not letting his message go either. You need to learn that hate mail doesn't affect you any more than video games affects them. If you get a toxic message then just ignore and move on.
Soooooo.....where is said controller?
Are you going to hook your PC up to your TV?
r/buildapcforme
It's like you literally described your own post history.
Absolutely none. It's your studio, you know what you need to promote and what you need to work on. Any conference or show is a waste of money until you have a goal of what to gain and the ability to analyze events in regards to that goal. Let's face it though, if you were really thinking about going to one you'd ask actual people in the industry, not we random Redditors.
Your mom has lost a lot of hair.
Minecraft. You may think it's unintuitive; but the massive success among multiple generations shows differently. Seriously, it's a game everyone makes fun of for being made for kids. Know you're gonna say the controls are too hard? Come on.
Can I forget your posts instead? More inundated by them than any game
Hey u/chocolateskyhawk, u/kesha_paul, u/sloth_on_meth and the other 145 mods of your page - Can you either relax your rules so we don't have to deal with shitposts just so morons can post or just make your community private? It's kind of dumb you have people admittedly shitposting just so they can come to r/danknememes - which is literally known for the shitposts. If you can't police your sub with damn near 15o mods then no rules are gonna help you.
If you're going to downvote the dumbass for anything, downvote u/andraso123 because they admitted all these shitposts are just to farm karma.
It really don't though. u/andraso123 even stated these are all low effort shitposts to farm for karma.
Why?
So it's Epic's fault you can't verify yourself and/or your account?
Well, unless we tag your and your mod team no one will know, or care, that other subs have to deal with shitposts because of your rules. This way you're directly linked to a comment that states it, and corresponding posts, are just an attempt to farm karma. If I see anyone else comment that they are posting low quality things purposefully to farm karma for r/dankmemes I'm going to keep tagging you. If you're not happy with that, you and your team can look at removing the actual issue, which is your karma requirement. I also tagged 3 of you. Three. *Three*. Out of damn near 150. Nowhere near a bunch.
Why?
No, this sub exists to explore actual lore and answer question that have been answered there. It's not about coming up with fanfiction beliefs on how things work and passing them off as legitimate canon. Pointing out that it's because of gameplay may not be creative, but it's also completely honest. Same with pointing out that classes and subclasses are gameplay restrictions. Pretending your head canon is actually from the lore is what actually has no place here *son*. That's for r/destinyjournals.
But your theory is us being closer to the Traveler means a stronger connection to the Light, which would mean that abilities should charge faster on Earth than anywhere else, or that it would have ever been reflected in the lore. But that concept is not. Darkness zones have also been explained as areas that are so dangerous that other iterations of us have failed, and Ghost can't revive us.
Or it's simply a gameplay thing and there's no lore explaining why there are faster cooldowns
You could, but it would be an illogical conclusion. A forklift can lift over a ton. Ergo, the mechanic who puts one together must be able to lift over a ton. A car can move over 100 mph. Therefore, the designer can run over 100mph. In game example? We spent 3 years whooping the shit out if the Cabal, yet the Red Legion shows up and traps the hell out of it.
If the Traveler kicks Vex ass because Guardians do, then forklift manufacturers lift tons because their creations do.
By that same token, the Vex aren't directly being held back by the Traveler, yet you insist it's the Traveler's prowess that is is allowing the work to be done. It's literally the exact same argument as yours, but you don't like it because it shows your concept is flawed. Just accept that you had an illogical argument, and move on. I'm tired of 1r responses from you trying to argue that you get to be treated special so your point can be made. Nope, you're not a special snowflake and your argument can be used both for and against your concept.
I really hope we can get a pyramid speculation megathread. It's one thing when people want to take the time to actually posit why their theory makes sense; but it's also getting kinda crazy how many baseless speculation posts there are
Thank you!
No, it's completely baseless. You speculated that the Pyramids have the ability to resurrect. That's never been shown in any cutscene, nor in any lore. You claim that the ability to resurrect is going to be of further distance than what Ghosts can do. This is again unfounded as there is *zero lore* explaining either proximity for resurrection or that it is a possibility. You state that this power would work the same way that the ability to create nightmares does. Again, we have zero lore on what's actually behind nightmares. Even if we *did*, it's quite a leap to say that an ability you've speculated works the same way. Dark Counterparts to Guardians doesn't mean that they have equal and opposite abilities. In fact, allowing resurrection flies against The Sword Logic, as evident by the whole Nokris situation. You don't think it's baseless speculation because you're biased to proving your theory is correct. If you want to do that, just cite the lore that supports your theory.
I don't know why you feel the need to gaslight me and claim I'm just out to police your hypothesis. &gt;. I did not ever present it as a serious That doesn't mean anything, as you also never said it was a joke. If you don't want people to believe you're posting a theory you believe is accurate then maybe qualify that next time? Originally all I said was I wish there was a megathread so low effort speculation like yours could stop cluttering the board, especially because about a fifth of the current posts are Pyramid speculation. If you're going to get this triggered about being recognized as low effort then maybe you should put some legwork in. I
I don't understand what your post is about. Are you saying that you haven't seen any other posts that use a piece of concept art that they speculate that it could be the Darkness? Because there's like 4 of them per day.
I think you're drawing one hell of a conclusion from basically nothing. That teaser? It literally just shows Eris walking on a snow covered wasteland, and it's a total of 15 seconds long. Yea, we can guess there's a good chance it's Europa, and that the DSC is involved. But the whole idea that it's going to involve us meeting Eris to create the Stranger makes no sense, and there's been nothing in the lore pointing to it.
There's absolutely nothing in the lore that substantiates the idea that we *ever* created the Exo Stranger, much less in the upcoming DLC. "Probably" is a pretty huge stretch
And what I'm saying is there's about 4 threads a day with someone using old concept art and positing "this may be what the Darkness looks like", and then nothing else; just like this thread. That figure in the bottom left looks pretty damn close to a Thrall, so it's quite possible this was the Hive before final design decisions happened. Is it the Darkness? Maybe. But there's just as much pointing to thia being the Darkness as it being shaped like a McRib
Um, there was no argument. I said it was baseless, you said it wasn't, I replied with reasoning as to why it is. Your next reply was to tell me to calm down, then that I was policing your thread. That's literally you trying to gaslight me instead of doing *anything* to substantiate your theory or disprove my arguments that pointed to yours being false. Let me repeat that again. When given reasoning why your theory made no sense, your only response was personal attacks and gaslighting, not even a single *link* to this super credible leak you're basing everything off of. If you didn't like my "abrasive" responses st the end, maybe you shouldn't have tried to attack and discredit me as a person, and instead focused on your own topic. But whatever dude. I'm not here to teach someone that posting on a *public forum* means you're inviting responses, nor am I here to teach you how to interact when someone disagrees with baseless speculation.
There was a time when the Dreaming City wasn't connected to the Darkness and its plans, but that all changed. Other things change too
Of course there's a chance. There's also a chance that we'll go back to Venus, or that we'll commandeer the Dreadnaught, or that we'll get the Reef as a social place again
So, if your theory is that the Traveler is effectively bad and used the Golden Age to shape us how it wanted, then turn us into weapons.....why not any of the other races ot blessed before us? Your theory basically rests on the idea that Guardians don't have free will, which is also pretty false from the Lore. Why else would Lightbearers go rogue? Or become pacifists? Ot try to leave entirely? The Winnower isn't playing a modified game is false as well. It's not just the Gardener that's utilizing paracausality, both are. The idea that the Traveler is not the benevolent entity we believe has been floated since Destiny 1 came out. And each time, there is no substantive support, just like with this post. If the Light truly wanted the best warriors then the Traveler fucked up by choosing humanity. Even as Guardians we were almost overrun by multiple Lightless races.
I really hope the mods make a trailer megathread. There's soooooooo many threads of idle speculation regarding it. Not that speculation is a bad thing, but I'm sure I'm not the only one getting tired of basically empty posts. Hell, I'd even just settle for titles being more than "Look at my theory"
&gt;First off, how old are guardians. And can they live forever with the help of their ghost. (Can they die of old age.) Some are as old as right after the Collapse. Some are less than 2 years old. Everyone is a bit different. We have yet to come across a Guardian aging or dying of their age. &gt;Second, can guardians reproduce/ have a family. (Like get married.) I'm going to split this one into two: &gt;Second, can guardians reproduce Guardians are zombie warriors. As great as Space Magic is, their true power comes in the resurrection ability. Having to care for a fetus and ensure it doesn't get hurt (or the person carrying it) destroys the ability of that Guardian to fight in any sort of non-strategy type capacity. &gt; have a family. (Like get married.) Why wouldn't they be able to? &gt;Third, Can guardians retire. We've seen one of the Iron Lords become a pacifist (while she has the Light at least), and one of our Vendors has done everything possible to not use the "gift" of the Light.
You're probably one of those fools that says the Earth isn't flat either.
Shows how much I remember
Wait, so you're saying you think the Traveler would run if she wasn't damaged? Why? When the lore literally shows that she made a concious decision to stand and fight at Earth why would she decide to suddenly turn tail and run?
Spinfoil means that it's an actual theory. That's completely different than "I came up with this theory that the lore actively shows is incorrect". You're writing a fanfic that you want to see happen. That belongs on r/destinyjournals, not where people are considering the actual lore in the game.
No, Bungie never teased Titan getting destroyed, at all. All they have said is that assets can't keep being added without some being removed, and that plus the limited time emote (and general dislike of Titan) made the speculation run rampant that Titan is going to be destroyed. It also makes 0 sense to anyone that thinks about it for 5 minutes. What happens to the campaign when Titan goes away? What about Triumphs specifically tied to Titan? How are you going to start Outbreak? Where's Savathun's Song going to move to?
What if the Darkness decides that we can be friends? What if Rasputin suddenly obliterates Earth? What if the Almighty crashes into the moon and both strike the Tower? r/destinyjournals is the place for your "What If" fanfiction.
Really? You needed to make a thread to pat yourself on the back?
I guess I didn't realize r/destinylore is for getting internet acknowledgement. Guess everyone who has ever posted a theory that turned out accurate should make a followup post to get internet acclaim, right?
No, this is clearly all hubris. Your title makes that clear.
That's no more fair than me saying you get off on shitposting. Is that what gets you excited? Is that why you're so ornery that you have to hit me with shitty, personal attacks?
I think the fact that you turned to *ad hominem* attacks and post history trawling after I pointed out the lore actively shows your theory is invalid (and even recommend a sub for you to use for "What Ifs") speaks for itself as well. Instead of providing *any* lore analysis, you instead rely on personal attacks. Great job proving your point kiddo.
We have absolutely no idea whatsoever.
To be fair, I bet you've cried when someone yelled at you for doing something you actually knew was wrong. Uldren is getting yelled at for something he didn't do at all. The old consciousness did, but not the identity inhabiting that body now.
Not to mention, the lore has already shown us that Guardians as a whole aren't ready to accept and/or forgive him [Uldren]. Uldren as a vanguard would be a lame duck
That's not a second collapse. That's more the entropic end of the Universe. Calus hasn't brought any liberty to the Sol system yet, that will happen once his fanfic becomes real and Earth recognizes him as their emperor. Notice that lore entry also describes all worlds in the universe being covered in a darkness, not just our system. It's also been waaaaay more than 118 weeks since Calus showed up. At Shadowkeep release it was pretty much 104, and we've gone what, 9 months since then?
Calus doesn't have sinister intentions, that's been made pretty clearly through multiple pieces of lore and the gameplay. Calus simply believes he has seen the end of the universe and wants to be there. Not that he is going to cause it, not that he is part of the Darkness, but simply that he has seen the heat death of the universe and wants to be the final entity to be extinguished.
No worries, the r/destinylore downvote patrol likes to shit on anyone with even a small mistake so wanted to give you the heads up before they did their job
Prove it.
No, that was never said. In the Last Days of Kraken Mare we see that they have a gravity weapon, but it is never stated that they stopped or did anything of the such. You telling someone that the Pyramids are going to stop at Titan is utterly unfounded unless you can provide a lore source that states so.
Did you watch the cutscene at the beginning of the season? The Cabal clearly set the Almighty on a collison course for us and then destroyed their input systems.
Makes absolutely no sense. Why would Savathun gift Calus a Crown made to ensnare him when she is actually impersonating him?
Wow, someone woke up pissy today didn't you? Not to mention, jackass, each of my comments is why your stupid theory doesn't make sense. I can't explain it to you *because it's clearly fucking wrong*. Imagine being such a lazy jackass you tell others to prove your own point. And to be snide about it. What a joke.
No, it's not that I believe Savathun made the Crown to ensnare Calus. That is literally and indisputably described in the lore. We literally see the rune she made to control him on *the Crown itself*. Guess you've never played or beaten that raid have you? Its **your** belief that the lore is incorrect and your theory is right. Saying your theory makes no sense isn't pissy at all. Not even close. It's a statement of fact. Your idiotic theory makes zero sense. Maybe it's because you clearly don't like reading any of the lore that you comment about. So *genius*, why don't you explain why the lore is completely and utterly incorrect?
You're still a toxic piece of trash. I'm guessing you have to assume shitty qualities about other people to justify why you get to be a hypocritical cunt.
Only a stupid g*mer tries to argue that appealing to the masses is a logical argument. It's like that old saying - "If all your gamer friends jumped off a bridge how many swastikas would you take with you?"
And *you're* a dumbass who can't spell. Funny how so many g*mers have the literary ability of an eight year old.
From literally 2 hours before you posted. Please at least pretend to check the subreddit before reposting an existing thread. Hell, both of your posts are still on New. It's pretty easy to check https://www.reddit.com/r/DestinyLore/comments/gxtvav/sisters_vengeance/
There's no lore or anything behind it, whatsoever. It's simply a ramen machine. Bungie isn't going to waste the resources to make separate coupons and such for something that is something that is simply aesthetic; nor does it makes sense for there to be multiple coupons. The Cayde homage is his picture. Not every ramen reference is "Zomg! Cayde!".
I feel like this is the 4th or 5th separate topic all asking the same thing. Each one of them makes me laugh. Seriously, this is a game where you're a magic space zombie, where we just accept every planet has the same gravity and atmosphere because of "terraforming", where we fight enemies who can be massacred and then revived because you did some *them* enough; and we're surprised that Bungie doesn't accurately portray something *massive* hitting the Earth? Think about it from a development point of view. This is their first live event, so every complication is exacerbated. They can spend additional time and resources having Rasputin realistically hit the debris with enough firepower the just a little tiny bit hits the tower; or they can recognize that 99% of their player base will be happy seeing what this end product was, and that diverting resources to making it more realistic would result in more opportunities for the event to screw up.
Part of the lore for the Cabal explains they have a habit of carpet bombing Guardians and their Ghosts because otherwise Ghosts are pretty damn hard to hit.
I think anyone who has actually read the lore would argue that, given it has happened multiple times. Didn't take "absurd firepower". They even make it pretty clear that Ghosts are fragile, just nimble.
Technically the answer to all those questions could be yes; however, there's nothing on the lore to substantiate those theories at this time. It's like asking if you should be afraid because your refrigerator could start a fire. Sure, you could technically have an electrical issue; but does that mean you're going to be worried about ever having it plugged in?
Come on dude, you're kidding with this post, right? The Traveler didn't move or do anything because *this season was about Rasoutin being our hero*. Then Bungie did their *first Destiny live event ever*. The Lore supports that Rasputin could destroy it himself, and Bungie wasn't going to waste resources adding more animations or complications to things that could go wrong in yesterday's event.
Please link some of these posts then. Because this thread is literay about how nothing with the Traveler changed, st all. Why didn't you reply to OP and let him know?
Please start linking these things you claim others saw and bring up. Because I haven't seen a *single* thread state a ship left the Almighty, at all.
How? How is she going to be aware? Simply because she has a gut feeling? Literally no lore has ever supported or argued for that kind if bond. You're seriously here saying you think Ana should just recognize she has an adopted family member when Uldreb doesn't remember the Queen? Come on.
You don't remember correctly. Each of the Ghost Stories is from a different Ghost. I've said it to you before and I'll say it again - please cite your lore instead of just pulling it out of your booty
Yea, because that's going to suddenly make you smart. What a dumb piece of shit. No wonder your parents don't care about you and let video games raise your dumb ass
Nope, she's not a gamer. Why are all these g@mers so fucking stupid?
Hey, don't be too hard on u/wildreaper999 When your entire life is dedicated to being a toxic asshole you never learn things like grammar, spelling, or how to interact with others. Gaymers just really like showing why their shit needs to e banned.
And you were doing so well. But once again you're back to being too fucking stupid to spell. But seriously, you're fucking retarded. And not like "oh this kid is a little stupid"; but like your inbred parents passed on an extra 6 chromosomes. Legitimately retarded and you spend your time being angry at the internet. No wonder your parents would rather fuck their siblings than talk to you What's even worse is you fucking sat around and thought of that comment; that's literally the best you can do. Holy fuck. Just holy fuck at the level of retardation that you're actually *proud* of.
Dumbfuck thinks a plural needs an apostrophe. Retard confirmed
How fucking dumb are you that these comments are the pinnacle of your competency? Just kidding, we both know you were born with 8 extra chromosomes.
Shut up bot
Shut up bot
Shut up bot
Take a look at your local lore library sometime.
https://www.reddit.com/r/DestinyLore/comments/gy4cix/so_now_that_the_almighty_has_been_destroyed/ https://www.reddit.com/r/DestinyLore/comments/gxxclg/guardian_stuck_on_almighty/
As long-lived as the Awoken are it makes sense that some would remember how an old comrade looked.
Oh no, a snide troll acted like a smartass. I'm really fucking surprised. Keep getting that internet karma so you feel like you matter little douche.
Heads up if you do more than one asterisk you'll wanna replace them with @'s
There is absolutely no reason, nor lore basis, to believe they are suddenly going to go back to a scrapped alpha concept. Plus, it wasn't that the Traveler was bad, it was that the *Speaker* was misleading people; and Uldren was going to lead us to redemption.
Because it's gameplay. And otherwise the enemies would eventually be completely decimated in-game and there would be nothing to do (or for Bungie to sell).
No.
OP - just because you have smell problems doesn't mean everyone else does
We don't have any lore on the subject, so everything would be pure speculation. With that in mind, to my knowledge there is no lore that shows a difference in "Light feeling" as you get further from the Traveler. I believe the only difference was when the Light was flipped off by our buddy Ghaul. Gameplay cannot be used as a determination either, but through it we see the same abilities near as far.
It doesn't mean anything at all. Those are gameplay restrictions, not actual in-universe ones. In the universe itself a Titan could pull off a Golden Gun shot if they tried hard enough
I expect it's more of a Stranger tie-in. Remember, the questline for NTTE was *Not Forged In Light*, which is clearly regarding the Stranger
To the *Hunter* that killed him. Pretty important since we keeping getting threads of "But why isn't the Fanatic part of the Vanguard?!"
Why would he?
Why would he? You buy a preowned car and then get told that it was previously involved in an accident, would you feel bad?
Why?
Because of the *previous owner*. Why are you responsible for the actions of someone you don't know, don't interact with, and have no connection to outside of you deciding to buy something they previously sold?
You provided zero evidence. You said that because he is getting harassed for it he'll feel bad, but that's literally just an assumption. I guess you would rather get pissy and storm off. Maybe it's time to take a break from the internet if being corrected gets you this ornery
&gt;Isn't arc energy supposed to be a merge of lightning and ice energies? How can something be a combination of itself and something else?
100% never happened.
Thanks for not reading your own source: &gt;It is thought to possibly be a Vex focal world or a base for a detachment of Ice Reapers. *Possibly* and *focal world* is quite a bit different from homeworld. For someone who makes smartass comments about how Bungie can't be bothered to do things it seems like you're in quite the glass house. Maybe time to stop throwing stones.
You could in the same way that you can equate a dinghy to a jet plane; after all, they are both transportation. Compare what powers and abilities we get from our connection to the Light and our Ghosts, then compare that to the Hive. Worms eat and take and require - what do the Ghosts do?
Exceptions don't make the rule champ. Why don't you compare the worm inside a thrall to a Guardian. Or the one in a knight. Or a wizard. Or an acolyte. Or an Ogre. What about Alak-Hul's?
So what's your point then? Either you agree that these are extremes and that worms aren't the same as ghosts; or you're bringing them up as a counterpoint. You can't have it both ways champ. Also, nice ninja edit for everything after "extremes". And you still haven't compared a random thrall to a random guardian. It's not even close. Many guardians have fallen to all 4 of the races - so what's your point there?
That's why you send a PM instead of publicly calling attention to someone's punctuation.
The plan I want to be able to maintain is $50/mo unlimited talk, text, data. When my parents ported their numbers away we converted mine to this one
Why do you think the Awoken are a tyranny?
This is r/destinylore, where we get excited about reading the same post twelve different times. At least the others had the manners to include a spoiler tag for unreleased lore.
I've never heard of Idiots Hitler, is that Adolf's brother?
No, we know Pong is a Nazi idea because it involves **white pieces on top of a black background**. Pong is all White Supremacy.
I like that you think raging out and being this much of asshole means people will join your side. Typical dumbass g@mer
So you agree Pong is a game made for Neo-Nazi propaganda?
Why are you so interested in figuring out if there is a 9 year old here? Unlike g@mers, we follow the rules. And that means being 13 before having Reddit
Then it doesn't confirm what yours says, as we both have different supporting evidence for Pong being racist. The only thing that I could have confirmed for you was that Pong is, in fact, racist. So where are you confused? Are you a dumb g@mer, who stupidly thinks we were in agreement? Or are you a Bible-reading, God-fearing Dynamo of a person who doesn't realize we both agree on the hate these games spew?
You're a complete and utter moron. One, that sub is all just bullshit and triggered idiots. Two, the person who made that post admitted that the screenshot for their alt account made *specifically* to argue with Anti-Gamers https://www.reddit.com/r/BanVideoGamesHate/comments/h9ix6b/he_never_spoke_to_me_after_this_looks_like_they/fuwud52/ I thought the Gamers who raid Anti-Gaming were stupid, the only thing worse is the idiots who fall for blatantly obvious bullshit.
Yea, you're fucking stupid. Delete this shitpost and take 10 seconds to think before freaking the fuck out
I agree, they are absolutely idiotic. Which is why it's hilarious that they keep getting banned for attempted brigading. I'm honestly just waiting for the triggered masses to cause a temp suspension to r/gaming and that will be *hilarious*; plus hopefully will get them to calm down
So you agree that we both have different supporting evidence? So they both support the same thing? So we both agree Pong is propaganda.
The fact that you think you're proving *anything* is the only thing assaulting your "intelligence".
And I'm saying you're as stupid as other people, like u/Taiwannationalist, who don't know what satire is
Soooo...exactly like Golgoroth, whom you used as a Midpoint example? What about Warpriest? Where was he listed out so casual players would be aware of him? How about Aksis, or Atheon? Where were they detailed in the lore *before* their raids? Insurrection Prime? What about that guy? Gahlran? Him too. Literally outside of Crota and Oryx the main encounters of any raid are for relatively unknown characters
What lore did you discuss? Besides saying Savathun amd Nokris are working together which is a statement, not a discussion. Every other sentence is how you want to play the raid, absolutely *nothing* about how one would even come about. No lore, not even a try.
Shitpost McGee over here. Is this another comment you're going to delete after I reply? That's what you keep calling "sarcasm".
There was zero lore in the thread at all, this was just u/jakemooneyy making a gameplay thread and pretending it was lore. I really hope r/destinylore stops being the place for low effort karma farms and we can get back to theories actually having some lore background besides "Savathun and Nokris work together"
Sooo....do you have any actual lore or basis for your "theory" that the Nine are the endgame; or is this just another "I think this would be neato" thread with no actual substance?
So, what actual lore are you using to come up with this theory that everyone is chasing the Traveler to beat the Dark? You need to go back and reread your lore, because you've got some pretty clear confusion. You claim that the Fallen would have been more advanced than humanity, and that we had to be given a golden age....but the Fallen had a Golden Age as well. We have no reason to believe the Cabal want to capture the Traveler to take on the Darkness. We're only given what Ghaul shows us, which is that he wants a weapon. We have no reason to believe the Fallen, outside of the *tiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiny* House of Light, want to Traveler to take on the Darkness. We do have lore that says because they were chasing the Traveler to reclaim the Golden Age that it gave them. We have no lore supporting that the Vex are chasing the Traveler to take on the Darkness. We do have lore showing that they want to overcome both. We have no lore supporting that the Hive are chasing the Traveler to defeat the Darkness. We have lots supporting the opposite. We have no lore supporting that the Scorn are chasing the Traveler to take on the Darkness. Tl;dr We haven't seen any lore, at all, to support your hypothesis.
You literally didn't read the post, at all, before you replied. Like seriously, sentence number one: &gt;So I was looking at the ishtar collective website at the Thin Line gun.
That "theory" had absolutely no lore basis or substance.
The point is that you shouldn't spread the idea that a completely baseless concept is a legitimate theory, which is exactly what you're doing. Speculation with a lore basis is one thing: someone literally saying it's nothing but their fan theory is quite a bit different
Well, in this case it's a theory we know is unequivocally *wrong*, and you're telling people it's a valid theory; clearly because you haven't read the lore. So what do you think will happen when other people who haven't read the lore see that comment? They are going to think that's something legitimate and valid, and then be led astray. This is a sub where people come to learn lore. Telling people a video game story is different than it is qont start a war, you're right there. However, it's douchey as hell; why are you trying to trick people? I've never seen someone so insistent on spreading an theory with admittedly zero substance. You make it seem like kids are going to die if people don't read the fan fiction you need to spread.
&gt;We see her talking to nobody in Destiny one, could there be more than one being inside that exo frame? Seems a bit more likely that radios exist than multiple conciousness in a single frame.
Aren't you the one advocating that completely completely baseless theories are fine to post? So why do you get to do it, yet I have to chill for doing the same?
That doesn't mean she isn't talking on a radio. We hadn't remade contact with Osiris by that point, Drifter, or Eris. Could have easily been any of them and he couldn't have deciphered it.
Humanity didn't do shit but completely fail against the Darkness. It was 100% a loss against the Darkness. The only reason that humanity is still around is because the Traveler intervened. Until it made us into Guardians, we were just another party to reap. The Darkness should view non-Risen as little more than kids who need to be hidden behind mommy. Risen themselves are a separate story, but humanity as a race has no reason to be considered near a Final Shape.
Apparently you forgot the part where you decided to gaslight the shit out of me and pretend my position was worthless. Remember when you, like a little jackass, said I was acting like a war was going to start? Yeah, that was you trying to purposefully demean *me*. **You** made it personal, not me. And I didn't make a single baseless assumption about you. You clearly haven't read the lore, because you're supporting a theory that has been shown to be completely wrong. You clearly like tricking people, because you keep defending you shitposting a theory like it's valid. You clearly think it's a great idea to keep trying to deceive people, and you're clearly going to keep trying to play the victim like I'm being mean to you. I get that's what you have to do to feel like people pay attention to you, but I'm done with your trolling bullshit.
But the Dark elevated the Hive from a position of weakness too. Doesn't matter what caused you to become the boss, just that you are
To be fair, we don't know that humanity would have completely failed without the Traveler. Had She abandoned us, like the Fallen, there's a very real chance that the Dark would have simply moved to wherever she slipped to
So, gonna post any actual lore for you "theory"?
And where are you getting that from? Please provide the lore that shows the Fallen and demonstrably and unequivocally a "stronger" race than humanity. Then please explain why the Traveler chose a less worthy champion, someone who couldn't uphold its ideals as well. If you can't do both of those, please just add the addendum that you're simply speculating with no lore basis behind it.
Your kidding, right? You're literally going to make a post and claim that me asking you to cite your sources or reasoning is acting like this is an extreme or outrageous theory? Really? I mean, seriously, I asked you to cite your source and your response is to gaslight me? Jesus Christ, professors have *failed* if this is the response to asking someone to provide reasoning besides "well I hope it's......"
You really need to provide something substantial. Hell, here your responses is that because of imagery and subtext we can draw conclusions. That's, again, simply an interpretation. You are calling me dismissive, but you're the one who is admittedly "grasping at straws" (a phrase it still seems like you don't understand as it seems you believe that means are grabbing for something concrete) and simply saying that I'm wrong because of your interpretation of "uses of imagery, and subtext". Again, feel free to cite the sources you're utilizing with this super valid and well established theory. Otherwise, get off my dick about asking someone to have at least a little lore basis. Not an interpretation, not a shitpost; but an unequivocal basis. Until you can do that, I'm not "objectively wrong", though you may also not actually understand that phrase either.
Oh, so you make your decisions based in whether you like someone, and not whether it's a valid argument. You can't argue that, as you've legitimately admitted to it I say you need to figure out how to come up with a. Opinion yourself, and not have to rely on "Well but I like that person better :(". Glad we could share opinions of each other. Just kinda funny you're getting oissy J ask someone else to substantiate their position and think you've got any sort of validity in your shitpost. Then again, the only thing you ever have a legitimate opinion in is pictures of cats. Let's not pretend your reply is anything but shitty whining. Not to mention, you couldn't be bothered to make a post in the last two weeks until today. Let's not pretend your anything but an alt from the same shitty person.
Why aren't you making that same comment to the other poster? Why am I specifically the only person you are commenting directly to, and not the other posters?
Not a spoiler. Anyone who has read the lore for him that's been in the game for the last year is aware of a few monikers, including Germaine
Kinda feels like this is a gameplay thread, not a lore one at all. Maybe I just overlooked the lore discussion though
Not going to happen. It's impossible. Uldren is dead. Over and done with. Gone. Never coming back. So how is he going to redeem his actions? The new conciousness inhabiting his old shell of a body has no connection to the murder, to Mara, to the Reef; to anyone or anything that Uldren did or any of the motivations that he had. For neo Uldren to redeem old Uldren he'd have to go on a crusade to regain his memory, and not just from stories told to him. He will have to intimately know what he was feeling at that time, and why he made the choices he did. Then after completely understanding can he begin to atone. Then after he atones, he can start to be redeemed and uplifted by the rest. Let's say hypothetically that he does find a way to get his memory back- what happens to the rest of the Guardians? Suddenly everyone has a bigger priority than protecting the Light - learning about themselves. Even characters like Zavala and Shaxx are going to be interested in knowing who or what they are.
Source?
It hasn't been a full two years yet, stop exaggerating. It was 2 years *after* Swiftriver went missing that Andal and Cayde made their Dare, and still more time to complete it. For us to get a Hunter through a Dare now we're looking at needing the same situation - two Hunters getting drunk and making bad choices. It's so silly when people comment "Oh Bungie forgot about *X*" just because they didn't do something quickly enough for you. We heard it over and over again through Rise of Iron and D2Y1 about how the Queen was forgotten - then suddenly she shows back up.
Yea, that's not for Destiny - that's a completely different game entirely. You don't actually think every single game is set in the same universe, do you? Or are you really out there believing that your Guardian is Mario?
Ummm...what? This was a bit of incoherent rambling and I'm pretty sure the point is just that the Traveler has a weakness, therefore the Pyramids should too? Is that right?
Not really a lore question, just gameplay. And complete speculation at best. These threads are why the main sub exists.
Because u/millennialchaos is an even shittier person. I mean, seriously, look at what the little asshole and to do - immediately went and posted on r/choosingbeggars because you didn't suck them off for some stupid, worthless, and quite frankly, stupid, "advice". Remember that asshole kid who had nothing in life, so had nothing to do but go to every other kid in class and try to gossip to bring others down to their level? Milllenialchaos is what happens when those assholes have access to the internet.
Iirc it's the Bungie web lore. Let me see if I can Google it up Edit: Yup https://www.bungie.net/en/Explore/Detail/News/48506
Why not? If the Pyramids are the Darkness equivalent of the Traveler then why wouldn't there be symmetry?
Not a lore thread, at all
So why not post it on the main sub? Or r/destiny2? Or r/lowsodiumdestiny? Like it's not a raid secret, nor is it even an attempt to discuss any sort of lore; so why would you choose those two specialized subs? Especially when you have actively posted on the Destiny2 one recently
G*mers are so bad at infiltration. Go back to double u double u double u dot bible studies dot com and once you've read a few lessons come back to us!
Not if you read the bible for 73 hours. That would make you strong with Jesus.
No. I regularly read the Bible for 168 hour stints, only taking a break to clothe and feed the homeless. Then back to another time of Bible reading. Through dedication to the Bible and never straying to video games I find myself not requiring anything silly like sleep.
Yea, u/worthyjet23 is just some asshole who is trying to witchhunt me because they are too stupid to understand satire. I would post that as a parent level reply here, but I can't comment back to someone I've blocked; a thing I do for anyone too stupid to pass 4th grade.
It is all satire. u/worthyjet23 is just a fucking moron.
You forgot the people who know it's satire, like the person dumbass u/worthyjet23 was messaging. This thread is a testament to OPs stupidity over anything else.
u/worthyjet23 doesn't have to imagine. When you fail every grade after 4th it becomes easy to miss any sort of literary device
100% satire. As the person that the asshole u/u/worthyjet23 is trying to witchhunt I can tell you it is complete satire. That's the reason I called this dumbass a moron and blocked them; seeing their tenuous grasp on the ability to spell or use spacing currently only adds to that. Maybe if OP spent more time paying attention in school they could spell "reply", understand satire, and not be a complete embarrassment. But that's also harder than being a shitlord, right Jet?
To give you the context, I'm the person u/worthyjet23 is shittily trying to brigade here. The sub they are following my comment from? It's r/r/banvideogames, which is a clearly satirical sub. My comment itself was that I read the Bjble for 168 hours, then take a break to feed and clothe the homeless, then go back to another stunt of reading (and that my reliance on the bible over gaming means I don't need to sleep). I called OP a moron because that's what they are, as well as anyone else who gives me a serious response to a clearly satirical statement. When it's that obvious and you dknt get it, you're fucking stupid. There's just no other explanation.
I would expect the Hive have traveled at least a galaxy. The Vex come from effectively another dimension. In his travels it would make sense Calus has made it through multiple galaxies, so it's not unreasonable to think Rull may be from another galaxy
Stretch Armstrong would get ripped in half trying to make this gap work. Every major Destiny and it's major DLC has been in September. There's been a release every year as well, so they weren't going to skip 2020 and that means it needs to be part of the release *date*. Normally the release is in the beginning of the month, but Rise was the 20th so this lateness isn't unheard of
r/destinyjournals is your place for fanfic like this
u/latrickster2994 doesn't have a point, they are just a troll. When their post didn't get enough upvotes here the jackass posted it over to r/gaming. OPs only goal is to brigade Dornbush. What's worse is that OP is legitimate moron too. OP is pissy because Dornbush lets his opinion factor in on reviews. Apparently OP has never realized that reviews are based on someone's impressions and opinions as they play the game.
What a stupid piece of shit you are. There's literally opinion pieces in every publication, including things like the Wall Street Journal and New York Times. Watch the same story on CNN and Fox News and they will present it in two separate ways. Why? Because they are presenting their position, not a completely unbiased review of the facts. Face it jackass, you don't understand what a review is. Probably should be calling others retarded when you're having this many issues yourself
Funny, because you have yet to provide a single example. In fact, when someone asked you to explain how he was wrong about Kingdom Hearts 3, you rambled some stupid generic bullshit about him reviewing remakes. Face it jackass, you literally embody what you are complaining about. There's nothing dogshit but you
OP doesn't have a point, they are just a shitlord trying to brigade Dornbush because OP doesn't like his reviews. For fucks sake, dipshit OP whines in this thread about how Dornbush uses his opinions in reviews; then in this post complains about how he doesn't share his opinion. https://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/hgf7o9/ign_subreddit_was_hella_offended_by_this_meme/fw3yv8d/ When told that reviews are based in opinion, u/latrickster2994 responded to call me retarded because all journalism is 100% objective. Yea, that's the kind of person OP is.
r/destinyjournals is the place for fanfic
You should be asking what you do if you're so fucking stupid you believe obvious satire.
Unfortunately, u/xblip is a homophobe and hatemonger. You can't expect too much from someone as stupid as they are though
Jesus, you really find the stupidest things to get worked up about. Imagine having so little going on in life you need to get pissy someone reposted a meme *months* layer. Good thing u/pixarnerd realized you're either a troll or this is your first day on the internet and not to care about your repost screech.
How are you not? You're screeching about it being a repost months after the fact. Not to mention, there's no mention against no reposts on the sidebar, so your backseat moderating is even more silly. Let's not pretend that you understand regardless. The only reason I'm here is because you had to screech at me about how you don't understand satire.
Yea, it's pretty obvious u/xblip just needs to find stupid stuff to be pissy about. Seriously, who gives a shit if something is a repost. Not to mention, just shouting repost is as unoriginal as what toolbag is whining about. For someone who values originality so much, you'd think Blip would be at least a little creative
This "theory" gets posted every couple of days and each time it's the same thing - there's simply not enough support for it. Sure, she could have been talking to Guardian, be we have yet to see *any* communication device that lets people talk across time. It makes faaaaaar more sense that she is talking to someone else in the same timeline and time as her. Otherwise, why isn't she giving messages to be passed on? Why is she allowing the Red War to happen? I mean seriously, your only support is we haven't seen her working with anyone else; but you ignore the fact that we have no idea what she has been doing the last few years. She clearly has a relationship to the Drifter, so who is to say she wasn't talking to him? Why couldn't she be talking to Osiris?
Being too stupid to recognize obvious satire can kill you too. No dumbass, not because the satire will kill you - but because your level of competence is so low that you clearly can't recognize an actual issue. Do you realize how literary devices work? Just because you failed elementary school doesn't mean the rest of us are fucking stupid.
Don't worry u/xblip is a heathen who will find the Way later on in life. For now all they can do is play video games and tell at people for posting pictures on the internet. u/xblip also epitomizes the concept of a Grammar Nazi, even fucking up their own comments while chastising another. Where do you think they picked up their Nazi tendencies? Gaming
I just found something even more hilarious about our dipshit troll u/xblip. You know how he got pissy you posted the same meme within a couple months of each other? This asshat did it within *2 days*. I'm getting really fucking tired of these neckbeards projecting their own shitty life onto others https://www.reddit.com/r/memes/comments/hef1gc/it_do_be_like_that/ https://www.reddit.com/r/memes/comments/hef1gc/it_do_be_like_that/
To quote you: "REPOST". And after only 2 days. Didn't get enough attention? https://www.reddit.com/r/SpecialSnowflake/comments/hd0mf0/it_do_be_like_that/ Imagine being the jackass who reposts shit after 2 days and calls 9ut others for doing it after *months*
We've already had lore that stated that. The reason why the Winnower and Gardener entered the game is because the Vex won every iteration if the game before.
The previous versions of the game had no Traveler (or presumably pyramids), so the paracausal stuff and Light/Dark weren't a thing. Every time the universe was reset, the Vex won as Final Shape. Gardener (iirc) gets tired of losing all the time and comes into this version of the game, and the Winnower does too.
No, of course I don't believe that; the same way I don't believe the Traveler and Pyramids were created by the Vex. If that were the case then the Vex would have needed to create the Gardener and Winnower as opposed to being players in the previous games. The point was I was trying to make a point by using what I thought was obvious hyperbole to show that a "What if" with no support in the lore or the gameplay is a functionally infinite set of scenarios. What if the Cabal actually created everything and then lost the knowledge? What if members of The Symmetry create them in the future and send them back? What if we're in one of the perfect simulations of the Vex and the entities we're seeing aren't real but just hypothetical lines of code that we can figure out how to jack with like Neo in The Matrix? But seriously, we have the Traveler and [presumably] Pyramids because the Gardener/Winnower got frustrated of the Vex always winning and entered this version of the game. Seems weird for them to get frustrated by the Vex success if they are created by the Vex, right?
Didn't we have a tiny lead in mission before the Corridors of Time ones where we found his Ghost? I think it was snapped then as I don't remember it trying to communicate
We don't know that the Stranger is a time traveler. That's a theory from the main sub that people keep bringing over here. If she is a time traveler, why isn't she trying to actually stop catastrophes, instead of handling them after they happened? If she knows we have to wield the Darkness, why not ever mention that in the beginning? Or come back during Taken King to push us to pursue the mantle? On the Stranger herself, her life card says there is a *rumor* of her being part of an Exo Squadron, but never calls them time travelers. You're mixing spinfoil theories with actual lore in an attempt to make a pretty big stretch, which then still doesn't make sense. If Rasputin can time travel, then why isn't he changing his own decisions on Felwinter?
When? Because the Vex were so lost against the Taken in the *first 3 months* of the Taken invasion that they had to bribe us to come into The Vault and clear it for them. You really don't like reading the lore or playing the game before you post these crackpot theories do you? And right after I praised you for actually replying to someone directly you go back to old ways of just commenting back to yourself instead of them. If you don't want to get responses or communicate with posters, why waste the Reddit bandwidth?
It's also completely irrelevant. Even if it was the same voice actor it doesn't mean the characters are related, which was the point of the post.
You keep bringing up over and over and over again that it could be the same voice actress, in a thread where OP is asking if the voice similarity means the same voice actor and if having the same voice actor has lore implications. After 3 comments you've finally decided to point out your just making a generic statement that everyone knows, and that you weren't really making a lore statement at all, even though u/damagedblood mentioned it multiple times. To anyone reading it, you were staunchly defending the idea of the same being the same voice actor, and with absolutely no context there's no reason anyone to believe you would be doing so outside of wanting to argue they could be related characters. Don't get all pissy just because people gave you the benefit of the doubt and thought your comments had substance
You realize you never once decided to point out you were just making a generic statement that had nothing to do with lore, that no one asked about and has no relevance to the conversation.
You may not want to play the "post history" troll card, given in the last hour you've made comments about video games you can't be bothered to reply to, screeched at people for reposting memes, think an obsession with 90 eras sports wear is indicative of mental state, and made *this* racist comment where you legitimately uses someone's Russian ethnicity to villify them. I don't think you've got a leg to stand on, because you're nothing more than some shitty teenage troll.
Where is there lore of a non-guardian exo reproducing and having a child?
So you think it's ok to shoot people in games because you're shooting g@mers? This is just the violence of video games and their training
Uh oh kiddo, you have to be 13 for a Reddit account. No surprise g@mers have no respect for authority unless it comes from Uncle Adolph
Can you please go learn some punctuation. If you're going to keep being a g@mer at least you don't have to be a completely idiotic one.
Jesus Christ, you're stupid. You're so impossibly stupid it's hard to believe. But thank you for arguing that it's ok for g@mers to shoot other g@mers.
Maybe if you paid attention in school instead of playing Barbie's DressUp Adventure your English skills wouldn't be so terrible.
Well, your parents clearly just coddle you and dont give a shit about what a Morin theyve raised. Maybe I'm hoping that getting you to recognize what a stupid little trash bag you are that you'll decide to dedicate your life to something besides failing every grade through school. You wanna talk about abuse? Ask your parents why they don't pay attention to you.
You just love not paying attention don't you?
Your parents let you be proud of being this stupid, so clearly they don't pay too much attention. Not to mention, you sent me a message bragging about how you can make food for yourself - that's not a comment from someone with attentive parents. You've already shown that you're a liar on Reddit, you think it's ok to shoot people if they are g@mers, you try to appropriate civil liberty conversations like you're being oppressed. Honestly, it's giving your parents the benefit of the doubt that they are inattentive. Otherwise you're saying the purposefully raised you into all those shitty attributes and that's way worse. So are your parents deadbeats or shitty people?
Only if you're projecting your own bigotry. I simply made up a nonviolent video game. You're deciding that needs to be a social commentary. What does that say about you and your views if you're looking for hatemongering everywhere? Typical bigot g@mer
Learn punctuation.
By being stupid enough to ask that question. Fuck, I forgot how tiring stupid people are, especially when it's a stupid kid. No wonder your parents ignore you
Except in this thread, you, the gamer have done the following: * lied * projected bigotry * said it's ok to shoot others as long as they are gamers How exactly are you proving this sub bad? If anything, you're proving it's point. Then again, we've been over your incredible stupidity before so I'm not surprised you can't figure that out. Again, I'm also not surprised your parents have had to give up on you.
So you agree that talking to someone as stupid as you is tiring?
Your parents are shitty people and any social worker would throw them in jail in a heartbeat, just hoping they could give you a chance at a real life.
The K-word is recognized as bigotry and hate-speech and causes discomfort among women with that name. Not to mention, the additional context is you're saying they must be female because of their actions, which is derogatory and sexist. Stupid little gamers keep spreading their hate everywhere. Your parents would be ashamed had they ever cared about you.
You stupid little asshole. At one point the n-word was just a random word too, but became recognized hate speech because of the negative connotations always used with it. Seriously, how much of a piece of shit do you have to be to use something as an insult and then pretend it doesn't have a negative conception. Guess your parents really did raise you to argue for bigotry didn't they?
If you wanna have fun, look at u/grandmastercooky 's thread. I think a requirement for being a g@mer is that you have to fail reading and writing tests as a child. https://www.reddit.com/r/BanVideoGames/comments/hhmknt/can_all_of_you_please_explain_why_you_dont_like/ Looks like the original post got removed but idiotic comments still exist.
It is too bad that g@ming has infected u/grandmastercooky 's soul to do these dirty sins.
You should research how to write at above a 3rd grade level.
So what? You're still freaking out someone made a repost after months and you did after just 2 days. The point is you're just a shitty troll, which is why you didn't reply on the actual comment in question. Little jackass
Yay! Shitty kid deleted his shitpost. Now just delete your shitty account
Yea, the classic move of a jackass troll is to move to snarky comments. Good job. And guess what idiot, the lore that is proving you wrong is one of the *lore books*. It's not my fault you want to ignore the lore, that's on you.
Are you really stupid enough to believe Swedish people can't have white supremacist views? You've failed a couple grades across the years, haven't you?
I wouldn't trust u/oveikko, they have a habit of making racist, sexist, and other bigoted remarks. If you find those kind of people competent, then go for it. But it's probably better not to take the advice of hatemongers.
Happy karma whoring
Yes, the rest of us are ignoring that. Because unlike some people; we don't have unlimited time to waste with staring at a picture on Reddit just to prove it's inaccurate. Imagine having so little going on in life that you can waste time to prove someone doesnt deserve fake internet points. Sometimes I miss being a teen in mommy's basement.
Imagine being such a douchebag that you thank people for not supporting a website you voluntarily use. What a tool.
Holy shit, what kind of jackass loser edits their shitbag comment instead of replying? Oh yea, the same asshole who has nothing better to do than prove others don't deserve karma. Fake internet points are just for you, right asshat?
How stupid do you have to be to spell "a lot" incorrectly? Fuck, how many extra chromosomes were you born with?
Of course you're an underaged asshole. Seriously, how fucking retarded are you to brag about not following the terms of service for Reddit? I mean, seriously, I hope your parents called the police on themselves for allowing a kid to be this fucking stupid
You're right, it is a normal day. We have you, a piece of shit 12 year old, bragging about being a liar and pretending you aren't a fucking dumbass. Just a normal day in America, though I wonder how your parents deal with all the depression that you cause them. Have you ever asked yourself why you're such a piece of shit?
You're a fucking 12 year old, lying piece of shit. It was never your wallpaper. Just like you've never had parents that gave a fuck.
Seems unlikely. You have pretty broad issues with just reading, you really think anyone believes you can pay attention? No, that's never been a thing you've done. Ignorance is bliss and you're a happy little jackass
It's pretty laughable that you spend time trying to insult others on the internet but can't follow a simple conversation. Why ask a stupid question instead of pretending to think for yourself?
This is a racist comment from a bigoted little asshole. Take your bigotry off the internet and back to your Klan meetings, jackass
Are you ok?
This seems like a g@mer attempting a trap. No anti-gamer needs to hide their discussion behind DM. There is a reason OP is trying to do so.
Your backpedaling just adds more credence to being a g@mer. Anyone else would have actual convictions. Now take this shitpost down and go read the Bible like a good little child. You're not even old enough to have a Reddit account and you're spending your life lying and scamming.
Well, you can't be bothered to pay attention to your own idiotic italics. You know who else doesn't pay attention? G@mers. I'm not accusing you of anything, besides being a liar. I'm simply pointing out that your actions make it pretty clear you're a g@mer. And your shitty lies to obscure that fact help prove why your games need to be banned. Again, be a good kid and go read the Bible instead of trying to deceive good Redditors.
