I do this when picking people up from the airport so I don't have to pay for parking
&lt;--TO BE CONTINUED--
Why did this guy just clothesline himself?
Exactly - there are still a ton of Harleys out there, and people are constantly buying them, but they aren't buying new. Why spend $15-20k (or more for the bigger bikes) when you can get a used one that's only a few years old for less than half that?
wow, congrats, at 24 your income is more than our household combined income and my wife and I are in our 30s....
same - every second is pure torture... or at very best it's excruciatingly boring.
same - I still do it, but I've always hated it. I don't have as much time as I used to - but I used to go to the gym 3-5 times a week consistently and I tried every possible exercise / machine / etc and I hated them all... so I'd just go in, do my sets, then leave as soon as I was done and I never felt one ounce of pleasure / happiness.
It makes me feel like I'm going to die - even though I used to consistently go to the gym 3-5 days a week I never felt anything other than misery.
I feel exactly the same way.
same
yeah - those lucky bastards
I don't know anybody who likes exercise
"yay! I'm physically capable of being miserable longer and wasting even more of my limited free time!!"
yep - I must be one of the unlucky ones. I've always hated it, even when doing it on a consistent schedule for a long time.
I played every sport as a kid and I've tried every exercise at the various gyms I've went to and I disliked them all.
try 3 decades
but it doesn't feel great
same
I enjoy hiking - but I live in the midwest. It's flat, there's nothing to see, and it's either freezing or 100 degrees with 90% humidity - which makes being outside miserable. When we visit my wife's family in Colorado I go hiking for hours and love it because there's actually something to see and the climate is more comfortable.
false
I did it consistently for years and hated every second.
if you love sweating, then you probably aren't a super sweaty person. I HATE it - it's the worse feeling ever - it's like being in a gross hot rainstorm.
if I could spend the rest of my life without looking at a gym, I would
not for everybody - I've never once experienced this.
That would be my nightmare. I find times to go to the gym when it'll be as empty as possible. I don't need people looking at me / judging me. I just want to be left alone.
I played every sport as a kid and I never really liked them. I'm not a competitive person, and the few sports I did semi-enjoy were ruined by the summer heat.
I love being outdoors, just not where I live because of the climate / terrain. I'd go hiking every day if my surroundings were better. We might move to Colorado some day, but not anytime soon. The springs here are mild, but very wet - so all the local trails are just mud... and same in the fall. The winters are too cold and the summers are too hot... so I'm just screwed here. I have a couple friends who are into indoor rock climbing - and I would like to give that a shot some day... but I'd rather just hike up a mountain if there was one within 700 miles of where I lived...
I'm mostly limited to where my family and kids can go. Free alone/personal time is nonexistent
The white trash troublemaker kids in middle school haircut
Looks kind of like New Girl - I'm down. lol
Same - I worked out / watched what I ate for an extended period of time and I did get in great shape, but I was completely miserable (my two favorite things in the world are eating and not moving). Now I have much less free time (I get home from work and my wife immediately leaves for her job, so I take care of the kids in the evenings and she gets home around their bedtime or a little later). My only free time is after the kids go to bed, and by that time I'm totally exhausted.
I think wasting time is doing something I don't enjoy
Also - by my comments, I'd guess it's easy to assume I'm in terrible shape. I used to be in better shape when I had more free time, but I'm still in at least somewhat ok-ish shape. I work out when I can because it's something I have to do to stay in ok shape. I think of it like paying bills. I do it because I have to, but I hate it.
The $5k is what I had to pay AFTER insurance was billed like 100k (2 nights, no complications)
Sure - I would say that's a health benefit. I have no motivation to go beyond "normal"
If it's like above 80 degrees outside, I just start dripping. I hate the feeling of being sweaty or just being wet in general.
sonicboom
It was definitely in the first one. I think it mentions it in the first one - or it's mentioned in the manual... I don't remember, but ever since the early 90s I've always known that coins make you go faster and 10 is the max.
My favorite cars that participated in Le Mans are probably the Porsche 924 Carrera GT and the Dome Zero
It's equally miserable for me regardless of the scenario.
oh, I know that nobody is judging me - and even if some asshole was chilling at the gym to judge somebody, I'm doubt I'd be the focus as I'm just generally pretty average. It's just something that really stresses me out - same reason I can't go to the doctor or talk on the phone. It's just some weird mental block that causes extreme stress / anxiety.
my thrift stores just have clothes and plates. The throw everything else up on ebay.
be suuuper sure there's nothing in the oncoming lane when you take a left turn
I definitely did that at an old job before. They gave me this "huge" project that they wanted me to have done in like 6 months. It was big, but nowhere near as big as they thought. I finished in about a month, then did absolutely nothing for like two months, then told my boss I was done at the half-way point. Everyone was super impressed and it eventually lead to my promotion... so...
exactly - that's the problem with jobs in general. There's no incentive to do a better job. The only reward for doing your work quickly is more work. Just keep your head down and do what needs to be done by the time it needs to be done.
and I guarantee - once they're out of the workforce, they won't give us raises - somebody at the top is just going to get even more rich.
Those and 3 are my top 3 THPS games
This is what I've seen happen as well. Many times the job is outsourced to India. Instead of hiring a new engineer, they can hire an entire team in India.
He tried that - the claim was denied.
I think I had an aneurysm trying to understand the point of this post.
I don't even think my Harley revs to 6k RPM XD
They have cheap bluetooth speakers you can clip on to your bars, but idk if they'd be loud enough to hear while riding at highway speeds (or would have bad distortion from pushing the little speaker that much)
I'm still lucky if I can get one star in a drift zone
completely agree
He had a thousand miles to stop
Just any car - I'm terrible at drifting. I always have been. Same story for the other horizons. I mostly play Forza Motorsport, so it goes against everything I know... But I should learn the skill to help with Dirt Rally
For me the answer is "kids". I don't have a car or credit card payment anymore, but insurance and medical bills more than made up for them :'(
man, that money in the midwest and you could live like a king
I think it's too early to tell. They built a new, modernized (robots/automation/actual quality control) factory and use new, consistent suppliers. But still - these bikes are brand new. We don't have enough data yet. I rode the new Continental GT and Interceptor at a demo event and they seemed like great bikes for the money - and they come with a 3 year warranty. It truly feels like they're trying to overcome their bad reputation, but only time will tell. You could buy one knowing at least you're covered for 3 years - if you're really worried, just sell it for something else when the warranty expires.
same - live in the midwest - the only "curves" here are the 90 degree corners at intersections. Either a grid of city streets or a grid of rural county highways. Take your pick...
I worked at a local amusement park one summer and it was creepy closing up - We left maybe an hour after the park closed, and the rides I operated where in the back of the park, so it was really quiet back there (and they turned off most of the lights when the park closed). Once we got up to the front of the park to clock out / leave, there would be stragglers / people waiting for rides / etc, though.
yeah - I was talking with someone from London a couple years ago and I was like - our city has this cool old historic area where the buildings are over 100 years old, and she was like - that's it? Our "new" houses are like 100 years old... Well, all the cities over there are older than our entire country, so, what can ya do?
Yeah - that makes a lot of sense. I can't even go anywhere worth going in 400 miles - I have to drive 600-700 miles for that (which we do a few times a year and it's not even a big deal - just "oh, going to visit grandma and grandpa for a few days")
Lol, that's awesome. I went to college 100+ miles away and made that drive almost every weekend one year because I still had a weekend job in my hometown.
Also - a 100 mile drive takes just a little over an hour of you drive 80-85 the whole way.
lol - that's pretty great. And yeah - for road trips, we just stop for gas and that's it - 8 hours of driving is typically one 10 minute stop. I have two kids (3 and 1) and they handle that very well - just sleep or watch stuff on the ipad.
I've saved myself probably thousands by repairing things around the house (AC, furnace, fridge, etc). Usually it's not hard to fix whatever is broken - it's the diagnosis that takes time.
Welcome to the corporate world.
I mean, $2500/month is like what I bring home and I'm in my 30s and make more than most my friends....
There should be tiers of service at least - like, don't give me the top tier service that costs $100k. I don't have top tier anything else in my life. Just give me the low tier service that I can afford. It's better than nothing, I suppose...
Stay hydrated. Just stop every 100 miles or so and cool off / get something to drink. It doesn't have to be a long stop - just enough to get some relief. Just fill up your tank, stretch, get some water, etc. 600 miles is a little rough, but it's not extreme.
Only 2 states allow it... and until very recently, only one state allowed it.
I didn't even know pizza huts had insides
I have no idea. I haven't had any luck.
I'm going to guess Ecstatica - only because near the beginning a werewolf peeks at you through a window https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1VHcpMLUHBo
Maybe one of the Prototype games?
Who knows - there were a ton of 3rd person shooters on the PS1. Maybe something like Syphon Filter?
No problem - as soon as you said superhuman jumping, that's the first game that popped into my head.
Next step - lower bars. Considering clipons or clubman style. Maybe some low trackers. The seat pushes me forward and my stock bars are a little too high and have too much pullback. I don't want drag bars because I don't like the way they look. After lower bars - perhaps some longer shocks and a chopped rear fender, but we'll see how far I go. I'd like a 2-into-1 upswept exhaust, too.
ha - not great. It's fine for about an hour or so, but after that my butt starts to go numb. If I plan on going on a longer ride - I'll throw on one of my older, more comfortable seats. Most of the time I'm either commuting or just zipping around town, so it's fine for that.
I played it for the first time last year. Very unique. I enjoyed what I played.
I'm fine with the Lego concept, but they didn't do anything with it. It's just regular Forza Horizon with a Lego skin on some of the map.
Yeah- it feels like a really half-assed expansion. Like - they made the map first, then had to decide what to do with it and how to make it special. Last minute they got a deal with Lego - made a few Lego models and plopped them on the existing map, made a couple Lego cars and threw in the Everything is Awesome on repeat radio station and called it good. Very low effort.
Exactly. That's why it feels like they took a map they already had and just sprinkled some Lego models on it.
Yep, exactly
Yeah. For sure - such a missed opportunity to make something cool and unique. It's such a bummer they wasted the IP.
I actually think Storm Island is the more complete expansion since they at least had a fleshed out idea. The idea wasn't a complex one, but at least the end result felt coherent.
The brick challenges are just like the 1000 club from horizon 1
Oh, for sure. Both of horizon 4's expansions seemed very lazy compared to all the other expansions.
In Kansas City - 12th St bridge in the west bottoms
Nice :). I always end up doing a little photo shoot down there when I go to the Blip Sunday meetups.
Think of all the opportunities - everything could be advertised on. Like, your HUD in a fps your healthbar could have like a "Sponsored by McDonalds" advertisement on it.
I go occasionally. I'd go more - but I have two little kids at home and we usually have fairly busy weekends. I like going down for an hour or so and just seeing what bikes people have. There's usually at least one or two cool classic bikes down there.
Exactly - even without mentioning the lack of building anything, it's still a really lazy expansion. It's just some standard races on a slightly different island. If you took the lego props off the map, it would feel identical to the base game.
Where is that - it's still low for a masters - but that's at least double minimum wage here.
I still have the day one Xbox One. It's in the upstairs living room - mostly used for watching kids blurays or my wife playing the sims. I have my XBoneX downstairs.
I played through both DOS1 and 2. I wasn't super invested in the story, setting, or characters of either (I truly don't even remember any of the plot or even one character from the first game, and I really only liked Fane in 2), but I kept playing because of the gameplay/mechanics. 2 improved upon 1 in that area, but they're both very similar.
I live in the midwest where it's not legal. I always think about how I'd do it if it were... but I don't know - half the vehicles on the highway during my commute are 18-wheelers. That would stress me out trying to go between those...
It would be cheaper to buy a used Vulcan than to buy the individual parts. You can find a running one for $1000-$1500 all day. They're super common.
lol, for real - 20 hours sitting there pushing a button. At least you get to go home and sleep from like 2:30am - 5:30am before working another 20 hours at the button pushing job.
I want that motorcycle
I'd love an electric car, but there's no way I could afford one.
TIL Isuzu still exists. Whatever happened to them in the states?
Well, if I had $7k... I'd pay bills
Both my parents have a pension and will be retiring soon. I wish that was an option for me. I used some online retirement calculator and at my current rate I'll be able to retire at 87 😅🤣😭😭
I wish I would have learned a trade. After 10+ years of working a desk job, I'm burnt out. I just want to work on card or motorcycles, but I feel like it's too late to change careers and I have too many responsibilities (family/kids) to move to an entry level position. It's a bummer, but thankfully I generally enjoy my job.
My parents had me play every sport early on and I hated every single one of them.
I don't think I or any of my friends even talked to a girl in high school... we did spend every night playing online games together, though...
I'd say be open about everything from a young age. If you talk about everything openly, then the harder subjects will be easier to talk about since everyone is already used to talking about everything. I have two boys (3 and 1), and I try to talk about everything with my three year old. He has a ton of questions and I answer them honestly to the best of my ability. I try not to sugar coat the more difficult subjects too much. If I don't know something, we research it together. If he has a question about his body, or my body, or his mom's body - we talk about it. I want the boys to know they can ask us anything and they'll always get an honest answer.
Remember in Horizon 1 where you couldn't tune anything?
Same. It's a problem because I have very little extra money - so I have all these plans for my bike, but I'll likely never execute any of them. I also only know one other person who rides (my dad). We ride together occasionally, but our schedules don't line up very often. I always try to talk my friends into riding, and I got close with a couple (they still might some day, but I wouldn't put money on it)...
Don't go with the Street. They're turds.
If I had to pick one of those 3 - I'd go with the Indian Scout 60 (but I'd probably spend the little bit of extra $ and go with the regular scout). Either way - even the Scout 60 has almost double the horsepower of the 883. The 883 looks cool, but it's underpowered. They have the 1200 models (and the 1200 big bore kit), but then you're spending the same as the regular Scout - which has double the power of the 1200 for about the same price. There are more aftermarket parts for the Sportster, so if you're planning a custom build, you'd have more bolt-on options for that.
What's your budget and what's a "medium" distance trip in your eyes? You could get a used Dyna for less than the price of a new Sportster/Scout, and it would be a better bike for almost everything (stock even Dynas have considerably less horsepower than the Scout, though....)
So did he quit, or...?
Rural Midwest cookout starter pack. I've lived in the Midwest my entire life and I've been to a billion cookouts. The country ones are like this, the urban/suburban ones usually have better beer, at least.
I did a 35-ish foot jump once and was sore for like a week. Never again.
Did they print the message off and turn it into a book?
What a mural
thanks for that - it's a very interesting piece
Same - I'm married and have two kids with someone I met on an online dating site 8 years ago.
love it
same - since there are hydras with that "remove 1 counter" mechanic, I was like - wowwww, this is fantastic. It's still great, but not quite as broken as I initially thought.
Can I combo this with [[Yarok, the Desecrated]] and [[Agent of Treachery]] ?
My Christmas bonus / yearly raise was "hey, at least you didn't get laid off"
No - most I've ever done is about 650 miles in one day (Kansas City to Denver), then another 200 the next day (Denver to Aspen). KC to Denver was very boring. I've driven that before, but I thought if I took a smaller country highway instead of I70 and rode my motorcycle it would be better - it was slightly better than driving, but man, was I sore. The mountain riding from Denver to Aspen, though - that made Kansas worth it.
I think it's pretty rare that a (non-biker) woman would be impressed by your motorcycle. Kids get excited and weird/unique/vintage bikes will draw older dudes to come over and talk to you about that one time they owned a '53 Whatever 500. I love talking with the old dudes about vintage bikes. There are decent handful of woman bikers at the hangout spot in KC I go to on the weekends - a decent mix of newer stuff, cafe racers, and choppers - they're mostly like the other guys there - interested in unique builds / craftsmanship. So, I would say that if you want to impress a girl with a bike (who has an interest in that kind of thing), I'd say vintage custom bikes will probably be your best bet. Something that looks unique and has character and shows good quality, craftsmanship, and attention to detail - a ride-able work of art.
All the time. It happened to me on the ACT in high school and I had to reread the prompt like 6 times and I ran out of time so I just answered C for the last half of the reading section. I ended up with like a 20 in reading and a 32-36 in a the other sections.... Brought my average down to a 27.... If it's not something I'm interested in, I can't focus at all. It's not just reading - it's really hard for me to focus in classes, jobs, daily activities I'm not invested in and my mind wanders like crazy. Sometimes it's hard to get anything done.
As an American, I know the answer - most Americans are morons.
I definitely go through this a couple times a year. I'll be super onto something for a few months, then it fades and the time between that and finding something else is rough.
Same. I look for something for like an hour, then ask for help and she finds it in the first place I looked just sitting there out in the open. Every time.... Like, wtf...
Ok, Doom guy
same
I'm pretty sure money and power are more important - I'm a lower middle class white male and if someone accused me of rape my career would definitely be over.
Oh, of course.
Looks like a Simpsons face on his torso https://i.imgur.com/nZq3XA2.jpg
Looks like a Simpsons face on his torso https://i.imgur.com/nZq3XA2.jpg
Coalition Victory
Looks like a Simpsons face on his torso https://i.imgur.com/nZq3XA2.jpg
Looks like a Simpsons face on his torso https://i.imgur.com/nZq3XA2.jpg
win win win
At this point I'd probably get into Arena instead of MTGO. Arena is free to play and has a larger player base. Most of the people playing MTGO are pretty hardcore and have optimized decks (which are expensive). Arena has ranked, but also casual unranked queues and bot matches to help you relearn the game and learn new mechanics.
it's a legitimate reason, though - the UI in MTGO is god awful. It's pretty much the only reason I typically go to Arena over MTGO. The horrible UI actively makes me enjoy the experience less. I only log onto MTGO these days to try out some new penny dreadful jank deck.
Yes. It just doesn't have any cards cards before ixilan right now. They said they're working towards Pioneer support. It's mostly a game for standard right now. You earn currency to buy packs, earn cards, etc. When you finish the small tutorial grind, you get like 15 free decks - and the cards from those are added to your collection to build decks with. You earn premium currency from drafts, and drafts can be bought into using the free to play currency, so if you play enough, you really can play totally for free - including the premium season pass. There are daily and weekly quests to earn bonus gold/xp. I feel like they tried to do this with Duels, but that didn't have the full customization of MTG, so they scrapped that and built arena. Arena is much easier to get into and a billion times more user friendly. MTGO is the only place to go if you want to play legacy/modern/pioneer Arena has problems, sure, but overall I find it a more enjoyable experience. I just wish it had more cards. if Arena had all the cards then I would never play magic the Gathering online again. It's great for what it is, but it's also almost 20 years old.
I get what you're saying, but I've been a pretty casual Magic the Gathering fan since the 90s, so Arena fits my playstyle better. The player base in Magic the Gathering online is very hardcore.
I think one of the biggest issues people have with arena is that in Arena draft you draft against the computer instead of actual people. You still play your drafted deck against real humans, but the draft process is with bots. I, personally, don't really care. But I know a lot of people do.
My brain was more of a cheeeoooow
What does it say at the bottom? I can't read it. Ghup?
nice
Yeah, I got a pretty good deal on my Summitar a few years ago. I only own 3 Leica lenses, but the Summitar is my favorite. I also own the tiny 50mm Elmar f/3.5 and the Summarit 50mm f/1.5 - people love to hate on the Summarit, but it has great character and beautiful bokeh.
that's a bummer - I have purchased a ton of cheap old lenses that needed some love. Some were too far gone, but others I've had decent luck restoring. Like - my Summarit. I bought it for roughly a third of the going rate a few years ago because it was missing the aperture mechanism. I found the aperture mechanism from a larger old lens, attached a step up ring to it, then made a screw-on aperture for the Summarit. It works great with no vignetting until you get to around f/16 and it also acts as a lens hood. Fungus is usually irreversible - you can clean the elements, but the glass is typically still etched. Haze on the other hand can usually be cleaned. You have to disassemble the lens (which with old lenses typically is pretty straightforward), and just clean the elements. I have a couple lenses with separation that doesn't really effect the photos much - maybe a little lower contrast, but that's about it. I'll always take a chance on something with damage like that because you can save hundreds of dollars.
This is nuts. I love it.
Yeah, I have a lot of old lenses people sold as junk and they work very well. A scratched rear element is a different story, though.
in no time flat
They're all pretty bad. None of them are going to be competitive against even the Arena starter decks.
I have both in my sliver commander deck, but Morophon is my commander.
The decks plays like green/artifact ramp for the first few turns, then I drop Morophon and all my slivers basically become colorless (and cheaper) and all the rainbow slivers are free.
newgrounds
shockwave
I always forget EDH is a multiplayer format because I've never been able to talk more than one person into getting into magic at a time.
I have little kids, so my only free time is at night after they go to bed. So LGS is out. Sometimes my sister comes to hang out with us, then she'll play some games / magic with me after the kids go to bed, but that's about it for me for physical magic.
It might - but if I leave or enter the house, the dogs go crazy - which would wake everybody up, so that's probably a no-go. Also - I'm pretty intimidated by the LGS (and MTGO) because people are so hardcore. I just want to play more casual games.
Thanks for all the suggestions. I do at least get together with some guys at work and we split a booster box to draft roughly once a month (and I go to the quarterly pre-releases). I just wish I could have a regular group to play with more frequently. My LGS is just a bunch of older guys with decks worth thousands of dollars. They all just look at each others binders full of p9 cards. Last time I was in there to browse on a weekend I was the youngest person in there (I'm 32). Everyone playing was in their 40s or 50s.
I usually hop on Arena in the evenings, but I wish it had more cards. I've dabbled in MTGO, but it's just so ugly and the interface is terrible. ... also I'm not willing to spend that kind of money on digital cards. I just have a couple Penny Dreadful decks.
I have like 3 different adblocker extensions in chrome and they've never blocked those overlays. They always show up telling me to disable my adblocker.
I can manually go into developer mode and delete the overlay div layer to read the page (or copy the article text in the second before the overlay loads and paste it into notepad). It's just a pain that the extension doesn't go in and hide the div for me.
The only weather man I trust
nice
f'n A
Davie504 would be proud - that's some serious slapp
I do that with pretty much every weird Al song. I don't even know the words to the real version of most of the songs. Like, American Pie? Psh .. everyone knows the real version is about Anakin.
The bee - just fly through the levels
At least houses in the Midwest are still like $100-150k
Is this why I can never remember anything? I've never heard this before - is this actually true? It would explain so much - I honestly thought I might have a tumor my memory is so terrible.
I've been on YouTube for almost 14 years and I still have months like that.
My golden does the exact same thing.
I know you said the power brick is new, but it sounds like a power supply issue. My old one had the same symptoms - made sound, but didn't do anything else. I replaced it and the Xbox works fine. Mine was like 6 years old, though...
I think the only movie I was genuinely confused with the first time watching was 2001: A Space Odyssey. After watching it, I looked up an explanation of the ending and immediately watched it again. Other movies reveal something at the end that make future viewings a different experience.
They announced that a like a month or two ago. Edit: I don't know why I'm getting downvoted - in the Nov 13th state of the game they announced they were working towards Pioneer in Arena https://magic.wizards.com/en/articles/archive/magic-digital/mtg-arena-state-game-november-2019-11-13
They could start by just adding the boosters back to the store. Or one set at a time do a historic draft.
I'm getting sore eyes and a sore neck just looking at this.
In the Nov 13th state of the game they announced they were working towards Pioneer in Arena https://magic.wizards.com/en/articles/archive/magic-digital/mtg-arena-state-game-november-2019-11-13
I'm going to barf
At least you have Baby Ruth to keep you company.
Thanks - I love finding gems like this in old photo albums.
Access
What a selfish asshole. Because of his need for speed he could kill somebody. Keep it on the track.
My 06 Dyna maxes out at 101 down hill with the wind at my back in a fully tucked in riding position. I found that out in the middle of nowhere on an empty highway in eastern Colorado. It took like a minute to get to 100 from 90.
I think this game is mostly ok for a 7 year old to play. The only thing is worry about is other people - if a parent was playing with them and the kid don't have a headset, I think it would be a fun game to play as a family. I think this was the case as you received that message. The kid and parent were probably working hard to get that treasure and the kid was really proud of it and then you stole it, which really upsets me as an adult, so I can imagine the kid was devastated. As a parent myself, I'd be very pissed off if some random person online ruined my kids' fun, so I'd probably send a message like that, too. That's why this game needs private servers, so you can just play the game without having to worry about assholes killing you.
I don't understand her being upset. If I said something like that to an old photo of my wife, she would laugh and assume it was a joke. I mean, I'm pretty sure I've said that jokingly to her awkward middle school photos. "Wowww, what a hottie!". Clearly a joke. In your case - not fully paying attention, I feel like it's the same kind of thing. No reason to feel bad/defend yourself and she needs to lighten up.
Then there's my wife and I who choose to sleep in separate beds and get waaay better sleep than when we slept together. We need our space 8n bed and both prefer different sleep environments. Neither of us have once missed sleeping together.
Fedaora's what?
Like a glove
Off brand Jemaine Clement r/WalmartCelebrities Jermaine Clementine
I've ridden it a couple times around the neighborhood while my dad was restoring it. It's small, slow, and sounds like a weed whacker (2-stroke), but it's a lot of fun. It has like 12hp - my dad and I rode down to a local bike coffee shop hangout and he got it up to 60mph down hill, which has to be some sort of record.
It has very little low end power - you really have to ride in the higher revs, which is weird for me since I'm used to my Harley. The Zundapp is totally different because it has no power down low (and almost no power up top, lol). It's small, so everything feels cramped. I think my grandpa was like 5'6", so it was perfect for him. You're so low that even though you're only going like 30mph, it feels like you're going 100. The suspension probably needs to be rebuilt or replaced. The rear shocks aren't great and the forks are terrible. Everything is very mushy. (But hey, it's over 60 years old) It's really fun to zip around town on - and when I ride with my dad and he takes that bike, we always get a lot of people coming over to ask about it, which is fun :)
Definitely. It's practically one game split into 3 chapters. You'd have no idea what was going on if you didn't play them in order.
I spent waaay too much time looking for a severed leg on one of the desks in the background.
I used to have gas, but then I had kids. Now I don't have any money.
Gas dropped to I think 2.09/gal here over the weekend.
true art
My XboneX used to do this all the time - it wouldn't recognize the hard wired connection. Plugging it in and hard rebooting the console would fix it for me - then it would break the next day. For a long time I just disabled sleep/standby mode so it would always hard reboot every time I turned it off/on.
hopefully more slivers :) Or some cool/decent artifacts/artifact creatures/mana rocks idk - I'm hyped for whatever they do because Modern Horizons is one of my favorite sets from the past decade.
For me - in recent memory my favorites are Modern Horizons, Dominaria, Battlebond, and Conspiracy.
This is why I only go to the lgs for prerelease - everyone who goes other times are suuuuper hardcore and I don't stand a chance. Same with MTGO, which is why I stick to Arena - I just want to have fun, not just get destroyed by meta decks worth hundreds of dollars. When I was a kid, I'd take my terrible decks built from just random cards I pulled from packs (and some cards through trades) and I'd still get a win or two each weekend - because there were dozens of people there, half of which were kids like me just playing with random jank. (this was late 90s / early 2000s). I've been to that same card store occasionally on the weekends to just browse through their binders of old cards and instead of dozens of kids playing the weekend standard tournament, it's like 10 adults in their 40s/50s and that's it.
oh, all the time. I rarely have anyone to play with, so playing by myself is the way to go...
no - I don't say anything when anybody sneezes - it's weird.
1) probably 2) also, probably lol
The Porsche and the AE86 are great - but I'm still waiting for the return of the 924 Carrera GTS and Renault Alpine A610. They're my favorite cars in FM7.
FNM is the only place I can find people that play magic, though. Not that I can go, anyway. I don't have the free time anymore.
Yeah, Motorsport 7 has the 924 Carrera GTS Clubsport and has the GTR body kit option. https://i.imgur.com/7dARgvy.jpg
My only guess is that when you had the body kit installed, the damage modeling was all messed up. Instead of the body kit getting dented/scratched, it would turn into a glitchy mass of tiny polygons/triangles. And they never fixed it after a couple years....
I understand the reference
Definitely - large format cameras are extremely simple - just a lens and a piece of film. Depending on speed of film/lens, you don't even need a shutter since your exposures can be a few seconds. (A shutter is useful, though, obviously). If you don't want to invest in large format film (right away, at least), they make adapters to attach your digital camera to the back. Then you can take a picture, slide the camera over, take another picture, etc - then stitch them all together in post. If you do go the film route - Xray film is usually much cheaper - and a good way to get some practice.
same - I played a little, but I'm just not a fan of BO3
wah
right - I don't mind BO3 in paper (or just keep playing the same deck until I get bored and swap out to something else). In Arena, BO3 feels slow/tedious.
I work for a medical software company, which is technically a medical device and regulated as such, so if you drink alcohol, you can't work again that day. So no beer if you go out for lunch or anything.
I heard nothing but good things about that movie and I finally watched it when I was in college (2006-2007 ish) and I thought it was very boring. I already knew I didn't like Tarantino movies, so I had avoided that one and it definitely didn't change my mind.
I could see this existing if it was 3
Why were they filming
The company I work for started some thing where every quarter the company's operating margin has to go up a certain percentage - that has meant layoffs every quarter to reach that number.
Exactly. Everyone's a future millionaire. Any day now.
After reading the story - I believe it was an accident, but I don't buy that he accidentally did a wheelie. It said that guys were riding around in circles and doing wheelies for a while, I think he was doing one and lost control - not he lost control, causing a wheelie.
Exactly. My Harley is air-cooled, and it does get hot if I'm stuck in traffic, but the stuff he was saying just does not make any sense.
You just look tired.
The price seems to be around $40-45. I have mine preordered.
I have this same question about poison ivy - if it's a defense mechanism - why does it take a few days to kick in? What's the animal supposed to think? "Hmm, I'm itchy now and I have no idea why".
You show up, pay, get put on a list. Then, at the start time, they sit everyone down and you get your prerelease pack. You have some amount of time (45 minutes?) to look through everything and build a deck (min 40 cards). The store provides basic lands for you to borrow for the event if you don't want to bring your own. After the building time, there's a list of matchups - find who you were matched with and you'll have some amount of time (50 min?) to play a best of 3 game. You do that against 4 opponents, then get prizes at the end based on how you did.
and then there's guys like me who pull 2 mythics from a booster box...
Because it's fun. I love commander, and this is as close to commander as I can get in Arena.
Idk, I just googled MTG unsanctioned pre-order and a few shops came up.
I don't really care about MCU or Star Wars. 8 don't hate them, I'm just very neutral. This surprises a lot of people - especially my wife's family - they figure since I'm a nerd that I must love those things.... They also refuse to believe that I despise the Big Bang Theory because "that haaasss to be your favorite show of all time!!". 😩
wow, mine looked almost identical
Phantom Dust It's a competitive multiplayer action game mixed with a deckbuilding game. Your deck is your spells and your hand is your available attacks / defense / abilities. It plays like a 3rd person action/shooter. It was an original Xbox game, but was rereleased for PC/Xbox One for free a couple years ago and it's been my favorite multiplayer game since 2004.
Can we order one?
Mine sure doesn't. Mine has been linear growth for 14 years. About 85 new subs a year
It has varied over the years, but on average about once a week.
Apparently this downward tend will continue for another 15 years. Cool.
I hope they paid closer to the $2.00 end of the range than the $250.00 end.
No, I've never felt that way. I feel clean after swimming in the lake or getting caught in the rain. Water is water.
It was in Forza 4 - but I heard there was some controversy where the guys from Top Gear said the Delorean was crappy, and Top Gear has (had?) that partnership with Forza, so word on the street was that the current license holder wasn't letting them be in future games because of that? Who knows how true any of that is, that's just what I read online years ago when the Delorean wasn't in Forza games after 4.
Too bad they're disgusting
Bro. I have a [[Chronozoa]] deck based on removing time counters with various cards and having multiple upkeeps with [[Paradox Haze]]. This card would make that deck extremely broken.
Are Bronicas still super cheap? I bought my SQ-A a while back compete with lens , back, waist level finder for around $100
What?? Really? I have one of those complete in box just sitting on a shelf that I picked up for like $50 a few years ago.
Looks like they're trying, but only one has any bids, and it's at $150. I'll have to look for sold listings.
How much for the set?
Yeah, it's great. I wish it wasn't so expensive.
I'm a strong 7 on a good day (and probably only when I was in my prime) and all the rest also apply. Thank god I'm already married with kids so I don't have to worry about that anymore.
yep
I'm not poor, I'm just lower lower lower lower middles class.
If I don't recognize the number (aka: if it's not saved in my phone), I don't answer it. Unless I'm expecting an important call... Then I still usually let it go to voicemail the first time they try because I don't know the number and it could be a scam / sales person. (I get 3-5 spam/scam/sales calls a day)
same
I get at least 3-5 spam/scam calls a day, and the numbers are randomly generated, so I can't block them.
For real - like just text me
That waiting for the person to answer is so extremely stressful.... But if you're expecting a call, that waiting around is also extremely stressful.
They truly are the worst. I don't have any anxiety taking to people in person, do if it's something local and I have a question, I'll drive over there and ask instead of calling.
Either stopped way down or focus stacked.
I bought a house so I didn't have to deal with a landlord and I haven't been to the doctor in almost 15 years.
I grilled bacon once and it was the best.
Agreed. My '97 Neon had 140k-ish miles? (Not sure because speedometer, odometer, trip odometer, gas gauge were all broken). That car had so many things wrong with it... But the worst was it would blow a head gasket every 15k miles like clockwork. (After 100k, it was every 30-50k miles under 100k)
Also, if I have to tip, it should be an optional service. Like, I should be able to send my order directly to the kitchen (through some kiosk / app), then pick it up myself of I want. And just have a thing of water at the table and I can refill my own glass.
Me either.
Yeah - I do it. When I need a little extra money, I'll reach out and get a couple jobs - usually things like family portraits, kids bday parties, etc. I used to throw in a wedding or two, but I just don't like doing weddings, so I don't do them anymore (unless a friend / family member asked).
Pretty much me - except I never did work for free (except for my immediate family). My first wedding was very small for a friend, but I still got paid a couple hundred bucks.
I always assumed [[Chronozoa]] was the size of a germ/amoeba, which makes its 3/3-ness pretty impressive.
I was thinking the same thing - I always assumed it was microscopic.
Slivers Mana rocks Eldrazi Elves / mana dorks Big artifact creatures
Theros is all fine and good and all, but I'm just sitting here waiting for more Unsanctioned info. Like - what do the full-art lands look like? Will contraptions come back? Augments? How many reprints from the first 2 un-sets will there be? How wacky will the new ones be?
I've never been pulled over by my dad, but he did leave a warning ticket on my car before when he saw it parked at a parking lot when I was running errands.
Every restaurant is the same - I'm expected to tip for services I would gladly do myself I'd given the option.
Very few jobs force me to tip for things I don't care about. And I'm not going to eat fast food all the time. I like to enjoy what I eat.
yeah - it all looks like pretty generic fantasy digital paintings with no soul / character. Everything fits the corporate image with no room for creative freedom / style. I vastly prefer MTG art from the 90s. It made you laugh, it creeped you out, it was disturbing, it was silly, it made you feel something. Now it makes me feel like I'm looking at the cover of a generic fantasy novel.
Time Spiral / Planar Chaos / Future Sight
I'd wait for black friday - I have a large cube and I bought the Star City double-matte sleeves (normally $5 / pack of 80 I think) for $1 / pack.
I don't think I've ever bought / played a premade deck - I've heard they're pretty underpowered. When I was a kid - I'd just buy boosters/tournament packs and go to prerelease events, then build crappy jank decks with the cards I pulled. Then I'd look through the boxes/binders of cards at the card shop for cards that could make my decks better. Maybe the card kingdom battle decks could give you ideas, but building decks is by far my favorite aspect of mtg, so at some point you should just browse the interwebs for cards and try to craft some weird combos.
Idk - something like counterspell or murder - I hate any and all removal/control with no conditions. Also, just planeswalkers. I'd be fine with them getting rid of those.
In my prerelease packs, 4 of the 6 packs had plains.... My favorite plains is probably the lightning plains (#333) from Odyssey. https://img.scryfall.com/cards/large/front/5/1/51b0dd0f-8ad8-4292-9df6-7b28ab4605e3.jpg
Lol, that's a bummer. I only found their sleeves from various black Friday deal posts. There decent quality - especially for the price I paid.
Idk if that'll change - I've been riding for several years and my wife has no interest in ever riding.
yeah - that's where Arena does a good job - it's easy to just hop on and play some games.
I've gone through probably 5 or 6 controllers due to joystick drift since 2013.
same - I have little kids so my only free time is after they go to sleep, which is a terrible time to have people over
Exactly. These record highs feel no different than the recession to me. I actually make less now since my raises for the past several years have been less than cost of living increase/inflation.
but, like, why did he upload it?
same
I guess I'm old now. I've never heard of whatever this is.
I can relate. I'm 14 years in and have 1200 subs...
Idk, I'm sure they're fine.
I don't remember the last time I bought a name brand thing. I was raised thinking name brand things were a rip-off and the store brand was made in the same factory, just with a different label. I assume it's true since I've never been able to tell the difference.
So far, it's probably my favorite card from the set.
Dying Dying and being forgotten / lost to time Never being successful
She just needed to do the Time Warp one more time...
I like it, but I think the buyback should be a little cheaper.
yeah - I hope to leave the country, or at least the midwest before I die.
definitely a vrod (night rod is a version of the vrod)
I don't know where you're from - but I live in the US midwest and I see used ones all the time in the 5k-8k range (a little higher for the newer ones). HD discontinued the V-Rod (last one was the 2018 model year) and started making them in 2000 (2001 model year, I think). I live in Kansas City. They made the V-Rod at the Kansas City plant before they closed it. I was in school in 2000 and we had a class field trip to tour the factory and they showed us the "new" V-Rod. I immediately fell in love with it. I still might buy one some day - but I went with a Dyna for now...
Well - good luck with your search. They hopefully aren't too expensive / rare in your area. If you're interested in a little history - the V-Rod has an interesting story. It was the end result of Harley's brief entry into the superbike world in the early 90s. I'd love them to make a movie about this similar to Ford v. Ferrari - I think it's an interesting story. (That movie is also fantastic, by the way, if you haven't seen it). https://www.odd-bike.com/2016/03/harley-davidson-vr1000-gods-own-voice.html
I did the regular mtg secret santa this year - I got a great gift and I gave (I thought) a good gift to the person I was matched with, but I never received any sort of confirmation or thank you or anything, which was a little lame... I'd be a little bummed if they didn't like it.
That's a good idea - ask around. Also - I don't know how active things like Facebook marketplace / craigslist are (or if there's some sort of local equivalent), but that's where I see a lot of motorcycles for sale (facebook marketplace, especially).
really? I was just thinking how weird he looked
Is this a Dreamworks movie trailer?
Agreed - the lights don't line up with the lights on the buildings, so this is some post processing and/or composite. It also looks like some sort of pixel sorting effect.
No worries. I already emailed the guy and got the details. Thanks, though.
Also, your 30s. Which are the same as your 20s, except random body parts start to hurt for no reason and you have way less energy.
What is a photo vault?
I'm pretty sure that's every company. Every company I've ever worked for, anyway.
San Junipero, here we come!
I'm over here living in the stone age still not even really understanding what venmo is.
I have actually 0 wildcards of any type right now. update: I have no idea why I was downvoted for the truth. I really didn't have any wildcards at the time...
Pretty much any modular medium format camera has an option for a waist level finder. Bronicas are much cheaper. There were also a few 35mm cameras with waist level finders.
I don't know anybody happy about it - it's just the way it is and there's nothing that can be done about it, so eventually you just let all your hopes and dreams die. Or, you can think about it this way - your work pays for your life - it is not your life. It's like school - it's something you have to do 8 hours a day, 5 days a week, then you can go home and have fun.
my retirement calculator says I can retire at 87
Unless you own a big farm and have everyone else do the work - my wife's friend's husband owns a few farms and they have multiple houses, fancy cars, private jets, etc.
I've had a few different careers that all fit that description
Yeah, only 55 years away!
I've seen this style a lot lately.
The photo screens at my local amusement park have giant words/watermarks on them and you can barely even figure out where you are.
Photoshop
Hahahahahahahaha hahahahaha... 4 minutes and 50 seconds later Hahaha.
No, you don't need a licence and some places will deliver, but I'd highly suggest taking the MSF course first
I always get frustrated with autofocus for pretty much all lenses/cameras, so I always just manual focus. It's easier for me.
Yeah, that's why I gave up a while back. I still play for about a week every major update, but that's it. I gave up getting invested because it wasn't worth it anymore.
I get it - on my Canon 6D, I replaced the focusing screen with a split prism one. On my X-T1, I use the dual viewfinder EVF mode which has a smaller, zoomed in image to check focus. It's super useful. Maybe the X-T20 offers the same thing. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uwDtxbGHy-w
It's a throwback to Unglued Unhinged will always have my favorite mtg lands of all time, but these look pretty good.
that's the real problem - everywhere I go it's T1 decks. Where's the creativity? The Play queue should be full of weirdo decks like mine.
agreed - I love the throwback frame and they're still full art
I actually think the Unhinged lands are my favorite lands of all time.
boxy, slow, probably brown/tan Look into "Malaise era cars" You could also look at late 70s / early 80s Civics / other Japanese commuter cars For the US - 70s cars like the Chevette, Pinto, Mustang II, etc would probably be cheap in the early/mid 80s. Everything would probably be rusted out. Tears in the vinyl seats. Cracked dashboards.
The crazy thing is a lot of these older telephoto lenses are triplets - meaning they only have 3 elements. I have no idea if that's true for this one, but I have a couple old telephoto lenses that are huge beasts that are triplets (like the Tair-3)
tunnel buddies
a n g e r y b o y e
I've heard the term "elephant in the room", but I've never heard about not talking about the elephant in the room.
DOA3 definitely did - I specifically remember that one. You could turn it off in the settings.
oh right! I forgot about that franchise, but I actually preferred it to the other options of the time. I do remember that having pressure sensitive passing.
You'll be fine. Games you own digitally are tied to your account, so you can just redownload them. Funds are also tied to your account. Save files are uploaded to the cloud, so those are also tied to your account.
The save files being backed up is enabled by default, but if you disabled it (or played while not connected to the internet), then those might not be available, but that's obviously not the usual case.
Also boomers: Why are millennials killing all these industries? spoiler alert: it's because we're broke
I've been playing for like a year (and playing mtg since the 90s) and I've never made it out of gold. lol
that's why there are so many options to avoid just top decking for multiple turns - scry / surveil / draw / tutors / play the top card of your library / etc
Did they ever implement anything like that for FM7? I haven't played multiplayer in either game for a while.
Does FH4 still have those crappy freeroam rush races between the real races?
I guess it's better than nothing, but I prefer how they did it in FH3 where it wasn't an actual race, it was just for fun and a few bonus points.
Can you do multiplayer races on the expansion islands? I could never figure out how to do it.
Thanks, that's what I thought. It's a bummer, because I prefer the map of Fortune island to the first island.
Don't give Trump any ideas.
I thought that game used the triggers for accel/brake
MGS3 never had an OG Xbox release
MGS2: Subsistance did, but 3 wasn't on an Xbox console until the HD remaster. I know because I wasn't able to play it until I got a PS2 in like 2007.
I've built maybe 40 decks
Same. I like gold. Bronze/silver are starter decks and gold has decent variety.
My dad has that exact bike (same color and everything). It was my grandpa's.
oh, right - I saw "Subsistence" and was alike - alright, that must mean MGS2 is the other one... then typed "Subsistence" anyway...
www.youtube.com/kinggamereview
thanks :)
I feel that way every day. But I do take a random day off every couple months to relax.
The weekend is when I have time to do all the stuff I need to do for my personal life - chores,errands,shopping,etc. My weekends are usually more busy/stressful than my work week.
same
I've been doing this for years (between cameras of different brands - same as you - Canon and Fuji) and I personally have had 0 problems.
The quick brown fox might have jumped over the lazy dog, but he can't run from the law.
I plan my route before leaving or of I'm going on a long trip I tape a map to my tank.
For real. 80k is what I paid for my house ...
JoJo Rabbit was a fantastic movie.
Penny Dreadful - you can get an entire deck for less than a dollar.
I have a Primoplan, which I really like. It's my only Meyer Optic lens, though. I stopped on 50s Leica / Voigtlander lenses. I have a few older Zeiss lenses, too (and the Topcor 58 1.4, which is the basis for the modern Voigtlander Nokton 58 1.4) When I pick one lens to take with me, it's typically the Leica Summitar or Voigtlander Nokton 50mm f/1.5 (from the 50s, not the modern ones) For people looking for some swirl, I still don't think you can beat the Biotar (or a Helios).
To be fair, I bought it at the end of the recession as a foreclosure. Houses in my neighborhood sell for around 150k. (Good ol' Midwest)
I'm surprised the insurance isn't doing everything. I've been in two accidents (and my wife's been in one) and we didn't have to do anything for any of them. We contacted insurance and they did the rest.
oh yeah, I forgot about the Pentacon. It's pretty decent. I picked one up like 10 years ago for maybe $10-$20. I don't use it very often because I have lenses I prefer (and I typically go with rangefinder lenses on my mirrorless camera due to size), but if you can find the Pentacon for cheap, it's definitely worth picking up.
yep - I have Geico. I was able to get my car home the last wreck I got in, but they took care of getting the car towed to the shop and everything else involved.
He's figured out how to print his own money. He's either some sort of secret genius or has the best manager/agent in the business. Also, the last Netflix movies are regarded as his worst, but I honestly didn't think they were that bad. Yes, they were dumb, but I laughed. Jack &amp; Jill was pretty bad. I think there were a few in the 2000s that were just mostly boring. If they're dumb, at least they'll get a laugh out of me - but his more family oriented movies were very boring.
r/swordorsheath This person looks like my aunt
I skipped it
Nani and Chel top tier
JAMMA - pretty much any game since the mid 80s will work. There are also tons of cheap jamma multi-game boards if you just want to play a ton of arcade games. I have an older Pandora's Box with over 500 games in one of my cabinets and it was a great value for like $50
Same here in KC. I can't find any mention of it in hundreds of miles.
Yeah, well, at least core 2021 is focusing on Teferi... Oh, wait....
Old enchantment subtype - enchant world Old non-evergreen keyword - bands with other Card with a lot of reprints - I'm hoping Llanowar Elves
Non-evergreen - anyone say Shadow?
So - like my sister's landlord, except this guy follows pricing. My sis' landlord owned a game store in the 90s, but hasn't kept up with prices. He just gave her a Gaea's Cradle for her commander deck because "it would be good in there". He thought it was like a $20 card. He has a handful of lotuses and moxen that he thinks are worth a couple hundred bucks each. He gave my brother-in-law a mox sapphire for his bday last year thinking it was worth like $100... I think he gave it back, though, knowing the guy made a mistake.
Draft packs (3 boosters) are still $35/each. That comes to $280 for a 24 pack box... still the best price. When the boxes were $300 - that meant the box toppers were $10. Now, they're basically charging $150 for 2 box toppers. Buy draft packs.
that's the same image. Either way, I'm not really sure.
Weird. When I click that link I just see one image
Run 4 of these and the rest of the deck full of copy creature effects.... Then shock yourself and add 10 new players on your team.
If you think you will get a title bump this review cycle, I personally would probably wait a couple months until the review cycle is over, and move on after you get your title bump.
Did you make the pieces, or buy them? I've tried to find pieces online, and one small section is like $100 per track piece.
I've only been to Jack Stack once and had the ribs. They were possibly the worst ribs I've ever had. Super dry and almost no meat.
Yeah - I've lived in KC for about the same amount of time (our family moved here in '97), but I hadn't been to Jack Stack until a few years ago and I definitely wasn't impressed - especially for the price.
it was the freight house location
mine are all over the place. Sometimes I'll start a download and it'll immediately be 200-300 mbps, other times it'll hang around 100-200 kbps (yes, kilos) for like 10 minutes, then start going up (reaching 100+ mbps)... other times it'll stay around 10-20 mbps indefinitely.... it seems very random...
This + [[Searing Wind]]
I found that out right now
I agree with you. All bbq is expensive now. I just expected more for my money. All I got was some dried out mummy ribs. I'll stick to the Arthur Bryant's rib tip &amp; fries special...
And if the supply was higher, they would be cheap
I opened one box of Fate Reforged back in the day. I pulled two Ugins (and only one fetch land). One foil one non foil. I sold the non foil a couple years ago. I never sold the foil (got a couple low offers, but never sold). I'll just keep it now. Selling the first one paid for two-thirds of the box, anyway.
I get that error sometimes when playing borderlands 3 in 4k mode, or playing fallout 76. I think it's just due to poor optimization. Something happens in the game that causes the CPU temperature to spike or something so it shuts off
r/13or30
That's so bizarre... I thought beans and tomato made it chili... The only other ingredient is meat... "I don't need any got danged rabbit food with my meat. I ain't no commie, I tell you what"
It can be done, sure - my Dyna is my first/only bike. I've had it for 4 years with no trouble. I'm not saying it's a good or bad idea, just that it's possible. I've never dropped it. The low seat height makes it easy to flat food - I've never felt unsteady on it. You can get some cheap crash bars so if you accidentally drop it in the garage/ at a light it won't damage anything (except maybe your pride) and will be easy to pick back up.
to be fair - that's every job I've had, not just Cerner
yeah - it's the opposite of how it was "back in the day" - companies used to reward people for their loyalty and people were "lifers", now companies don't see the need to pay people more for doing the same job, so the only real way to get a raise is to switch companies. This isn't a Cerner problem, it's just the way things are now. The biggest thing keeping me at Cerner is my team. I genuinely enjoy everybody I work with. My manager, my manager's manager, my manager's manager's manager, all my coworkers, etc - all of them are great. I've worked at enough different companies to realize that enjoying your work environment / the people you work with is exceptionally rare and is worth the small raises, at least for the time being, anyway.
anything that can run photoshop/lightroom will be fine. I could run those on my terrible old work laptop.
This is a single image....
I seriously doubt those light scratches will have any effect on photos.
Where's Kiwami 2?
Maybe? I have a few old lenses with fungus - and the only effect I notice is some lower contrast / extra flare without a lens hood. I suppose heavy scratches - especially on the rear element could cause the blurriness, but I have a couple old lenses with some serious scratches that makes the image look lower contrast/hazy, not really blurry. It might be an internal element that shifted out of place slightly or something.
This is the Le Pera Stubs Cafe seat. I think single seats look great, but it's definitely much less comfortable.
Yeah, there were some other seats I was looking at, but didn't want to spend $400-$500+ on a seat.
My download speeds on my Xbox are very inconsistent. Sometimes it'll immediately start downloading at 200 to 300 mbps. sometimes it'll start at 1 to 10 Mbps like you are saying and then after like 10 minutes, it'll go up. Sometimes I'll start in the 100-200 kbps (yes, kilo), then go up. Sometimes it'll never go above 10-ish mbps. It seems totally random.
she looka like a man
As others have said, it's almost definitely a lens from an enlarger.
what a bunch of morons
N
N
O
E
F
E
Z
L
C
S
Y
U
yeah - I have 5tb on my XboneX and it's still always full.
Is that a 944 or 968? Love it!
Obvious sheaths
I've seen a lot of posts like this lately. My launch day Xbone's power supply died last year - similar symptoms. Replacing it fixed it. I'm guessing with all the posts about power supply problems, maybe they only last like 5-7 years.
Then return it to the store and get a replacement. There are warranties for a reason - I guess you just got unlucky with a faulty unit. That's my perspective, anyway.
KC represent! 😂😵😭😭😭
This + [[Voracious Hydra]] + [[Simic Ascendancy]] Pay 7 (X=5), and you win - Hydra comes out with 20 counters.
Right, of course. It (and the player) would have to survive until the next upkeep
Ok, thanks. That's what I needed to know. I'll see if I can bend it back or look into replacing it.
I'd be fine with that - having a separate jumpstart queue where you play the jumpstart format and keep the cards. I want to play jumpstart, anyway.
I think I have like 3 common wildcards and that's it. I have 67 decks. Any time I think of some weird jank deck, I blow all my wildcards then realize it's terrible.
I'd put this in my sliver commander deck.
Thanks for this. I've owned a Vectrex for a few years and mine looks like this and I never knew. Thankfully I haven't played it too much, so I don't think I've caused any damage. I'll go check out that knob next time I go out to the garage.
About a month ago I posted about making it to Platinum for the first time with my mutate deck. Well, historic season rolled around again and one of my favorite cards of all time was added - Mirari's Wake. I started with four copies of that and just built a deck around it. This deck has been through several iterations, but this seems to be the best performing one so far. I'm not saying it's a great deck, but I am proud I made it to mythic with a deck I built myself and using a card that has personal significance for me (I pulled a Mirari's wake during a prerelease tournament when I was a kid and I did the best I've ever done in a prerelease - 3rd place)
Yeah, ultimatums are a lot of fun
I only play best of one
I usually can't afford the two damage. This deck is basically "survive until turn 5". Plus, I don't have any wildcards left and I only have one or two breeding pools.
I was running 20 lands through mid-diamond. I only added two so I didn't have to mulligan as often.
I hit platinum about a month ago. I hit diamond a week or two ago.
I'm not really sure. I'd maybe experiment with more Uro or Ulamogs, but I might just end up going back to 2...
to get through my deck faster once I have a billion mana. I tried different options like great henge and beast whisperer, but Golos seems to work better since I can activate it multiple times and it helps me ramp a little bit. Plus, casting Ulamog for free lets me exile 2 things (when it comes up via the ultimatum, I usually choose to put it in my hand).
Around 35k. I bought it a few years ago with around 15k. And thanks - I try to take good care of it.
My dad recently bought this bike for a hardtail bobber project. I look forward to posting the "after" version of this bike somewhere down the line.
Same here - it's been very reliable.
There are definitely some changes I could make, but the deck keeps winning, so I haven't spent too much time modifying it. Just small changes here and there. I used to have 2 Genesis and 2 Inspired. I also used to have a few X damage red burn spells. Sharknado could probably work.
Same - I always loved that card and it was an auto-include in pretty much every deck I built.
It is very loud. I rode withy dad this weekend and I could hear his bike over mine... Even when he was behind me. The previous owner must have removed and baffles (or they just broke down or something). Also, this is an 85 - so it's the last year of the ironhead in the Sportsters.
Yeah. Every deck I build I start with 20 lands and go from there. I hate being flooded... So I remove lands.... But I hate getting screwed, so I add ramp/mana dorks.... So basically I've been playing green decks for 20+ years....
I think the big twin models got the Evo in 85. I'm not sure about the transmission - I didn't think to ask.
Gotta love it when that happens
Yeah, I'm not necessarily a Harley guy, but I have enjoyed owning this Dyna.
Lol. They never see it coming. Me - all green stuff on the board, then wham! I blow up all their non-lands, then play Ulamog and exile two of their lands...
I don't think I do anything special. I just clean it when it gets dirty and use Mother's chrome polish that I picked up at Walmart ... I only wash it once or twice a riding season, but I'll wash/wipe off mud/bugs when I notice them - just little spot cleaning here and there. It was in near-mint condition when I bought it a few years ago, so I've just tried to keep it that way (I've swapped out some parts - seat, shocks, bars, grips, signals, lights are new)
Ummm, actually - I use the Mirage basics. That's a crucial part of this deck. Lolol
I'd say they're medium (for a Harley). My dad has an 85 Sportster that's much louder (stock exhaust, but he thinks the baffles broke down/fell out/ or were removed by the previous owner)
Oh, don't worry about that. I was just being dumb.
Lol, your secret is safe with me. I never think my bike is loud until I hear a Japanese bike. I'm like man - those things are so quiet. That might be nice sometimes.... I need to get a second bike...
Lol. Yeah, if I get 3 lands in an opening hand I consider myself lucky. I'll usually keep a hand with 2 lands (as long as I have one other mana producing thing) and just hope for the best.
Oh, for sure. I'm mostly thinking about stock exhaust. My neighbor used to have some older 1000cc Honda with aftermarket exhaust that was very loud.
Oh, for sure. This deck really needs to get to 5... And I've stalled out with 4 many times (opening hand with 2 lands, an elf, and a chromatic lantern)...then no lands for like 5 turns.
Yeah, that is true. I don't like bo3. I also don't usually have time to play that many games in one sitting - the games take so much longer.
Yep....
Yeah, I don't think I have the attention span for bo3
Yeah, there are a few decks it gets destroyed by
Most of this deck's life was 20 lands. I just recently added 2
I only play bo1. However, of I were to add a sideboard, I'd add some cheaper removal and/or some cheap blockers to help fend off speedy decks.
Possibly a lantern, then use that and an existing druid/elf to play another druid.
Im not sure. I'd guess it's around 50%-ish? It's not great, I just got a lot of lucky winning streaks and the rank-down protection saved me from ranking down too much during losing streaks. I actually think it took me more time to get through Platinum than it took me to get through diamond.
Well, when I was 32 I thought it was all pepperoni.
You do the same thing in your 30s, but you have random aches and pains.
So Amazon designed the fetchlands secret lair. Now we know.
I made it to mid-plat with a standard mutate deck. I made it to mid-diamond with a version of this deck that had some red x-damage burn spells, so I'd ramp up, then do 20+ damage. I swapped those out because too often I'd be stuck with like 10-15 mana and no other way to finish them off. I kept iterating and this was the version I was currently using when I made it into mythic.
That's nuts. I'm not very mechanically skilled, and I was able to swap bars myself pretty easily. I can't imagine paying someone a few hundred to over a thousand dollars for that...
That makes more sense. The response to "where's Ross" was always "he's working on this one cartoon for like 50 years".
We have color coded stickers here in the US (my state, anyway), but you renew your registration every 2 years. So, in theory, you could renew your plates, then stop paying for insurance and have valid plates work no insurance for two years. It's illegal to drive without insurance, but the plates would be legal. Also, people drive around with expired played all the time and just hope for the best. Police have more important things to do most of the time so likely people will only have an extra fine tacked on if they get pulled over for something else.
ME!
And that extra money's not stopping them from laying anybody off.
Possibly a bad power supply. New ones are pretty cheap. I had to replace mine last year.
I thought the twist would be that he was there for the mom and they were going to run upstairs together.
:( :( :(
That's why I never fought back/defended myself. I didn't want to get in trouble.
Sonic Blast (GG/Master System - not to be confused with 3D Blast) is extra terrible.
:( I liked 8 bit Sonic 2. Sonic Blast is one of my least favorite games just I general. Not even just Sonic games.
SRL was one of my favorite parts of D1
I'd like to win that - sounds great
So it's just a DIY Paradisa set? Pretty cool :)
Are you bars/risers fully tightened down? I was having a similar issue and a couple screws in the handlebar clamp were very slightly loose (quarter turn or less). I tightened those and the bar vibes are gone.
I thought he was going to get run over by a car.
Yeah, I figured - it's just always good to rule out the simple stuff first.
Same. I'm like "I just bought these a couple months ago for $90. I can't do it."
Nice! Thanks for the info
a n g e r y
The ol' Qbert
So like going from D1 to D2?
I lost interest after losing everything between games. If anything we collect gets lost, then there's no point in getting it in the first place.
Ah, so that's why my inspections are 2-3 minutes.... Lol
