We'd have murdered each other to extinction in prehistory.
It's clearly a roll and not a loop.
Yeah, really. Now there's a real pretend attorney general **and** a pretend pretend attorney general?
On the plus side there wasn't a mountain sitting on top they blew up first...
There are likely not packs for PvE release, since there's nothing in the patch. There weren't any for Boomsday's either. I think they wised up to the fact that this sub was like 90% complaints about be forced to clear the quest by taking a break from tryharding on ladder.
yES, YES, Yes, he'll still be able to fly his drone too. No worries.
During the Magic Online Championship Series in 2013, the servers completely died in, I believe, the last round, and the event could not be finished. Kibler was near the top of the leaderboard. Instead of resuming, the event was rescheduled fresh for a time Kibler couldn't make it. Needless to say he was quite unhappy, and more or less quit MTGO for the then-budding Hearthstone where he makes mad $$$.
Oh man, he's so cool. I wish I was that cool.
The Game Night Box sounds like it was made specifically for your group - except you have one too many players. IMO, you don't really want two sets. The decks are fine and all, and you should not run into any problems mixing and matching. That's part of the problem though - the decks are just fine - you'll get a few weeks of play from them before getting bored or moving on to bigger and better Magic things. 6+ players is also an important break point where games start to really bog down, and chaos and confusion ramps up. You're probably better off playing two 3- to 4-player games, especially for new and new-ish players. There were a few box sets released in recent years you may also look into - Explorers of Ixalan, Planechase Anthology (maybe Archenemy: Nicol Bolas). They include some extra game modes, but work ok just as decks you can pull out and play on their own. You might consider one Game Night set and one of those. Split your group in two - the new players can start with Game Night, the old players with the other. In a week or two you should have enough experience for the new players to play either - none of those others are super complex decks, though they are slightly more powerful and require a little more thought and skill. As a bonus, the extra game modes should partially relieve the aforementioned boredom and bigger and better things mode
How many cookie-cutter movies do they pump out a year now? It's crazy, I've seen like ten new Christmas movies pop up in the shadier parts of the internet since Thanksgiving. Though who exactly is illegally downloading Hallmark movies remains a mystery...
&gt;He was basically the one to bring corridor creeper into the light. Firebat is good and all, but this was Zalae, Muzzy, and Chakki destroying a team tournament immediately after release by building every deck around Corridor Creeper.
She was topless? I've never made it past that lip bite.
1 Gral, 1 Hireek, 1 Gonk. NA, Europe, Asia.
Murloc Priest, what a world it is. Has there ever been a Murloc Priest deck before? I can't recall one.
It'd be more like not teaching them the location of California. But at the same time California is a part of pop-culture, even in Europe, and Ukraine, well, isn't, so they're eventually going to learn about California on their own.
History has suggested those are the most likely cards to not make the cut in whatever the final version of the deck will be. They do seem more appealing with Zul'jin, but I wouldn't craft either at this point if I didn't have the dust to spare. IMO some sort of hybrid with some minions is more likely to prevail, there's just no way running chaff like Wing Blast over a handful of powerful minions is going to be the best build.
A print shop probably won't make it since OP doesn't own the images, at least one with competent employees won't. It might be possible to use one of those self-kiosks some places have, if there's one that even prints poster size.
Nah, brother. It all went wrong when they got rid of Mono Artifacts.
They aren't out yet.
Correct. It's like one giant gay orgy from Lviv to Kiev to the Black Sea and beyond, as far as the eye can see.
Until late Sunday, server time.
+1 for BitchPigeons
Cooking meth doesn't make you a scientist, just like performing back-alley abortions doesn't make you a doctor.
&gt;That's what happens when you throw a car down a mountain with you still inside it *after they've already spent years repairing you from the time you literally blew up in a car going 300 mph.*
I've lost to this deck when it gets Keleseth on two (because you can just autofill a deck and win with Keleseth-Lifetap in Warlock), otherwise it seems pretty mediocre and way too janky.
/r/mapswithagimpyflorida
No acknowledgement whatsoever of the competitive edge \#OurColores will give them. Typical /r/baseball haters.
Hey, man when you're triggered, you're triggered. /r/conservative just can't help it when they get triggered, its really your fault for triggering them.
Honey boycott incoming to protect from teh autism. edit: Actually, fuck that. I'll start the boycott myself and make millions off stupid people.
I can't say I understand dropping the Pro Tour name.
That is one hell of a tweetstorm. Something hella juicy coming in today's releases.
&gt;I guess we could have allocated more resources to aiding the Chinese, but would that have even really effected the course of the war in the Pacific? I suppose, theoretically, the US could stage in India for a massive land invasion of Burma and Southeast Asia and then direct conflict in China. I don't know why you'd do that since it doesn't really get you any closer to the Japanese mainland or retaking the Philippines, nor significantly disrupt supplies to Japan, but it would have been possible.
&gt; And, to be fair, the main thing that prevented the economy from sinking into depression in 1929 was the banks closing down Markets regularly suspend stock and other trading as well during panics. Nothing to see here yet.
&gt; So adding 15 years of cards doesn't take 60x as long as one set, but much less. Adding the cards to MTGA has never been the problem - its getting them into the hands of players. f2p card games generally support the ability to keep up with one or two current meta decks at a time as the sets are released - more decks the more willing you are to shell out cash. At the same time, there's almost no leeway for adding old sets and old formats without requiring players spending a ludicrous amount of cash to get the wildcards needed to craft the decks, and unless you're an uber-whale you sure as shit won't be dropping the even more ludicrous 10k or whatever on to open them in packs from all the old sets. With MTGO you could buy into a deck, sell it when you're done or when it loses steam or gets banned, and easily assemble a new decks with usually only a slight loss, or possibly even a profit. They weren't cheap but you could play different decks constantly for little more than your initial investment. On MTGA that's your deck forever as the game is currently configured and even if some trade-in system becomes available you should expect to recoup 25% of the "value" as in Hearthstone. Infinite grinders, streamers, and maybe some really dedicated pros will be the only ones able to play Eternal on MTGA, barring some drastic change that are unlikely since that would just eat into the potential cash-cow that is rotating digital Standard. More importantly, they don't want you playing a non-rotating format, they want you paying for each new set rather than using your f2p wildcards to craft the one or two eternal format relevant cards from Standard sets (even an Arena Modern will only exist because they can't tell players your old cards are unplayable without pissing people off). That said, I don't hold any illusions that MTGO is going to be around in five-years, even if MTGO isn't already being planned for obsolescence, which I'm nearly certain it is in two or three years. I've said before that someone at Hasbro is eventually going to look at the books and ask why they are spending money to support two separate platforms for the same game. That one supports one small, niche audience will be irrelevant, as it always is at the mercy of the free market. I sold everything of value that wasn't pauper playable the day they announced they were discontinuing Duels - not that my collection was terribly impressive - the writing was on the wall. Hopefully we'll get the ability to Cube on MTGA - nearly free Cube drafts would be the one good take-away. Of course, if prices on MTGO fall far enough it could be perfectly healthy until then - at, say, $500 for two years of playing all my choice decks in Legacy and Commander - rather than just the current one or two available for that amount- is a fine deal even if the cards. and my money, disappear into nothingness one day down the road.
MagicFest is fine, a bit awkward and for the love of God add a space in there so its nor all one word, but it does serve to differentiate that a Grand Prix has become much more, some on the scale of a full-blown geek convention, rather than a single tournament. Mythic Championship seems unnecessary...what was wrong with calling it the Tabletop Pro Tour and Online Pro Tour? The history is already there. Someone in Hasbro marketing really likes the word 'mythic' I guess. Mythic Rare, Mythic Edition, Mythic Championship, (also Mythic Masters coming Winter 2020, calling it now).
I was hired to manage a newly opened pizzeria one year back in the day. The owner really went all in, Italian decor, authentic handmade family-recipie sauces, imported Italian cheeses, you name it, it was all there. The problem? He opened it right in the heart of Appalachia. You know what the number one requested topping is in West Virginia? Yellow Cheddar Cheese. Wanna guess number two? Yeap, you guessed it Prosciutto. Nah just kidding, it's Ground fucking Beef. Why? Who the fuck knows. Hilbbillies and Rednecks love some Yellow Cheddar Ground Beef Pizza. Everytime someone would freak out that we didn't serve BBQ chicken pizza or tell us we should offer white sauce (read: canned "Alfredo" sauce) or we couldn't throw in a pint of Ranch dipping sauce, the owner would die a little inside.
Just in time to elect a Democrat to spend 8 years fixing the problem so idiots can elect a Republican to start a new recession.
They didn't exactly go to great lengths to mask the identity of Individual 1, did they?
I don't know, I don't think we can rule out Jimmy Carter yet.
That shit's gonna be redacted as fuck. We're not even gonna get any adverbs or pronouns. Cohen isn't even in the same league as international war profiteer who knowiingly lied in a plea agreement Manafort.
A condo is just a house and Jimmy Carter builds houses. A condo tower for the corrupt leftist organization Habitat for Humanity in Moscow in this case. I'm just saying open your eyes sheeple! All the pieces are there.
You know what they call that? Conspiracy Against the United States. That's literally its legal name.
Cut him some slack, man. You'd be deflecting too if your personal lawyer, who was also the personal lawyer to the President, was going to prison for half a decade.
No man, they don't pee on him, they only pee on the hotel bed while he watches.
Beast Hunter has been giving me fits. I've played well over a hundred games now, in at least a dozen iterations, trying to make Beast Hunter work and I just can't make it happen. I couldn't climb at all on main account, I was winning maybe 30% of my games at rank 5, so I even resorted to the lower levels on my alt before I keep hitting a wall at rank 16 and dropping back. It seems to do things that are too fair. Half the time I can't even beat the memes, much less low tier stuff like Gonk and Discolock. Springpaw has not impressed me terribly so far. Its a worse, more expensive Candleshot that sometimes buffs a Scavenging Hyena. You feel really bad if its your only one drop on turn one. You skip turn 1 or you make a really underwhelming minion, Either way you still feel pretty bad about playing it. Even into a Razormaw you just feel slightly less bad. Unless you save Scavenging Hyena for a combo, it seems to die for free to basically every 2/3 and 3/3 and hero power in the game, its not like its glory days. Revenge is not as good as the hype, but not as bad as the doubters predicted, basically fine. But it can really fuck with your hand, its a card you want to see midgame and not in your mulligan. Overall, you're left with a really weak early game in a deck that really wants a snowballing early game. Bearshark is a big yes. My winrate plummeted even further when I tried a few dozen games without it. It carries against Odd Mage, especially. Halazzi is fine. It's not a great play but you're not usually unhappy to see it.
Pssst..nobody tell him about extradition treaties. It'll be funnier that way.
A Bromance for the ages. Someone should make a movie. It's got it all cultural differences, religious conflict, but they get over it all to bond over their shit-tons of money.
Also they can get stuck in your wheel well and stop the car while their friends beat, rape, and/or murder you.
There are all kinds of reasons kids don't have lunches. Left their money on the counter, had it stolen, lost it on the bus. Forgot to stop and get cash so they tell them to get a school lunch. Guardians couldn't be bothered or weren't competent or literate enough to fill out the qualification forms. Parents in Massive Debt. And lots of reasons kids who don't qualify for free lunch can't afford one: crazy parents, sick parents, dead parents. My family went, literally overnight, from comfortably middle class to my brothers and I bouncing around from family member to family member. Thankfully all of them cared enough to make sure we got fed, but it could have easily been different. Feed the god-damn kids, rich or poor, they're fucking kids. Don't stress them for things beyond their control.
I disconnect constantly. My internet just sucks in the middle of nowhere.
Was that ever in dispute?
I disagree. DK Rexxar beats both in a late-game battle, pretty easily usually. You eventually put too much stuff on the board and overwhelm them no matter how many Water Elementals or demon taunts or health swings they can throw up. Rexxar is currently more than capable of keeping up with the healing and more likely to outlast either in a fatigue battle.
I'm just glad Wade Boggs isn't alive to see this trajedy.
Try HALLrold. Deal with it nerds. 1600+ Ribees. That's a Hall of Famer. Not one of your pussy new age players. Oh, but he has a 1.97 xFIP+? Here's some random letters: PSA no one cares.
Clearly leading him on. Did none of you even see the exclamation mark after his name?
That's Unnamed Gun Right Orginization 1 to you.
Index finger at top, thumb at the bottom and rotate 90 degrees, re-position your fingers and rotate the other 90 degrees. Helps prevent it from spinning out of control, going flying across the table like just using one finger to spin it will do. The two short rotations are better, long-term, for the wrist too.
Have you accidentally switched to a different server? Make sure you are on whichever of North America, Europe, or Asia you originally played on. That's most often the cause.
Charging you $60 for stuff that costs $5.99 on the interwebs.
Adult babies can be gay too.
&gt;Ideally it would take two moves, but it often comes down to about three or even more, depending on the surface, wind direction, and air humidity. That is perfectly acceptable. There's absolutely nothing wrong with admitting your hands are too small to do a full 90 degrees at once. It doesn't make you any less of a man. In fact I applaud your bold admission and bravery.
Little know fact: If you stay very, very still, Democrats will be unable to see you and investigate just what you were up to in those airport bathrooms.
They're not really going to care if you play it or that its not substantially different upon implementation, they just want you to not be pissed your cards are now unusable. The money is, and always has been, in Standard. Even if they added cards from several sets back, they're not going to do it all at once, it would likely take several years.
Tuva
At this point its mostly nationalism and outdated thinking, but there is still some strategic and, especially, economic value. For example Russia cares about the Baltics and Crimea not only for historical reasons, but also because they abut two of the country's primary outlets to the sea and could therefore be used to block both its navy and, more importantly, sea trade.
But why though? I guess the Tories hate the EU more than chaos, confusion, and absurdity.
RIP Wallet.
The specials and road trips were always the best part anyways, though I'll miss the studio banter. Its does seem a bit odd they'd keep doing the physically intense stuff at their rapidly advancing ages (Richard excluded though he seems to have his own medical stuff from, you know, blowing up and driving of a cliff) and ditch the easy interviews and reviews.
There is a 0% chance Donald Trump has any concept of right or wrong, except maybe that things he does are right and things he doesn't like are wrong.
That's why I have credit cards. As long as I keep at least $2400 below my credit limit I can, simultaneously, still live far beyond my means and feel superior to people who don't have $2400.
It's a Federal Court House, there are secure entrances and exits. You have to be able to bring prisoners in and protect lawyers and witnesses in dangerous cases.
They are besties.
Umm, I think you're forgetting about Jesus Christ, the Only Begotten Son of God.
I suppose at least the client kicked it before round nine. That's progress...kinda.
No returns sounded imminent when Maro did his plane design roundup list thingy last month. Its possible he didn't want to spoil anything, but even the most likely to see a return (Mirrodin/New Phyrexia) was rated pretty low and he pointed out numerous problems. IMO we're going to see a year of three one-and-done new planes to kick off the post-Gatewatch, post-Bolas era.
Only if you preordered in a LGS for pickup.
If it was still 2007, I imagine Pirates fans would probably be really excited.
Soros has been a right-wing boogeyman in the United States for decades. General conspiracy nonsense mostly, often featuring thinly veiled references to being Jewish. Name an issue in American politics and you can find a conspiracy that George Soros is funding/directing it. It was big on right-wing talk radio in the 90s and early 00s. Died down a quite bit when they had 8 years of Obama to vilify, but has come back with a vengeance in the last two years.
A stock portfolio.
Something like the previous game director leaving and finally being replaced a couple months ago perhaps?
It runs but the performance pretty iffy, especially if there's a lot going on. on my low-end laptop. The bigger issue is my shitty internet that dumps me from every game since the reconnect feature sucks and it requires me to re-login most times which takes forever since the aforementioned iffy performance.
&gt; hasn't exercised his entire adult life Fucking porn stars is hard work, bro. You try it sometime.
How has this dude not had a heart attack yet?
Spellbreaker you say?
Good. fuck the mothergloop. I've probably had more dungron runs ended by that nonsense than any other boss.
Sadly, the days of smoking crack then making absurdly bad deals are long past for the Angels front office. I still can't decide if Vernon Wells or Josh Hamilton was worse.
Druid's identity of being able to do everything, better than the class that's supposed to do it, and also three turns faster?
Mike Trout is priceless, bitch. (unless that price is his own weather news station)
I'd want to get out too if I knew pulling a John Kelley and going from hero 4-star general to douchebag general laughing stock was inevitable by sticking around.
Probably? Ain't no probably about it.
The new Congress is sworn in. Not that the Democratic House will have any real power other than some rabble-rousing in the face of a Republican president, Senate, and Supreme Court
What the hell did I just watch?
Not really, 7 mana give your opponent up to 7 cards isn't something you want to be doing in blue/white. You really want the permanent to make it not completely suck. I could maybe, possibly see it if it were red or blue-red, but its still really freaking expensive.
We're not really the ones that you need to prove this to...
Wouldn't it be better to post 'When Eureka goes right' screenshots? Eureka is...well...not a good card.
This subreddit was instrumental to the Great FOMO Bubble of Spring 2018. Rudy may make histrionic scare videos and HODL! bitcoin idiots may have dumped some cash into the next get rich quick sheme but this subreddit enabled it all happen.
My local hobby store had one when I was a kid and started playing early in 1994. I wanted it more than anything but never had the $100 or whatever it was selling for. They still had it in their display case for $350 in 2003 when I stopped by once when I was home from college, but, alas, as a broke college kid I still couldn't muster the cash. I've luckily (or perhaps masochistically) acquired most of the cards one-by-one over the years since then, but its getting ridiculously expensive to assemble the full set in a world where Hypnotic Spectors sell for $20 and I've given up on ever owning the two Moxes I never purchased when they were dirt cheap because I had Unlimited versions.
I'm sold. I didn't even know I wanted an Uppermost Michigan until now, but I NEEEEED it. It's time to invade Canada so we can have it.
It was always going to be that way. You might go on and on about free will and uncertainty principals and the blind randomness of nature. But deep down we all know that's bullshit and it was all predestined all along and all your hopes and dreams are meaningless.
I feel quite strongly that if thieves are able to locate a k-mart to do shady deals behind, then they are entitled to knick anything off my porch, package or otherwise.
&gt; how does the courier prove the package was stolen after delivery rather than not delivered at all? Generally, they're just SOL and they'll send a replacement. They major sellers have all built some amount of fraud and loss into their prices and shipping methods. Without signature confirmation, they can't really prove that your carrier didn't leave it at the neighbors accidentally, drop it out of the truck onto the sidewalk unnoticed, or scanned it but left it still sitting in the truck. If it becomes a recurring problem on your account, they'll just blacklist your account and your address. The culture of just leaving the package wherever does suck for small businesses and eBay sellers though, who get really screwed on occasion. If its something of consequence, they'll probably require you to query the package carrier or file a police report and send them the info about it. People really make package theft out to be a bigger deal than it is though, I've lived some pretty god-damn trashy places, think Appalachian trailer parks and inner city Baltimore, and never had a package stolen. Most often its just straight up fraud, which just changes to claiming it was damaged/mispackaged/incorrcect/whatever instead of lost/stolen/misdelivered. Fraudsters are going to find a way.
Isn't it pretty well documented that he wasn't all there mentally in his later years? I'm not sure how there he was even in his prime, but he definitely lost it after that, first with depression or something and later as a full-blown conspiracy nut.
Sydney to Singapore nonstop was just barely under the maximum operational range of 60s and 70s transcontinental jetliners. It was probably more of an issue of not enough traffic for a single dedicated flight to each of those cities so they stopped a bunch along the way to aggregate various legs into one flight. That was how airlines originally operated, like super long distance train-stops (and it must have been fucking awful), it was mostly phased out by that point in favor of the hub-and-spokes system we have today, but probably kept for such an extreme distance.
If it were cleaned up a bit it would be a great set of apartments. I think its more that its practically falling down than its ugly. It certainly already looks better than 90% of the inhabited generic Soviet-style apartment blocks I remember from visiting the ex-Soviet Union.
This is hilarious and you know it. Don't try to deny it, I know you've already reposted it to your facebook wall. edit: Downvotes, eh? Just accept it, don't pretend otherwise.
Pauper EDH All-star though! What more can you ask for?
It just wants to show you what air travel will revert to under brexit. Is that so wrong?
When you ragequit a half-decade long international security action.
GTFO out bro. This is reddit. Either you're a warmongering commie or a hippie nazi anti-imperialist. There is no room for nuance here.
Gonna be an 'Oh hellz no' on Raza, that shit was bah-roken. Most of the Ancient (get it?) nerfs from the early years would be irrelevant today though. Ah, you give a minion +2 attack this turn at the low cost of a 1-mana, how cute.
Huh... must have missed the Christmas special that year and not realized it. I don't remember any of this. edit: I definitely would have remembered that dress. God-damn.
The former is a legit credit card, with all the protections and regulations. The latter is like an old department store charge card, little more than a line of credit with a high interest rate. Synchrony is so scummy they make Chase look like fine fellows. Watch out for their credit protection or security fees or whatever they're calling them these days which you accidentally opt into and they get to charge you heaps of extra money every month.
I'm not sure there's a word for what Ravnica is. It functions sort of like a Medieval/Early Modern Oligarchy-Republic (think Venice if you're familiar with history) except the families in charge are instead the guilds. There's some similarities to the so-called Free Cities of Germany and the Hanseatic League too where guilds of merchants and craftsmen ruled the city. There are definitely some old articles from OG Ravnica time that reference all those as inspirations for the setting.
Real Catholics know that Christmas doesn't really end until the Feast of the Baptism of the Lord. Feast of the Epiphany is for amateurs.
Blend them into a smoothie to adsorb thier power.
THIS IS AMERICA GOD-DAMNIT! SPEAK ENGLISH!
Damn commie baseball writers.
They're also like 10 people out of 7 billion in the world. If you're worried about the insane mods of a some minor subreddit destroying your libertarian paradise you have bigger things to worry about.
I still just click at through shit at random after five years. What does set realm focus do? Fuck if I know. Just this week I learned an alternative way to build forts from a youtube video that started autoplaying while I went to grab a glass of water.
&gt; Does it get better than episode 1 Nah. It's all pretty medicore, thankfully not egregiously bad like the Taskmaster adaptation, but you can do better with your time. Like every other time someone tries to adapt non-*The Office* British comedy styles, for some reason it just doesn't translate. The US doesn't have a pool of comedians experienced in doing panel shows and it all comes off as either part of a bad stand-up rountine or part of a bad improv skit.
Oh yeah, I have seen that event. I've never put two and two together to realize it wasn't really random. I'm not really a min-maxer, so I'm mostly content letting things fall as they may, so to speak, and seeing where it goes. I'd rather just bump the difficulty down to Normal rather than worrying about squeezing out every last +1 stat and 10% modifier from the engine.
How does that work? Did someone out there get Lego as thier giftee? What do even you get a multi-billion dollar international toy conglomerate's PR department? Tax breaks in Congress? A few hundred acres of land for a new theme park? A year's supply of some obscure color plastic they'll let sit in the closet?
And you're not even gonna drop a link? Where's the fucking holiday cheer?
Starving your uncle to death? That is some Crusader Kings level shit right there.
Game of Thrones dragons only have two legs. This is blatantly incorrect.
The print run stuff is all in the link you provided. U3 means there were three copies printed on the uncommon sheet. U2 two copies. There are about 20,000 of each U2s and 30,000 of each U3s. Both versions of library are potentially real. There were a ton of errors on the original sheet (dark mana symbols, wrong colors, ink splotches), but with more than one copy of each card on each print sheet, something got lost in the process and they missed fixing the errors on every copy.
As important as you want it to be. There are plenty of color imbalanced cubes out there, often biased towards black and/or blue.
Remember kids, there's no one more trustworthy than a fictional president forced to resign to avoid impeachment.
H&amp;R Block needs to make money too and they donate a substantial amount of money to your local Senator to ensure they make enough to roll around in giant piles. Well, okay a substantial amount for an America political bribe which is a few thousand dollars. We wouldn't want it to be too expensive for corporations and billionaires to rig the system. We don't hate Capitalism, do we OP?
Actually I think it is. The other guy is Ted Cruz, if I'm not mistaken. Now why George HW Bush, circa 1990, and Ted Cruz are on a Mexican restaurant mural is a mystery.
Not since they stopped being the Devil Rays. Stupid PC-culture. Can't hurt anyone's feelings by calling them the Devil Rays. Though, as a good Christian, I simply can't support including Satan in any baseball team name.
Who would win...a pair of used red stockings or one flappy boi?
I feel strongly that humanity deserves a video of this.
100 Chris Davis sized Chris Davises.
And that GM's name? Albert Einstein.
At the moment, Hearthstone is quite a bit more favorable once you get established. After six months or so, you generally have no problem keeping up with one or two top-tier meta decks just by finishing your daily quests everyday. It's really hard to build up to that point though. MTGA definitely offers a more appealing jumping in point, you're still going to struggle but getting the current fifteen (!) halfway decent precons is a hell of a way to start off. Longer term though there's more cards released and more copies of a card required for your deck and its takes longer to grind packs and drafts. Is one or the other really better though? I guess that's up to personal taste. If you already play and like Magic, you should probably stick to MTGA. If you've tried Hearthstone and so far like it, I'd go with Hearthstone.
Or how loud.
I'd say at least now he'll have more time to dedicate to sucking Koch, but that's basically what he spent the last eight years doing anyways.
Just in time to enjoy a fun Northeastern Winter. Mike Trout deserves this one guys, don't be too hard on him. He can track blizzards and guest weatherman on local news, and record snowplow license plates in his autistic diary to his hearts content now.
The guild decks should be quite a bit better. You might snipe two or three games out of ten, but the intro decks have less powerful cards, and in the case of the Alara one, a much less consistent mama bas.
ebay...you can usually find BCW Double Matte sleeves for about $30-$35 per 1000 sleeves. They aren't the top tier but they hold up well enough. Its an even better price if you can wait around and keep an eye out for one of eBay's 10% or 15% off coupons that happen once or twice a month.
\^This guy Expos.
Technically by a few of the major sites its "Moderately Played", however trying to sell it that way without disclosing the dent is just going to cause you trouble. No one wants cards with denting, neither collectors nor players. Scrathes, whitening, wear, sure call it MP. Something that a strict judge might rule not sleeve playable? Damaged.
I would have voted for you Rick Ankiel. You'll always be a first ballot hall-of-famer in my heart.
What are the referenced top seasons since 2000? I could look it up, but I'm lazy.
Hell isn't a place you burn in fire and brimstone, it's being lock in a pen at 5 degrees below zero with fucking windchill on top. Fuck Times Square on New Years, never again. I'd now tell you to go fuck yourself if you tried to pay me to sit through that shit.
Yeah, its a little odd to be worrying about if the climate can grow sorghum or why Goblins and Humans co-exist when you're not worried about literally conjuring fire from the air and teleporting from place to place. I won't pretend Ravnica isn't simple and doesn't make a god-damn bit of sense under a microscope, but the average D&amp;D setting makes little more logical sense if you really sit down and examine it: how do Dragons fly? what do all those monsters eat? my pet peeve of why do rivers on the map flow from ocean to ocean? Listen, I like world-building as much as the next uber-geek but if there's magic involved I'm going to get crazy with it and, not only will the laws of sociology and science not apply, the concept of reality will barely be applicable.
You're over 35. Don't feel bad, I am too.
This sub has just been /r/childfree v2 for a while now.
Bad card is bad.
You'll also be able to play your current cards, including M19, in a new non-rotating format that will be implemented, so they'll never be completely unplayable.
I'm not opposed to the concept or anything, but why?
Thank God, we're still doing the Commander 2018 is garbage meme without looking at all the 2018 cards seeing play. I hate it when a good circlejerk dies.
I'll be outraged later.
So way better than EDH.
The Cleveland Amshack is almost certainly among most awful buildings ever conceived, indeed possibly even right there at the top, so its not an entirely invalid point of view. The passenger experience, remarkably, is even more miserable than the building looks thanks to the only Amtrak trains arriving in the middle of the night, hours late.
Lots of people really hate those full art promos, myself included. They're a pain in the ass to play with, and especially against, and impossible for new players. At least they have the casting cost and power and toughness. These with nothing at all but a sideways picture? Just do us all a favor and print out a black and white and slip in a sleeve instead.
Basically there aren't 30,000 people (or however many Ayula's will be printed) who will ever make a bear-tribal commander deck. You'll have no trouble finding someone to sell or trade you one for the next few months while the set is being activity opened. Older cards, however, get thrown in a closet or bulk bin or whatever over time when players move on to other things and eventually get relatively scarce after 5, 10, 20+ years without a reprint, having never previously seen any play or demand. Then when a hyped new Commander is announced the MTGFinance speculators and FOMO players move in on any interesting niche cards, scoop up the few hundred copies of them on the internet, and the price skyrockets due to limited supply and copies being relisted at ten times the price. You'll see a bunch of random bears that have had crazy price spikes the last few weeks.
Tell your friend to go to an Urgent Care clinic tomorrow morning. That much blood sounds slightly concerning.
That's not a premium, you just don't understand that taxes are applied differently in the US and EU.
Not even 120 losses? I'll take it.
Did we need three new Chandras?
So, a planeswalking dog is something that apparently causes at least one person to lose his fucking mind.
100% a fake someone signed to make seem real.
They bought them along with MTGSalvation. I don't think they have any previous experience doing anything, at least as far as I can tell. It reamins to be seen if this is even a good thing, at least Curse/Fandom was going to keep the forums archived, these new people might be fly-by-night owners who might blow the whole thing up after weeks or, equally likely, just want to make a few bucks by turning the address and search results into an ad dump.
The Chicago region has a market 10x the size of Las Vegas.
The Wild Card game is a cash cow, it's not going anywhere anytime soon. Probably lowest division winner and wild card play.
I wouldn't exactly call a minor league team drawing 9,000 fans a guarantee of future success. And even 9,000 fans a game isn't a reliable metric, there's a substantial difference between AAA and Major league prices, parking, traffic, and other factors that could easily discourage many of those fans to stay home.
Good luck with that then. I guess inflation will eventually make even a junk card worth $20 given enough time, so you should be good in a hundred years or so.
No.
The cards in precon products are often different in quality, mainly colors and texture, so its not unusual to see a noticeable difference. Don't hold me to this last part, but I believe in this case these are also printed in the US, so also have a different printer than your other cards, which are likely European printed.
luigi confirmed sex machine.
Wait, there's really a chance they don't pull Ragnaros for lethal?
Yeah, whaat kinda pissass language is this shit? Speak American, dammit!
dat sexy Aral Sea making a comeback tho.
'I'd suck dat Jeff Davis' dick' -Abraham Lincoln, January 1862 Checkmate, libtards!
Are you implying if you weren't a supremely powerful magical artificer you wouldn't have a sweet claw installed on your arm?
Snow Ritual {S} Snow Instant Add {C}{C}{C}
Basically you got an especially mediocre pack. You "rare" was Urza's Engine and your three "uncommons" were Energy Arc, False Demise, and Gorilla Shaman. It just happens that you got one of the three rares that wasn't actually all that rare and two of the five uncommons that weren't all that uncommon.
&gt; If this was a decade ago she'd be a very good fit for Moiraine/Siuan agewise though. Rosamund Pike is 40? And a Hollywood 40 at that, which means she looks about normal person 27. A decade ago she'd have been playing a high school kid.
I'm dubious on EDH demand if it gets expensive from Modern and Legacy play. Vista is pretty nifty, but is it $30-$40 better than a budget alternative? Seems doubtful to me for all but a few decks, especially in two-colors where its only marginally better than a basic. It doesn't have nearly the utility of a regular fetchland.
Nonsense! It definitely doesn't have that weird unlit dungeon atmosphere where he screens his secret collection of snuff films and kiddy porn.
It's not a badly planned line or anything, its just an incomplete piece of a system that was never remotely finished. Sadly it goes in the one direction no one enters Baltimore from. North, south, west, southwest, northeast? Yeap, lots of commuters. Northwest? Enjoy a few poor sods from Westminster and some Ownings Mills locals, maybe a few crowds on race days. Poor guy is stuck all alone out there in the middle of nowhere. It's real heavy rail mass transit too. Fast, dedicated right of way, direct, in tunnels downtown - nothing like the god-awful atrocious Blue Line (and don't get me started on that fucker, I've been ordered to avoid potential heart-attack inducing stesses). Imagine it instead as one component in a system reaching to BWI, down into rich Anne Arundle county, to Catonsville and maybe even Columbia, serving all the people coming into the city from the west at the junction of I-70 and the Beltway, right into actual Towson instead of to an industrial park a few miles west, past the universities in the northeast, out through East Baltimore to all the white trash suburbs, even out to a redeveloped Sparrows Point.
Eh, its clearly an EDH tailored card. Go big, generate infinite mana, kill everyone with lands.
Horizon Land Jr. Getting a budget alternative into the hands of EDH players early I guess. Can't complain.
Emo fanboiis rejoice, I guess?
Wait, when you say 'wife' do you mean your sister or your daughter?
The 'Red Deck Wins' name originated around the time of Urza's/Masques-era Constructed among a group of high-level Brewers and Pros. Why, exactly, it caught on and usurped the older name of 'Sligh' I can't say for certain, I guess it is quite a bit more descriptive and that probably helped a lot. Whatever the reason, it rapidly took over ass the default name for any non-Goblin Aggro/Burn deck and, as far as I remember off the top of my head, has never not been viable, though not always tier 1, in any Standard format.
Crazy tempo swing in limited, but even there six is still pretty damn expensive.
Temur is definitely better off than say Jeskai but having only five or six relevant commanders still isn't a lot of options compared to the average Shard or two-color pairing.
I doubt they even include Aginor and Balthamel. Maybe one or the other. The ending is confused enough with just whatever the hell was happening with Rand without throwing in two characters who appear for five seconds and then die.
That's like asking the sun not to shine. When have fanboys never not lost their mind?
They can both be wrong. Manny can be a man-child who doesn't appear to have even the slightest amount of control and the umpires can be barely competant morons.
Lans 45-ish when the series starts, but who knows they're looking to cast. He's always described as 'stone-faced' but I have to imagine they'll want to keep the age-gap to a non-weird level for the whole Nynaeve thing. I do expect they'll cast him as Asian though, they have to find somewhere to add in some non-white people in the cast.
You sac two lands, make a land drop that mostly balances the two sacced lands, then find some way to abuse those sacced lands, either they enable some graveyard shenanigans or you find a way to return them to your hand or the battlefield and essentially net two land drops long term. Its probably more of a casual/edh thing though.
The frames are kinda ugly, don't match regular cards, and the art mostly looks like it was stolen from a middle school art show with medicore-to-bad, dull, lifeless, uninspired watercolors.
Vivian is one of the Planeswalker decks, so its pretty likely Vivian will be the green Planeswalker in the main M20 set.
This is way better. Lotus Vale is not a good card.
Every year Wizards releases 4-5 preconstructed [Commander decks] (https://mtg.gamepedia.com/Commander_series). You can usually find the current iteration of decks at a game store, in Wal-mart/Target, or through online sellers like Amazon. Older versions can often be found on eBay and the like, but some of them are quite expensive.
Welp, we're fucked. Thank god I live in Appalachia I guess.
I imagine Daddy Putin was none too pleased at one of his children hitting the other. Same reason we gave up on that whole Venezuela thing.
The draft archetypes are all based in wedges, ie Jeski flyers or Temur Elementals. It's not Tarkir, but its closer to an wedge set than an allied one.
&gt; In casual, can be anything. But check with your playgroup. If they're sticklers for rules, technically "wish" type effects can't get anything thanks to the (IMO stupid) EDH rules.
But no neck tattoos?
If you don't let twitch chat know how much teh gays and jews are destroying AMerICA^TM during a video game stream are you really chatting? /s obviously
Everywhere is the place to do that. This is the internet, I'm 99% sure that's what it was invented for.
I'm waiting for the day we finally get YSK: 2+2=4.
To be fair at 6 PM EST when I looked at the twitch page 50k+ people were apparently watching the blank rerun screen. I'm not gonna lose my mind over it because I don't really care, but there's definitely some shananigans going on.
Started at 6 PM EST according to thier thingy, so you should be good.
Diarrhea was generally a symptom of other maladies, especially dysentery. Your diarrhea happens once from too big of a meal or maybe a couple times from a minor virus and you drink a couple glass of water to rehydrate yourself and you're fine in the morning. Theirs was from thier intestines trying to expel themselves from the body every few minutes for days at a time until they died and it was drinking heavily contaminated water and poor hygiene that caused it in the first place.
As long as they trade A-rod back to the Yankees.
&gt; gems By Gems you mean blatant fakes?
Its from one of those late 90s boxed sets. Battle Royale I think.
Were we ever under the impression he wasn't?
The Tutor is almost certainly fake. Its missing the weird split border thing alpha/beta/ce cards have going on and, conveniently, the picture is cut off just above the white dots in the bottom corners.
Its kind of odd they're only in two of the five decks.
&gt;I wonder what's so special about this set that they're delaying announcing it so long. Don't read anything into it other than they hired someone who actually knows how to do PR and build hype. Dumping all the information about your product onto a webpage twice a year with no fanfare was always an odd way to do things. Now they're doing announcemnts on stream for secondary products and at events for major releases.
God bless the Mets. We may have a record of 22-56 but at least we don't have the Mets drama.
So this is a story where you told them you fixed the problem, then they stop contacting you because you told them you had fixed the problem?
Probably Shadar Logath in some set of Roman ruins or another. I could see Falme in one of the quaint coastal towns too. I wouldn't be surprised to see Dubrovnik pop back up doing double duty as Kings Landing and Caemlyn either.
Its probably just a printing error of some kind, though, from the description, not one I've ever seen. I don't think anyone would be making fake Italian language Living Planes, nor do I see it on any of the Chinese counterfeit lists, though you didn't specify when or where you acquired it. Does it pass a light test and other normal (non-bend test) checks? Even a cell phone photo would at least give us a better idea.
Lightning Bolt should stay the hell away from standard while Red has crazy card draw. Thanks.
Heroes of Dominaria was actually a traditional board game, no cards used just dice and pieces and stuff.
Planechase Anthology is a bit on the pricey side but is closest to Explorers of Ixalan. Instead of tiles you flip over for bonuses a deck of cards creates random effects that change throughout the game. The decks are fairly decent too, some of the better precons Wizards has ever made. There was an Archenemy: Nicol Bolas previously released in the same series as Explorers of Ixalan. It's ok, I guess, would be how I'd describe it. Archenemy is kind of an RNG mess where one side or the other runs away with the game and its rarely close. It really needs all 4 players to work and you'll probably find it growing stale after a couple playthroughs, so its definitely less than ideal if you're looking to play 1 vs 1. If you're just looking to switch things up in the Explorers game, some of the Duel Decks are on a similar power level and could be swapped in.
Definitely seems to be listed with the Welcome Deck cards. Probably just someone transcribed the wrong name and its like [[Woodland Patrol]] or some unexciting nonsense (or, we can dream, [[Elvish Mystic]]) /u/zapfino had a green welcome deck he partially posted yesterday, so if its there he might be able to provide some info. https://www.reddit.com/r/magicTCG/comments/c4ord7/m20_received_a_welcome_deck_here_are_the_rares/
THIS POST OFFENDS MY FREE SPEECH AND I DEMAND IT BE DELETED!
For all the shit Hearthstone and Blizzard get about being a money grabbing pit, they've managed to keep weird, unnecessary shit like this out of their games for half-a-decade now. Its not that I don't want people spending money or whatever, its just I don't understand why its a thing. Clean and simple is the way I like things, but I guess only buying packs from the store isn't enough monetization?
Anyone who thought they were going to dump old extra sets back into the game at once doesn't understand how things work - much less people that were convinced they were going back to Origins for some reason. First, this is a dumping ground so no one freaks out about losing access to old cards. Yearly-rotating Standard has, and probably always will be, Wizards cash cow, far above even $250 Mythic editions and $14 Masters packs. They're not gonna push a non-rotating format over it on Arena. Second, if they did add old sets they'd do it one at a time over a year or two in between Standard sets to milk every extra draft and pack purchase they can without cannibalizing thier Standard money machine and killing the hype for whatever fall set that have planned by instead pushing a fllashy new format you can use all your old cards in.
&gt; Ima be honest, who the hell is going to play the historic mode if it’s literally the same thing as standard. I'll let you in on a secret: they want you playing Standard because you'll buy packs each set. They don't want you using your saved wildcards on a non-rotating format and playing a pseudo-broken Temur Energy deck forever.
Im sure hes probably known for a while so he could start making videos.
Like 1994 all over again.
/r/comedycemetery
That sounds terrifying. What's happened to your lips and cheecks in a scenario where you gums are entirely exposed to sunlight?
That sounds terrifying. What's happened to your lips and cheecks in a scenario where you gums are entirely exposed to sunlight?
They're a fine store, but they don't really do Magic. I don't think they sell any singles and even sealed product is minimal. I usually stop in and pick up a board game or two when I'm in town, the staff is always knowledgeable and nice but the place is minuscule.
Oh hell no. I'd rather you print out the oracle text and slip in a sleeve than deal with 54 textless cards.
Probably just for asking we're gonna get six more Chandra's next year.
I want to die for you for letting this happen. We aren't good. Like real bad.
Nah, once they get beyond six they'll probably start making red Jaces just to spite us. Remember that time they said they were gonna dial it back with the Gatewatch? Lulz.
I don't understand this. The text is still way shorter than Animate Dead, which has had two modern era printing. He had to have meant that Modern Horizons wasn't the place for a common(-ish) card with lots of text, which I actually agree with.
&gt; If you had two effects that make things enter with a +1 counter, would it trigger its effect even though it wasn't escaped? No, the 'if it enters this way' refers to paying the escape cost to cast the card and having it successfully resolve.
Probably almost no one. You can list something at whatever price you want. I guess eventually some moron with more money than sense, OCD completionist collector, or grandparent who doesn't know anything about Magic trying to get thier grandkid something they asked for will come along.
Oko is probably the card of the decade (sorry Jace - I know you've waited 9 years and 11 months only to be bumped off at the last set), so I'm assuming it easily wins card of the year despite some impressive competition.
Don't get high and then commission art, kids. A life lesson.
Soleimani is evil as fuck, but an airstrike on a busy civilian airport? That's seems like a great way to terrify innocent people and/or make the guy a hero. You couldn't have waited for him to get on some desert road out of town?
&gt; I’m struggling to understand why the Russians would strike an Iranian General they were allied with in Syria, in a Baghdad airport. And why this week during the escalating tensions between Iran and the US would Russia intervene. Its not hard to find Russian weapons, just like us, they sell them around the world. I imagine Turkey, Israel, and Saudi Arabia all have some and all have reason to want this dude dead. Trump has gone full 'Murica on Twitter, so the US was clearly the mastermind, and doubtless it will only be hours before he's outright saying he did it even if its supposed to be a secret and the missiles came from someone else.
If we just cut Social Security we can afford both. Well, not the medicare for all, obviously, the War and the Tax cuts.
And they say White never gets anything cool.
Remember kids, its not a war its a security action and you should be honored to die in Iraq because you couldn't afford college without joining the army. Oh and if you don't unquestionably support the President in this time of war you hate America and want the terrorists to win. Please hang your yellow ribbons from tress now.
Technically Saddam started that war and Bush Sr was so dumb the war didn't even serve a purpose when they just left after a few weeks with Saddam still in power.
No one will even remember this card ever existed in two years.
Yeah, there's every reason to think the Federation has dozens, if not hundreds, of locations to both build and service ships. Even the United States with a 200-some ship navy has 4 shipyards for repairs and refits and contracts building new ships and lifespan extension overhauls and complete rebuilds to a half-dozen places. Ships tend to undergo multiple extensive overhauls during a 30+ year lifespan and even more frequent refits where technology and equipment are regularly updated. Someone mentioned an Antares shipyard once I believe, so we know its not just Utopia Plan...whatever building new ships.
I love the threads where MTGFinance downvotes basic principals of economics in favor of delusional fantasies about getting rich quick speculating on cardboard game pieces.
In the Chinese story that PTK is based on there's a part where the king sends his advisor to recruit a great general and the advisor has to make three visits to find the right guy and get him to talk to them. I guess the flavor was intended to be that visiting gets you a resource, though why a land and not a creature is still a question, and also why the Chinese artist went with what is clearly a Three Wise Men motif.
Wanna bet this is the sets blue card that Arena bots undervalue and you can collect 7 each draft and build a super annoying control deck that takes 30 turns to kill?
Stuff no one has mentioned as I write: **OG All-stars**: [[Berserk]] [[Erhnam Djinn]] [[Concordant Crossroads]] **Mana Ramp**: [[Exploration]] [[Rofellos, Llanowar Emissary]] [[Priest of Titania]] [[Birds of Paradise]] [[Llanowar Elves]] [[Fyndhorn Elves]] [[Elvish Spirit Guide]] [[Rampant Growth]] [[Nature's Lore]] [[Explosive Vegetation]] [[Skyshroud Claim]] [[Wood Elves]] **Obscene Combo Pieces**: [[Aluren]] [[Earthcraft]] [[Oath of Druids]] [[Natural Order]] [[Fastbond]] [[Hermit Druid]] [[Quiron Ranger]] [[Biorhythm]] **General Good Cards**: [[Deranged Hermit]] [[Seedborn Muse]] [[Plow Under]] [[Choke]] [[Arboria]] [[Rancor]] [[Liviing Wish]] [[Regrowth]] [[Moment's Peace]] [[Overrun]] [[Wild Mongrel]] **Randomly had a throwback old frame printing**: [[Noble Heirarch]]
Fast effects were collectively instants and abilities and the fast effect rule defined when you could and couldn't use them. Why they felt the need to add the term to Mersine is anyone's guess, I'd imagine something like they were worried about people trying to pay during the untap step after untapping lands but before untapping Mersine and referring to the fast effect rule clarified the steps when they could be used.
If you're not enjoying it, then stop watching. If that's your biggest complaint though, then keep in mind that you're supposed to see those tropes. They're not hiding and you were intended to watch the first few episodes and see Fight Club, American Psycho, and a dozen other things from Stanley Kubriick to The Matrix. Your presuppositions about several of those works are part of how the story is told by making you doubt what you assumed to be true, or distracting you from what is actually happening. Episode 4 is where the psychological thriller part of the story really kicks off - before that is almost all setup. In fact, the biggest reveals and twists of the first season (probably) aren't even remotely related to any of the tropes you saw.
There seem to be an awful lot of fires in the ocean.
Its not a first edition, its a first Trade Paperback edition.
I doubt Garak would try to blow someone up (well, other than himself that is) on the station. A few meters outside of Bajoran space if Tolar tries to flee or causes trouble, however... Of course that was going to happen anyway, but Tolar clearly wasn't the brightest bulb in the universe.
I don't think this is possible unless they're changed the rules they follow for typefaces because 'Legendary Enchantment Planeswalker - Subtype' is too long to fit on the type line unaltered. I guess it could not be an enchantment, but I would think that just has its own design issues because it doesn't work how the other cards with that theme work.
Do what you did during th e Great Rice Depression of 2008. Go to e every Costco in a hundred mile radius and buy all the giant bags of lentils they have, sell them on the black lentil market, and eat steak like a king.
Why did you think there was going to be an announcement today? There's nothing crazy broken ravaging any format at the moment (for the first time in months). I'm sure Oko will kick the bucket in modern sooner rather than later, but there's been no indication Wizards or the pros and others in the know consider it an imminent issue that can't be dealt with before or after the next big Modern event.
All things considered, its still a better look than getting drunk during the game while eating chicken.
&gt;Ajani 6 &gt;Lord Wingrace 2 When you're a furry but also a cat racist. Also its bold you think you can pull off the foursome with twins.
Thank Heliod, you posted this when you did. It was already 30 seconds past 2:00 AM UTC and I was worried the hourly 'white sucks' thread wasn't going to be posted. I was legit in full-blown panic mode.
Thank Heliod, you posted this when you did. It was already 5 minutes past 3:00 AM UTC and I was worried the hourly 'white sucks' thread wasn't going to be posted. I was legit in full-blown panic mode.
Eh. It costs 7 mana and probably has to live for a turn since, as it costs 7 mana, you're not particularly likely to have a bunch of other mana sources you didn't tap to play it. I'm sure there's some build that wants it to do something crazy broken with it but just jamming a card with GGG in its cost into everything seems dubious.
Its basically a Planeswalker disguised as an enchantment. Play it, tick down to kill a thing, tick up next turn to do a minor thing that may or may not help you, ult the next turn. Unfortunately that's super slow and expensive and would likely never see play, basically PW Deck tier bad.
Because this has been literally every comment on literally every thread about Sunny on reddit for literally a decade. I'm pretty sure the first comment ever posted on reddit was a circleerk about how season 3 wasn't as good as seasons 1 and 2 and the show jumped the shark and why are people still watching this and it sucks now.
Don't read too much into it, you could fill hundreds of reddit threads to the post limit with video game features that were in development but never actually appeared and CCGs, where the updates of new content are nearly constant, are the worst as new QoL features get pushed aside due to time constraints of just keeping up.
You're really gonna lose your shit over not getting some unplayable commons? Do you even look at the ones you currently open? Complaining about locking a game mode behind a paywall when people have already paid once for the cards to play it is a valid criticism, harping on random nonsense or completely extraneous cosmetics just for the sake of something to complain about is, well, nonsense.
If they are rogue androids, its not unreasonable to think old, retired Picard might have an interest in publicly defending them, even if it seems uncharacteristic for him to be a talking head on the news. It could even be why the girl from the trailer seeks him out. Though I'm inclined to think that's not what's happening and we're seeing something further back in time when he was still active as an Admiral.
&gt;TNG's Moriarty Episodes (in particular Ship in a Bottle) An escaped Moriarty as leader of the synths? Won't happen obviously but that would be crazy. Daniel Davis even still looks exactly the same as he did 30 years ago as Moriarty.
Easily maybe. MTGO is equal parts awesome and awful. Awesome in that you can do nearly anything you enjoy in Magic, at as small or large a cost as you can afford, at any time of the day or night. Awful in that its interface was designed 20 years ago and it shows as horrible, buggy, crashy, janky, slow nonsense and has all the same problems as the IRL Magic economy and its playerbase is too small and niche to keep every game mode available and populated all the time, especially for non-Spikes. The only way to know if you'll love it or hate it - or more likely both - is to try it out. There's a bare-bones free, new player experience that will at least let you see if you can stomach the interface, or IMO buy into a pauper deck for less than the cost of an IRL draft and forget about it at the end if you're not enjoying playing on MTGO. It definitely skews towards your playstyle from what you've said, so you'll probably find you're willing to ignore its flaws and frustrations in favor of the gameplay.
Planeswalker Momir gets a hard pass from me as well. If I want obscene RNG nonsnse and crazy overpowered one-card infinite value engines I just log-in to Hearthstone. That's what it exists for.
&gt; This feels different though. The basic lands are something that come free in every physical booster pack. Wait, boosters are free now IRL?
If there's one thing I learned from Only Connect, its that I'm way too dumb for Only Connect.
On the plus side 3 decks weren't Oko decks.
I was assembling a Battlebond cube this time last year and decided to wait on the nearly unplayable 6 mana artifact that's literally useless in draft because $10 was too much and it should drop eventually. Lol nope.
[[Stasis]] + [[Island]] still wins, but Karn + Lattice was surely up there.
&gt;some Rivals AKA Literally everyone.
How the hell do you coach a team to a World Series if you're that ineffective a manager? Oh, wait, the cheating right...I forgot about that part.
You shop for $300 cards on Amazon?
https://www.reddit.com/r/magicTCG/comments/4u3ihu/sleeves_kmc_perfect_hard/
I approve.
BAN MOX OPAL + ARTIFACTS IN A DECK! The Solution is so simple and none of you dummies can see it.
So kind like nearly every one of the hundreds (thousands?) that have been published since 1994? Hell, this is, what, like the third dead incarnation of a Star Wars CCG? This is just FFG being FFG, not the dying of a gamestyle.
&gt;Red Sox release statement &gt;Also, Red Sox release Alex Cora.
&gt; Not to say the system is correct or right or anything but it might be of benefit to Europeans to know that the United States does not do the import tax thing The US has import taxes, they're just a bit less harsh than the EU's for individuals.
Yeah, this is a 'the entire team came down with a rare fever found only in the Malaysian jungle' situation, not a 'lol the Mets are cheap and/or incompetent' situation. Though its going to turn into the latter soon if they don't cut Beltran loose. That would actually be cheap and/or incompetent.
Also some cocaine.
Honestly, I think they'll want to but won't be able to make a story work. God-aliens come off as super-cheesy these days, especially ones like Q who kind of acts like a toddler with narcissistic personality disorder. I'll always have a soft-spot but my god Q is insufferable. Television storytelling has come a long way in the last 30 years.
So it feels like a card printed in the 90s?
Awww, that's cute...you think Devin Nunes cares. He doesn't though. He'll get re-elected too.
Hear me out here because this is probably going to sound crazy...but maybe it feels like an old card because its an old card.
Ok, so we're gonna downvote the factually correct answer? If there's a sale, it will be next weekend because no one has opened the new cards yet and release weekend has in the past always been when they offer a sale.
I don't miss the 90s and definitely don't miss 90s style storytelling, (I wish I was 18 again, but that's neither here nor there.) We seem to remember TNG and DS9 being awesome, but forget the dozens and dozens of mediocre to bad episodes that served no purpose they pumped out to get to 26 episodes a year. TV in the 90s was *bad*, like really god-damn awful. I can probably name like 10 shows from the 90s that are worth watching today and most of those not named Twin Peaks are from the 98-99 period as we saw the nascent rise of the predecessors of modern so-called prestige televsion in well-written shows like The West Wing and ER and long-serialized storytelling like B5 and DS9. There are more shows released every month now that are worth watching than from an entire decade then.
Is there anyone who doesn't think this?
This sounds like an issue entirely of your own making. If the extra few cards you are eventually going to get from rare drafting are worth more than your enjoyment of the set now, I fail to see how that's anyone's problem but your own.
Fox Newtork never had a reputation for being liberal, they had a reputation for controversial programming because Rupert Murdoch knows how to make money. Same reason he owns a shitload of trashy tabloids.
Man, Bregman kinda turned into a real piece of shit didn't he?
It'd be pretty pathetic if you did all that cheating and then didn't make it to the world series.
I was watching the foxes on a loop for like 5 minutes and then went 'holy shit, there's an eagle there.'
When you get so high you literally go back in time to 2003.
Its not even really a joke, but I always find it hilarious when Lucille and Lindsay are in the chain restaurant and the waitress asks 'plate or platter?' and Lucille says: ' I don't understand the question, and I won't respond to it'. Its like a perfect Lucille Bluth line and nearly kills me everytime.
That's a pretty normal experience. Its no secret that MTGO isn't very good for EDH. Look for the people hosting casual no-infinite combo games, if you weren't already, and its slightly better, emphasis on the slightly, You'll still get way too many triggers with no way to batch resolve them, but people will sometimes say hello instead of just grinding their S- minus tier netdeck and quit 10% less often to go join a new game.
Filter your deck by basic lands and you'll see all the basics available to you, remove the basic lands that are currently in your deck, and add the one(s) from Theros in their place.
A table is way more expensive.
Where are you finding a scale that can detect .2 grams while shopping at a Wal-mart? Are you bringing your own high precision scale while shopping for milk and cheap clothes?
You're possibly in a country that restricts prizes? I believe you can see this in the settings somewhere.
I mean they did try to kill each other 4 years later.
I don't know man, Cricket looked pretty healthy last season. He even had the strength to push a man off a roof. Perhaps he's turned things around. Well, expect for the murdering.
You did, you just blocked from your memory. Because, well, Terra Prime.
Chakotay is just insulting, he's the only answer. Don't get me wrong there are a lot of crappy characters in Trek, and especially ones in Voyager that could use a bit of work, but Chakotay stands head and shoulders above them. From the dropped Maquis storyline to the random-ass amalgamation of native sterotypes that was his backstory to the out of nowhere "romance" with no chemistry and everything in between. it was all bad.
Yeah, and while it almost certainly won't be legal trouble even if they don't notify the bank, OP could find themselves in a moderate bit of personal trouble if a few payments bounce or overdraw because there's suddenly a few hundred dollars missing from their account.
Poor guy in the back is just confused about why everyone has just lost their god-damn minds.
People who should be trilled by the Astros cheatingg scandal outcome: Barry Bonds, Roger Clemens, other cheaters.
Library is pretty medicore in Cube bro. Its playable-ish in constructed because you have insane card draw to keep a big hand, in cube you go library, skip your first two turns to draw, then die. Or library, play your cards, never use its ability because you don't have enough cards, then die because you're playing a colorless land.
You're not exactly going to be playing Library in many Peasant cubes...
You'd think at some point Wizards, the big box store distributors, and/or Wal-mart/Target would work together to crack down on this. It would probably be as simple as not putting them directly back on the shelves after a return...
The New River merges with the Gauley River to form the Kanawha. Its all fairly semantic though as rivers are completely arbitrarily named, they're all just random branches and sub-branches of a system that joins thousands of other branches and subbranches and flows into the Gulf of Mexico a thousand miles away.
How do you get the meat-like substance so perfectly round?
7 copies of [[Divine Intervention]]
&gt; He is 100% in next year then All the has to do is not go on any racist tirades or tweet out a Hitler saulte in the next 12 months. So like 30-40% tops.
Yeah, TV was ***bad*** in the 80s and early 90s. The random throwaway Netflix series you binged watched last week and immediately forgot about and will never think about again in your lifw was probably leagues better than 99% of the television produced before 2000 or so. TNG was a great TV series for the time despite an astounding number of duds. Its why we can both look at *Discovery* and see poor plotting and annoying characters and be dissapointed but look at TNG, which is on average much "worse", and see a classic.
The First Duty is to wake up at 3 AM to watch Star Trek. Luckily for me, I'm a night person anyway so this will just give me something to do in the middle of the night other than shitpost on reddit.
Its sad because I planned to spend my old age figuring out what the hell was supposed to be happening in Destiny and what the writers and editors were smoking while they were writing and editing them. Now its like they never happened and I'll have to ponder different mysteries of the universe instead.
Can a brother get that discussion thread?
Next you'll be telling me the Orioles haven't been stealing signs either.
Gruul and big, dumb idiots go together like, well, Gruul and big dumb idiots.
No, $12 for one show is less than the cost of the last time I went to a movie. If you make something I actually want and price it right, I don't mind paying for it. edit: reddit 10 years ago: I JuSt wAnT tO PaY fOR OnlY whaT I WaNT to waTCH, nOt $100 for evErYThiNG. reddit today: I reaLLY JuST wANtEd an EScuSE to TorRENt evErYThINg
&gt; I'll be sticking with Picard, personally lol kind of really MASSIVELY sick of Section 31 at this point :P I didn't mind when it popped up once every few years as minor plot device, I really don't need to be beaten over the head with it like last season of Discovery. Not to mention their lead character is currently lost a thousand years in the future. Gee I wonder if the Discovery crew is gonna come back to the past? This might be dumber cliffhanger than that time Enterprise did the Nazis.
There is nothing to contradict. Wizards has no policy against acknowledging that there is a secondary market and that people buy and sell cards, they have a policy against explicity stating that X card is worth Y dollars because that would open them to extra criticism that open booster packs are akin to gambling or gatcha games. The Reserved List is basically saying 'we acknowledge that the cards here were printed in limited quantities and collectible and we won't reprint them further', it makes no statements about actual monetary values or guarantees those cards will be worth money, and indeed about half the reserved list is 50 cent unplayable bulk nonsense no one cares about at all.
It seems *extremely* unlikely there are 1.5 trillion Romulans. 1.5 trillion is, well, a fucking shitload. For starters, the entire race only left Vulcan what, like 2000 years ago. That's an absurd population growth, even if we assume billions of Vulcans left. They'd have to be growing them in vats (or maybe Borg Cubes?) A far more likely explanation is that the Romulans dedicate substantially larger percentage of their economic and social resources to maintaining a military and intragalactic influence equal to their more populous rivals. Something akin to modern Russia trying to stay relevant or North Korea mainting an "army" of a million soldiers. The on-screen depiction of Romulan fleets being all giant Warbirds could theoretically support the notion that they throw all their shipbuilding into a few giant ships that can stand toe-toe with the Federations flagships and perhaps neglet all the little shitters and transports and science vessels.
Hasbro did buy Tuque Games last fall, supposedly to develop a D&amp;D game of some sort.
I don't know that anyone was particularly worried for the professional streamers who do it for a living as a full-time job, but most streamers are just average people working a 40-hour a week job with a family and kids and general life responsibilities, and whatever other stresses and worries they have going on in their personal lives, even a few of the more prominent mtg streamers. Incentivizing those people to stream for 12 hours straight (or forcing them if you look at it from the angle that their 20 viewers will go to someone else to win the attached rewards if they don't stream) is much more problematic. On top of that, the already successful streamers just won't need to bother with this if they don't want to stream for 12 hours.
A magnetosphere helps prevents the atmosphere from being stripped away by cosmic rays by deflecting enough charged particles that the outer layer isn't constantly being whisked away into space.
Not really. Mars is a cold desert that died, if it was ever even alive, because it was too small and didn't have the right core to keep an atmosphere and liquid water. Earth will sort of be the opposite and die because it gets way too fucking hot and slowly lose its atmosphere and water as the interior of the planet cools and the expanding sun's radiation output gets closer and stronger.
Snow deserts are tundra. We have lots of snow deserts (and cool sandy deserts too for that matter) here on earth.
And that lawsuit was how Paramount-CBS came to own the US government.
$2 mythic rare. Its a 7-mana card that will be barely niche playable in casual EDH by next weekend.
Which one was Mayweather? Was he the little table in the back of the bridge?
We can't all be like you and be born with the fundamental concepts of deckbuilding ingrained into our DNA, most of us have to learn to ascend to the based level you just effortlessly understood.
They usually give an answer about collector confidence when anyone is asked. I don't really understand that answer myself and have always said that reprinting old, popular sets a few times a year for LGS-exclusive events would be a great way to support them. Flashback drafts are popular enough on MTGO and Chaos drafts at IRL events to suspect reprint sets would do ok IRL. Personally, I suspect its always been about spending time and money to update the old cards to new text and formatting for what would likely be a limited, low-profit print run, but maybe with the mystery draft thingy ending that barrier by using old art assets, perhaps we'll see full-sets now too. They certainly wouldn't sell for $800 a box though, because, well, that's just not how supply and demand works.
Parrots in general are crazy picky eaters, or maybe more accurate they're super stubborn eaters. Its pretty common to see them try to eat only one or two things they love and just throw everything else into the biggest mess they can possibly make to show you they don't want it and are offended you offered it. Some will starve themselves to death before they'll eat something they don't want.
Hasbro loves money, so...yes, absolutely. Whether they visit them in the past, there's still some remnants floating around Zendikar/Innistrad somehow, or there are other Titans, they'll be back within years, plus they'll probably be even more broken and dumber than they were the first two times.
Zendikar has vampires, so next fall's big set should have plenty. After that I can't imagine a return to Innistrad is more than a few sets away.
I think that was in that (awful) comic book for the 2009 movie. It was sketchy as canon before and now 100% invalidated by Picard since it prominantly features Data. Also it makes no god-damn sense scientifically as even Jupiter would be insignificant to the power of the supernova, but since we're already using magical 'red-matter' to stop it and the supernova is apparently traveling at hyper-relativistic speeds, I guess that's less of an issue.
Despite both being viruses, they're not really related. Smallpox is probably substantially more deadly, but also kills its host quite slowly, over one to three weeks allowing a lot of time to spread, not to mention covering its hosts in infectious, pus filled boils. This coronavirus is a type of respiratory influenza, which can certainly be deadly see the Spanish flu, but tend to flame out quickly, like where we got the term '24-hour flu' for the milder winter versions. Its likely these SARS/Swine Flu/Wuhan-like viruses have been making the transition between animals and humans for thousands of years, there have been at least a half-dozen in the last 50 years, but never went much beyond their initial area of outbreak.
Twitter is basically just a giant middle school, isn't it?
ITT: BernieBros are still delusional.
Offer to take their most annoying employee home with you.
Yes, thank god. I don't know if I was gonna make it two more days.
It doesn't represent current doctrine. It was written in the early 1900s and predates substantial church reforms of mid-to-late 20th century.
The Galaxy class is a battleship, Voyager is a destroyer. There's a reason no one has built a battleship in the last 75 years. There's just no way the Galaxy class is practical from any standpoint when you can probably build 10 Intrepid class ships to do 10x the missions with 10x less risk when something goes wrong. The tradeoff being that sometimes you have to send 10 ships instead of 1, but you'll take that when often you're allocating one giant ship to something that could be done by one smaller ship. Did Enterprise ever need all those hundreds of scientists and engineers on any mission ever?
Is it an island though? It looks like some weird pointed rocks implausibly jutting out of some water to me. Like someone tried to put the concept of a sea stack to paper but only had heard about them from a friend of a friend of a friend who saw one from a distance of three miles in the fog and was also blind.
/r/theflavorjudge
I wouldn't call anything written for MTG literature. The Magic novels are bad. The "good' ones make trashy D&amp;D and star Wars tie-in fiction look like War and Peace the bad ones are like if you let a self-published fetish romance novelist post early 90s usenet-style fanfiction stories in a style slightly less evolved than one of those choose-your-own adventre books you read as a kid in the school library.
I wonder how much residual effects from the home stat bump effected away stats? For example, scouts and numbers guys see X player destroying off-speed pitches/laying off everything off-speed in the last few weeks so you have your pitchers double up on fastballs inside or only throw sliders down and away and the Astros know that they're getting counterplayed so that's what they look for. Then the next home series comes around and you can cheat again so the the next counterplay doesn't matter because you can rely on the banging and the cycle resets for the next away stretch.
I think he always considered himself more of an artist than an actor and seems to prefer teaching and theatre productions no one understands. Even in the 90s, he always seemed to view DS9 more through the lens of being an opportunity for social progress by portraying a black lead character, rather than as an acting job. To be honest, I'm not 100% sure he's actually been sane since the 90s either, so it might not be at least as much no one wants to work around his weird quarks and eccentric personality as it is his own choice.
I'll have to dig out my copy, but does this not depict the Ferengi-territory as part of the Federation? Or maybe its under that giant-ass logo or whatever that is and we just can't see it.
What if OP's goal isn't to make money but to be the first person in history arrested for tax fraud via a card game?
Bro, you can just say you like money. No one gives a shit.
Technically I believe it would be like 2.3529x more chaff.
I think [[Power Artifact]] + [[Basalt Monolith]] was the first realistic infinite combo. There were a few janky things before that but Power Artifact + Basalt Monolith could make infinite mana fast and easy with only two cards. It was so simple to pull off Basalt Monolith got a dreaded power level errata (since removed) to prevent players from using its mana to untap itself.
3 mana draw a 3 mana 3/2 with an ability that may be useful.
When I was a kid I traded a Sunweb and a Serra Angel for a Scrubland. My friend really wanted to build a big white flying deck and we had little idea dual lands were worth more than big dumb flying walls.
We heard mutate wasn't broken so we took care of that problem for you.
$8 is about what it costs to ship a package the size of the Secret Lair box. They're not trying to do any more scamming than the already included amount.
&gt;I will admit that not everything is in place yet, and I can see why that spurred reactions. They are working on a marketplace to trade shares, as described by their CEO in this tweet (which also details some of the approvals process they’ve cleared): https://twitter.com/mythicmarkets/status/1267118057601687552?s=21 That's reassuring. There's never been a digital MTG marketplace that traded shady currency with absolutely no oversight and there probably never will be.
That all sounds awesome. I'm onboard. So, who wants to buy a share in my collection?
&gt; If you would like advice on this investment, please speak to an investment adviser. Oh man, now I want to walk into an investment advisor and get thier actual, literal advice on investing in this. Would they completely flip thier shit for being the dumbest person to ever walk into the office?
They will almost certainly print more Ikoria. Standard sets are usually in print for about a year, 8 months at a minimum for summer sets and about 18 months at a maximum for popular fall sets. When the current printing runs low they will print another wave, that's just how it works.
Hoot, hoot!
Rite of Flame is playable, it was good enough to get itself banned in modern. I don't think it has a tier 1 home anywhere at the moment, but it has in the past and surely will again someday. I've seen it in pauper cycling decks a few times since the Ikoria release off the top of my head.
The decks are different between years, but both years feature generic, mono-color themes. The 2018 decks seemed balanced from playing around with them a little, I can't speak to 2019 however. IMO, I would just grab whichever is cheapest since they're so basic. A note that I think the 2018 version might be hard to find - one of the face cards ended up being worth money so most got bought up to resell. Be careful not to overpay. (You might also be able to find a set of five Core 2020 or Core 2021 Planeswalker decks for a reasonable price if you want something just a little more advanced and a little flashier with a better theme. I just saw the 2021 decks for a bit over $40 for preorder.)
Whatever Walmart sells them for. Its not a limited run item.
Well, that's a meme waiting to happen.
I'm not worried. Its not like anything else has been broken recently.
Its a rename of the Spellslinger kit.
There's a reason, it's not good. Its basically one of those old Skinemax erotica shows but with no nudity either. Its basically an art to cast that many above average actors and then write them dialogue on the level of bad internet fanfiction.
Taxes, how do they work?
You mean except for the fact that they literally won't do anything in 95% of the deck combinations you'll be playing?
&gt; Are all the lands basics or some common taplands/gates? Its highly unlikely there are many, if any, two-color lands because the concept is to open two random packs and shuffle them together so there's no real way to seed packs with the correct color duals. Maybe if there are some two-color themes there would be some taplands included in that particular pack, though at that point you're talking about three or even four color decks that will be likely miserable to play so I imagine they stick mostly to mono-color. There's supposedly "tribal" lands but I don't think there's been any clarification if its just goblin (or whatever)-art Mountains or there are also lands that interact with Goblins (or whatever). I'd theorize there's also some five-color land that only functions in Jumpstart, ala Command Tower/[[Paliano]]/[[Underdome]] as there has to be something to smooth what will be pretty awful mana bases.
The problem is Irish was a dying language by the 1800s. The language was already a minority in Ireland by the time Australia was even colonized and only heavily spoken in the rural west. Irish was nearly unknown in Dublin and most of Ulster and spoken sparsely by mostly older people in Leinster. Even where it was spoken, most were bilingual and immigrants tend to adapt to the majority language, even easier here since they would already speak it.
Nice set symbol bro. Get gud at fakes first.
Posting for history. Be known I was here for this glorious event.
Have you even seen shirtless Flea? Its like you don't even understand the Red Hot Chili Peppers.
I dislike the Planeswalker mechanic and how it can run away with games, but they're not inherently broken like Companion. Flawed designs perhaps at times, but problem has, especially recently, been that no answers have been provided for the new breed of heavily pushed planeswalkers that come down way too early with way too high loyalty and/or ways to protect themselves. Most Planeswalkers have proven to be fine to unplayable.
This is a worse AMA than that time I used /r/AMA to liveblog a puppy gif that wouldn't load properly.
Yeah, you'll be dead like three turns before you can ever play this. I don't even know what kind of jank you could accomplish.
Did you read the article? (spoiler: you didn't)
Mental illness.
This can't be bad for ~~bitcoin~~ showcase treatments of printed cardboard.
Literally no one is shocked. Everyone has known for decades that Lindsay loves his rentboys.
&gt;Other thoughts on how to discreetly mark sleeves (or something else) for sorting and organizing in proper piles in between games? Thank you in advance for thoughts! I use those little colored dot stickers to differentiate pre-sleeved cards for different purposes. You can find them at pretty much any office supply or big box store in packs of several hundred for a few bucks. For casual play, they don't interfere with shuffling. They can leave sticker marks if you're not careful peeling them off, but I generally stick to el cheapo sleeves. A sidenote to WotC for the new randomized shuffle together style thing they've got going on this year with Unsanctioned and Jumpstart, it'd be nice if you premarked the deck the cards belonged to in these products so we don't have to figure out where the hell the artifacts and lands go after every game,
It seems highly unlikely they're ever going to let you reveal a card not in your hand from your hand.
I always kinda figured Raktajino was kind of the opposite - Klingon Coffee that's been Starbucks-ified. Its always all foamy and cream colored when we see it in a clear cup.
To be fair, prune juice is pretty damn nasty. It smells bad, it tastes worse, and it has a texture that no liquid should have. If it weren't in modern culture primarily known for being drank by old people to maintain bowel movements, we'd probably think it was something an insane Scottish clansman would chug before going into battle with his claymore.
Almost certainly. The Roosevelt administration was firmly behind the allies and had been building for war for two years. Germany was targeting American shipping to Britain months before Pearl Harbor and a defacto state of war existed in the Atlantic. It was only a matter of time until an incident triggers the casus belli Roosevelt needed to get the isolationist faction off his back.
Dude's got places to be. Frankly, they're just lucky he didn't yeet the while crate in hammer-throw style.
I believe its closer to 4-5 years in the wild and even that ignores the prodigious deathrate of ducklings (hence why there are 10 ducklings to start).
I hope this is actually called Magalodon with Spikes.
This thing is a fucking beast in limited. Or, uh, shark.
That does suck and I don't even think I have any Winotas. Perhaps they could find a middle ground here, and like Hearthstone, allow players to "disenchant" cards suspended in historic/brawl/other-places-the-accountants-and-executives-say-they-can't-give-everyone-wildcards for full wildcard value for a limited time after they announce a suspension.
It's like a ban.
&gt;Why don't we have diglands? &gt; Tap, Pay 1 life, sacrifice Digly Rainforest: reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a Forest or Island card, put it onto the battlefield. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order. Because watching a dude reveal 90 cards one-by-one until he reveals the one forest he put in his EDH deck is about a thousand times worse than waiting for him to shuffle. &gt; Tap, sacrifice Digly Rainforest: Look at the top 7 cards of your library you may reveal a Forest or Island card. If you do put it onto the battlefield, put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order. If you don't draw a card. Because playing a land that doesn't find anything is even worse than just getting mana screwed, even if you replace it with a random card. Missing your land drops in Magic is bad, frustrating, just plain awful.
&gt; Wallis's chief calculator and founded Airspeed Limited (made the Airspeed Oxford &amp; Horsa gliders in WW2). That's definitely a man who would know unsafe aerial vehicles.
People aren't (generally) firing large guns at trains. And even if you wanted them to work like trains, you'd just hook six starships up as drones or whatever. There's just no reason you'd want to hook starships together. You reduce the number of angles you can attack from, instead of having six small targets zipping around you have one giant target firing from one angle. If one of your individual ships gets hit, you have five more. If your Voltron starship gets hit its a big boom and the battle is over. You're also presumably reducing your firepower as half your phasers and torpedo launchers are covered up and on the wrong side of your monstrosity. IRL big battleships with giant guns were found to be obsolete within a couple decades of when they debuted, now warships are all modest sized frigates and carriers capable of sending out many smaller airplanes to do the exact opposite of making a giant Voltron. If anything the question we should be asking is where are all the little shitter starships that should be zipping around the galaxy in Star Trek? A Borg cube is several orders of magnitude too large to be practical, its ludicrous you'd need to hook multiple ones together.
Ah yes, the dreaded 3/2 housecat. I remember back in the war these guys were taking out soldier tokens left and right.
So you're telling me that zombifying a cat and making it evil somehow makes it less ferocious and powerful?
Dreadmalkin is Ravnican, it was just from War of the Spark.
Cocaine: it'll make you way more famous than you should be before you flame out at 29.
The frame is sweet, the art seems to be of dubious, uh, mountain-ality. Is it like some buried dragon talons or something sticking out of the ground?
To be fair this is basically the top comment on every thread these days. At this point, automod should just auto-add a stickied 'Reprint Fetchlands you cowards' comment to every new post.
5th edition was trash. No one wants a bunch of shitty 1990s white border cards no matter how "crisp" they are. Just buy twenty Sylvan Libraries and Mana Vaults and a box of a few thousand 90s era commons in bulk off the eBay if your money is burning a hole in your pocket.
OP asked a legal question, got a bunch of answers that it was, in fact, legal. Did you want an 8 millionth thread that consits of 'lol, DAE Wizbro evil!' comments'? From the wording of the post, it sounds an awful lot like OP bought a Secret Lair this week, decided a few hours later he didn't want it, then came here to get validation that they are in the right by asking a loaded question and citing specious reasoning.
Jesus Christ that is a lot of white people. I like how the two non-white people are off to the side, alone.
Alcatraz was interesting. Revolution, though, was indeed pure crap.
Who in Mexico isn't? Its not like they have any choice, you do what the insane, murderous cartel says you do or they, you know, go insane and start murdering you.
Sesame Street is basically communism. The right has been after them for like thirty years now.
i think Apple bought it up last year when they went on their big TV-making kick. I guess they still intend on making it, though they definitely don't seem to be in a hurry.
I think you might not understand this subreddit...
The ferocious 3/4 terrier. The art team couldn't have at least found a big and scary mastiff or something?
Ban the cards in tournament play, I don't have an issue. I do however, vehemently disagree with removing all references to them from their database, a move that's seemingly only purpose reeks of trying to cover some asses before someone links a Magic card on twitter and accuses the game of being racist and inappropriate. It is a thing that once existed, it can't be changed at this point its history, its an ugly legacy but it happened and pretending it didn't accomplishes nothing. If we banned every culturally insensitive depiction in media, well half the public library would be gone. I believe a more appropriate response that would set an example for how to actually behave would be to amend those pages/images with a small note explaining the context and history and apologizing and promising not to print further cards in that vein. "We understand this depiction is culturally insensitive, it were made in another era of our game and we sincerely apologize. We vehemently discourage such depictions and have promised to never make further such depictions."
The Cathar's were a real world religious group who were, ironically, hunted down and murdered en mass in a crusade. Its always been rather inexplicable why Wizards chose to reuse that term.
We're definitely going to see purple and orange replace black and white in the future, if not imminently, that seems pretty clear from banning Clensing.
It got caught up in the crazy Reserved List FOMO buyouts in 2017-2018 and never came back down. Presumably no one is selling below the "market" to drive the price down because they all paid too much expecting to retire and buy Ferraris and superyachts with thier $1000 Fallen Stars. The card itself is basically unplayable, even if it weren't banned everywhere, a 3 mana lightning bolt that might not even function and maybe occasionally hits a second creature if your opponent is incompetent and doesn't immediately space all their creatures one card length apart.
Obviously. You people think one man alone can bang on a trashcan to produce a significant enough sound to be heard in the infield over a whole crowded stadium?
Its a nonsense criticism, at least as it pertains to GMOs. Humanity has had multiple famines due to growing too much of the same strain of crop long before there were GMOs, some varieties are just superior for one reason or another (taste, quantity, growth rate, resilience, climate/soil/water use/whatever) and those ones will win out over inferior varieties. Having the theoretical ability to further modify any GMO's that get infected to be resistant is a net positive. If there's a criticism, its to not rely on too much of the same variety, GMO or non-GMO.
&gt; Iirc &gt;90% of all GMOs planted by volume are some form of “roundup ready” versions of a plant. These plants are then doused in pesticides. How do you think we grow non-GMO's? With sunlight and happiness? Spoler: we douse them in even larger quantiies of even worse pesticides.
Don't self-diagnose from internet videos and clickbait surveys and definitely don't take medical advice from random people dispensing it on the internet. Your friend probably isn't autistic, and even if she were mildly autistic, its not a thing to get upset over. It doesn't change anything about life, its just what life has always been like for her.
"You'll have to pry my cat-oven from my cold dead fingers. And then do it again next turn. And the turn after that. And a few dozen more times later' - how I imagine Cat Oven players will react to this post
Interesting I guess, but I can't imagine what you'd realistically do with it
I'd rather just kill them with the indestructible 16/16 I payed 16 billion mana for.
ALL ABOARD THE KARMA TRAIN! Choo Choo, bitches. I'm gonna so many millions of karma.
Or just crosspost to get double karma showing your recovery from an eating disorder that caused your hair to all fall out.
Foil printings. not necessarily promos, were the loophole.
Yeah, they're really just intended as a trophy for the winner, though a fair bit of the art has later made its way to MTGO in one form or another.
I like it. Its not particularly good mind you, but it does succeed in addressing Angel tribal's problem with never having a gingle damn thing that costs less than 4 mana.
It's not even that. Big creatures sit there and do nothing until someone's RNG is better than the other.
Odd that they would go to the effort to completely revamp every card like that, though the new cutout is significantly more aesthetic than the original version, which just looked strange, so I guess someone, somewhere wasn't happy with the original design. That they went to the effort (and cost - they'd have to redo all their proofing and tests) would seem to suggest they had plans to print a lot more, or maybe make products with the same frame a regular-enough occurrence to justify doing the redesign now instead of later.
I highly doubt Donald Trump has the attention span to sit through an entire movie.
Don't tuskshame. It's none of your business.
Astros BTFO.
Yeah, no shit. Anyone with half a brain knew that's where they were gonna be.
Lightning Bolt *is* too good for Red. Imagine the mono-red spam on Arena as people try to rank up and complete dailies as fast as possible? That Wizards won't stop printing absurd UG cards is a separate problem.
Yeah, get back to me when you can run 12 untapped turn 1 fabled passages to grab your handful of untapped duals and one basic land.
I'm on that side, but this is just Occupy Wall Street 2.0. A few hippies and activists will stick around for a few months and everyone else will forget they exist by the 4th of July.
You know what deck would love to have a Power Sink?
Yes. Wizards acknowledges there is a secondary market frequently. Saying they don't is a dumb thing magic players circlejerk about.
Maybe you just really like peanuts?
Yay, America finally did slightly better than meet the absolute bare minimum standard for humanity today!
Well, as you already seem aware, you definitely can't use Magic cards, characters, settings, art, logos, even likenesses and concepts. To use those, you'd have to acquire a license to use some or all of those from Hasbro, which is theoretically possible, but realistically they almost certainly aren't going to give one to you in this instance, even if you had the money and influence to acquire one. You may or may not be able to advertise comparability depending on how similar your idea is to Magic and/or how much hassle Hasbro's lawyers are willing to dish out before you give up and walk away. Its pretty easy to say your sleeves/deckbox/etc 'fits Magic:The Gathering^TM and similarly sized trading cards', as they are a substantially different product that have other uses besides Magic. It would be more difficult to say your game-play add-on doesn't infringe on their brand, concepts, creates confusion about whether or not its an official product, or whatever else. It would also be a matter of scale. If your design is on some print-and-play website that gets a few hundred views, probably no one is going to care. If you're selling it in Wal-mart advertising it as an alternative to buying packs, you're probably going to get sued pretty fast, warranted or not, because they're not going to want a competitor or impacted sales, don't want you introducing new concepts or characters that will be associated with their brand, especially potentially negative ones they have no control over. If you truly used no Magic IP and advertised no comparability you would probably win, but you'd have to spend a large amount of money to fight it, and at that point you'd have to wonder how you even got off the ground and ever got people on board with your idea in the first place. tl;dr its not worth your trouble unless its purely a passion project you intent to release for free
Yeah, at this point if you absolutely need a set you'll probably have to watch ebay and the like for one to pop up, and then hope they don't cost a fortune when they do show up.
Rebacks were made with black border CE/IE cards, there was no way to make a white border version.
I think we'd all be more shocked if the whistleblower said they weren't exploiting 12-years olds in Latin America.
On the plus side its not Momir. I would love to know if they even try to balance these or just throw rando cards together and start the event.
&gt; It's the fixiest of lands Except, you know, in a format where you're shuffling two random things together and it won't fix the correct pair of colors 95% of the time.
Yeah, not gonna lose any sleep over that. The solution to absurd blue-green ramp decks isn't to make everyone dead on turn 4, it's to fix the absurd blue-green ramp.
Nothing. Wizards would print $10,000 super VIP Saudi Oil Prince Edition packs that come packed in a five hundred foot megayacht.
Yeap, happens every year. There's probably a post nearly every single day here about it too. No one at either Wizards, the big box stores, or the distributors who stock them at those stores seems to care since its been like ten years now and its still the same damn problem. I feel really sorry for all the kids who save up to buy a $40 deck and get trash someone has replaced and don't know better. At least your thief left a functional deck, usually its a random pile of commons or a bunch of basic lands.
&gt; I'm starting to worry some folks on this sub don't realize that mtgfinance is itself just a hobby and not a vehicle for frickin' retirement. Retired? Bitch, I'm gonna own the New England Patriots and Manchester United when my super secret RL speculation pays off. -most of this subreddit
Is that better or worse for humanity?
The claim that European wildlife was superior was ludicrous, but its crazy ironic Jefferson would choose not only a species they actually have as an example, but one that gets substantially bigger than subspecies he sent.
We'd expect a second wave from the initial printing about this time, which is literally what we're seeing at the moment with backorders being filled and prices coming back down to Earth. A second printing is an entirely different thing that takes multiple months. When the warehouses start to run out and there's no space already set aside at the printers for additional waves of the current printing and stores are still requesting more restocks signaling continued demand, then a further print run will be ordered.
I'm not sure why you'd think they were printing Dominaria, or any set, after its already rotated. You seem to have a pretty tenuous grasp on how the process works, so maybe a little less Rudy and little more reading up on the process.
Shitty, presumably because its something I can already easily do?
Just buy a knife guard, then it'll probably be fine.
&gt; They'd hold it for as long as it took for the British Army to run them out again, which would take a lot less time than it would to organise and ship over1 reinforcements. Its hard to imagine how they'd hold it, this isn't Crete defended by a token force, unmobilized Dutch or Norwegians in a surprise attack, or Eben Emael where the whole damn German army is hours behind. Britain might have been in rough shape but they should be able to root out a few thousand light infantry and/or level Dover and its guns. Heavy support for the Defenders would have to totally rely entirely on the Luftwaffe and whatever guns they could repurpose to defend inland, the latter of which invalidates the entire purpose of capturing the location. They have minimal time and no engineers to improve the defenses inland either. There's also possibly the matter of ammunition. Those big guns are thirsty motherfuckers. I don't know how much ammunition the British kept on hand but once its gone, its gone. I assume there's some provision to blow the magazines in the event your position is under attack and in imminent danger, so I'm dubious they'd capture any ammunition at all.
Yeah, but now we need a Parallel Lives Hardened Scales but Parallel Lives Hardened Scales is broken.
Yes. Its not good enough for Legacy or Modern, but in smaller formats its historically been a pretty effective card.
Magic, Same as every aspect of every Maglev/Hyperloop proposal.
Easily a number between 0 and 10.
&gt;You can't have your games in Canada, so you have to choose a location in the US. Also, we'd prefer one that isn't in the middle of the coronavirus hotspot we're currently trying to avoid. &gt;Oh, how about Tropicana Field?! What the hell was the decision making process involved here? Seriously there are like 400 better fields, including like down the street in Buffalo. I guess MLB can still bully the Rays around enough to get through whatever nonsense market rights come up in any other location.
100% more Dutch, probably. Realistically there's just no way the Dutch can keep a hold on the area long term. If New Amsterdam survives the revolutions on the American continents in the late-1700s, early-1800s, someone is eventually going to come along and conquer the tiny Netherlands. The French did it in our timeline, but it could have easily been the German unification or British, at which point their colonies are gonna be up for grabs. Someone is gonna annex one the world's premier harbors in a heartbeat, most likely whatever Americans are around or maybe the Brits will come in like in IRL Dutch South Africa.
I'm sorry I can't hear you over the sound of my freedom. And the coughing from the upper respiratory infection. Mostly the coughing. Yes, freedom sounds like coughing. Now shut up with your fake news libtards.
Ah, the simpler days when you didn't have to bother with big city escorts and internet camgirls and could just coerce your house girls into sex under the threat of they or their family being beaten, starved, denied shelter and clothing, even more effective being sold off to never see their families again, or you know, just, being taken out back and shot.
Yeah, but great-granddad was definitely banging them too. If it was good enough for Thomas Jefferson it was good enough for your piece-of-shit ancestor.
Obviously unplugging the CPAP machine. Do you even conspiracy?
Almost certainly not fake, no. The bend test isn't a real thing. ALL modern fakes pass it and have for years. That's something leftover from the 90s.
Did anyone ever actually care about Noah Bradley though? Terese Nielsen had multiple iconic cards - Force of Will, the Guru lands - and more Eternal/EDH staples and promos in a twenty-five year history. Noah Bradley was just some random, newish artist who popped up once a month in a thread on reddit where he was clearly peddling prints of his art.
The Union Navy had a good handle on the sea blockade already and was actually far more experienced than the British at working on the rivers of the interior, something Britain doesn't really have even in her colonies. All things considered there's not much the Royal Navy could do. The land presence is limited by the number of troops the British can actually send overseas for years at a time and the awful logistics and poor roads of the period really preclude American armies that were much bigger than they already got. (Napoleonic armies of hundreds of thousands could just strip the land bare and let everyone starve, the Union armies diidn't even at the end of the war when laying waste to the Confederacy they left enough food for locals to eat). Once you add in the inevitable problems they're probably more a distraction and liability than a net positive. Command squabbles and rivalries and refusals to integrate and work cohesively were problems that already wracked the Union Army. Add in the need to add a second supply chain for different British weapons and sundries and British troops being trained for organized Continental warfare instead of frontier irregular warfare, and god knows what other problems and differences, plus opposition to foreign troops on US soil from politicians, the press, and the local populace, its all just pure chaos waiting to happen.
Brokenly.
Lawful neutral or maybe Lawful Stupid. They're definitely not strictly good.
One is .82 cents and a better effect the other is $200 but costs 1 less mana in a color and strategy you're ramping lands anyway so you don't really care about the cost? Also they both suck.
OH MY GOD! Wait, why do I care?
&gt;Now, PayPal is telling me the seller doesn’t have a Paypal account and needs to create one within 10 days or the transaction is voided. Well the obvious answer is to PM them your credit card details, name and address, last four digits of your social security number, and mother's maiden name.
So basically exactly transactions like MTGFinance. QUICK THERE'S A DOG LORD, BUY ALL THE DOGS IN BULK!
Black-bordered 4th edition.
Good on you, bro. Never give up the cocaine even at an age where it might literally make your heart explode at any moment.
You don't want the twitter mad at you. That's bad for making dollar bills.
Pennsylvania is basically 90% potato chip factories, amusement parks, and Amish people.
I do know one of the German Zepplins made a polar flight as a publicity stunt, so I don't think there was a problem. Probably just someone colored in straight-edged polygons for simplicity and ease of use. It is odd though because if this were, say, a preliminary strategic planning tool, missing that the airship would go nearer Iceland and Greenland is a huge oversight but we don't have context for why it was made. If someone in the cabinet wanted a 5-minute presentation on which airship routes were likely to be developed by British companies (civil analysis for the government would be something a plans department would be called on to do often enough, especially in those days), this is an acceptable map.
A bunch of liberals who consume to ***way*** too much talk radio and 24-hour news. They may be right in principal, in practice they are insufferable morons with no capacity to do anything but scream and make left-wing memes, basically /pol/ with 100% less nazis or this subreddit but with mentally ill left wing extemists instead of mentally ill right wing extemists.
&gt; Does it have the micro printing on it? The counterfeits with rough edged holo stamps were because they physically cut the holostamp off a real card and glued it on the fake (god bless cheap chinese labor I guess). Fortunately it was pretty damn obvious at a casual inspection they were fake because of the whole cutting a holostamp off one card and glueing it to another. The newest ones have almost perfect replicas of the real thing because who the fuck at Wizards thought a holostamp wouldn't be counterfeitable,
The holostamp isn't a reliable way to tell if a card is fake, at least not unless its a really, blatantly bad early version from 2-3 years ago. There are factory fresh cards that come straight from the pack and have holostamps that feel off, bumpy, have raised edges, aren't perfectly attached, or even missing entirely. They aren't exactly common but they aren't rare either if you sit and run your hand over every card you own, you'll probably find a few. Better tests are the light test or looking for the green dot on the back.
Like that matters, this is the internet bro.
