Say what you want, but Buffalo (WNY in general) has the small Pizza and Sub or sandwich shop done better as a local place than any of the chains. We have better mom and pop versions of these places on every street corner. So the chains in that niche just aren't going to do as well here. So they avoid it. Other parts of the country I've lived in often think Dominoes and Subway are good. It's often because they don't have the local businesses that have just always done it better.
Thank you, kind sir.
Gilliamesque
Of course, by your own measure every world leader that has ever existed was a war criminal. So your opinion falls into camp crazy pretty quickly and we can safely ignore you as a raving lunatic.
Repeating bullshit over and over doesn't make your bullshit true.
&gt; Is checking the wrong box on a document (even deliberately) a lie? I'm sorry, but that right there is a lie. And this is what drives the average person insane about the legal system. Something that everyone with half a brain understands is lying is explained away as something else. Where as when the average person who doesn't fill out the forms every day fills them out inaccurately, they get the book thrown at them for things that never even were a problem. Minor things like when signing a form above the line rather than below it. And because of that get hauled into court over bullshit. But cops get a free pass to knowingly LIE on forms. And it's a lie when they do it and to say anything else is to be a blind apologist for evil. And that's what that cop was in this case, evil. He needs to be removed from his job, fired with cause, his name put on a list of "never hire this man" for every other police department in the country and charged with perjury and convicted and get the maximum penalty. Anything short of that, and the people in that area need to riot in the streets for to force it.
Everything you just said is a lie and more so, you know you are 100% lying about everything. When a cop breaks into a neighbors home and point blank murders their neighbor, they get a whole police department that tries to frame the neighbor. "We found some small amount of pot in his apartment. Clearly they deserved to die for the crime of being in their own apartment", and then they never search the police murderers apartment for weeks until the cry from society forces their hand. When the average person gets a thousand people willing to help cover up for any crime they may have committed, up to and including first degree murder, then and only then will you maybe have a point here. But right now, the blue wall protects it own and you're nothing but lying scum.
This get's posted a lot. Such as: * [Yesterday](https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/a2bh4q/one_day_a_computer_will_fit_on_a_desk_1974/) * just [six days ago](https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/a0v2i9/one_day_a_computer_will_fit_on_a_desk_1974/). * [A year ago](https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/6km8qq/arthur_c_clarke_predicts_the_internet_pc_in_1974/) * [Two years ago](https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/3y5vih/1974_arthur_c_clarke_accurately_predicts_the/) Oh, and just [an hour after](https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/a2p1ah/in_1974_this_is_what_they_predicted_computers/) this submission was made. This get's post a lot.
It needs to be made illegal for a police officer to work without a body camera. Doing anything. Period. That's the only way to be sure they are observing the laws, rules and regulations. Those cops that don't like it should be free to quit their jobs. Any arrest by an officer who isn't wearing one should be automatically null and void and said officer should then be immediately fired for cause. It's simply too important a position to give them blind trust.
Or just disable cookies from the Buffalo News domain as well. That allows me to read anything I want there.
If you leave off the qualifier most people are going to assume Charles II of England (and Scotland and Ireland). Where as you're talking about the last Spanish Hapsburg. And even the Hapsburg's and their cousins had nothing on the Greek Egyptian Ptolemy family, which was brothers and sisters for several generations. And it seems there was no real ill effects in the Ptolemy's except weak leadership in the later years..... which had more to do with the rising power of Rome than anything else.
Bob and Doug must have finally really gone off the deep end.
What's that got to do with Amherst? Within Erie County, the I-190 is in Cheektowaga, Buffalo, Tonawanda and Grand Island. It never enters Amherst. The I-290 and I-990 are both in Amherst.
If we want to explore the whole weird complicated Superman-Lois issues, [Man of Steel, Woman of Kleenex](http://www.rawbw.com/~svw/superman.html) by Larry Niven is probably the best place to start.
Gee, I didn't know about the Cleveland radio station. I just saw "Baby It’s Cold Outside (Original Version" and my version first thought was "quick, go to the comments section and see if anyone has done the *Khan!!!!!* joke". Now, I got other more important things to do, like I need to buy a car with nice Corinthian leather.
Both the comic character and the political party were started in 1966. If I had to guess, both are named after the [761st Tank Battalion](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/761st_Tank_Battalion_(United_States%29), a group of African American soldiers from World War II. The military was later desegregated by Executive Order from Truman in 1948 (after World War II, and before the Korean War).
Technically the Comic character came first by a few months. Both are probably named after the World War II [761st Tank Battalion](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/761st_Tank_Battalion_(United_States%29) of African American soldiers.
"And for better or for worse, human nature is infinitely changeable – a fact seldom understood by the Crackpot Realists who often prowl the corridors of power." -- Arthur C. Clarke.
There was also a Marvel superhero movie that starred a black guy, and the next one that will come out will star a woman. These are the signs of the Apocalypse that the bible laid out for us. [It's in Revaluations, people](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BiNRdsgFjMY)!
Deus Vult, [Gott mit uns](http://www.aboutww2militaria.com/image/cache/data/Nov16/wehrmacht-heer-gott-mit-uns-aluminum-buckle--114084-600x600.JPG). These people are never racist scum. It's only a coincidence that these phrases are all out of literally Nazi propaganda books.
Italy, for some reason, always seems to be the least rational of the major Allied/EU powers. (The big ones normally being the UK, France, Germany, Italy, Canada and the US.) Not that Trump hasn't been trying to give them a run for their money these last two years.... this seems to be the Italian's saying "I can go dumber, hold my beer". Oy vey.
If you are that into Roman history, I would really recommend that you listen to Mike Ducan's podcast [The History of Rome](http://thehistoryofrome.com/episodes/). [Original web site](https://thehistoryofrome.typepad.com/). He covers all Roman history, from the original Roman Kingdom, through the Republic and Empire, up to the fall of the West in 476 CE. If you want to continue beyond to Eastern Roman/Byzantine history, there are some good podcasts out that cover that as well. Duncan did some AMA's at /r/History over the years, and his podcasts are really worth listening too.
The government doesn't censor KKK rallies, that is true. But your local hotel is not required to rent them their convention space either. Nor do I have to allow them to use by backyard for their barbecue recruitment drive.
I'm sorry, but he's not a zoo animal for your personal amusement. His private life should be his own private life. You don't get to pry into it because you want to. Really, you're how argument amounted to "make the crazy guy entertain me!". You're one of the major reasons why these kinds of subreddit rules exist in the first place.
It's a good law from that point of view. Health care providers -- in any capacity -- should not be making money from selling tobacco. Period.
People's taxes don't really go up when they get a rise anyway. We have graduated income taxes at both the Federal and State levels in this country. Meaning everyone pays the same taxes on the first $x amount of their include. So if you get a rise that takes you into a new tax bracket, your taxes only go up, at most, on the amount of the raise, not on the total amount you earn. For example, in made up numbers here, assume you were earning $40K/year, and the tax rate on it was 25%. If you get a raise to $50K/year, and that will bump you into a new tax bracket that began at $40,001 , you still only pay the higher rate on the $10K raise, while continuing to pay the old 25% rate on the first $40K. Nobody turns down a raise due to higher taxes because the system doesn't allow that even be a possibility. Those who claim they have either were dumb in turning down a raise or just making shit up out of whole cloth. Most likely the later.
SW:The Force Awakens and A:Infinity War both basically earned nearly the same amount of money. $2.068 B vs. $2.047 B. Not a big difference there. Avatar earned $2.787 B, and is in all time first place (non-adjusted). TFA and IW are 3rd and 4th place respective, with Titanic is in 2nd place (w/$2.187 B). As to the coming A: Endgame, I would give it the best shot of any movie in going after the Avatar take down. Especially since &gt;!Hawkeye is back! And Antman drove cross country. Hawkeye &amp; Paul Rudd will fix everything!&lt;.
Peter Parker stars in *Frodo Lives: The Musical*.
I don't know. It now tells me after doing a reload here that there are 1021 points for this submission that is 37 minutes old. While the #4 submission in the subreddit, that this is ranked beneath, is six hours old with just 860 upvotes. This is very weird behavior.
[Sorry, but no](https://theness.com/neurologicablog/index.php/no-atlantis-has-not-been-discovered-in-north-africa/).
There is no evidence of it other than the allegory from Plato. And there is nothing from after Plato published that shows that the ancient Greeks themselves read it as anything but an allegory. It wasn't even Thera. It was whole cloth fiction from Plato and nothing more. He was a good writer who knew how to use fiction when making an argument. Modern authors do this all the time. But it was fiction and nothing more.
But it's not faster. That's been my experience. The self-checkout equipment where I am.... each and every item needs to be scanned at least ten times before it properly scans. If I put a second item up on the shelf I take things from then nothing will scan. Why have the shelf there if I can't use it as a staging area from which to then quickly scan my items? And when you ask for assistance they 90% of the time actively refuse to help. I had a full cart of groceries once and nothing would work. I have left it all there in the line and told them "you'll want to put that stuff back" and walked out in a huff. The self checkout stuff doesn't actually work properly most of the time. I'm sorry, either open a regular checkout line or I'll shop someplace that will.
Clearly that man has no honour or humanity.
Moose are strong. But he was being piloted by a squirrel. So, that helps.
It's a light hearted parody. If he did it exactly like in the movie, it would have just been cruel and boring. It was actually pretty funny because of the faux-mistaken "closing"/ "cobbling" confusion. Also, you're crazy if you think he did it all in one-take in the movie. That was probably 20+ different takes edited together. Movies are not performed live.
Well,you see.... sure, there are some problems with Libertarianism when it is just applied to small numbers, like ten or one billion people. But if you let it loose on at least 7.5 billion people, all those problems just magically fix themselves. ^^^^/s
Don't oversell that. I don't think [P.J. O'Rourke](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/P._J._O%27Rourke) is a fascist. But then, he doesn't think children are technically owned by their parents like slaves or that your local library is really at the center of an international plot to control the written word. He's just a funny guy who liked drugs but still sort of liked Reagan.
I've been called a lot of stupid things as a mod. My favorite was that I was a Mossad agent trying to destroy Israel. Which I guess is what Mossad's #1 purpose is in some people's minds. There are a lot of weirdos out there. They like to rebel against mods cause mods are there cleaning up after their messes. Oy vey there are a lot of weirdos out there.
Cancerpes
It's a play on Sid Vicious. And either way, considering what happened to Sid..... it's kind of, well.... I don't think we know what kind of mental problems were involved with Sid Vicious, and I'm sure the drugs complicated it all to hell and back, but this joker doesn't understand mental illness isn't even trying to understand the problems a lot of people face Drugs, Alcohol, and other things are used by a lot people self-medicating. But the root to a lot of things of that nature is depression. And if it was fixable by "Manning up", then there would be a lot fewer suicides in this world.
[The Overpopulation Myth](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eA5BM7CE5-8) by [Hans Rosling](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hans_Rosling).
They haven't been taking about overpopulation for just a hundred years. Malthus infamous stupid essay was first published in 1798. Were more than 200 yeas into this line of stupid thinking. The world was supposed to have too many people on it before the War of 1812 happened. When do people figure out that "the world is going to end tomorrow" has been screamed by chicken little every year for more than 200 years now.... maybe chicken little isn't all that well informed about the topic they are claiming expertise in.
The solution isn't just nuclear, and it isn't just solar. It's both and other solutions as well. You will also need hydro-power, geothermal, solar plants, nuclear stations, and probably a few other things as well. The idea that there is one level to pull that fixes everything is crazy talk. There is never just one solution. The only people who talk about *Final Solutions* are the far right wing lunatics and they're very much **not** concerned about power solutions for people and industry.
Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders agree on 93% of all the issues. There is no real major disagreements between them other than imagined bullshit made up by one of the other. Trump, on the other hand, agrees with them on nothing. But sure, let's make sure the Democratic Left keeps fighting each other..... except that will just help Trump get re-elected. That will help nobody on the left, regardless of where they think they are in the far or moderate areas. When they are all moderates at best. Letting Trump set any part of the agenda is going to get everyone killed.
30 years? Anything new you want to build now will want to plan to remain in place for at least 50 years, and really planning for more like 100 makes more sense. The Hoover Dam, taking one example, went operational in 1936 and has now been running for 82 years. That's the kind of infrastructure that truly needs to be planned out.
HSBC does a lot of business in the United States. They are the ones who reported her to the US Justice Department. In other words, HSBC is happy to follow US law in this matter. If they don't want to follow US law, then they can leave the US marketplace entirely. Their choice. Either way, she knew all this and chose to lie to HSBC anyway, which the the core issue here. She thought because of who her daddy was that she couldn't ignore the law. Well, she and the country of China just found out that ain't true. And that's how it should be.
Employees of the Chinese Government don't have to answer our questions.
If they don't want to do business in the United States, then HSBC is free to pull out of the United States market anytime it wants. Likewise, companies that do business in China are expected to obey Chinese law. Or are you advocating that no US Company currently doing business in China should be expected to observe Chinese laws? Because if so, the Trump administration will be happy to land some Marines and start partitioning China.
The Greek-Egyptian Ptolemies never had the weird dumb people that the Spanish Hapsburg line produced. And the Ptolemies were several generations of brother and sisters, unlike the Hapsburg's, which was only cousins. The issues with the late Ptolemies was more related to Egypt being a vassal to Rome. Egypt wasn't weak because of anything wrong with the various Kings and Queens, it was weak in comparison to Roman strength.
Airport operators don't buy the airplanes. The Airlines buy those. And either way, 787's don't fly into or out of Buffalo. The Buffalo airport gets traffic from aircraft more like Embraer, Bombardier, Airbus 320 series and Boeing 737s, with a few older McDonnell-Douglas MD-80 and MD-90 series aircraft as well. 787's, 777, and 747's (and the airbus competitors, A330, A340, A350 and A380s) just don't come to Buffalo. Our local airport could probably handle 757s and 767s, but those are big planes that carry too many people for most trips. BTW, as I'm a bit of an Airplane freak I did a little research last night. The largest aircraft to come into Buffalo Airport in the last two years are a few 757s being used for Cargo by Fedex. Normally to large Fedex sites in Memphis and from a few other very large Cargo centers they use. I couldn't find any being used for passenger travel.
There is also another thing that happens at the United Nations. A lot of countries like to play the game of attempting to embarrass each other. The US is often a target of these kinds of votes, especially on non-binding votes. The vote is non-binding so they don't have to follow it, and the vote is held to see if any of the Five Permanent members of the Security Council will vote against it. Sometimes none of the big-five votes against and all the other Ambassadors start tripping over themselves to change their countries vote to be against. The nobody accidentally thinks it would be a good idea to take the vote to the Security Council where it might pass in such a way that the vote would become binding. There are a lot of cases where Russia, China or the United States are being relayed upon to vote against. Then everyone else can say "Hey, we're on record of being in favor of that, but Russia/China/USA is against it so we can't do anything". Sadly, one of the areas this happens is in environment effecting things. Everyone knows that the US will be against it so they don't have to worry about actually having to do anything themselves. There are at least 130 countries that actively depend upon the US to vote against a lot of things. If the US changed it's position, they would all do likewise in order to avoid having to do anything.
There is the North American continent and the South American continent. They are not the same continent anymore than Africa and Asia are the same continent. This is basic geography.
Yeah, Guatemala is planning to topple the US government and their Catholic hordes will impose Sharia law upon the United States. I read it on an internet site once, so it must be true. Take your conspiracy rant and find somebody else to bother with it. I ain't buying your BS.
But I need the opium, man. Look at the news. A several time bankrupted failed business leader was elected President supposedly because he's a great businessman. And don't get me started on [the Catholic Church](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VABSoHYQr6k). The Opium is only thing that keeps me sane!
Do you not think it's possible for some companies to both make money and also improve the world at the same time? Or is making money always a net loss for everyone involved no matter what in all possible frames of reference?
Then what about the long in place Swedish agreements with NATO that in the event of full on war with the Soviet Union/Russia, and as massive invasion of Western Europe is taking place, that Sweden will immediately place it's full military under NATO command? As it is now, Sweden all but officially a member of NATO. Why the hesitation over the last half step? Finland has a similar agreements in place with NATO. Both Sweden and Finland regularly take part in NATO military exercises. Finland was once part of the Russian Empire, so I sort of understand that, considering they only got out of that in 1917. But Sweden has no such ancient connections where they need to worry about old family relations or some such.
Please remember that jury nullification was more than super abused in the pre-civl rights era South as a get out of trouble free car for the Klan and similar other groups that liked to abuse the African American population for shits and giggles.
Democracy doesn't exist in Oman. [Democracy Index](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Democracy_Index). Israel is ranked #30, Oman is #143. Below those bastions of democracy, such as Zimbabwe, Iran, Cuba and China. Where as Israel is ranked above several EU countries.
Where is there a gay bar in the Arab world? Israel has hundreds. Also, 30% of the Knesset seats are held by Arab political parties. Let me know when Iran, Iraq, or Saudi Arabia allow Jewish political parties to exist and their representatives to elected and seated in their Parliaments. Something Israel has always allowed for its entire existence.
France and the Soviets each sold Iraq 500+ times more equipment than the US ever did. Why aren't you screaming about them? I don't say "I wonder why?" here. I don't wonder why, I know it's because your an ignorant idiot.
I would assert that they are indeed running apartheid states. States that was near 100% successful in mass exterminations of Jewish populations. Baghdad was once over 15% Jewish population. Today it's Jewish population is less than 10 individuals. Where as Israel has had Arab representatives in government at all times in it's entire existence. And again, 30% of the Knesset is Arab, many of whom regularly don't just criticize Israel, but are paid by Israel basically to criticize Israel. The Entire Middle East outside of Israel is run by people lower than Mafia hit men.
They are called exterminations because that's what history calls them. Not liking facts doesn't change the facts you fucking mass genocidal monster.
I would like to see NATO, the EU and NAFTA (or whatever it's not called) all integrated into one organization. Long term, I think that would make the most sense. Free Trade and Defense basically go hand in hand. And if Russia doesn't like it, fuck 'em.
&gt; ....which is something the PM, who voted to Remain, would presumably want, yet cannot support because her own party's voters - who we think still support Brexit - would cram her into a cannon and shoot her into the sun. There is a precedent in British history for what to do when a leaders of a party needs to do something their party doesn't like: Ramsey McDonald and his minority labour government that was held in place by the Conservatives. It's time for Labour to reach out to May and give her full support for canceling Brexit entirely. May brings 100 members of the Conservative Party. For Shits and Giggles, get the SNP and the Lib Dems involved as well. Combined they all more than control the House of Commons. And Boris Johnson and Jacob Rees-Mogg and the other idiots can scream all they want as the the rest of Britain tells them to fucker off. In return for this, May gets a short term guarantee that she's going to continue as Prime Minister until 2022. In return, Labour gets the Chancellor of the Exchequer and Home Office. May and her faction of the Conservative can have PM and the Foreign Office. The rest cabinet is a bare majority of Labour, but with several from the May Conservatives, and a few SNP and Lib Dems in a show of National Unity in saying "Boris Johnson is a Giant Twat". After 2022 they go their separate ways. May and Labour jointly compromise and in the process save the country from idiots who think three word phrases should substitute for real political thought. ("Brexit means Brexit" means jack, especially when Brexit meant several different things to different people. And what remains of Brexit right now is just a stupid suicide pact.)
Same can be said in reverse as well. Thalidomide didn't happen in the United States because the FDA has higher standards that must be met. I'm saying we should band together to make everyone better all around in all ways. I know, I'm a crazy person having ideas like that.
So you think the Baltic's doesn't currently have representation in the European Parliament? They do. They are small and yet they have representation. Why would they lose that just because there were a few more nations involved in such a body? What would be more difficult is getting the US population to settle for 30% control when the current situation gives them a perception of about 50% control with a hard veto they can use repeatedly. The problem is both those scenarios aren't all that much true. Just mistaken perceptions.
Yes, there are many more problems with EU regulations that such. But I'm sure they can be worked own in a negotiation between people who want to get something good accomplished for everyone. Of that, I'm sure.
Why aren't you excepting the 1970's referendum results?
30% of the Israeli Knesset are Arab political parties. That's because about 30% of the Israeli citizens are Arabs. Yes, they do get to live and vote in Israel. All they have to do is accept Israel's existence. They have held seats in every Knesset since the founding of Israel. Where as the Arab countries, several of which were 15-25% Jewish 1948, now have near zero Jews left in them. Baghdad in 1948 was 15% Jewish. Today there are fewer than ten individual Jews in Baghdad. The Jewish population of the entire Arab world was ethnically cleansing extermination is complete. And you sit around Justifying the Arab nations genocidal ways. You are a genocidal crazy idiot that nobody will ever listen too.
&gt; coming from an Israeli I don't have that honor.
When I lived elsewhere around the country, i normally was somewhat okay with Buffalo Wild Wings. At least they were real wings with a legit attempt. Always expensive as hell though. Lots of other places thought breading or boneless or baked was close enough. Oy vey. Where as in Buffalo, normally any local bar or pizza joint is normally pretty good and rarely terrible.
It will need to be regulated just like tobacco and alcohol. No legalization without that in my opinion. That's the way it's been done everywhere else. With that, fine.
Hemingway's.
Britain can do a full general election that involves over 600 separate questions in six weeks, why not a one question referendum in that same six weeks? The choices would be simple: Brexit on the proposed terms or remain. If that's not possible, then it's because Brexit it just a suicide pact that needs to be rejected.
She's so boring even her naughty crimes are boring. No, "well, I use to shop lift when I was a teenager" or "I smoked a little in college". Not even a "I liked that rock and/or roll music once upon a time". She makes Principal Skinner seem like an exciting guy.
He did come to the conclusion after experiencing it in a controlled situation. Where he knew his life wasn't in any danger. And he still had a brief panic attack in fear for his life. Thus he changed his mind on that issue. I would say when it comes to the Gulf War, Hitchen's was wrong for the right reasons. And when he saw that it wasn't working, he at least accepted that the people running it could never win it.
I don't understand that either. Why does a police officer get to keep their pension after they are convicted of on-the-job offenses anyway? That's something they should lose for any crime they are convicted of that is above a traffic ticket. If that don't like that aspect of being a cop, then they should be free to quit their jobs at any time.
Any doctors (surgeons or otherwise) who make statements like these should be stripped of their medical licenses ASAP. They are clearly dangerous to the public and any patients they may be called upon to treat.
But what about my plans to make bionic bears with embedded guns in their paws? That's still cool, right?
Chinese Politicians and PLA Generals have said such arrangements would have been possible. The Bush Administration simply wasn't interested in hearing them though. They would sure it was going to be easy going. Bush, Cheney and the neocons were all incredibly stupid. Nobody dug out old manuals from World War II on how to rebuild a country. People to help rebuild the French, Belgian, Dutch, and eventually the German governments and economies went ashore little just a few days after D-Day in June, 1944. You need to have those guys on the ground at the beginning of the war, when fighting is still happening, so that they are in place immediately when the fighting does eventually stop. Instead nobody of that nature visited Iraq until six months after Saddam's government was toppled. And that was six months too late.
And I wouldn't let Ben Caron operate on anyone I love. How I know he believes in the things I or my loved one needs to survive? Just because he believed and acted upon in last operation is no guarantee he'll do it for the next one. Trump told him patients don't need blood and now be blindly believes that bullshit.
How do I know he still believes enough to keep his patients alive? They show a clear willingness to change their beliefs whenever a defective bigfoot orders them too.
JP doesn't think about anything. Not even what he plans to have for dinner.
If you get convicted of a major crime committed in connection with your job (accountant embezzling money, police misconduct, anything we call a misdemeanor or above connected to your job) and you should lose the pension forever. Those who don't like a rule like that are free to quit their jobs at any time.
Is it wrong of me to say a human corpse and some ketchup? I mean, I'm on death row, right?
Good. Companies that deal in health care products have no business selling tobacco, a product that has just one purpose to exist in being a poison to kill it's users.
Except beer and snacks can be enjoyed in moderation. Where as tobacco causes 400,000 American deaths every year and is not ever enjoyed by non-addicts or those who don't soon become addicted. I'm sorry but there is no responsible way to use tobacco. The only reason it's legal is because it's been legal for the last 400 years. If it was introduced today the inventor and business backers would all rightly be immediately jailed.
Hey, everyone.... the death of 400,000 people every year is a "Oh hum, who cares about them?" situation that no one should be concerned about. I'm sorry, but family members are dead and they were murdered by big tobacco. And those who support this murder campaign need to be dealt with by any means necessary.
Anheuser-Busch makes terrible products. But it's possible to use those products, however bad they may be, responsibly. Tobacco has no purpose to exist other than as a poison. There is no "medical tobacco" or tobacco extract that kills germs for medical use. If Tobacco were introduced to society today the inventor and his business backers would all be immediately jailed for cause. And that would be them getting off lite.
Actually, Chinese history is littered with Barbarian tribal confederations that invaded China from time to time. The Mongols were not the first, nor were they the last. See the [Five Barbarians](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Five_Barbarians) and [Four Barbarians](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Four_Barbarians). Heck, the last Emperor of China was a [Manchu](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Qing_dynasty) and from that point of view, non-Chinese. Half the old Manchu heartland is now Manchuria in China, but the other half is in Russia. The half of Manchuria that ended up as part of China ended up there because the Manchu's had it within their own Empire that included China, and when that Empire dissolved to dust, the Chinese basically declared "possession is the 9/10ths of the law" and kept it.
Tobacco just, among other things, causes lung cancer, throat cancer, emphysema and is a major contributor to heart disease. There is no medical tobacco products that treat anything. It's just a poison and only a poison. We have laws about drinking and driving and they should be stricter. Caught once and that should be it. You should forever be barred from driving after one offense. That said, they still can be used responsibly. And there are indeed medical uses of alcohol. So it can stay with very strict enforcement. Tobacco we are stuck with as well, but there is no reason we can't make it difficult for those want to murder people by selling it. The very first Congress to pass laws limiting the sale of Tobacco was the Very First Congress. It's been being done in this country since the very beginning of this country. And I see no reason to not keep making it harder for the pro-murder and pro-death tobacco pushers.
&gt; Also, Saudi citizens who don't work for the Saudi government who were all wanted criminals of said Saudi goverment. I see you ignored that as well. Because facts like that are troubling things for your argument. Or, assuming you are a human being who lives in a country, are you the one responsible for all the actions of your government? Even in cases where you are a criminal wanted by your countries own government? Bin Laden was a Saudi citizen. He was wanted by the Saudi government. He did not work for the Saudi government or the Royal family. I know, you don't want to deal with facts because they are very inconvenient for your position. The Saudi government had zero to do with the 9/11 attacks on the United States. This remains a fact regardless of whatever other bad things the Saudi government has done over the years. Hitler and Pol Pot were both every evil men. But Hitlers crimes are not the crimes of Pol Pot. Nor vice versa. You appear to have trouble with basic concepts such as these.
Beer can be drank responsibility. That just isn't possible with tobacco.
WL, complaining about "woke" things.... you're better than comments like that. There are idiots in this thread complaining about Kathrine Ryan in this thread, and their one complaint against her is that she's a she. Proof that she's funny is easy to cite, any of her appearances on Mock the Week or Frankie Boyle's New World Order. Also, Kathleen Madigan is very much "woke", whatever you think that means. So would be Lewis Black. He'd just throw you into traffic while you complained about it. Same with Bill Maher. And then the other side are those complaining about DL Hughley in this thread. He's good too. I like Colin Quinn and those others as well. Which is why I find your "woke" comment so stupid. I know you know better. Is this show going to succeed in the US? Doubtful. But only because most TV shows fail in the US market. Mostly because good things normally take time to develop and American tv execs don't give a lot of shows that would be good time to develop into a good show. Seinfeld got moved around the NBC schedule for a few years while NBC carried it as a money loser until it found an audience. The most famous example of this is All in the Family. Today, if a show has problems the first few times it's shown, cancel it and move it. If it's not great from the starting gate, fuck it is how the execs do their business. Oy vey. Mostly because the idiots in this thread that complain about Kathrine Ryan and the other idiots who complain HL Hugely are all idiots. No show can survive both groups tearing into them. I want to give Lewis Black a flame thrower as a kind of comedy *permanent revolution* to the idiot audience problem. And WL, half my rant is not directly at you. But this thread is a god damned shit show. Those who got down voted in this thread deserved to get down voted. But all those who were up voted also deserved to be down voted to the basement. Oy vey, a pox on everyone's house.
Holy shit. 29 to 28.
There is another episode of MASH where one of the characters was dead, a ghost. Season 10, episode 10: Follies of the Living - Concerns of the Dead. He could talk to Klinger who was seriously sick for some reason. It is [worth a watch](https://www.dailymotion.com/video/x6gory4) as well.
Crosetti's death in *Homicide: Life on the Street*. The follow up episode where Frank (Andre Braugher) made the whole thing in refusing to attend the Funeral only to stand there in his full dress uniform at the end, saluting a guy he argued with a lot when the department refused to give him a department funeral. That was powerful to me at the time. I remember watching that with my mother. Very strong scene. Edit: The episode is [here](https://www.dailymotion.com/video/x54c9i6). The scene I talked about is at the end, but the whole thing is worth watching. Years later, Crosetti made a cameo in from the afterlife in the final tv movie. That was a great touch. They knew what they were doing on that show.
Canada has made bail amounts drastically lower. And high bail amounts are only given to those who can truly afford to pay them. Bail shouldn't be used as a method to convict the unconvinced. And that's largely how the United States currently uses bail.
Bail is determined by ability to pay in Canada. For really bad crimes where the person really should be held, just deny bail. If you are going to give bail though, it's based on ability to pay. So the wealthy have to pay higher amounts across the board as well.
I think she was expected to pass away but didn't in the end. Newt had no foreknowledge of that. He just couldn't wait for the grim reaper to swing though town.
Batavia has some decent local restaurants too. (Not chain places). So if you were thinking of just getting off the Thruway for a little bit to grab lunch of dinner, and relax for a few minutes.... you wouldn't be in danger of getting lost in Batavia, but it's large enough for you to drive down their main strip and see what place appeals to you for a bite. At least you're avoiding the Applebee's and Denny's of this world then.
I'm not one who believes in names all that hard. Jon's a Stark in my opinion. And Sansa, Arya and Bran agree with me. And Cat's a Tully. Though I'm using a "legal birth names rules don't apply here" ruling above, so maybe I'm getting bitten by my own rule. Either way, I guess not as clear cut as I was thinking originally. But I will say this, I don't care about legal, Jon's a Stark cause their his family. And that's what matters. Legal issues in a show where a good part of "what's legal" involves questions over who has the largest army is a mugs game.
Well, you only win at driving if you arrive at your destination at least five seconds faster than you did the last time you went to that destination. Or so a good number of idiots seem to think.
I want to see a video of them opening the package. I want to see them decide "This must be drugs". They might even say "I bet this is something high grade shit". I'll be in town all week.
Even then, AIDS has a long incubation period after the initial infection. He died of a heart attack less than a year later. Even if he contracted AIDS via his BS stunt here, he probably would not have tested positive for years. Which is just one reason why this is a BS stunt.
I mix it in with the mayonnaise. Put it on all my baloney sandwiches. Emm, Emm..... colors.
Almost like they are maybe paid to comment on the Internet by the Chinese Communist Party.
Duane Gish just ignores the fact that fraud is already illegal in China, Canada and the United States as he gallops on by selling more bullshit.
[Youtube Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jCuLqKpgVfc).
Hey everyone, say hello to Nish's mom.
Well, you are rushing from one extreme to another. Somebody says Iran is a bad place to be because they humans right there are bad, and instead you rush to the other extreme to justify their bad human rights record. You bring up the Shah, and bring up several misconceptions that a lot of people like to make as apologia for the Iranian government. First you refer to the government that was overthrown without mentioning the context of the situation in Iran in 1953. The Shah was not installed by the United States in 1953. The Shah was returned to power. The Shah was installed by the British and Soviets in 1941 when they jointly overthrew the Shah's father. The Shah's father was pro-Nazi. Next up, 1953 should bring to mind a few things. (1) the cold war was on. (2) When the stuff when down in Iran, when Iranian Prime Minster Mohammad Mosaddegh removed the Shah from power, Stalin had only died four months previous. Adding to the context that involves the Soviet Union, during World War II the British occupied Southern Iran. They left as soon as WWII was over in June, 1945. The Soviets occupied Northern Iran though, including the capital of Tehran, and they pulled out only in late 1947. More so, the Russian Empire and Soviet Union had been trying to gain Ocean ports on the Persian gulf then for at least 350 years at at that point. Simply put, the US and British, 1953, were fearful that the Soviets were using the Mosaddegh-Shah conflict as a pretext to take the Persian Gulf for their own. And in the greater Cold War context of the time, it was a legitimate fear. The Berlin airlift had only been required a few years previous when the Soviets tried to evict the French, British and Americans from West Berlin. Let's also remember that right now, the current Iranian government by the Ayatollahs has been place longer than the Shah was ever in power. Regardless of when you believe the Shah started in power in 1953 or 1941. How does the human rights record of [the current Ayatollah's governments compare to that of the Shah](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Human_rights_in_the_Islamic_Republic_of_Iran#History): &gt;The Islamic revolution is thought to have a significantly worse human rights record than the Pahlavi Dynasty it overthrew. According to political historian Ervand Abrahamian, "whereas less than 100 political prisoners had been executed between 1971 and 1979, more than 7900 were executed between 1981 and 1985. ... the prison system was centralized and drastically expanded ... Prison life was drastically worse under the Islamic Republic than under the Pahlavis. One who survived both writes that four months under [warden] Ladjevardi took the toll of four years under SAVAK.[18] In the prison literature of the Pahlavi era, the recurring words had been ‘boredom’ and ‘monotony’. In that of the Islamic Republic, they were ‘fear’, ‘death’, ‘terror’, ‘horror’, and most frequent of all ‘nightmare’ (‘kabos’)." Next, Iran has a worse human rights record than does Saudi Arabia. On a per capita basis Iran executes more than twice the number of people as Saudi Arabia. Since it's a per capita number, we know that the population difference between the two is already accounted for. The only country that executes more people than Iran is the People's Republic of China, and they have more than a billion citizens. And they barely execute more people than Iran in just raw numbers. (At least in their reported raw numbers.). And one last thing, you know how the second most hated person is to the Iranian government of the Ayatollahs is, after the Shah? The same former Prime Minster Mohammad Mosaddegh who had the spat with the Shah in 1953. Both the Shah and Mosaddegh were secular leaders who believed in secular government. So the Ayatollah's hate both of them. You are peddling nothing but apologia for evil.
Well, he was the person the movie "The Lobster" was based on. No really, but who cares about facts?
How many of those posts, when you did deeper, do you find out that the kidnappers are the police who probably took custody of the child to prevent the parent from doing something stupid, like sacrificing the child to Mephistopheles. Cause that's something all good parents are supposed to do and why would the police want to stop that. Nut jobs, justifying themselves being nut jobs since before time began.
I thought it was more of a "Low hanging fruit" style reference.
This is already submitted to /r/Videos. https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/a74f7p/youtubes_content_claim_system_is_out_of_control/ Do we really need to start reposted it again already?
Hey there, Sexy, how do you feel about incest?
Nehru sends his regards.
When Olivia Colman really get's kind of big in the US, someday the day will come when somebody will ask "So, do you think she'll be able to do SNL?". And that person should then be hit was a wet Numberwang.
She has been nominated for an Emmy and Golden Globe, but not an Oscar yet. She was most excellent in the Night Manager.
The sad thing here is, while Weatherly needs to be fired will be, but so will everyone else who makes that show. All the average Joe's and Jane's who do camera work, lighting, craft services, etc. They will all lose their jobs over this giant jackhole as well. At the same time, Weatherly.... fuck him. His comments told her are very much uncalled for and total bullshit of the lowest order.
From the article you didn't read: &gt;Gibson, McAskill &amp; Crosby, attorneys for HighPointe and Kaleida, have denied the allegations. They also blamed Myers for what happened, citing in court papers his "culpable conduct," an apparent reference to his disease.
I'm just going to highlight one specific word now. &gt;**his** I'm done here.
One of the funniest gags in the history of the species of weird and nerdy people, by which i mean the superior form of life on planet Earth.
The real pioneer (if that's the right term) of trash talk show tv was [Morton Downey Jr](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Morton_Downey_Jr.). Geraldo and Springer came later.
My mother was in hospice, where she was projected to be for about three weeks. In the end she was only there for nine days. They didn't want to give her the morphine drip she needed to manage the end-of-life pain from the cancer that was eating her innards because of worries about addiction. Let me reiterate, she was in a hospice, the place you go when you know you won't be coming out alive. Where they are supposed to manage the pain and make the passing as peaceful and pleasant as possible. So you can have some family around, maybe watch your favorite movie one last time. Only after me pointing this out and basically having a hissy fit and threatening to go to the local press to the finally relent in allowing her to die in something other than screaming agony. It was during that process that I found out there are federal agents in each hospital that oversee what the doctors prescribe. The doctors where afraid of these federal agents deciding they prescribe pain killers too much and then ruining their medical practice because they allowed a cancer patient who was going to be dead in a few weeks to die a comfortable death. Pissed me off to no end that. It's been more than ten years since that shit feast. I should have been able to do something other than have meetings with doctors, hosptial admin and those fucking federal agents trying to convince them all to just do their fucking jobs. I know that there are people who really do abuse opioid based drugs. But right now societies way of dealing with this problem is to make the lives of those with real pain problems more difficult. Taking away the one thing to allows somebody to function isn't an answer. That's just a simplistic bullshit approach that is easy to implement. Thinking is something those jack asses have great difficulty with, so the system is now structured to eliminate thinking.
The call letters of that radio station start's with K, yet it's based on Pittsburgh. That's weird. I thought the Mississippi was the dividing line for that. Turns out that there is a handful of K stations in the Eastern part of the US (ignoring the bit of weirdness that happens in the Mississippi area themselves, where established radio stations sometimes move a short distance and wind up on the other side). Learn something new every day.
Lighten up, Francis.
The Southern Dixiecrats actually just voted with the Republicans for a while. It wasn't until the early 1960s when they started to actively join the Republican Party. But from the Truman administration through to JFK, they were actively working with the Republicans on several issues.
Yeah, because the 2 minutes, and 55 seconds you spent watching that was a major part of your Sunday. Oh no, that is going to make or break you. To paraphrase Freud, *Sometimes a slightly entertaining 2 minute and 55 second video is just a slightly entertaining 2 minute and 55 second video*.
I think with China we may be looking at a weird example where the corruption has actually lead to the growth. If the leaders coudn't profit from modernizing the country, they simply wouldn't have allowed it to modernize. There is a very good argument to be made there that the corruption is why the growth exists in this case. Take the corruption away and the leaders would find other ways to be corrupt, ways that wouldn't involve economic growth.
It's more to do with hats for woman traditionally not being easily removable. Normally they were tied or pined to stay in place, period. You would only remove them if you were getting undressed at the end of the day. Where as hats for men normally were easy to take off. All of which is from before ether the 20th or 21st centuries. It's more a 18th and 19th century thing.
Actually, until Jan 3, 2019 it's because Trump's own Republican members of the House of Reps refused to pass the legislation he wanted. If Republicans won't vote for it, why would anyone think Democrat's would?
Filibuster.
Americans don't want a stupid wall. They do want some border security, but they have that now. Walls have nothing to with border security in the modern world. The way most people come to the United States is by driving over the border in a car and saying "I'm going over to see my friend, Bob. He lives in San Antonio/San Diego/El Paso/Tucson/(or pick another city near the border)" to which the border security guy looks them over real quick and then says "Thanks for your time, have a nice day". Then the guy driving over to see Bob doesn't drive back to Mexico later. No stupid ass wall will stop that. Even a magical wall from Game of Thrones wouldn't help here.
Weird. All I saw was a Klingon.
&gt;The trunk of the car looked like a mobile police narcotics lab. We had two bags of grass, seventy-five pellets of mescaline, five sheets of high-powered blotter acid, a salt shaker half full of cocaine, and a whole galaxy of multi-colored uppers, downers, screamers, laughers and also a quart of tequila, a quart of rum, a case of Budweiser, a pint of raw ether and two dozen amyls. Not that we needed all that for the trip, but once you get locked into a serious drug-collection, the tendency is to push it as far as you can. &gt;The only thing that really worried me was the ether. There is nothing in the world more helpless and irresponsible and depraved than a man in the depths of an ether binge. And I knew we'd get into that rotten stuff pretty soon. -- Hunter S. Thompson, *Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas*.
Hey, if you want to. Fine. As long as they aren't hurting anyone, each person is allowed to have their own weird quirks. To quote Jefferson, "It neither picks my pocket nor breaks my leg".
&gt; The Tocharians really interest me and it pains me that they're so mythologized. The BS made up mythology around them it normally built up from the few early similarities they seemed to share with the Celts. And a lot of those wackadoddles jumped right to an exciting made up adventure novel involving Scottish Highlanders in Ancient China. Oy vey, sometimes a little knowledge is a dangerous thing.
What would you call people who rail against other people in online forums in order to make themselves feel special and smart? Those people are always, without exception, brainless stupid narcissists. And the amazingly hilarious aspect of them is they brainwashed themselves, using high grain alcohol (very flammable) and a match. Not liking the mirror I'm holding up for you doesn't change the inherent properties of mirrors.
Your response was semantically equivalent to *I know you are, but what am I?* Oy vey.
It's geopolitical support for the International Economy. All countries need oil, including business partners of the United States. China, India, and Europe are all very thirsty for middle eastern oil. In general, it's in the US national interest that they get supplied with oil.
Much of the work in Japan was done by the Japanese themselves. The United States didn't really dictate much to the Japanese other than sometimes state the obvious "reforms are needed here". But the Japanese figured out they lost the war and accepted that fact of life, as such they themselves knew reforms were needed. The way the US governed Japan for the few years after World War II was never all that heavy handed. The one major change, oddly enough, was basically not just allowing the Emperor to remain in power but in recruiting him to assist in rebuilding Japan. It was a weird situation, nuance was the carrier of the day. In a weird way the Japanese were, early on, looking for the Emperor to retain some power by not welding it in the days during the American occupation. Where as MacArthur got the Emperor involved in talking to Politicians and not exercising power, but welding influence. But this welding of influence decreased the long term power held by the Imperial dynasty. These nuanced approaches left the Emperor in place while helping to turn him into a Monarch with no real power. There is no practical way to envision the Emperor ever becoming central to how power works in Japan again. At the same time, it did allow the Japanese themselves to skirt the issue of accepting some of the war crimes they committed. So their neighbors often get pissed when some local mayor in Japan makes some stupid statement about how [The Rape of Nanking](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nanjing_Massacre) never happened or it wasn't really bad or what not. Either way, Stupid is still stupid. But power dynamics did change in Japanese post war society.
Compare the US humans rights record of today to the US human rights record of 1945? Even Texas, our execution crazy state, isn't executing as many people. And the population had doubled. The US isn't as clean as we may have hoped progress would have brought us, but we aren't as dirty as many want to paint either.
A lot of what we consider modern Western Society is acceptance of things like Womens Rights, Gay Rights, Minority Rights, etc. Progress can be made in a Saudi Arabia that explicitly decides to keep executing anyone who is suspected of being a Homosexual. At the same time, that's not modern Ohio or modern Lyon and we shouldn't confuse such a vision of Saudi Arabia for them either.
Yeah, that was done fine and dandy in Iraq. No way will it go bad when the two Holiest cities in all of Islam are directly involved on top of sometimes like five times as much oil. The phrase "international worldwide death wish" kind of crosses my mind here for some reason.
The Western World often looks at the entire Middle East as a black box where everything is the same across the entire region. We don't know a lot about Morocco, and we don't know a lot about Kuwait, but they both seem dress in robes, both are Muslim, both are Monarchies, both see to say several of the same things during a short press conference, therefore, they must be the same. Which leads to a lot of confusion. And I haven't even dragged in the whole Arab, Turk, Iranian, major divides that Westerns often don't notice. At the same time, the Middle East often looks at the West and sees Russian, German, French, American and Icelandic politicians and people as near enough the same so as to ignore things we see as major differences as well. Nuance is often lost on both sides of these divides.
You do realize that the countries and regions really don't have letters on them, right? Astronauts don't look down and see the literal word "China" written on China when they are in orbit. Just think of the problems this would make for the United Nations when a new country comes into existence. How much worse would Sudanese problems be in Sudan and South Sudan would be if they had to build giant letters on South Sudan when it became independent. And how would they deal with Kosovo only being acknowledge by about half the world? They would need giant lights that turn off and on depending on which country the International Space Station was directly over. These would be major problems that don't have simple solutions. So they don't have the giant labels.
Also, I'm very good are geography. At the the same time, what advantage is it to the average farmer in Iowa to be able to point directly at Afghanistan on a map in a second or less? And what advantage is it to the average farmer in Afghanistan to point directly at say, Finland or New South Wales on a map in a second or less? I believe education is important, but I think questions like this are often brought up as more gotcha bullshit than legitimate issues. Those really worried about education should be talking about education directly more often and less about trivia.
I heard he prefers the name *Tom the Terminator*.
I dearly miss HST. He would have a take on our current predicament that help us now, I'm sure. One of my favorite quotes from Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas by Hunter S. Thompson: We are all wired into a survival trip now. No more of the speed that fueled that 60's. That was the fatal flaw in Tim Leary's trip. He crashed around America selling "consciousness expansion" without ever giving a thought to the grim meat-hook realities that were lying in wait for all the people who took him seriously... All those pathetically eager acid freaks who thought they could buy Peace and Understanding for three bucks a hit. But their loss and failure is ours too. What Leary took down with him was the central illusion of a whole life-style that he helped to create... a generation of permanent cripples, failed seekers, who never understood the essential old-mystic fallacy of the Acid Culture: the desperate assumption that somebody-or at least some force-is tending that Light at the end of the tunnel. This is the same cruel and paradoxically benevolent bullshit has kept the Catholic Church going for so many centuries. It is also the military ethic...a blind faith in some higher and wiser “authority.” The Pope, The General, The Prime Minister... all the way up to “God.”
WKUK doing their take on [Change For A Dollar](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R5mXRdjdYaM) from Mr. Show with Bob and David.
There are always some people who aren't aware of very obvious things. I hate to say this, but there are people who live in Washington DC who have no idea who the President of the United States is. As an aside, I envy those people. Also, the idea that because some people might not be able to be impartial after reading a news story that it means ALL people can't be impartial because they are aware things have happened on the planet, that equally loco. I also find it crazy that Australia has laws preventing some things from being published, but also takes great pride in the role they played in helping to expose [British state secrets](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spycatcher) that were supposed to be suppressed by order of English Courts. Then they want to get upset when the English do it in reverse? Really now.... Oy vey. Get real.
France doesn't have a law that prevents the reporting of suspects names until they are convicted. That doesn't exist. The French Media has been publishing the names of various terrorist attacks perpetrator suspects. Nobody's been even tried yet, let alone convicted. Yet the names are being reported. You are very much misinterpreting what these laws actually do. To the point of gross negligence (at best) on your part.
The Vet fixed Pluto. He's living with his own kind now. Neptune and Venus used to bully him all the time.
Prince was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame with no wait at all. He was inducted in 2004. The first year he was illegible for induction. One must have been active in music for at least 25 years before meeting the qualifications.
That's entirely another movie.
Hitler never repudiated his membership in the Catholic church. Also, the Catholic Church, on the orders of the Pope, said prayers for him every year he was Chancellor of Germany while he was alive. Even at the height of the war. Even while the Church knew about the Holocaust. And what words were on the belt buckle of every member of the SS? Gott mit uns. The Nazis clearly were not opposed to the Catholic Church. And the Church wasn't against them either. Not until after May, 1945 anyway.
Does anything else think this was influenced by [Videodrome](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Videodrome)?
It is a hole is security. That is true. But it's the kind of hole, that if you try and plug it up, just gets bigger. You have to accept on a certain level that the information normally gets out. You just want to make sure it gets out in a questionable enough way for as long as possible to sure security can be 100% by the time anyone knows for sure. If you try and block these little edge leaks, they become less questionable and more like you are standing there yelling into a bull horn "Secret Presidential Visit to Iraq". When up to a certain point they want people to not know where the secret trip is going. A secret trip for a President to meet with the leaders of Germany or Italy would be weird, but it would be different situation to him visiting Iraq or Afghanistan. And you want to keep people guessing for as long as possible. Plugging these little edge leaks might very largely tip the hat on the destinations and stuff. And that would be worth in the long term than just accepting that there are something little information flows you can't stop.
The guy suggest the Dutch Cancer society. If that doesn't work for whatever tax reasons, but they responded with "How about the Polish Cancer Society instead, as were based in Poland?" Do you really envision the Photographer here responding with a *No, not good enough*?
Are there Spanish Tapas Restaurants in China that also serve Italian Pasta, Russian Borscht, Swedish Pickled herring and Greek salad all along with a weird copy a Burger King Double Whooper with Cheese? Cause if so, I'm both a little afraid yet still oddly interested in what it's like.
Have you been to an Eagles game? NY got nothin' on Philly.
Not unless you have access to Youtube.
It's not something you see everyday. But he doesn't want a real explanation. He wants to be told it's aliens or ghosts or vampires or the ghosts of alien vampires. He seems to want some spooky BS instead of knowledge.
I didn't mind Kenneth Branagh in the part. It wasn't a perfect film, but it wasn't bad either. It was done more in the Peter Ustinov style than . It was a bit of fun. I liked Ustinov back in the day too. But in going from a pore in universe structure, David Suchet is probably the best there has ever been.
Either way it's that evil van Houten clan.
&gt;f her confidence went up or.... Or she felt "this feel stupid", and I know when I feel like that I smile a lot more. Other people don't know why she is smiling all the time, and think that she is flirting with them or something like that. The way to properly run a test like this is with several different people in several different types of restaurants. This was done in a coffee place. You need to do it at more normal restaurants too.
Citation needed.
The war on science is just a war on the American people.
The major reason some people would say they went to Europe rather than specifying countries is sometimes it would be a long list of countries. When I was younger, my parents took on vacation to France, Germany, Switzerland, Austria and Italy. Three weeks of educational stuff. All in all, was in Germany the most on that trip, but that was maybe eight or nine days of 21 or 22 days. Americans don't see the distances between European countries as large. I have driven 2000+ mile distances in the US myself. I've been to a lot off places now as an adult, mostly business travel and so when I have traveled I mostly end up on one country doing stuff. But I've had my share of business trips to the UK where I've had to do a few things in the Netherlands and Belgium. I was in London once, needed to do something in the Netherlands and figured while I was there, there was a data center in Belgium I should see too. Didn't need be there, but I was just a few hours away so I went to see it. Stuff was going to be installed and I wanted to make sure I had all the info rather than just. In the past, I've driven from Orlando to upstate NY (~1300 miles) in less than a day before. Then back. Several times. I've done several other similar types of driving trips as well. In short, Americans don't think driving 600 miles is a long trip.
That's the truth. A lot of people don't like Trump. Myself included. But a good number are anti-Trump in the same way Trump is pro-Trump. Facts they don't like aren't real a good amount of the time. Having a discussion about Saudi Arabia with people can be disappointing. They don't like the Crown Prince, but point out that Talal bin Abdulaziz Al Saud, was known as the Red Prince and who recently passed away, a wanna-be reformer, one of the problems he had with the Crown Prince was that the CP was now allowing Woman to drive. Yes, he wanted to put some basic Democratic reforms in place, but he also didn't see women as equals to men. A lot of the issues with the Middle East are choices where you pick your poison. A is bad. B doesn't like A. That doesn't mean B is necessarily a nice guy either. Sometimes countries support people or policies in spite of various draw backs that may exist. The Reddit user back, too often, doesn't want to understand that complexities of international politics. They think the US gets Oil from Saudi Arabia and that's why we have a relationship with the House of Saud. When in reality it's more about how the US wants to see American trade partners, often people who we have other conflicts with, supplied with Oil so their economies can produce goods to trade for. The US gets more oil from each Mexico, Venezuela and Canada, by far -- on the order of multiples of ten and twelve times as much oil, then it gets from Saudi Arabia. And that's leaving out the oil the US produces on it's own. And the US produces as much oil as does the entire Saudi Kingdom. The US is worried less about the US economy when it comes to relations with the Saudis, and more to do with the world economy as a whole there. But people like to scream at the US, when the six major EU powers all individually import more Saudi oil than the US does. But screaming at Spain, France, Italy, Poland, the UK and Germany.... they don't have much in alternatives. They need to import Saudi oil pretty much regardless of Saudi Arabia's other polices short of nuclear wars. As such, no matter how much you scream at them, no matter how much they might want to source oil from elsewhere, they can't change their oil source in major practice terms. Reddit doesn't like nuanced discussions on a lot of things. This is just one of the topics I normally attract down votes on when I try to explain why things are messed up. They're messed up because it's very, very hard to fix them. But people want to hear easy answers. Edit: See. The downvotes of me here are proving my point. The US doesn't really import a lot of oil from Saudi Arabia, or the middle east even in general. The oil the US doesn't produce for itself largely comes from Mexico, Venezuela and Canada. All US oil imports alone from Venezuela are greater than all US oil imports from the entirety of North Africa and the Middle East combined. Yet people don't like to hear this truth and so they just down vote it in attempt to deny base reality. The major purchasers of Saudi oil are (1) the Europeans, (2), the Indians, and (3) the Chinese. The entire rest of the world is a side market to the Suadi's in comparison. The reasons for this are simple geography. Saudi Arabia is closer to Italy and India than it is to the United States. Likewise, that is why most Venezuelan oil comes to the US. No matter how much the two governments don't like one another, they are forced by geography into a business relationship. Geography doesn't care about your politics.
And how much planning would they put into it? Because Florida to New York and Paris to Berlin are both pretty easy with very near zero planning.
I find that proxysite.com almost always works to get them when that happens. I have to use EU5, but other's commonly recommend EU2. So you might have to play with their options, but I know it works for me.
[Art Bell](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Art_Bell) is passed on now. We are just going to have to accept that.
You shouldn't wear crocodiles on your feet. Alligators are much for comfortable.
Copying files from one networked machine to another is a trivial problem that was solved 30+ years ago. Image files would be simple things to copy back and forth. And to be honest, that is most of what people want to do most of the time. Copying some kind of slide show between machines while the slide show is happening.... that would be more difficult. But 99 of the time people don't need fancy. People just need to implement the simple things. And that is more them learning how to do it, and less it not being possible.
He doesn't know how to right click on his My Computer icon and click manage and the setup a shared folder. The problem there is it would be easy to tell him how to setup a simple share, but he might open a big old security problem for himself if he sets up poorly. He needs to learn how to properly. He's more complaining just to complain.
I could go all wacko here and accuse Musk of being a Pedophile here, but maybe instead of looking for excuses for the idiot, why not just accept that he said something he knew to not be true because he momentarily thought winning a twitter fight was more important to him than anything else in the universe? We've all been there at one point or another, but most of us not have thousands of fanboys who will make excuses for our moments of prime stupidity.
Most Sir Whoever's are [Knights Bachelor](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Knight_Bachelor) which is related to, but not necessarily part of, the Orders of the British Empire. It's possible to be a Sir Whoever with just a MBE, OBE or CBE if you are separately made a Kt.
She's paid $14 million a year. You know why? Because her fans love her for all the same reasons Reddit dislikes her. The more we complain about her here, the more money she will make. The answer here is [*Just Don't look*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SlKao_Pox5A).
Same is true for network file shares. If you have limited bandwidth, then the network file shares will seem slow because the underlying network is slow. But the cause of any slowness is not something inherent to file sharing, it's going to be the underlying network paths that matter. Your experience is going to be because you've worked for cheap companies that don't implement good networking standards your company actually required.
How was his policies any more immoral than those of anyone else? The world we live in is a lot of the problem. I'm sorry, but I'm very much a believe in accepting that we don't get to choose the world we live in. There are bad people in this world, and American foreign policy can't ignore that just because it's an unpleasant fact. This idea that only nation states can wage war, for example, is just something we know isn't true. It's never really been true. There have always been instances of terrorist organizations. I didn't just vote for Obama twice. I would have voted for him a third time. I effect I did vote for him a third time when I gladly voted for Hillary Clinton. Not liking the modern world doesn't mean we don't have to live in it. That's the delusional Trump solution -- blindly reject reality -- and it's clearly not working at all.
&gt; I pointed out items about Pres. Obama's foreign policy which have led to a decrease in trust in a region of the country for the United States Here's the thing. You think that's what you said, but you didn't. You never said what would have been a better policy because on the reality that some policy has to exist to replace what you think you didn't like. You are just blinding believing that reality that get a say here. There are bad people in this world. Bad people who do bad things. They aren't going to stop just because you refuse to believe they exist. The Presidency is often not a choice between doing the good thing vs. the bad thing. It's often a choice between doing the least bad between multiple bad options. You're original example, they were going after Bin Laden. Tell me, was NOT going after Bin Laden an actual viable option there? I hope you know that wouldn't have been considered a viable option by anyone other than nut jobs. The choice is often in picking the best outcome from a choice list that is only includes bad options. In effect, choosing the least bad option. Rejecting base reality is not really allowed. Not unless you think suicide is the best of the bad options, and in that case there are easier ways to get that done.
&gt; There is always the choice to do nothing And there are also cases where doing nothing is worse than doing something. In the case of the Presidency, there will even be scenarios where doing nothing is worse than doing anything else, no matter how bad bad the thing you choose to do may be. &gt; He had been in hiding in the same house for years. You say that like you knew that at the time. Maybe you should have told somebody that, because it wasn't then known. You are basing your opinion now on knowledge you have that wasn't then known to the President or the US Intelligence agencies. You're like that news reader who makes fun of the weather man for getting it wrong occasionally. When all you do is read text about stuff that happened yesterday, but seem fit to think your in a credible position to criticize the guy who literally predicts the future successfully more than 90% of the time.
&gt; But it is still preferable to me to not elect to do evil. The problem is when you face situations where your inaction will cause a greater evil to happen. Not liking that the nature of our planet presents you with bad situations does not mean you just sit in a corner and refuse to accept that the bad stuff is going to happen. If you can minimize the bad, to the majority of us that's a net win for the species. And I'm sorry, but you are using phrases that you know to be wrong. You say "Unrestricted drone warfare" when you damn well know that isn't the case. There are restrictions on how it's used. They are not as high as you think they should be, but "unrestricted drone warfare" is a phrase you 100% know is made up bullshit. And you literally just used the phrase "not elect to do evil." You are just as willing to make up things you know to not be true. You're not even the idealist you want to claim to be. Obama didn't do anything that any other President of the last 75 years didn't already do. Obama was the best President the US has had since Nixon. You want to criticize Obama, fine.... by criticize the rest of them then as well. But you refuse to do that because you know the nest question would be "What would you have really done differently?". And you know you don't have an answer there. Obama used drones because he was the only one who had drone available to use. But in every one of those cases you bitch about Obama using them, every previous President would have been happy to send a full squadron of bombers instead. Obama's drones, if anything, did less damage and killed fewer people. But you don't see that as a net good.... and at the base of it, when all your shouting and whining is done, your complaint is "he wasn't 100% perfect". You are happy to let the unobtainable perfect be the enemy of the good. &gt;None of this has to do with the original discussion which is around distrust. And this is where I say you're 100% fully wrong here. This is the discuss that important. Why? Because it shows that people get distrustful because they actively refuse to think about things in logical ways. You are starting with a conclusion and justifying it regardless of the facts on the ground. I'm starting with the facts on the ground and looking for the best outcome. If that means a few eggs need to get scrambled, then so be it. But not accepting the base reality simply is not an option.
In the US coal mining is very automated. Those miners who are there are in support of mining machines. There aren't millions of miners anymore because giant machines do the job safer, easier and can do it 24 hours a day. There are about 30 thousand coal miners left in the US because that's all that are needed. The industry still exists, just doesn't need a million miners anymore.
The miners jobs are still going to be slowly going away. Coal mining it largely automated with giant mining machines now. Those miners that are left are in support roles to help the giant machines function. All the subsidies in the world won't increase the number of miners.
It's not actually true. Which is why I mentioned that when I said it was a apocryphal story. That said, the Danish government did secretly work to get their small Jewish population of of Denmark, normally attempting to smuggle them into Sweden. At the same time, their wasn't exactly a large Jewish population in Denmark before the Nazi Germans occupied them in 1940. Less than 10,000 Jewish people are somewhat easier to conceal than the millions that were elsewhere in Europe.
If they just told them not too, why did several disappear to never be heard from again less than 24 hours after making the suggestion? They all just ran away from home and never checked back in, even after the cold war concluded? Why do I get the impression that you think no Polish Officers are buried in shallow graves in Katyn Forest. You probably have a bumper sticker on your car that says "Lavrentiy Beria did nothing wrong".
Charles I was head of the Armed Forces that chops his head off. Richard II was head of the Armed Forces that starved him to death. Edward II was head of the Armed Forces that supposedly rammed a red hot piece of iron up his ass. Okay, that's probably a later fiction, but they at the very least smothered Eddy with a pillow (or maybe a blanket). And while they didn't kill James II, they did chase him out of the country entirely. He remembered what happened to his Grandfather and didn't want to lose his head. I will also point out that the final orders for the British navy, in the event of a nuclear war, are actually written directly in the name of the Prime Minster who signs off on them every time a new PM takes office. This idea that the military would be loyal to the Monarch in anything other than ceremonial fashion is gravely mistaken.
Don't you mean Philip in an SUV running down people trying to cross the street?
Ah, yes. The United States is much larger than Finland and it's inherently impossible to break down the United States into smaller population blocks -- we could call these smaller hypothetical blocks "states", maybe with individual names like New Jersey, Rhode Island, Nevada, Wyoming, South Carolina, etc. -- and then solve the problems of those smaller blocks one by one. But since those smaller hypothetical blocks could never come into existence, we must therefore just conclude that Americans are instead just fundamentally stupid and nothing can ever change or become better in any way. [We've tried nothing and were all out of ideas](https://www.youtube.com/watch?reload=9&amp;v=QG8Yr5tkyTg).
You either want the UN to exist or you don't. If you don't, then it can be used a forum to maybe settle some international conflicts before war breaks out. Well, the only way the five great powers were going to play was if they had a veto. The League of Nations failed because not all the great powers were members. The United States never joined. The Soviets, Germans and some others were only invited to join years after World War I was over. If a country quit, then the League lost influence on them entirely. And several countries did quit the League, including Japan, Germany, and the Soviet Union. In short, Pragmatism. Reality exists no matter how hard you may wish otherwise. And the United Nations, while clearly not perfect, has helped to keep the peace at times. Don't let the perfect be the enemy of the good.
And how do you think the United Nations could solve that? No matter what sort of way you play around with the structure of the UN, Russia still will have thousands of nuclear weapons. Is your empty rhetoric a good enough reason to get hundreds of millions (if not billions) of people killed?
Believe it or not, but the Chinese did not settle in Taiwan until after more than one European country had already done so. Taiwan only became Chinese in the 17th century. Taiwan being the original homeland of the Austronesian peoples -- Polynesians, Micronesians, and other peoples of South East Asia-Pacific region from Madagascar in the West to Easter Island in the East.
Actually, in this case it is binary. If you want the UN to exist, the five permanent members of the security council get a veto, or they walk. At which point the UN will cease to be any benefit to anyone for anything. Not liking this fact does not change this fact.
That was the very feature that made the United Nations possible. Without it, the UN doesn't exist. And none of the good that it does gets done. That's clearly not crippling it -- it's the feature that makes it all possible.
I've already answered this stupid point. ---- And how do you think the United Nations could solve that? No matter what sort of way you play around with the structure of the UN, Russia still will have thousands of nuclear weapons. Is your empty rhetoric a good enough reason to get hundreds of millions (if not billions) of people killed?
You can want things that aren't possible all you want. I want to be able to fly like Superman. I can want that will all my heart, it doesn't help me in the slightest. And if I take it to a point of stupidity, my wanting that might actually cause me and others great harm. Politics is the art of the possible. What you want doesn't matter if ain't possible.
I think the Chinese military knew where the hotel all the reporters were staying in as well. The famous video of Tank man was taken from a hotel window. The military searched that very hotel soon after the video was recorded. The reporters who took the video hid it in a bathroom toilet. Soon afterwards the reporters each took copies of the video and went to the airport and flew out on the very first planes they could buy tickets on. They knew they had to get it out of China. They knew it was important.
Yeah, that's why the leaders of European Union, Japan, United Kingdom, Switzerland, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, South Korea, Denmark, Norway, Sweden, China, Russia, Brazil, South Africa, and most other world countries all got invaded and murdered for operating their own currencies. All currencies world wide are run as fiat currencies. Every last one of them. Gold is useless as a currency in the modern world. It's literally just a shiny rock with very little actual use to it. (And those of you who bring up it's use in electronics, remember that entire use of gold doesn't add up to even 100 MT of gold across the entire world. It's a very small amount and in no way accounts for the stupid value people ascribe to gold. Post-it notes use more of the world wide supply of paper than golds use in electronics contributes to the gold markets. And for some reason paper ain't worth what idiots think gold is worth.) “Gold gets dug out of the ground in Africa, or someplace. Then we melt it down, dig another hole, bury it again and pay people to stand around guarding it. It has no utility. Anyone watching from Mars would be scratching their head.” -- Warren Buffet.
This idea that the amount of gold in the world is fixed is just wrong though. Which is why the economy of the world greatly change whenever there were large gold and silver supplies discovered anywhere. The Spanish, when they conqueror their Empire in the new world, got a literal mountain made of silver in the deal. The world wide silver market collapsed as a result. The Spanish did fine, but every other economy around the world splashed into the toilet. The Chinese economy, which used converting salt into silver as part of the way peasants paid taxes, experienced massive numbers of attempted revolutions that took generations to stabilize. All caused by a giant mountain made out of silver in Peru that the Spanish were mining. All that silver did nothing for nobody who wasn't the Spanish though. And literally caused the Spanish to basically turn everyone in Peru into a slave. Wonderful things precious metals do there. Collapses of global markets, turn everyone in some countries into literally slaves. Yeah, only positive effects. There is a reason nobody uses gold and silver as a basic of currency anymore. It's because they sucked and never actually worked.
So, you are clearly saying that the Saxons defeated Charlemagne when history and the four million dead Saxons tell us differently. Likewise, the Mongols lost every battle they ever fought and no Mongol ever ruled either China, Persia or anywhere in-between. I'm sorry, but it doesn't always work. We know that. It failure often lead to whole nations and peoples disappearing from history entirely. Your not liking this fact in no way changes this fact.
The American revolution didn't work because of Asymmetrical warfare. The Colonial Forces were being routed during all those phases of the war. The Colonial American Army won after it had been built into what was then a modern military force by French and Spanish aid. And the very largest battle of the American revolution didn't have even one Colonial Soldier or even adviser present at it. The largest battle of the American revolution being the Great Siege of Gibraltar where French and Spanish forces tried to evict the British. It failed, but it was a fucking close fight. And in 1783 at the end of the battle, the British decided that Gibraltar was more important to Britain than every single American colony combined. And that assessment was very much correct. So yeah, back out of the war, let the idiots go and keep the better parts of your empire. The American victory in the Revolution wasn't Washington or American courage or anything like that. It was French and Spanish cash that made it all possible. And really, that is still how wars work today. Yes, very little done by the Americans themselves gave them the victory in their own revolution. It was a gift from foreign powers who wanted to shove their thumbs in the face of the British.
It's about CPU design, not the GUI user interface. Two different things.
You say 3 were British and then include (and Canadian) as if the Canadians were British. No, two of the beaches were taken by the Americans, two by the British and one by the Canadians. Canada punched above it's weight class in that conflict and they should not just be folded just into the British as if they were some feeble afterthought barely worth a mention. Likewise, the Manhattan Project was a three was partnership as well. A good chuck of the research for it was done in Canada by Canadian physicists.
People forgot how important American production was for the Allied victory in World War II. The United States didn't just produce more war materials than anyone on the Allied Side. They didn't just produce more war materials than all the other Allied nations combined. The United States produced more war materials than all other war belligerents did combined. Yes, more than Britain, the Soviet Union, Canada, Germany, Japan, Italy, France, Australia, New Zealand, etc. combined. Just one statistic out of hundreds: After 1942, ever truck used by the Soviet Military was made in the United States. "Without American machines the United Nations could never have won the war." -- Stalin. "Today [1963] some say the Allies didn't really help us ... But listen, one cannot deny that the Americans shipped over to us material without which we could not have equipped our armies held in reserve or been able to continue the war". -- Marshal Georgy Zhukov. "if the United States had not helped us, we would not have won the war. If we had had to fight Nazi Germany one on one, we could not have stood up against Germany's pressure, and we would have lost the war". -- Nikita Khrushchev.
You could show Trump supporters pictures of him eating actual African Americans and wearing their skins and they would respond with something like "Would a person who truly hates all Black people deem them to be good enough for his dinner plate?". They won't just push the goal posts, they'd build whole new shrines to his stupidity.
I support that gas station worker completely.
He also decapitated himself and then mailed his own head to his wife.
In the beginning, yes. Toward the end, the Scientist guy here develops a vast amount of the respect for the party apparatchik in the scene here. The party guy basically started to figure out that the scientists aren't bullshiting him. Later on, I think is episode four (there are five episodes in the mini-series), that party guy loses his temper with his own superiors and screams at them for not telling the West Germans the true radiation readings. They had gotten an emergency robot from the Germans to help with the cleanup, but the Germans were given low radiation readings and so the robot they sent to help was destroyed by the high radiation levels before it could do anything. In the scene, he is on the phone to the Kremlin swearing at them and telling them they need to tell the Germans the real information. Then he smashes the phone into little pieces. These two guys develop an amazingly close relationship.
Most Iraqi oil is purchased by China and India. The United States gets very little oil from Iraq. US oil imports are from Canada, Mexico, and Venezuela. The small amount of oil from the middle east that comes to the USA comes though Saudi Red Sea ports. Even Iraqi contracts with oil companies are largely with European and Chinese oil firms. Total S.A. and China National Petroleum Corporation are the major firms that are involved in the Iraqi oil markets. It's weird, but the invasion of Iraq didn't setup American oil companies in the drivers seat there. The invasion of Iraq was so incompetent that it couldn't properly steal Iraqi oil.
At least we don't have literal 'Morality Police' units on the ground in the United States. The religious nuts who would love to implement that are held at bay somewhat by people who recognize that that would be evil. So, thankfully, it doesn't happen in the United States.
&gt; This does imply that they actually experienced better circumstances under the Shah. They did not. That's just not true. Under the Shah, during his entire reign, he killed fewer people than the Ayatollah's have in any since five year period since they came to power. And the Ayatollah's have now been in power for a longer period of since than the Shah was. I'm sorry, the Shah was not a nice leader of Iran at all. But compared to the Ayatollah's he was a saint. Then again, compared to the Ayatollah's Jeffery Dahmer and Charles Manson were saints. Either way, this does not speak well for the current regime in Terhan.
Yes, you say that "As a Christian", but at the same time you are probably the kind of Christian who doesn't hate gay people and accept that they are the way you envision that your god created them. Which is fine for you. That said, the people who are into Gay Conversion therapy *do not* that you are a Christian. As such, you saying that just makes them see you as some kind of evil heretic.
&gt;this one time he got half of the country convinced that when they leave the EU millions of pounds will be pouring in Listen to people who call into various radio shows in London. There are still lots of people out there who believe that money will materialize as soon as Extra-Hard Brexit is pushed through. From where, they refuse to say, but there are lots and lots of people who still believe in that BS.
And the new head of NOAA, Barry Lee Myers, wants to make sure the weather report created by NOAA and the NWS become basically a state secret that must never be provided to the public at large. But which must also be told to corporations like AccuWeather so that they can sell it to the general public. And this makes sense because Corporate Greed knows no bounds.
&gt; New leaders smear each other until one left Don't forget that all of the candidates to be the new leader say they plan to renegotiate the Brexit deal with the EU. The same EU that has specifically said is their final offer and that no further negotiations will happen. How you renegotiate a deal when the other party has made clear that they will not participate is a question for these philosopher divine. A question that these Conservatives clearly refuse to answer. Then again, Labour's one policy with regard to Brexit still seems to be that it will try above all to have no policy. None of British politics makes any real sense at this time.
If Labour was smart, they would really come out against Brexit and try and make a deal with the 100 Tories who are against Brexit in principal. That would shift the sands in the Commons enough to make leader of said coalition the PM. The problem for Labour in that scenario is those Tories would basically demand an ''Anyone but Jeremy Corbyn" as that leader who would become PM. But such a partnership where Labour got the PM and Home Office, the anti-Brexit Tories got Chancellor and Foreign Secretary and the rest of the cabinet mostly divided proportionally. Maybe even drag the Lib Dems and SNP into said coalition. That coalition could then kill Brexit and tell Jacob Rees-Mogg, Boris Johnson, and Nigel Farage to all collectively get bent. It's not like British politics hasn't involved similar coalition governments in the past either. The National Labour government in the 1930s was supported by the Conservatives. But it seems nobody is willing to do what needs to be done. Compromise seems to be off the table. Everyone seems to be demanding everything or nothing.
And the gun nuts who drool about shoot outs with the government would largely be on the side of banning even thoughts about abortion.
I know that Corbyn thinks he's privates Pro-Brexit. But he's got to know that if Brexit happens it won't be some pro-Labour version of it that the the Tories implement. It will be some god awful no deal, no food imports, no medicine imports, NHS sell off version that literally kills people.
Why even bother with a drug test at that point? If the person isn't the doing the job, why not just replace them regardless of the cause of their not doing the job?
No, they didn't fight for states rights in the slightest. The various states all issued statements as to why they were leaving the Union. Mississippi made this clear in their [declaration of treasonous rebellion](http://www.civil-war.net/pages/mississippi_declaration.asp) when they said: &gt;Our position is thoroughly identified with the institution of slavery From [Georgia's reasons for treason](https://www.battlefields.org/learn/primary-sources/declaration-causes-seceding-states): &gt;For the last ten years we have had numerous and serious causes of complaint against our non-slave-holding confederate States with reference to the subject of African slavery. Then there is the [Cornerstone Speech](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cornerstone_Speech) by Confederate Vice President Alexander H. Stephens, when he said: &gt;[I]ts foundations are laid, its cornerstone rests upon the great truth, that the negro is not equal to the white man; that slavery—subordination to the superior race—is his natural and normal condition. This, our new government, is the first, in the history of the world, based upon this great physical, philosophical, and moral truth. Or the statement by Confederate General James Longstreet when he said: &gt;If it wasn't about slavery, then I don't know what else it was about. Likewise, your claim that most Southerners didn't own slaves, while technically true on paper was not true in reality. Southern Plantations held lots of slaves. In 1860 some 40% of all human beings living in the south were Black Slaves. Well, on those plantations the slaves were officially owned by the owner of the plantation. Typically said person was a old white made who acted as the head of a family. But his family could and would make use of his slaves. When you instead account for control of slaves being a requirement over that of official ownership documentation, then those whites who had de-facto slave ownership dramatically increases to well above 70% of all Whites living in the states who joined the treasonous Confederacy. Facts remain facts regardless of your opinion. 2+2 equals four no matter how much you try and claim it's actually a potato. Edit: I also need to address the states rights claim directly. The South was not fighting for states rights when they left the Union. We know this because of a few facts. (1) The Southern States often said in their declarations of treason that the fact the Northern Free States tried to use their own laws to ban slavery was in itself an illegal restriction on their right to own slaves. They really felt that they had a right to move from Texas or Alabama to Ohio or New Hampshire and take hundreds of slaves with them if they choose to do do. And that the Northern states had no legal right to ban slavery. (2) The Confederate Constitution, which was mostly a copy/paste of the original US Constitution, had one important difference: slavery was to remain a forever institution in the Confederacy. No amendments the Confederate Constitution were allowed on the slavery question. Want to make an amendment that requires everyone to ware only pokadots on their birthday under the pain of death, that's a little crazy but allowed if you can get a super majority of people to support it. Want to make an amendment to remove black slaves from bondage, even in some far off time when everything has changed and everyone in the confederacy is now 100% totally against slavery, no matter how unlikely you may think the chances of that are? Nope, not allowed -- they must retain slavery no matter what. Period. These are very much positions that themselves are antithetical to states rights. Those facts, along with the issue that states rights doesn't get talked about much until reconstruction sets in. At which time they myth of Lost Cause takes over. And you can't create a myth about "We loved using people as farm animals". So it has to be some alternative bullshit narrative, and states rights became that alternative bullshit narrative.
Using facts is just going to be down voted at the moment. Confirmation bias and faulty memories are being replaced by wishful thinking. Which is exactly what they dislike about Trump in this case, but they don't understand that they are being exactly what they hate.
Which is the same time all those gas stations changed their name from Amoco to BP for some reason. Clearly BP has no actual control of them, they all changed their names to BP as part of a conspiracy more than a decade ahead of time.
One is long past the credit threat level when they send somebody a pig head. You want to move the goal post back, then I'm telling you that we're taking it to .000001 milliseconds after I drop my lit match. It won't have hit the ground by then, so clearly I'm not yet a threat. If you don't this, I just refuse to care. You want to be an unreasonable idiot, then you need to know I'm allowed to play that card as well.
Google limitations of the first amendment. One of the noted exceptions: Printing an anti-war leaflet in a language other than English is the legal equivalent of shouting fire in a crowded theater. Printing a leaflet in a language other than English saying you think war is bad and that one shouldn't join the military to fight in a war and one should resist the draft is a crime worthy of life in prison. We know this because the greatest defender of the First Amendment in the history of the United States, Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr., told us so in his court opinion saying so during World War I. And please note, the Supreme Court was unanimous in that decision. Yes, those are the base facts in [the case](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Schenck_v._United_States) about shouting fire in a crowded theater.
And the current DOJ guidelines say a sitting President can't be charged with any crime. So, what happens when the AG appointed by the President for Life claimant backs the man who claims said title? The issue here is that the heads of the various goverment departments and agencies will all owe their positions to the President for Life and the Senate that confirmed them. The only way to protect themselves will be back his coup. As such, as long as the GOP retain control of the Senate, the rest of the country gets fucked.
Hey man, you aren't in favor of an absolute Monarch who rules by divine right. This proves that you are clearly not a Conservative.
Same could be said for Wyoming or either of the Dakotas. Why not just force the Dakotas both into Expanded Nebraska and Wyoming into Greater Montana. Idahoians should choose between Washington and Oregon. And why exactly are there two Carolinas? And Vermont and New Hampshire need to be married into New Vermont, now with access to the Atlantic. And really, Utah and Nevada are mostly the same as well. And Rhode Island needs to move south to live with their new hetro life mates in Delaware, not that there is anything wrong with that. Washington has been run as it's own thing for more than two centuries. They have a population larger than several other states. The only reason to reject statehood for them is because one don't want them to have voting representatives in Congress.
Coerced confessions are a terrible thing. The police need to be able to question people, but when they keep them awake for 24 hours while plying them with coffee and not letting them use a restroom... let alone the time they actively threaten people with harm if they don't sign a confession or tell them what they want to hear. And none of it helps to make society any safer. It just allows a police officer to complete his paperwork and for prosecutors to have a high conviction rate. Judging offices and attorneys on empty statistics that don't mean anything makes for stupid outcomes by a system when it's corrupted.
Not really. It's just that the League of Nations required Unanimous consent to do anything or importance. The UN needs majority consent plus the five Permanent members of the Security Council (Russia, UK, France, US and China). This has made the United Nations much more effective that the League of Nations ever was. At the same time, it's not a perfect international body. But then, do you ever see a country such as Saudi Arabia (or similar countries) willingly joining such an international body? The perfect should not be the enemy of the good. And maybe the UN isn't even good, but it's better than League of Nations was by a long shot. The United Nations has prevented or mediated an end of several wars and conflicts. It has provided a forum for World Powers to have discussions even when they don't have diplomatic relations with one another. UN delegations can still meet at the UN to discuss pressing issues that require contact that officially couldn't other happen. Still, it's not perfect. But it's better then the alternative which is nothing.
["Will no one rid me of this turbulent priest?!?!?!!!!"](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Will_no_one_rid_me_of_this_turbulent_priest%3F) You are very probably correct. The Crown Prince probably didn't think he was issuing an official direct order. That said, he very probably was interpreted as giving said direct order to his security apparatchiks just as Henry II was thought to have done by his Knights when they went and murdered Archbishop Becket. In the end, Henry still was considered responsible for said murder by his people.
The leader of the House doesn't want to waste time on a political process that when the Republican members of the Senate will refuse to convict for their own political reasons. I can disagree with Pelosi while understanding her point perfectly. At the same time, Presidents should not be above the law. And right now the only thing that prevented the full investigations and arrest of Trump was a policy created by the DOJ and not a law that originated from the people represented either by Congress or the Constitution. Nobody is above the law is an American bedrock principal. Anything else is treason.
I understand the sentiment, but Secession is illegal and unthinkable in the United States. And needs to remain as such. The 1865 decision of South v. North decided that issue. There are other better remedies.
A policy with no legal basis for its existence has no legal existence worth discussing.
Tax brackets are calculated differently for married and single people. Single people always bump to a higher tax bracket before married people.
Also, [this documentary](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xw3SFOfbR84) from Sky TV, who were one of the production companies involved in the creation of the mini-series. Also, [the podcast is available](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rUeHPCYtWYQ) (link is to part one) on HBO's youtube channel.
I take it you have this confirmed every time you look in the mirror.
It can make various services cheaper though. Right now people are often paying taxes and insurance for something that would cost much less if we simply polled the two funds together. Then the total cost could come out of one funding source and people would stop being overcharged. "Free" is used to mean at the point of sale. As in free to use when you need it. People don't come up and randomly demand payment when you have something more important to think about. Which is what people mean by "free" health care. Yes, there are costs associated with it. But if we pay those costs in a logical way prices can come down significantly. If the government could negotiate prices directly with health care providers for the whole of society, then the providers will have to give the cheapest rate possible. This is called buying in bulk. If you buy 30,000 office desks they are going to be individually cheaper than when you buy just one item. I once bought a bunch of furniture for my home. The list price at the store was $8K. But when you want two sofas, a bunch of tables, a big screen TV, sound system and associated other stuff, the price of the whole package drops to a shade over $5K. And I didn't push the negotiation when they agreed to my price I was happy. At the time they agreed a bit quick, I probably could have gotten it all for $4500 if i had motioned toward the exit. When a person is having a heart attack, they don't have any negotiation leverage. But the government can estimate that X number of people in my state will have a need for heart attack care with the various hospitals and negotiate a rate with those providers. And that would save money for everyone who requires those services. If you take money from the two piles I currently pay, group it together as one large pile and return ##% that is now unneeded to me, that saves money I can then use to buy a newer batch of furniture. Or pay bills. Or funnel into my drug collection: &gt;“The trunk of the car looked like a mobile police narcotics lab. We had two bags of grass, seventy-five pellets of mescaline, five sheets of high-powered blotter acid, a salt shaker half full of cocaine, and a whole galaxy of multi-colored uppers, downers, screamers, laughers . . . and also a quart of tequila, a quart of rum, a case of Budweiser, a pint of raw ether and two dozen amyls . . . Not that we needed all that for the trip, but once you get locked into a serious drug collection, the tendency is to push it as far as you can. The only thing that really worried me was the ether. There is nothing in the world more helpless and irresponsible and depraved than a man in the depths of an ether binge. And I knew we'd get into that rotten stuff pretty soon.”
Let me preface by saying I'm against military ventures for several reasons. But I will say that Iraq could have been done intelligently. But the US military and the Bush administration just both actively refused to do it in an intelligent fashion. During World War II, the Allies were preparing for the post-war rebuilding immediately. Advisors to work with the French, Dutch, Belgians, and other countries reassembling their own self-government went ashore just says after D-Day. The Allies has military units that were responsible for protecting great works or art and buildings of cultural significance. When it was discovered that Hitler had given orders to use street fighting in Paris, the Allies were ready to postpone taking the city until the [German Commander](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dietrich_von_Choltitz) in Paris told them he was ignoring Hitler's orders. And even then the Allies allowed the Free French to liberate the city even though American soldiers had been better situated at first to liberate the city. They knew that allowing the French to go in first would mean something to them even if it seemed like a "who cares?" situation otherwise. During World War II there was even prep work done for the entire global economy to be reestablished and stabilized after the war. The [Bretton Woods Conference](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bretton_Woods_Conference) involved pegging various currencies to the US dollar, creation of the IMF and World Bank, and making preparations for financing of post war rebuilding efforts. When the US went into Iraq, the government there collapsed near immediately. And the US military did nothing to prop up local government services that society requires. And museums were allowed to be robbed even when the US military knew they were being robbed. The US went in, broke everything and took responsibility for nothing. Paul Bremer fired anyone who had been a member of the Ba'ath party. Fired anyone who had worked for the Iraq military. Fired anyone who had worked for the various police services. In Iraq, being a member of the Ba'ath party was a requirement of anyone who had any status. The local assistant head of a town parks department was a party member in name because it was expected. Just as in Germany people of status were often officially members of the Nazi party. Or in the former Soviet Union were members of the Communist Party. Germany went through a denazification process. But once people were clearly, they were allowed to help rebuilding the local governments. Not everyone who was a member of the Ba'ath party was a personal friend of Saddam Hussein or was guilty of crimes against Iraq or Iraqi people. The US tossed them all out. The reason the US military didn't want to do this stuff is that it's really a job for the US state department or even the United Nations. But neither of those organizations was equipped to do the job. Mostly because US or UN civilians didn't want to go in until it was safe. And until it's safe, they weren't going to go. After both the US state department and the United Nations had largely been against the war. The State Department didn't want to be forced to go along and so institutionally dragged their feet and the United Nations wasn't even officially required to play along and so they said no to various things in the early days. And so, a lot of the rebuilding efforts that should have been done weren't done. And that's because Bush and Cheney were idiots. They didn't want to open the old manuals from World War II and use them to keep Iraq stable and functioning. It seems they really believe their rhetoric that Iraq would magically turn into Ohio days after so called liberation. Iraq could have been invaded intelligently. If the US military had been given orders they couldn't weasel out of about doing nation building. If the US state department had been given orders to go into dangerous areas. If the President had maintained a better relationship with the United Nations leadership. "Okay, i know you are against the war but we both want to see Iraq successfully rebuilt. What can we do to help you help Iraq?" And the Bush team was a lot more intelligent and on the ball than the Trump team. Do you see anyone on the Trump team you think is planning to occupy Tehran and protect the local power stations or keep the the trash pickup schedule functional? It would all to shit. Iran would be destroyed and war lords will take over various areas of Iran. And a good number of them will see themselves in religious mind sets protecting the Iranian peoples from the American invaders. Some will be secular, but some will be people the Ayatollah views as religious extremists. And that is the same Ayatollah who runs a government that executes rape victims and homosexuals. Iran is three times the geography of Iraq, twice the population and it has giant mountains. Iraq was mostly flat. It just straight up can't be done in an intelligent fashion by this administration. And I would say that even it there was a competent US government in place, it's not the place of the US government to topple Iran.
That's the same Marx that every Chinese student is required to study in college. And last year the Chinese Communist Party [proudly celebrated his 200th birthday](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OLZf0jfCIoU) in his home town in Germany by erecting a giant statue of the man. The fact is that the Chinese economy is still at least two thirds the old state run enterprises put in place by the Communists but with Western educated planners in charge now..... and the elimination of many stupidities that were obvious mistakes. Ignoring this reality will get you no where. At the end of the day, there are still a lot of Communists in China. The model Xi follows as leader of China is not a Western Prime Minster or President, it's still clearly Mao with fewer rough edges and who somewhat shies away from using murder or violence as a first resort, but one who isn't necessarily afraid to use it none of the less. After all, it's a country that currently is using their prison system for organ harvesting.
Kong?
Ed Bryne did bad joke right before that the audience didn't like. Gamble's last joke was another joke with the same punchline. Because it was the last joke and because of their little back and forth before it was funnier the second time around.
The first novel (2001) and the movie screenplay were both written simultaneously with one another. Clarke always said neither came first and was based on the other. That said, there was the original short story "The Sentinel" that interested Kubrick to want to work with Clarke. But it's a good bit different from either version of 2001. The novels big difference is Saturn instead of Jupiter. The rings were to expensive to do in special effects in the late 1960s. Myself, I consider 2001 one of Clarkes better novels. Childhoods End and the Fountains of Paradise are better. But it's not of his warning years novels either. I would rank it was one of his five best.
Recent study showed that the two countries with the most Anti-vaxxers per capita was Japan and Italy. Of the major economies, Italy there doesn't surprise me a lot, but Japan being there, I must say, more than really surprised me. I expected more from the Japanese.
Let's also point to that Iran, a country of 1/5 the population of the United States, executed 507 humans in 2017. The United States executed a total of 23 people that year. Per capita, Iran executes more people than any other country on earth. In raw numbers only the People's Republic of China executes more people than Iran. North Korea *might* execute more than Iran, but the North Koreans know that mass executions make them look bad and thus refuse to report their statistics. Where as the Iranian Ayatollahs are proud of executing many more people. They are extremely proud that they execute more than than their neighbor, the Saudis. The Ayatollahs believe mass executions are a selling point that makes them look good on the international political stage. Anyone who supports Iran on this shit needs to live in one of their prisons for a decade. And let's also point out that the Shah had a better human rights record than the Ayatollahs. [See here](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Human_rights_in_the_Islamic_Republic_of_Iran#History): &gt;The Islamic revolution is thought to have a significantly worse human rights record than the Pahlavi Dynasty it overthrew. According to political historian Ervand Abrahamian, "whereas less than 100 political prisoners had been executed between 1971 and 1979, more than 7900 were executed between 1981 and 1985. ... the prison system was centralized and drastically expanded ... Prison life was drastically worse under the Islamic Republic than under the Pahlavis. One who survived both writes that four months under [warden] Ladjevardi took the toll of four years under SAVAK. In the prison literature of the Pahlavi era, the recurring words had been ‘boredom’ and ‘monotony’. In that of the Islamic Republic, they were ‘fear’, ‘death’, ‘terror’, ‘horror’, and most frequent of all ‘nightmare’ (‘kabos’). The regime of the Ayatollahs is simply one of the three worst human rights abusers on the planet currently, and of the top three they are proud of their viciousness. China and North Korea at least respect the world enough to know their human rights abuses make them look like shit evil bastards. Where as the Ayatollahs think it's a great selling point that makes them fantastic. They literally don't understand the revulsion reaction. They're inhuman monsters.
There is an argument to be made to talk to the woo-woo believers. After all, you don't make a difference by speaking to the choir. You make a difference by explaining rational thoughts to the woo-woo people. If you bring a few others over to logic, all the better. If you don't, well..... not speaking to them would have accomplished the same thing. That's why Christopher Hitchens used to like to do book tours through Fundy Christian colleges. The only way to reach a lot of those people was to show up and have a debate with them. Yes, 90% of them were sure Hitchens lost. But the other 10% (maybe not even 10%) maybe were finally exposed to legitimate logical seeds of doubt. There is also the added fact that a lot of documentaries are made by people who don't necessarily advertise the kind of doc they are making. They might not mention a focus on ancient aliens or super Jesus when arranging the interview. "We'd like to interview you for our science documentary about space". And then maybe they even just interview somebody then about a legit topic. But later they edit it in a whole lot of other people who were interviewed about Super Space Jesus and his army of Ancient Egyptian Incan mummies. Sometimes the documentary makers wanted to make a legit doc, and focused on that at first. But then found out they would lose a lot of money if the focused on that original idea. And so instead change their focus to crazy stuff to sell it later. It does seem that there are a lot more loons who spend money than rational people. Rational people don't need special handling most of the time, while woo-woo believes are often seeking out the woo-woo.
They don't care how qualified she was. They knew it was a 30 year old campaign of lies paid for by the Republican national committee, but they needed a fake reason to not vote for a woman and that's the peg they hang their hat on. Lies they knew were lies but didn't care because they are idiots.
Too many of us forget about Gardner today. His books and columns were excellent.
Man didn't do anything against the god-person. All this god-person did was setup a system where he defined what was good and then forced people to break his imaginary rules to survive and then punished them for it. This god-person needs to have his head bashed in.
Among other things, he created and was the first host of the Tonight Show.
Well, you see you don't understand this. It's perfectly fine for an American police officer to act rashly and "accidentally" kill somebody because he was nervously or in a very weird situation. Even though said police officer has received extensive training for dealing with that exact scenario. I mean, mistakes happen and we just have to live with that possibility. Meanwhile all American civilians are expected to be able to handle having a loaded gun waved around in their face while an idiot barks contradictory orders and just be able to handle the situation perfectly with zero mistakes regardless of our never having received training for that exact situation. I mean, it's not like you would maybe instead expect police to deescalate problem situations. That would just be expecting too much.
With groups like these guys, Youtube should give them a direct phone # for a human being when they need help. If they abuse it, take it away, but if they literally only call when the underlying platform goes brain dead, then it would just help youtube stay more stable. Which would be better for everyone involved.
They also own the rights to Dungeons &amp; Dragons now too. They own both Lawful Good and Chaotic Evil gods. This means..... something.
And now you're just making shit up of your own to be angry about. Social Justice Warrior is a term invented by Teddy Roosevelt. If you have a problem with it, build a time machine and file your complaint with the then serving President of the United States who did the really evil thing of inviting Booker T. Washington to dinner at the White House. Think of that evil, a guy named Washington dining with a President at the White House. That's just something folks like you can't tolerate.
As long as they only have 94% of all the control of society, that means they don't get their way a whole 6% of the time. That's massive oppression. That's not getting their way less than 19 times out of 20.
Iran is home of about two million ethnic Arabs. Usually in the border areas with Iraq. So, Iran in that way is part of the Arab region. The cultural reach of the Arab world reaches into Iran and other areas that aren't necessarily Arab majorities either. I'm sure the guy above didn't mean the phrase in that nuanced fashion, but it is very possible to discuss Iran from an Arab cultural point of view. And ignoring that fact would also be a mistake here.
Hey guys, it's angeltoms co-worker from the cube next to him at the Ministry of TodaysGoodfacts.
The Japanese government announced that in the event of a no-deal Brexit that they will be helping to re-locate every Japanese business with offices in the UK back into the EU. Causing the UK to lose hundreds of thousands of direct jobs, and millions of indirect ones that service those Japanese businesses.
Also his fantasies on murdering people in the middle of the street for shits and giggles. It's stuff straight out of a movie about a serial killer cannibal. And his fans love the fact that he's advertising himself as a serial killing cannibal.
&gt;80% of executions in Iran are drug related. There was your first lie. 15% of the executions in Iran are homosexuals. Another 15% are female rape victims who had sex with somebody not their husband. The fact that they resisted the rape is meaningless to their courts. There is 30% of the executions. That leaves at most 70% to be some other catagory. Which demonstrates that no one catagory can be 80% of all their execution. And that would be if we assume there are only three groups who get executed, and no murderers or kidnappers or any other categories exist. It was very easy to demonstrate your lie. Please don't have a nice day.
I didn't lump them in as "Arabs". I'm pointing out that they have lived next door to the Arabs for over 2000 years. And yes, they have taken on several Arab cultural traits. The Arabs have also taken on several Persian traits. Similar to how the English and French have taken from each others cultures over the last 1500 years. So yes, they have had their own recorded history and they have also adopted ways from their neighbors. The Persians have also adopted a lot of Pakistani/North West Indian culture as well. Yeah, lets ignore these facts of life and just say they are Persians, only Persians and have no neighboring countries near them at all. Clearly the Caspian sea does not exist and the Russians aren't living on the other side of it. No Soviet Troops occupied Northern Iran for seven years during the 1940s. The Iranians exist 100% outside of Planet Earth.
Sounds more like you have a fetish.
Also, chlorine in the water helps keep water clean. Why do I get the impression that they don't bother with the absolute basics.
If there is chlorine in the pools, I could go in there and pour clam chowder in the pool by the five gallon bucket load and the water should stay crystal clear clean.
I wouldn't say Trump is right about Iran. That said, Iran is the worst human rights abusing nation on planet earth that makes that statistics public. North Korea is very probably worse than Iran, but they are intelligent enough to make that the stats make them look like evil assholes and as such, the NK's don't report their stats to the UN. Where as the Ayatollah sees his regimes human rights abuses as a feature that he wants to advertise to the whole world. Because, being a blood thirsty monster that is at least four times worse than Saudi Arabia's "Mr Bonesaw" is something the Ayatollah aspires to be. Iran executed 507 people in 2017. China barely executed more in raw numbers, but they have a population 20 times larger. The United States executed 23 that year. And 23 seems like a gigantic number that is way too fucking high to me. 507 is being a proud fucking monster who needs to be put down like a rabid animal. Still, Trump ain't going to fix Iran by anything he is doing. He'll just make it all infinitely worse. Bush's invasion of Iraq allowed that to break out into a massive civil war that claimed millions of lives. If the US takes military action on Iran, at least five million Iranians will die in the coming decade of civil wars, and every death will be something that Trump could have prevented by not breaking it all apart in the first place.
Tall buildings are literally designed with the idea of bringing them down as cleanly as possible before they are even constructed. How dare the architects plan for bad things ahead of time and make it so that the buildings can cleanly not kill hundreds of thousands or millions of people. Instead they should engineer the buildings to kill everyone within 6000 miles regardless of how it comes down.
Tall buildings are designed to fall straight down and pancake floor above falling on floor below. A poorly designed skyscraper would fall over like a giant domino and cause every tall building in a city to fall down. Imagine how many would die in NY city at 1PM when 20 million people are in the city. Remember, millions of people commute into NYC to work there every day. It's many more people than the nine million who officially live there.
Remember, a [Republican member of the House](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greg_Gianforte) that supports Trump body slammed a reporter for daring to ask him a question. Trump thought it was funny. Trump has supported open violence against reporters for at least a year already. Trump is an enemy of the people and Constitution of the United States and the world. He's the kind of leader who needs to be removed by any means necessary. Edit: Correction, I originally misremembered him as being a Senator.
That would be a majority in excess of 80% of all native English speakers.
Nope. Recall elections do not exist for Federal offices.
See, I think that Hillary was more than a little progressive. The mistake people made with her was in assuming that the 30 year campaign of lies told by the Republican national committee was somehow true. They were afraid of Hillary because she would have rolled over Mitch McConnell with ease. The Republicans were scared shitless of Hillary Clinton. And a bunch of liberal progressives fell for a 30 year long campaign of lies because basically they wanted to fall for it.
It was the Republicans who started insisting on it being called Obamacare. Obama never wanted to call it that, and only finally went along with it long after that had become it's common name. To be honest, Republicans should have had single payer medicare for all rammed down their fucking throats.
Swift did some evil shit as governor too. There was a guy everyone agreed was wrongly convicted of imaginary sex crimes that she refused to pardon even though the parole board that votes on them ahead of time unanimously agreed he was not actually guilty. It was part of the day-care sex-abuse scandals that ripped across the country in the 1980s and early 1990s. Everything about kids making up testimony feed to them by prosecutors looking to make names for themselves, Satan worship, lots of murders but no actual bodies, the whole nine yards of imaginary bullshit. And she figured a person 100% known to be innocent should stay in prison. Swift wasn't all that Swift.
Not just CA and TX either. There are more potential Republican voters just in New York state than there was people in 35 states. That's eight to nine million voters that the Republicans could go after. Right now the Republicans don't even try and appeal to them. Right now there around about six to eight states that matter in national elections. Ohio, Florida, Pennsylvania, Michigan, and a few others. Those states all get literally carpet bombed with political ads and leaflets during Presidential elections. While the major candidates ignore states like California, Texas, Wyoming, Utah, North Dakota, Alaska, Massachusetts, etc There are millions of Democrats that the Democratic party could attract in Texas if they had a reason to go after them. And millions of Republicans in New York that the Republicans could go after if they had reason to go after them. Right now half the electorate is ignored nation wide because they don't live in Ohio or Florida. This is more than undemocratic. It's inherently unAmerican.
No, what the Democrats need to do is IGNORE the middle of the road voter because those idiots don't fucking exist and never did. They're a myth created by idiots to make themselves feel better. The American people are liberal socialists are heart. Just need to explain to them that is what they are. Don't be afraid of the label. When you ask people one by one what they support, it's liberal socialism that they want. Explain that to them and don't be afraid of the label. Embrace it and revel in it. The Democrats would win a majority more than 70% control of Congress in that scenario. And yes, the Republicans could be driven from existence and into actual hiding. Trails and jail sentence for Trump enablers should be on the agenda as well.
That map shows Ireland as soccer territory as well. I would have figured that they would have gone with the rest of Europe on that.
I'm sorry, but your first line proves you second line to be a lie you just choose to believe because you are actively allergenic to the truth.
I've been seeing a lot of doctors of late. Weird thing is, they now schedule appointments for me by mail. They send me a letter saying I have an appointment or some test on [upcoming date]. For some reason I sometimes don't get these letters. So I miss an appointment I never knew I had. If they tried to charge for those, I would get upset. But apparently using this system causes a lot of people miss appointments they never knew they had and so they don't try and charge for them. They claim it saves time in not having to call people. But the don't seem to understand that it causes them to lose time when people don't show up either. I think some of the people at the office like the fact that 1 out of every 20-something people miss these appointments though. It save them a bit of effort in a long day at the doctors office.
Exactly. The poorest EU nations are already among the richest countries in the world. Poor countries are in Africa and South East Asia. Greeks are not poor compared to the people in Niger or Laos.
Let me know when they all start volunteering to move to Bangladesh.
https://www.reddit.com/r/Celebs/comments/e8zyqe/anne_hathaway/
Also, Trump supporters will be the very last to notice that this is all a con from a con-man character who near literally stepped straight out of a Hollywood B-movie where his character name was listed in the credits as "Con-man".
https://www.reddit.com/r/Celebs/comments/eikatp/katrina_law/
The Scooby gang mined the old jokes of a lot of old time comedic troops. Abbott and Costello were just one they cribbed from. Also from Laurel &amp; Hardy, the Three Stooges, Marx Brothers, Burns &amp; Allen, and even some Martin &amp; Lewis from time to time as well.
The Bills were up 16-0..... the Bills choked. In Houston of all places.
https://www.reddit.com/r/Celebs/comments/ekmdae/saoirse_ronan_at_the_2020_golden_globes/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Celebs/comments/ekmdae/saoirse_ronan_at_the_2020_golden_globes/
[Higher resolution version of image, 3300 x 4346](https://i.redd.it/30sxilmqdjb31.jpg)
This submission has been removed. The image is a functional advertisement for another subreddit. You need to disable your reddit setting for “saved image attrition”. This subreddit will not accept submissions like this one.
People who are apologists for Stalin in the full light of knowing exactly what Stalin did. In the 1930s a lot of people thought the Soviets were idealists and since they didn't really know about the Gulags, we can kind of understand that opinion. But there are a lot of people who don't just know about the Gulags, but who will defend the idea of using them to commit genocide. There's called Tankies because of the images of photographic images of Tanks that rolled into Hungry in 1956, and later into Czechoslovakia in 1968. In 1945 the tanks that took Berlin and Eastern Germany were perceived as the good guys because they were fighting the Nazis. But by the late 1950s and then the 1960s, it was clear that the Soviets were not idealists who had just lost their way.
https://www.reddit.com/r/Celebs/comments/elj43z/ariel_winter/
The problem is that Trump is trying so hard to seem like a bad ass that he has forgotten one of the major things about international relations: Other countries need to be able to predict how a nation -- regardless if they are a friend or foe -- will react to a given situation. So, when Obama took military action it was when the enemy knew he would take military action. And American Allies knew when he would as well. Everyone knew the rules Obama was using. Trump, by being unpredictable, it making everyone else unpredictable. And in the case of Iran, they feel that if they are going to be damned if they try and play by established norms, then they might as well not play by them. Iran is a bad actor in the region. At the same time, they way to stop them from being that bad actor is not by being worse than them. Trump seems to think there are magic buttons to push, and now he is finding that those buttons will just cause shit to explode in his face. Not that he cares much. Trump is very likely figuring that he might distract the American people from impeachment with a war. He's literally playing the Wag the Dog game here. This isn't about Iran being a bad actor on the international stage. This is about Trumps ego and nothing more. And Trump is going to get American soldiers killed because he has ego problems. And Trump is fine with them dying for his ego. Cause Trump is a sad little baby.
The Democrats will have to make a lot of political ads about when Trump accused Obama of playing wag the dog games. Pin that label to him as every TV ad in Ohio, Pennsylvania, Florida, Michigan, etc. Make it so nobody in those places can watch Wheel of Fortune or Jeopardy or the Nightly News without the phrase "The Traitor Trump is getting American Troops killed because his ego is bruised and he's okay with them being dead". Stop playing politics by the rules we want used and start playing by the rules the GOP uses. Stop being afraid of what the GOP might say and instead fight back and just label him a traitor and a terrorist and use those words over and over in relation to Trump. Do that, and the Democrats will have a good chance to beat him. Play the game by ideals of how we hope it should be played, and the Democrats will lose. Call Trump a traitor, call his supporters treasonous deplorable. During the Presidential debate who ever in the Nominee should use the phrase "You're a stupid idiot fuckwit!" and dare him to a fist fight on national television. Trump is a pussy who'd hide in the corner afraid of Elizabeth Warren or Bernie Sanders. Imagine what that image will do for him on election day after it's burned into every voters retina? His current supporters would start to openly call him a pussy. Play by the rules as they are. Not as we we hope they might be in some idealized future. Beating Trump would be easy if the Democrats would stop acting like they are legally required to always play by Marquess of Queensberry rules. Throw a god damned political kidney punch. There ain't no fucking ref that says the Dems can't do it. Trump throws political kidney punches every day. Turn about it fair play.
Oy vey.... Well, this is a clear case of a deranged lunatic.... You know, a deplorable from the wack-job basket. The kind of person who shouldn't be allowed to legally possess spatulas, egg beaters or thumb tacks.
Say what you want about people from another time, but Churchill supported a lot of wars. But he was never hesitant to send himself to the front. After he took the fall in cabinet for Gallipoli (and he deserved a good amount of the blame) he joined the Grenadier Guards on the Western Front where he spent the next year. Does any one here think any one in the current cabinet would willingly place themselves in the Iraqi Green zone without added security for more than a day? And bare in mind, the Green zone is already the most secure place in Iraq without any extra security.... Imagine Trump willingly deciding to have himself live there for a year on his own without bending over laughing hysterically at the stupidity that it could happen in anything other than an SNL skit. Trump and everyone in his cabinet are traitorous cowards.
Well, I really respect Bo Jackson's talent, but the reason he was super famous had more to do with the Nike campaign than it did just with his sports talents. There were better players than him in both the NFL and MLB. Heck, he wasn't even the best player on the Raiders at his very position at the time. Marcus Allen was a better HB than Bo Jackson. But Bo had the personality to structure a major commercial campaign around him, as well as near the same rushing talent as Allen. And even the reasons the Raiders signed Jackson in the first place are a little odd. Al Davis didn't like Marcus Allen for some reason that never has fully been made public. Al Davis spent several years trying to sabotage the best player on his own team. Art Shell tells the story of being ordered by Davis to not start Allen even though Art Shell knew Allen was then the better running back in the team. All of it eventually lead to Allen leaving the Raiders for Kansas City. And he specifically signed with KC in an effort to fuck with Al Davis the way Davis had spent years fucking with him. Sadly, Bo Jackson got caught as a side player in that little war. And being in that wrong place at the wrong time became the injury that ended Bo Jackson's career.
https://www.reddit.com/r/Celebs/comments/elz8nq/grimes/
Quiet is pretty good too. Peace and Quiet go together like Chocolate and Peanut Putter.
I have never understood why Roger Craig isn't in the Hall of Fame. He got over 13,000 yards over his career. It doesn't matter if the yards come from either rushing or receiving. He averaged more than a thousand yards a season. Just from a pure rushing point of view, he out rushed HoF FB Larry Csonka over the course of his career. And Csonka wasn't really a receiving threat either. Craig should be in he HoF.
A few years ago Ronnie Lott did a long interview where he talked about Seifert not getting enough credit. Lott thinks Seifert should be in the Hall of Fame.
I'll just [leave this here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7NwCCrzarZs).
This submission has been removed. The image is a functional advertisement for another subreddit. You need to disable your reddit setting for “saved image attrition”. This subreddit will not accept submissions like this one.
And the Democrats keep trying to play nice with Republicans. Obama kept trying to be bipartisan even Mitch McConnell was actively refusing to hold Senate Votes on Supreme Court nominations that the Constitution directly says Presidents are not just allowed to make, but are required to nominate. It's high time that the Democrats started to play the game of politics by the same rules the Republicans use. And number one is that the members of the Senate need to actively filibusterer anything the Republicans try to do. If they even just want a non-binding resolution saying "Corn tastes nice around the holidays" the Democratic response should to burn fields full of corn and claim only traitors eat the shit, all while eating corn on the cob with every meal. Cause when we say only traitors eat corn, we of course mean only Republicans can be traitors. Anything the Republicans want, the Democratic answer should be NEVER!
https://www.reddit.com/r/Celebs/comments/eo3pp1/alison_brie/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Celebs/comments/eo7vac/kylie_jenner/
[Larger version of this cropped image, 4600 x 5616](https://i.redd.it/rup6ol4hhuv31.jpg)
Your submission was removed for violating rule 3 - No cleavage or excessive skin. If there's cleavage, excessive skin, or implied nudity in your image, chances are it will do well at any of the hundreds of other subreddits that allow the sexy and the risque. Images may not be cropped to comply with this rule. If you have any questions or concerns, please [message the moderators](https://www\.reddit\.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FPrettyGirls&amp;subject=Post Removed - Cleavage or Excessive Skin&amp;message=I'm writing to you about the following submission: https://www.reddit.com/r/PrettyGirls/comments/eokdpw/-/. %0D%0DMy issue is...). Your submission was removed for violating rule 7 - Quality Standards. Posts must meet certain quality standards. They must be able to be opened by RES. They may not be excessively photoshopped, poorly cropped, low resolution, screenshots, watermarked, etc. No image filters. Titles may not violate other rules, include questions about whether the subject is attractive, or be of a low-quality nature. If you have any questions or concerns, please [message the moderators](https://www\.reddit\.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FPrettyGirls&amp;subject=Post Removed - Post Quality&amp;message=I'm writing to you about the following submission: https://www.reddit.com/r/PrettyGirls/comments/eokdpw/-/. %0D%0DMy issue is...).
Your submission was removed for violating rule 2 - No NSFW content allowed. This includes partially see-through clothing, visible underwear, and in some cases form-fitting clothing. Images may not be cropped to comply with this rule. If you have any questions or concerns, please [message the moderators](https://www\.reddit\.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FPrettyGirls&amp;subject=Post Removed - NSFW Content&amp;message=I'm writing to you about the following submission: https://www.reddit.com/r/PrettyGirls/comments/eolee0/-/. %0D%0DMy issue is...).
Your submission was removed for violating rule 7 - Quality Standards. Posts must meet certain quality standards. They must be able to be opened by RES. They may not be excessively photoshopped, poorly cropped, low resolution, screenshots, watermarked, etc. No image filters. Titles may not violate other rules, include questions about whether the subject is attractive, or be of a low-quality nature. If you have any questions or concerns, please [message the moderators](https://www\.reddit\.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FPrettyGirls&amp;subject=Post Removed - Post Quality&amp;message=I'm writing to you about the following submission: https://www.reddit.com/r/PrettyGirls/comments/eoisq6/-/. %0D%0DMy issue is...).
Your submission was removed for violating rule 3 - No cleavage or excessive skin. If there's cleavage, excessive skin, or implied nudity in your image, chances are it will do well at any of the hundreds of other subreddits that allow the sexy and the risque. Images may not be cropped to comply with this rule. If you have any questions or concerns, please [message the moderators](https://www\.reddit\.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FPrettyGirls&amp;subject=Post Removed - Cleavage or Excessive Skin&amp;message=I'm writing to you about the following submission: https://www.reddit.com/r/PrettyGirls/comments/eokhy2/-/. %0D%0DMy issue is...). Your submission was removed for violating rule 7 - Quality Standards. Posts must meet certain quality standards. They must be able to be opened by RES. They may not be excessively photoshopped, poorly cropped, low resolution, screenshots, watermarked, etc. No image filters. Titles may not violate other rules, include questions about whether the subject is attractive, or be of a low-quality nature. If you have any questions or concerns, please [message the moderators](https://www\.reddit\.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FPrettyGirls&amp;subject=Post Removed - Post Quality&amp;message=I'm writing to you about the following submission: https://www.reddit.com/r/PrettyGirls/comments/eokhy2/-/. %0D%0DMy issue is...). Your submission was removed for violating rule 7 - Quality Standards. Posts must meet certain quality standards. They must be able to be opened by RES. They may not be excessively photoshopped, poorly cropped, low resolution, screenshots, watermarked, etc. No image filters. Titles may not violate other rules, include questions about whether the subject is attractive, or be of a low-quality nature. **You are welcome to repost the image, but you must change the title.** If you have any questions or concerns, please [message the moderators](https://www\.reddit\.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FPrettyGirls&amp;subject=Post Removed - Post Quality&amp;message=I'm writing to you about the following submission: https://www.reddit.com/r/PrettyGirls/comments/eokhy2/-/. %0D%0DMy issue is...).
Karras was kept out of the HOF because he wasn't contrite about the gambling issue. Where as Hornung prostrated himself before the Commissioner and everyone else of some importance apologizing every three minutes for a year straight. Karras wouldn't suck the NFL executives cocks and thank them for the privilege. A few others were jealous of him success as a Hollywood actor. How many other NFL players would have loved to be Mongo after Blazing Saddles was a huge success? Combine the two issues as such, and thus he had to wait until there was turn over on the HOF selection committee. A good number of now former selectors have now retired or passed away. Several of them for several years vetoed Karras anytime his name was mentioned. They're now out of he way and can't keep him out anymore. But those few who remain are happy they kept him out of the Hall while he was alive. NFL people often hold long term grudges for reasons that never made a lot of sense. Consistency is often a good quality, but a lot of it really was more bullhead assholes who thought they were holier than Karras.
[The Autumn Wind](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rh6E4Cks1W4) narrated by John Facenda.
Ken Stabler was made to wait less about his playing indiscretions (gambling) and more about his trying to cover them up by threatening to have reporters killed. Literally had one reporter arrested by police in Alabama who held on to him for several days. It was only when the California Newspaper reported him missing that he was released. The same reporter was later threatened with being killed by mobsters friends of Stabler. The HOF committee is mostly sports reporters. They took umbrage to that bullshit for some reason.
You can date this pencil set right down to a specific NFL season. It's from the first year Tampa Bay and Seattle had NFL teams, as Tampa is grouped with the AFC West and Seattle with the NFC West. So, this pencil set is from 1976. The next season Tampa Bay went to their homes of the NFC Central and Seattle to the AFC West. It was only after realignment in 2002 that Seattle moved back to the NFC West. The reason they started out each in the other conference was to make it so they played more NFL teams quicker. So they each ended up playing near every other NFL team within two seasons. The NFL head-office sees stuff like that as super important.
Things get complicated if you really push back into the histories of some of the teams. The current Colts team stem from the THIRD Baltimore Colts franchise. The first was an AAFC team that was going to merge into the NFL along with the Browns and 49ers, but they they collapsed financially before they could become an NFL team. Then there was an attempt to revive them immediately as the second Colts franchise that failed after one season in the NFL. Then a team then playing as as the Dallas Texans was about to fail in 1952 and instead they moved to Baltimore and became the third incarnation of the Colts via an immediate name change. They kept all the players from the Dallas team as well as inherited some rights to select players from the 2nd Colts team that died. Officially the Colts do not claim any of the history of the first two Colts teams, nor of the Dallas Texans that they were for one season either. A lot of the same owners were involved in each of those teams, but the reason to disassociate themselves from the histories was the early NFL groups trying to use business bankruptcies to try and run away from various debts incurred by the three other teams. You see something similar with the Philadelphia Eagles founding. Another team called the Frankford Yellow Jackets dissolved in 1931 and then the Eagles were created in 1933. Frankford is a neighborhood in North East Phily. The Eagles likewise claim no official connection with the Yellow Jackets because the ownership of the Eagles was trying to look like totally different different people who didn't owe anyone any money what-so-ever. Then there was the teams that wanted to exist but were kept out of the NFL at various points. For example, the AAFC Buffalo Bills wanted to become an NFL team along with the Browns, 49ers, and Colts (that didn't quiet make it). That Bills team had better game attendance than the 49ers and Colts as well. So the majority of NFL owners were fine with that Bills team joining the NFL as well, but Papa Bear Halas basically vetoed the Bills entry into the NFL. If you go back into the recesses of NFL history, back when the Bears were still the Staleys.... there was a controversy between the then Buffalo All-Americans and the Staleys over who were the league Champions, or as it's called in Buffalo: [the Staley Swindle](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1921_NFL_Championship_controversy). Halas got the Championship in 1921 via means that were considered dishonest and later banned. Halas later held that animosity toward the AAFC Bills.
I'm pretty sure it's only the Jets that are out of place. The Seahawks were part of the NFC West in 1976 and Tampa Bay was then in the AFC West. Tampa then moved to the NFC Central and Seattle to the AFC West in 1977 (until realignment in 2002). Both those teams started in the other conference/divisions to get them into games with more teams more quickly. Not the usual every 3-5 years, but to engineer them into playing every other NFL team within 2-3 years.
I miss when the Broncos were included in our self-pitying ways.
For those that don't know, [see here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iiMVv-0uek0).
I was thinking the set was out of the package, but laid out as it was in the packaging. I remember having pencil sets like this around the mid to late 1970s when I was in 4th-6th grade. Yes, I'm one of the old timers who remembers his father pointing out old man George Blanda on the television. And now I'm older than Blanda was then. So, it at least seems possible that these are from the 76 season.
The Professional team now known as Arizona Cardinals started life as the Chicago Cardinals until 1960. That was when they moved to St. Louis. In the end, they were in Chicago for 40 years, St. Louis for 27 and now in the South Western desert for 32. Previous to them being a pro-team they were an amateur team know as the Morgan Athletic Club and the Racine Normals. Racine being the street Normal Park was located on in Chicago.
In the late 1970s and 1980s the Packers were evenly playing four of their home games in each Green Bay and Milwaukee.
[Slightly higher res version 1723 x 2500](https://i.redd.it/bz9zeg34e0h31.jpg)
This submission has been removed. The image is a functional advertisement for another subreddit. You need to disable your reddit setting for “saved image attrition”. This subreddit will not accept submissions like this one.
https://www.reddit.com/r/Celebs/comments/epwem6/ana_de_armas/
It's nothing new. It goes back at least to the Know Nothing party of the Antebellum time right before the civil war. Idiots very distrustful for foreigners, Jews, intellectuals, etc. The whole cycle just seems to keep repeating itself. The Know Nothings, like their modern day equivalents, even claimed to be the true Americans and everyone else wasn't patriotic except for themselves. The fact that these people always turn out the morons of history never makes any of the newer versions think twice about doubling down on stupid either. Mostly because stupid is something you just can't fix.
Yeah, that gravity stuff could easily turn out to be 100% wrong. Everyone knows that. And Electricity, I'm sure, is all really just an old hamster wheel trick. The fact that you aren't taking me seriously right now only proves you know nothing about science. Dude, there are several things everyone accepts really are incontrovertible. You make a very large assumption every time you use a toilet that that it won't eat you. You accept as incontrovertible that toilets won't eat people. Or are your cowering in a corner every time you need to go #2? Not liking this fact of life doesn't contradict it.
More correctly that's David "[Party Animal]( https://i.redd.it/23orgm1si9z11.jpg)" Mitchell.
[Higher res version, 3568 x 4756](https://i.redd.it/uhmecx0cf8041.jpg)
I don't see being paid lot of money to run around acting like I'm eight years old as a problem. Matter of fact, I think most people call that "Living the Dream".
You are talking about the hypothetical Nostratic language hypothesis. The idea is controversial among linguists. The evidence for it is very thin and hinges basically on how one interprets data that is -- at best -- hazy. How language pronunciation shifts happen over short time periods is rather well understood. But it's something where we really best applied to time period blocks in the hundreds of years. When you start applying them over thousand of years, many of which are not attested to in historical records (can't check your work based on some old manuscript someplace).... then the haze creeps into the discussion. Especially since there are sometimes reasons for changes in language that have more to do with outside forces rather than on normal language shifts that happen within a language itself. And then there may well be things that happen over thousands of years that aren't end understood at this point. And some random words that might be similar across some groupings might not be because of language relation, sometimes just simple coincidence and sometimes something related but for other reasons. For example, the names of many rivers in Europe seem to start with D across the continent. But that might well not be something about rivers in Indo-European languages, and instead be Indo-European peoples adopting names used by older peoples who are now long gone. Similar to how there are many place names in North America that come from Native American languages. For example, "Niagara" being the name of several towns, cities, countries and some water fall. But it's not from English though that's the language spoken by the people in all those locations. But if you started to apply English rules to it over thousands of years they would very much fail to function at some point. Also, the idea that language could only have been invented once.... well, that seems a little too convenient maybe. But even if we assume that, wouldn't language itself be very, very old. Humans are at least some 100,000 years old. So, would not language itself very probably be at least that old? Nostratic is already considered very hypothetical when applying it to time frames of 5000 years. Where as 100,000 is very much larger by more than a order of magnitude.
Yes, the Great Vowel Shift has no real reason that is widely accepted to it. It really seems almost like a fashion change happened. Thing is, there are some similar things that we know of happening in other language, but nobody understands why they happened other than maybe one of 20 educated guesses maybe being correct. But which of said 20 guesses is correct, nobody really knows for sure. The standard other example of something somewhat similar is the High German consonant shift. The GVS didn't effect German and the HGCS never effected any English. And neither has a widely accepted good reason for why they happened.
Yes, but doing that causes me to lose my fracking mind 99.999% if the time when they deny things as obvious as 2+2=4. My sanity is worth something to me.
You are thinking of np.reddit.com. The NP stands for *No Participation*. That said, it carries no official weight with the admins and nobody is required to use it anymore than moderators themselves have required in various subreddits. That said, if you aren't a mod of that subreddit you have no standing to force it's use. Ie, you can't force the mods of another subreddit to use NP links at all. Not even when linking to your subreddit. Your mod rights fully and 100% end outside your own subreddit(s). Most mod teams will respect the wishes of another mod team in relations like that, but they are not required to respect those wishes.
Thank you for spelling it correctly. The P is important.
So, what your saying that hamburger isn't beef, it's Soylent burger? I think I'm okay with that.
This submission has been removed. The image is a functional advertisement for another subreddit. You need to disable your reddit setting for “saved image attrition”. This subreddit will not accept submissions like this one.
[Better res version, 1440 x 1799](https://i.redd.it/mu7e2xtys5b31.jpg)
The mod team would like to thank you for submitting a high quality version of this image. There are a lot of small resolution versions floating around and a lot of people submit those instead. Including a lot of really tiny versions that are hardly better than postage stamps. Oy vey do we remove a lot of that crud. Anyway, thank you!
https://www.reddit.com/r/gentlemanboners/comments/ercl84/sophie_turner/
[Higher Quality version of pic, 1500 x 2263](https://i.redd.it/86fefopzkcy31.jpg)
[Larger version of image, 4096 x 5221](https://i.imgur.com/VwJeo4K.jpg)
There is an interview where the Pythons discussed why there was two directors for Holy Grail, and then why there was one for Brian. In short, both Terry's wanted the job and so they both got it to share the job on Grail. But then they took to arguing about which of them was right, when -- if you are going to have co-directors -- the two two need to agree with each other on most things. It's one thing for directors to argue with actors or producers. It's another for directors to, in effect, argue with themselves. So the general agreement after Grail was that Jones would direct alone going forward. I wasn't confusing Grail for Brian or anything about budgets or anything. I really did think I was somewhat clear about this.
https://www.reddit.com/r/Celebs/comments/esygf4/vanessa_hudgens/
[Higher res image version, 2699 x 3600](https://i.imgur.com/ddgIoPB.jpg).
https://www.reddit.com/r/Celebs/comments/esz9l7/vanessa_hudgens/
This image has been submitted several times. People are not looking if it was already submitted. We put in the rules that: * No reposts from within the last Month. * That bans happen in this subreddit. So none of those reposters have any reason to complain about said bans. Everyone else, please have a nice day.
I can read 57,000 passing yards and clearly that says otherwise to me. He's not #1, just #7 all-time.
I know the stats. Rivers, Roethlisberger, and Manning were all within a few hundred yards of one another when Manning was pulled and Ben got injured. None of those three is the best QB of their era. None of them is really central to that discussion. That's an argument about Brady, Brees and Peyton Manning. Yet still I would put all three in the Hall of Fame along with the other three. George Blanda is another QB in the Hall of Fame. Otherwise his stats are kind of shitty by modern standards. He literally threw more INTs that TDs. Not in a season, but over a career. But he played 26 years and won championships. I think he also deserves to be there. They all also did more that just pass the ball. Each of them won a lot of football games. And I don't believe that you have to win a championship to be in the Hall either. I have no problem with any of Jim Kelly, Fran Tarkenton, Dan Fouts, Warren Moon, or Dan Marino. I don't view them as having to be anything more than great by some measure. And Manning has earned his HOF bust. And really, I'll go out further on a limb here. The HOF ain't even going to play the game of making him wait a few years. He'll be a first ballot entry with no waiting what-so-ever. So folks like you might scream about that when it happens, but the rest of us will just ignore you as that's what you deserve.
The idea that you have to be the best person ever at your position to be in the Hall of Fame is just wrong. Nobody needs to be the best at their position. Being the 18th best guy over at what you do over a career is Hall of Fame material. Not liking this fact does not change it. And Eli Manning comes in somewhere around that 18th best QB over the course of his career. He'll be in the Hall with no problems what-so-ever. The issue here isn't who passes him. It's how many pass him. And that number is going to be a single digit in size at most over the next two decades.
There was a time when news was considered a loss leader for the networks. And back then they would each have 300 news offices around the world. Today the major networks maintain about 20 offices world wide, and to fill in the gaps have deals with other groups to try and fill in the gaps. They were allowed to turn the news into a profit center, and as such they won't fund a news office that doesn't itself earn a profit. This is the basic problem with modern news. It should be something corporations do because they have too. Not something that on it's own earns them money.
* https://www.reddit.com/r/Celebs/comments/et3xs9/vanessa_hudgens_sideboob/ * https://www.reddit.com/r/Celebs/comments/esz9l7/vanessa_hudgens/ffdgtgz/?context=3
One stat is not the total of Eli Manning statistics. I already refuted everything the guy and you have said. Your not liking this fact does not change this fact. Manning threw for 57,000 yards, 7th all time. He also won two Super bowls and two Super bowl MVP awards. Again, facts that are literally UNDISPUTABLE. Again, your not liking facts doesn't alter them in any way. Since you refuse to acknowledge these things, you are just willfully stupid idiots who clearly deserve everything bad that happens to the both of you.
Sadly, the BBC have allowed themselves to become a wholly owned subsidiary of the Conservative Party and Boris Johnson. Also, many of their news offices, especially in the US aren't their news offices. They partner with the so-called networks, local stations, etc. around the US. The person in Chicago who claims to work for the BBC really works for the local ABC Affiliate there. That's not the same as the BBC having their own office in Chicago. In 1970 they would have had literally their own person there. So would 100 other news agencies, networks, newspapers, etc. Now they all share about 10 different reporters in the third largest city in the United States. Each of the 10 basically representing ten different organizations. Clearly that's not the same thing as having your own person there.
This submission has been removed. The image is a functional advertisement for another subreddit. You need to disable your reddit setting for “saved image attrition”. This subreddit will not accept submissions like this one.
https://www.reddit.com/r/Celebs/comments/elyobw/carla_gugino/
Downvoting the bot does not keep the mods from removing rule-breaking submissions.
He's not just going to be in the Hall of Fame, but he'll be a first ballot inductee. He won't have to wait a few years even. He's going to inducted as soon as he meets the qualifications after having been retired for five years. You don't seem to understand that there are already a dozen members of the hall who threw more INTs during their entire career than they threw TDs. Just one example: George Blanda thread 40 more INTs over his 26 seasons. Eli won't have any problems getting in. Regardless of what some stupid internet weirdos think.
&gt;Maybe he doesn't even have a mother! That's all the confirmation I need, clearly [All You Zombies](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/All_You_Zombies) was a documentary. And I guess all the later weird stuff where it seemed Robert Heinlein under the guise of Lazarus Long literally did actually want to fuck himself was totally legitimately true.
This submission has been removed. The image is a functional advertisement for another subreddit. You need to disable your reddit setting for “saved image attrition”. This subreddit will not accept submissions like this one.
https://www.reddit.com/r/Celebs/comments/etwv4u/sabrina_carpenter_wo_pants/
* https://www.reddit.com/r/Celebs/comments/et3xs9/vanessa_hudgens_sideboob/ * https://www.reddit.com/r/Celebs/comments/esz9l7/vanessa_hudgens/ffdgtgz/?context=3
This submission has been removed. The image is a functional advertisement for another subreddit. You need to disable your reddit setting for “saved image attrition”. This subreddit will not accept submissions like this one.
[High res version of image, 2588 x 3890](https://i.redd.it/e0vucmc8sk021.jpg)
https://www.reddit.com/r/Celebs/comments/eujs7c/priyanka_chopra/
Sneaky crafty bastard! I know exactly what your planning. Make those dumb Americans thinks they are taking him in for questioning and then when they are done say "We don't want him back. You wanted to question him, now yous get to keep 'em".
This submission has been removed. The image is a functional advertisement for another subreddit. You need to disable your reddit setting for “saved image attrition”. This subreddit will not accept submissions like this one.
This submission has been removed. The image is a functional advertisement for another subreddit. You need to disable your reddit setting for “saved image attrition”. This subreddit will not accept submissions like this one.
Dude, have you watched the show? Brian's politics on the show is basically Seth's personal politics. And they regularly attack those are well. The difference is liberals can take a joke and conservatives are god-damned snowflakes.
How is the weather in Russia?
“It is not enough for me to stand before you tonight and condemn riots. It would be morally irresponsible for me to do that without, at the same time, condemning the contingent, intolerable conditions that exist in our society. These conditions are the things that cause individuals to feel that they have no other alternative than to engage in violent rebellions to get attention. And I must say tonight that a riot is the language of the unheard. And what is it America has failed to hear? It has failed to hear that the plight of the negro poor has worsened over the last twelve or fifteen years. It has failed to hear that the promises of freedom and justice have not been met. And it has failed to hear that large segments of white society are more concerned about tranquility and the status quo than about justice and humanity.” — Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. "First, I must confess that over the last few years I have been gravely disappointed with the white moderate. I have almost reached the regrettable conclusion that the Negro's great stumbling block in the stride toward freedom is not the White Citizen's Council-er or the Ku Klux Klanner, but the white moderate who is more devoted to "order" than to justice; who prefers a negative peace which is the absence of tension to a positive peace which is the presence of justice; who constantly says "I agree with you in the goal you seek, but I can't agree with your methods of direct action;" who paternalistically feels he can set the timetable for another man's freedom; who lives by the myth of time and who constantly advises the Negro to wait until a "more convenient season." — Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. “If a White man says, ‘Give me liberty or give me death,’ the entire world applauds. When a Black man says exactly the same thing, he is judged a criminal and everything possible is done to make an example of this 'Bad Nigg**' so there won't be anymore like him.” — James Baldwin. “Concerning nonviolence, it is criminal to teach a man not to defend himself when he is the constant victim of brutal attacks.” — Malcolm X. “We are nonviolent with people who are nonviolent with us.” — Malcolm X.
Wanting doctors and nurses and you claim is the same as wanting to put murderous SA thugs on every street corner. You're a willful lying idiot.
Can I be the third falsely accused alt here? Being compared to Matts2 would be an honor. On the other hand, nobody would want to be confused for you.
And that's why whenever I see my doctor he always ends up torturing me. Oh wait....no, that never actually happens.
Says the guy who thinks doctors and nurses are out to get him.
Everyone already knows King was non-violent. But the vast majority of people have choose to forget that he also explained why people would choose violence. For it was the white majority that provoked violent responses and then would yell "see, the people I violent attacked are responding with violence of their own". And that's what the vast majority of people who simplemindedly quote King abuse his memory for. King was not simple minded one-size-fits-all in his support of non-violence.
All discoveries are initially based on shaky research and conclusions. It's why people really should wait for the article in *Science*, *Nature*, the *New England Journal of Medicine*, *JAMA*, *JAMA Neurology*, or a similar peer-reviewed scientific or medical journal. If it's a real breakthrough it will be published in some relatively high-profile publication because getting published in the big-name journals can help scientific careers. And it helps to get the eyes of your entire field on your research and to find out quickly if you are on the right track or maybe chasing a blind ally. And nobody wants to waste their scientific career and then find out they spent 25+ years going up a blind ally that went nowhere.
Since they are agents of the state, turning off their body cams needs be treated the same as if they are caught destroying evidence. If they don't want to be a police officer because they don't like some of the down sides of being the job, than they need to quit and instead take-up a profession that they will enjoy more, such as being a fry-cook at Wendy's.
When the camera is disabled, then they must be presumed to be doing something nefarious. If they don't like the presumption, then they are free to quit their jobs at any time.
I can show you the guys top karma-earning [comments](https://www.reddit.com/user/The_Abyss_Blinked/comments/?sort=top) and [submissions](https://www.reddit.com/user/The_Abyss_Blinked/submitted/?sort=top). They are pretty much all there and accounted for easily enough if you open your god-damned eyes and look! There is no one-to-one correspondence between karma on individual submissions and karma scores, but it's close enough most of the time. And in this case the close enough is probably literally within 2-3%. So what the heck is missing here exactly?
The guy is a nut job. He doesn't know how karma works on reddit but thinks he's some kind of god-damned expert. All your karma shows pretty clearly, [comments](https://www.reddit.com/user/The_Abyss_Blinked/comments/?sort=top) and [submissions](https://www.reddit.com/user/The_Abyss_Blinked/submitted/?sort=top) being the two different forms of karma. All your submissions appear to be there. I don't see any glaring omissions. I used to submit a lot and earn a lot of karma. Four or five years ago I used to submit 25-50 submissions every day. Earning a thousand karma every day was easy to do, and days where I earned 10K-20K karma was not unusual. And again, this was years ago when earning karma was a lot more difficult. Today it's just a lot easier. Earning karma on Reddit is as easy as submitting. Throw a bunch of stuff at a wall and some of it sticks.
I just literally linked to it all. All you have to do is open your eyes and do a bit of spot-checking math on your own. His top-7 comments account for 80% of his comment karma. And he's got several more than have 500+ comment karma on them. His top-100 comments add up to about 96% of all his comment karma. And that's just 100 individual comments. Similar story when you look at his submissions. Where they add up to 100% of all his submission karma, because it's fewer than 100 individual submissions. There isn't anything missing at all except your understanding of how karma functions.
There are two types of karma. Submission karma and comment karma. Both show within 3% of all his karma. There isn't anything missing. You made an accusation of him that is clearly wrong and you don't like being called on your bullshit.
I used to be one of the top-10 karma idiots. At my all time peek I was #4. I know how to collect the stuff and it's easy. You don't need to know anything. It's as easy as throwing spaghetti at a wall, assuming you don't care about the mess. He just wants to dream he's some kind of expert who doesn't like it when a real expert stumbles along behind him and points out that he's full of it. Myself, I liked the new Star Wars movies, but to each his own. Liking or disliking Sf/action movie doesn't make anyone a terrorist. Just as long as you answer that the best Star Wars movie was Empire everything should be okay.
Again, you can clearly claim you know something all you want, when just a few minutes ago you showed no knowledge of those basic facts at all.
So you are admitting to being incapable of simple addition. 1+1=2. 2+2=4. The rest is left as an exercise for yourself.
Whatever you want us to believe, [Franco](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Francisco_Franco). Or do you more identify with [Batista](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fulgencio_Batista), [Trujillo](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rafael_Trujillo), [Pinochet](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Augusto_Pinochet), or [Perón](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Juan_Per%C3%B3n). They all made user of various Nazi ideology and symbolism. And I've only grabbed a few random names here, one can list many more dozens of Hispanic Dictators who loved the fucking Nazis. All of whom were supported by millions of Hispanics who also loved the fucking Nazis.
Not anymore. He now has enough pledged delegates to be nominated at the Republican convention on the first ballot. Unless he willingly stepped aside and allowed an open vote on the first ballot. So, not even theoretically possible anymore. That said, if he didn't have pledged delegates and just had some giant lead in the delegate count, then it would have been theoretically possible for the GOP to nominate somebody else. But the last time that happened before a Republican convention was in 1976. In 1976 Reagan was trying to contest the nomination of President Ford. Ford had lead in pledged delegates before the convention and he was the sitting President..... negotiations between Ford and Reagan broke down and Ford just basically forced himself through the convention with the threat that if they didn't nominate Ford that he would use the powers of the White House to ensure Reagan would lose. He was only ~100 delegates short anyway, and that convinced enough unpledged delegates to vote for Ford on the first ballot. In 1980 Reagan had enough first ballot pledged delegates to ensure his nomination. But Ford was still well respected in the GOP and there was negotiations about Ford being Reagan's VP candidate. The negotiations went on for a long time. Assuming they went into the agreement, a Reagan-Ford White House basically would have been a co-Presidency. Ford would have officially been the VP, but the agreement would have placed him in charge of Reagan's Foreign policy, right down to Reagan agreeing that Ford could overrule him on it. In the end, Reagan didn't think he could give that much power away and so they saw their negotiations break down. If you not noticing here, even when Reagan and Ford wanted to agree with each other, they just couldn't really find ways to actually get it done. The days of brokered party conventions in the United States have been over for a long time. 1976 might officially qualify under some broad definition, but it was really Fords ball game that year no matter what. The only way Reagan could have won then basically would have needed to involve Ford going full zombie cannibal. Likewise, 1968 might officially qualify for the Democrats as a brokered convention, but Humphrey was the Democratic VP who had the full backing of the sitting President. There was no way he wasn't going to be the nominee of the Democrats that year. In reality, the last brokered conventions as 1944 for the Republicans and 1952 for the Democrats. All subsequent conventions were always won by the leader going into all future conventions there-after. And since the early 1970s, when the modern Primary/Caucus system came into being, the idea of a brokered convention has never really gotten beyond theoretical stuff pundits like to talk about six months ahead of time just for something to talk about, similar to how you might listen to ESPN sports guys talk about Snake Stabler, Jim Brown or Dick Butkus.
Respect is supposed to be earned. It's not bestowed.
The Second Coming by Yeats: Turning and turning in the widening gyre The falcon cannot hear the falconer; Things fall apart; the centre cannot hold; Mere anarchy is loosed upon the world, The blood-dimmed tide is loosed, and everywhere The ceremony of innocence is drowned; The best lack all conviction, while the worst Are full of passionate intensity. Surely some revelation is at hand; Surely the Second Coming is at hand. The Second Coming! Hardly are those words out When a vast image out of Spiritus Mundi Troubles my sight: a waste of desert sand; A shape with lion body and the head of a man, A gaze blank and pitiless as the sun, Is moving its slow thighs, while all about it Wind shadows of the indignant desert birds. The darkness drops again but now I know That twenty centuries of stony sleep Were vexed to nightmare by a rocking cradle, And what rough beast, its hour come round at last, Slouches towards Bethlehem to be born?
You don't understand, man.... the World is run by Doctors and Nurses who work at local county hospitals. They have more power than Presidents, Kings and Emperors. The only people with more power than them are fry cooks at Wendy's.
Hey everyone, [Jackie Coogan's](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/California_Child_Actor%27s_Bill) parents signed off that they should be allowed to steal money from their own child. So that makes it 100% acceptable. When the parents pimp out their minor children, that's perfectly fine for our society. Get real, asshole!
Richard Nixon was elected President because he promised "law and order", meaning violence and murder by White America of African-Americans. Oh, and he also had a secret plan to end the war in Vietnam. His secret plan was to escalate the war in Vietnam and kill more American soldiers there than LBJ had. Richard Nixon ran on a platform of MURDER!
Fox News if it was literally run by Heinrich Himmler.
I like KFC myself. I just think it's too fucking expensive now a days. My local supermarket sells eight pieces of Fried chicken (a whole dismembered chicken, every similar to KFC) for $5.99. At KFC that would like $20. I know where I'll go for my deep fried dismembered chicken parts.
A lot of people got the more modern books. Also worth mentioning are: * Why I Am Not a Christian by Bertrand Russell. It doesn't all apply just to Christianity, but also to religion in general. * Atheism: The Case Against God by George H. Smith. * Atheism: A Philosophical Justification by Michael Martin. * Asimov's Guide to the Bible by Isaac Asimov.
More so, the Belgian government took the Congo away from Leopold because of his mismanagement (He was getting blood on everything). They knew what he was doing and in the end, they disapproved of it. They dressed up the reasons for why they took it away because he was King and this was before even the Kaiser went a bit whack during WWI and was ordering executions of innocent Belgians. The Belgian government clearly knew what had been happening in the Congo. I don't want to give them too much credit, but the Congo was a lot better place after it was stripped from Leopold. Even if it's better only so much as being a share-cropper was better than being a slave.
Röhm has been openly gay for 10-15 years at that point. Hitler didn't have any real problem with it previous to 1934. Admittedly, Röhm was -- to the general public -- the #2 Nazi after Hitler. And you can't have two Messiahs. It was mainly Himmler, Heydrich and Göring who drew up the various proscription lists. Not saying others weren't involved, but they were the big three pushing Hitler for it. I'm sure every major Nazi on the surviving side added a name or two. But those three were the ones adding the bulk of the names and later having to apologize after they had someone accidentally whacked because of typos in the paperwork. See [Willi Schmid](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Willi_Schmid).
Eric Blair was a socialist, but he really, really disliked Stalin. Especially the cult of personality.
[Rupert's Land](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rupert%27s_Land)?
Are you saying that Ellen is one of the two.5 men? Cause that's a remake I think I can get beh.....nope.....I can't get behind that now that I think about it. Sorry, false alarm.
So you're saying that KIA has something in common with Ernst Röhm?
In case anyone is wondering, this is just a fancy way of stating the "I can't be racist, I have a black friend at work" defense. Also the status of both John Casor and Anthony Johnson as slaves in Virginia is very much questionable to all real historians. The major problem just being that record keeping for the time period just doesn't exist. Most of the records of those early days after the founding of the colonies was lost at various stages as the centuries went by. Nobody made any effort to save those records for histories-sake until the early 20th century. And even then, until around 1970, if there was a reason to "lose them" for political reasons, well..... guess what happened? Also, in 1830 some 4,000,000 black slaves were owned in 11 Southern states by hundreds of thousands different whites. I am pretty fucking sure that 4M is greater than 3K. You know, by more than THREE ORDERS OF MAGNITUDE. But no, you know a black guys name who might once upon a time actually existed. As such, that makes slavery totally okay. BULL FUCKING SHIT!
Anyone who likes looking at the statue of a traitor, needs to be treated as a traitor-lover.
You sure it's even bronze? I mean, it might just be bronze platting around a bunch of shitty nickel.
Well, it's helpful to remember that these are the same general people who were supposedly major fans of Rage Against the Machine who didn't know they were somehow political. [Tom Morello to one of the complainers](https://twitter.com/tmorello/status/1270419869524094976). Exactly what machine did they think was being raged against? Microwaves? Dishwashers? Ceiling Fans?
Eric Blair did what now?
There are major differences between Leif Erikson and Columbus here. The big one being that Columbus knew he got someplace else. Erikson was just wandering about the North Atlantic. And getting to Newfoundland was basically a giant accident and didn't last. The memory of the discovery was quickly forgotten about because just the idea of repeating the voyage was more than difficult. We know that the Vikings never really got to Newfoundland more than a short handful of times. Their total time visiting there was short, not even 20 years. Really, probably less than one year in total. I base that &lt; one-year estimate on one big important factor. No mass die off of the Native American population of Newfoundland via disease vectors. Meaning there was near zero contact between the Natives and the Vikings. And that contact would include no passing of diseases to people watching you from 200 yards away. So they weren't just not talking, they weren't even in the general vicinity of each other all that much. Where as the native American population of the Caribbean started dying off very soon after Columbus and the boys showed up in camp. And you see it really well in Mexico. Where the diseases spread before the Spanish even set foot on the mainland (because Natives from the Caribbean ran there when all their family and friends started dying on their home islands). There seem to be no mass die off of Natives of Newfoundland or the surrounding areas. As such, the Viking presence there had to be super short. Probably individual voyages that stopped there a half-dozen times for a week or two at a go. Contact with the local natives probably turned quickly to violence the first couple of run-ins and after that both sides avoided the other like the actual fucking plague. And that probably saved millions of lives if they instead had actually made friends and become buddies. Because the new native American buddies would have lacked immunity to a lot of European diseases that the Vikings had to be carrying. So, however all that Viking-First nations contact didn't go-well.... that was the best case scenario for the Natives of the era. Saved them for 500 years. I'm sure you're seeing why &lt;1 year is looking like a good estimate here. We don't know for sure, but 20 years would have lead to real contact and real disease transfer. It just had to be very short term visits by the Vikings to Newfoundland. The Biological evidence pretty much demands that conclusion. More so, after the Vikings left, they soon stopped even attempting newer voyages to Newfoundland. It just didn't interest them to continue trying. Where as Columbus didn't visit one or four times himself, but hundreds of fellow seafarers soon followed after him. And the individual visits by the Spanish and other Europeans were not quick one-week visits, but often visits that lasted a year or more. As such, the disease transfer happened quick. Which made the European conquest of the New World much easier. The Europeans didn't figure out that they were spreading diseases until later.
Thing is, if you are going to create a title like "discover of the Americas" and pick the person it most fits to grant that title.... that person is Columbus. Leif Eriksons visits were short, he had little to no contact with the natives, he stopped coming near immediately and was forgotten about for 500 years afterward. Say what you want, but Columbus told everyone about what he found and everyone and their brother set off for the "New World" soon there after. You can say it's a stupid title, but if you're going to create the dumb title Columbus is the one it most fits.
It's not like the Pyramids weren't stripped of treasure and raw supplies for building materials for near by people to use in buildings locally in the Cairo area. Only they were taking stuff off the pyramids for local building nears long before he Bible was even written. It's not even recent. I'm sure a bunch of statues were smashed at various times. Especially when the monotheitic cult started by Akhenaten went down after he died, and the Egyptians returned to their traditional polytheistic religion afterwards. It's why King Tutankhamun had a bunch of different names. Tut was the guy who officially put the polytheism back in it's Egyptian place of honor. And Akhenaten was basically magic markered off all the palace walls.
Hey, the Spanish figured out that they weren't in India about 20 minutes after they were calling them Indians. And by the time they figured out they weren't in India, that term had been in use for so long that there was no changing it to something else. If only the Indians had only told them that they weren't Indians five minutes sooner, then they wouldn't have got stuck with that label. The built in inertia of that 20 minute period was just going to be impossible to overcome. So why bother trying? See, this is all the fault of the Indians. (/s)
The islands of the Caribbean are North America. Just as Sardinia and Sicily are in Europe.
&gt; Everybody with a modicum of education The one big point to be emphasized there is how few people of 1490's Europe then possessed what any of us would consider "a modicum of education". Also, Italy was not a Geo-political thing in 1490. Columbus asked for financing from each Portugal, France, England and Spain. All turned him down, until the Spanish finally thought "okay, it might be worth a try" and the gave him a small amount of support. (Three ships compared to the entire fleets the Portuguese where sailing to India around the Cape of Good Hope just a few years later). Also, I don't know if you can definitely say Columbus would have died on voyage to Asia from Europe. Magellan's ships pulled it off in 1519 with the same tech Columbus then had at his disposal. Or are you going to assert the Magellan failed since he died on his voyage.... but several from his expedition is make it. So it was at least technically possible. Just very damn difficult. So I would assert that Columbus would have had some 10% chance of pulling it off. Which isn't great, but it's not certain death either. And it's not as if Columbus didn't think his voyages were risk free ventures of anything. He knew men would die on the voyage. He saw large numbers of his crew die on each of his four voyages himself. But at the time, that was a risk everyone involved thought was worth taking. It was the 1490s after all. None of them were under the delusion that they were living on Park avenue in 2020.
In the Oval Office. It's the only way to be sure.
No, that would be tasteless. You put that statue in the foyer of Trump Tower.
I was thinking more of him not quite attending Crosetti's funeral where he paid the ultimate tribute to a man he never really liked. Acting out contradictory emotions at the same time in a realistic performance. And the lead up where everyone is trying to talk Pembleton into attending the funeral and him saying he doesn't attend funerals each time. At each step getting slightly more annoyed. And then not attending but somehow.... perfectly. And it's not just Braugher doing great in that show. There were a lot of great performances. Ned Beatty, Yaphet Kotto, Melissa Leo and even Giancarlo Esposito in the last season.
Every other issue anyone ever proffers as a possible alternate cause of the Civil War always, at it's heart, is just the question of slavery in disguise. * Taxation -- Taxation of what? Goods and services produced by Slavery. * States rights -- States rights to enslave human beings as farm animals. * The Southern Agrarian Economy -- Which was based around Slavery. * Strength of a Strong Central Government -- as it related to banning slavery. Those same Southern states didn't complain when said Strong Central government permitted slavery. All the possible alternative causes are each and every one of them just the Question of Slavery in drag. [Slavery and only Slavery was the cause of the American Civil War](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pcy7qV-BGF4).
Self-govern? What about the African-American slaves right to govern himself? Self-government was something zero Confederates actually cared about.
He's not wrong. But he's an idiot who doesn't get why his not being wrong doesn't make him correct. In the Antebellum South, it wasn't unusual for all the goods owns by a family to technically, in a legal sense, be controlled by the Head of the Family. So the old man who was the Head of the Family legally might have had his name on the deeds of all the property owned by all his brothers, sons, cousins, etc. So technically that one man owed 14 farms, six houses, three local businesses (the general store, the blacksmith shop, and the law office that his brother-in-law ran in his name. As part of this method of ownership, this family head would have owned each slave owned by all these estates. All of them were not under his direct control though, and in practice he might not even had been able to say no if his Cousin Fred who might have wanted to sell the Black Smith shop to Ned from the next town. As such, these idiots like to try nd say "Only 5% of the people of the pre civil war southern population owned slaves" and they're only correct in a technical sense. In practical terms more than 70% of Southern whites had active practical control/authority of more than one Black Slave. The Family unit of the Antebellum south was much larger than we in the modern world. And a lot of legal rights existed in the head of the family that might have been really only honorary rights. He was, in theory anyway, supposed to be like a local mayor who might have advised people how to do things. At the same time, a lot of them get rich via abusing their legal rights over their own families. It existed a bit in the North as well, but it broken down sooner there. Northerners of 1860 still would have understood the family system used in the pre-civil war South. They had only sheed that system 50-75 years before hand. Now it's a misunderstanding of how family units were once organized that some people want to shove slavery apologia into.
The Mormon one was named Joseph Smith.
For when you are sure your shit is literally radioactive.
Carters greatest mistake as President was in treating the American people like they were adults. Instead they demanded he be replaced by somebody who lied to them constantly about everything of importance.
“There is a cult of ignorance in the United States, and there has always been. The strain of anti-intellectualism has been a constant thread winding its way through our political and cultural life, nurtured by the false notion that democracy means that 'my ignorance is just as good as your knowledge.” ― Issac Asimov. ----- We have already met Darth Vader – and he is us. If we are to survive, we must exorcize the demons of our haunted childhood, and grow out of our fascination with “technoporn” – gleaming weaponry and beautiful explosions. Whatever new armaments may be needed to preserve peace in the immediate future, in the long run only political solutions can save us. (If we deserve to be saved: perhaps a species that has accumulated four tons of explosives per capita has already demonstrated its biological unfitness beyond any further question.) There have been times and cultures in which it was unthinkable (and frequently unwise) for a gentleman to appear in public without a weapon. In civilized societes, that need has passed. What now applies to individuals must one day apply also to nations ... who, after all, are only collections of individuals. (Remember Auden: “There is no such thing as the State.”) And for better or for worse, human nature is infinitely changeable – a fact seldom understood by the Crackpot Realists who often prowl the corridors of power. In the long run – no, the very short run – we have to become intelligent mammals, not turn ourselves back into armored dinosaurs. To complete that quotation from Auden: “We must love one another or die.” And it’s very hard to love people who – for excellent reasons – we don’t like. But the alternative is far worse. ― Arthur C. Clarke.
That works both ways. We can all equally say that you shouldn't be allowed to speak. Free speech means we are all free to choose to believe that you're always most probably wrong. You can disbelieve us as well, but we don't care because you are already wrong.
Dude, Trump is out holding rallies in Oklahoma and the Carolina's because he's having electoral troubles in Dixie. He has to literally defend the states of the former Confederacy because he's down in the polls in even his core-voting demographics. Which will mean much less time for him to campaign in the so-called Swing states like Ohio and Florida. Literally his current rally in Oklahoma is hard evidence he's already lost.
What people who scream "don't listen to X-person" always mean is "listen to me and only me".
Dude, Eisenhower was incredibly anti-fascist. The guy literally landed armies in Europe as part of some campaign to stop the god-damned Nazis. Modern Republicans see that as a flaw in his moral character. Mostly because modern Republicans lack all morals.
I'm sorry, most people who are in favor of Trump are just racist shit bags. Their racists because it makes them feel better about themselves. They know their scum, but as long as they think "I'm still better than every black-person", they don't need to bother to improve themselves. For example, look at the large number of people in West Virginia that have refused 40 years of efforts by the US government to them to retrain for jobs other than coal mining. They keep telling themselves that coal mining is going to come back into vogue any day now. The fact of the matter is that coal mining didn't stop, it just doesn't need large numbers of human miners anymore. But you have now had 2.5 generations of miners in West Virginia who refuse to accept this fact. There are literally fathers and grand fathers there telling their sons and grand sons to not bother learning another trade because they heard a rumor that it's all coming back next Tuesday. After 40 years of it not coming back, you think they would learn otherwise, but they don't. NPR did a series of stories about the Billions of dollars the US government has tried to spend on retraining people. You know what most of those idiots uses the retraining money for? To learn more about coal mining. Not to retrain as something productive. That would be the smart thing to do but they have actively refused to do the smart thing at every opportunity. You'd think they would do it by by accident at least once, but they are smart enough to know that would lead to them not being their own victim anymore. Really, there comes a point where we just have to accept that they don't want help. They just want to self-harm. You see this all over Trump's base. Empathy is something they refuse to have for others. They're all into self-harm for themselves and then demanding people help them. As such, I'm all out of empathy for them.
John Tower was elected as a Republican in Texas in 1960 to replace LBJ when he was elected Vice President. That was the first election that indicated the south was open to going conservative Republican. By the early 1970s a lot of Republicans were being elected in the South. Most of them being former Dixiecrats who found the Democratic party too-nice to African Americans.
He doesn't think it's a lie. He just tells lies because the truth doesn't actually matter to him. Because the truth makes them look bad. As such, they have chosen to disbelieve reality. Which doesn't work and that leads to more lying. It's just one long campaign of continuously doubling down on stupid.
[Look at the number](https://i.imgur.com/z8upgBC.jpg) of people who showed up for Trumps "massive" rally in Tulsa. Trump support truly is very lacking. Trump is looking like he might not be able to win a lot of formally *Solid South*. He's going to have to spend valuable campaign time and money defending states like Oklahoma in the general. And if he can't win a solid south, he ain't going to even try and be able to win Ohio or Michigan.
I'm a mod of a lot of subreddits. No mods can see info on who reported comments or submissions. It's a power mods don't have. It's a power 100% reserved to the admins. He's just having delusions of adequacy.
&gt;Blocking streets and the right to travel is not peaceful. It's a time honored tactic used by non-other than Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., Mahatma Gandhi and even advocated by Henry David Thoreau. I'm sorry, you don't get to define it as something else just because you say so. Dr. King was happy to shut down almost all businesses and travel in the state of Alabama during his March from Selma to Montgomery. Roads and trains were all shut down by his protests.
You'd think police would get the message that the Punisher isn't pro-cop because of the shear number of times Frank Castle executes corrupt cops. The reason they adopt him as something to identity with is because they literally aren't actually familiar with him beyond the cool logo. It's the blind leading the stupid.
The most terrible thing about it is it didn't only happen once in the United States. This happened also, at other times, places like Rosewood, FL and Wilmington, NC. Where there were black owned businesses in towns or business district that were doing well economically and the local Whites organized all their local governments and white owned businesses and literally went to war with the local African America population for no other reason than that they were succeeding. If a black-owned business was too successful, that was reason enough for the state or local government to crush it by violent means.
And then they will themselves complain very loudly anytime a dark skinned individual uses a phrase like *by any means necessary* as if Malcolm X didn't learn that lesson specifically from White Americas near constant violent attacks upon African Americans.
You can't fire me from my system administrator job. Sure, I electrocuted every receptionist and blew up the break room with C4, but everyone knows Doris didn't clean the coffee pot yesterday. She had it coming and so did all the other receptionists on staff because they knew Doris.
When the military doesn't want somebody to reenlist or what not, assuming it's not for gross incompetence, they always tell them well ahead of time. Your husband wouldn't just be laid off from the military with a few weeks notice. Even in the event of the military pulling back to just the core-USA it would take years to do that. Your husband would know years ahead of time what their plans for him were.
&gt;As for not liking slavery, neither did Robert E Lee That's a good damned dirty lie. Lee was 100% fully in favor of slavery. To the point that when his uncle died making his executor of his estate, but stipulating that the slaves owned by the estate had to be set free, Lee refused to set them free. Instead courts had to step in and take the estate away from Lee because he was totally refusing to follow the will. Instead Lee wanted to make sure his new farm equipment remained farm equipment forever. Lee also ordered the Army of Northern Virginia to enslave all freed Black men it encountered. You're repeating a known lie. And it was the south that started the god-damned civil war. Sherman should be raised from the dead, given Nuclear weapons, and allowed to finish his work.
The Confederates opened fire on Fort Sumter. They were proud of that fact and told everyone that they started the war. Anyone who says anything else is a lying shit stain that deserves to have Sherman stomp on him and all his relatives forever.
If that quote is real, it just shows Lee is a liar as well as a genocide monster murderer and traitor. His actions are what matter. Everything else is just lying via marketing.
That's just not true. You're only counting people who went through the formality of doing the walk-across-the-isle in senate between elections. If you count the number who switched parties between elections, 22 Senators from the 11 former states of the confederacy, then you find that 17 of them walked out of the Democratic party into the welcoming arms of the now racist Republican Party. Or 77% of the Senate from Racist Dixie. You're not liking this fact does not alter this fact.
Jesus, they weren't actually immortal in life-span, just in spreading their ideology to the Republican party and you think that somehow matters. Every Republican Senator from the former-Dixie is their ideological decedent.
Oh, yeah....there are lots of statues of Marx in the United States. There everywhere. I'm sure there are more statues of Groucho in the United States then there are of Karl.
The Chinese government paid for that statue too. They erected it in Trier on his 200th birthday. Trier has used being Marx's home town to become a minor tourist destination for communists and people who are just interested in hearing about the guys life. You don't have to be a Marxist to find him somewhat interesting. Just look at it this way, it's all pretty much based on solid good old fashioned capitalist style tourist trap crap. As solid as any tourist trap crap is anyway.
You don't understand what Bradley was doing. It was understated but all there. "This is a racist idiot who needs be put in jail". He was making a segment for a news magazine show, not doing a three hour long documentary. He's showing his audience something where they can understand what he's saying in a few minutes. Because more than 99% of people aren't going to sit down to watch a documentary about that same topic. Bradley knew his audience and how to speak to them. That's very much part the job of a good reporter.
Sorry, I thought you were another one of the defenders of the *Peculiar Institution* that runs around on reddit sometimes. It's very hot where I am so I guess I jumped the gun there. Sorry about that.
&gt; Trantor as just another Earth? I think some of the water and outside wasteland areas in it probably were supposed to be the great minds of Trantor -- those who saw the coming of the fall of the Empire -- being exiled to Terminus. Which was an empty world with nothing on it. And the same time, let's remember.... the books were talky, talky and more talky. There going to need to make up some action to put in this show in order to get people to watch it. Hopefully it's actions that were being so-often discussed in the books (but never shown in the books directly) rather than just shit they make up entirely. I'm thinking we're probably going to have to be prepared to them using *Black Friar of the Flame* to justify them putting some aliens in the show as well. And there will probably at least be some hints of Robots as well. If they do it well, I won't mind.
Well, if you want to get way too simplistically technical.... Terminus was settled by people from Trantor. Therefore the last great thing done by the Empire was to found the Foundation.
Where as you often also see the opposite. People today who are somehow complaining that Star Trek of Discovery and Picard is now some how evil extreme left wing politics. As if it wasn't ALWAYS Extreme Left Wing Politics since 1966! I'm waiting for people to scream “Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent” some how has no place in a Foundation show. And lets just face facts, we all know we are going to read that story at least a dozen times. All stories written by stupid right wing fascist people who never read the books. I mean, I still can't figure out for the life of me how it's Newt Gingrich's favorite novel. If there was anyone who was the personification of a person Asimov would have hated with the passion of a billion suns, it's Gingrich. I swear, he would have disliked him more than he hated Nixon and Dole.
There are aliens in one Foundation short story called *Black Friar of the Flame*. Asimov never incorporated it into the Foundation novels though. Mainly because the story wasn't very good. Whenever he reprinted it, there was always an apologia that went with it of "I know this isn't good, but a lot of people keep telling me they want to read it just so they can say they read *all* my Foundation stories. So here you go, don't tell me I didn't warn you". I'm sure its going to be leaned on to justify Aliens in some way. Even if just to explain secret aliens who hide from the Empire because of a genocide he Empire forgot about thousands of years in the past. And if they do it well, I won't care.
Asimov is one of those people who I wish was still around today. His observations on Trump would be worth reading as much as his thoughts about Nixon, Reagan were anyway. Of course, then there was the one time Asimov got really angry and wrote the attack on Jerry Pournelle that was fun to read. I don't think they ever really made up before Asimov died, but for his part Pournelle did admit to being drunk when he pissed off Asimov.
Let's remember that when TNG got really good, *The Inner Light*, *Darmok*, *Yesterday's Enterprise*, etc. that was after Gene Roddenberry left the day-to-day operation of the show behind. And DS9 (especially *In the Pale Moonlight*) doesn't directly even involve Roddenberry. His being dead interfering with any desire he might have had to be involved. As to the changes to Discovery I'm fine with most of them. I loved Jason Isaacs in the show. But he's a top flight actor who is going to win an Oscar someday too. I'm just happy people like him are willing to slum it in Star Trek occasionally. As to Picard, I think most of the complaints about that were dumber. I think people were mostly pissed that Stewart is an 80 year old now and not a 60 year old. That's going to change what the actor can do. And that explains why they brought back a lot of other people who seemed to just be there to be there. They were there because Stewart couldn't do real action anymore. And somebody had to do it. Neither were all that bad. Neither was great, but most of the complaints I saw were about bullshit that wasn't true. Idiots complaining about left wing politics in something that has been nothing but left wing politics since it was invented. I don't care what those morons think about anything. They are the deplorables of society and our world will be much better off once they all die. In the words of Alidar Jarok they exactly the kind of people who will get us all killed if were not careful.
The original reason the Foundation universe was free of intelligent aliens was the fact that John W. Campbell didn't like stories about intelligent aliens that beat humans sometimes. Asimov didn't like that but knew his editor and wrote stories that his editor was going to like. It's also why they short of leak back in at the edges of things in the newer books written later that weren't specifically written for Campbell to have first chance to buy. But by then Asimov was trapped in "no alien" land and had to then come up with hand waving about his vague references to them being possible. And there was one kind of Foundation story that he did write during the 1940s that does deal with aliens: *Black Friar of the Flame*. But it was one of Asimov's stinkers. So he didn't bring it into the Foundation trilogy and wanted it mostly to be forgotten. It was turned down by Campbell and was only published some years later when Fred Pohl found it after digging through Asimov's reject pile. Pohl figured it was good enough and found somebody to publish it.
There are vague connections between BRotF and Foundation. But I think you are correct, and I misremembered the name of the story. The one I appear to be referencing was very probably *Blind Alley*. Oy vey.
It changes nothing. Daneel being male really isn't a central point of the stories. Maybe one could say it matters a bit in the robot novels, but in Foundation it matters not even a little. And even where it matters in the robot novels, one would easily re-write it so that it didn't. This is Asimov they're adapting here. He wouldn't have gotten up in arms about gender switches for movies and tv. His politics were liberal Democrat that bordered on socialist and he often wrote about things that we'd now call Social Justice. He would not have had a problem with it at all. The people who get their worked up about changes like this are exactly the kind of people we shouldn't care about. In the slightest.
More so, the news media actively tried to ignore what happened to Floyd. When it happened it was page six news of the news paper. It was only after people got to screaming about it on Social media that the news sites were finally, after three or four days, at long last, forced to give real coverage of what happened to George Floyd. Because by then it was cover the story or cover the public burning your news studio to the ground. The news media, as always, actively tried to ignore police misconduct for the umpteenth time. The news media has been making excuses for the police murdering people who did nothing wrong for the last seven or eight decades.
It's time for a Committee of Public Safety that deals with the police.
Because you are walking into my local district with your bullshit and abusing me and my neighbors. As such, we need protection from your protection racket. By any means necessary!
&gt; the petulant child You'll find that in your own mirror.
I hadn't heard that about Dune before, but now that I look at it, that's a change tot the character that makes sense. If you can't have Max von Sydow, might as well go a whole other direction. Herbert wouldn't have cared, and I'm sure Sydow would have given them his blessing as well.
You mistyped 20060.
By that measure, a person just changing their mind on a topic is now a form of censorship. And that way lies madness.
Are you saying that we are supposed to worship Matt Damon?
Byrd never left the Democratic Party. He renounced his membership in the Klan and said it was the greatest mistake he ever made. And several other Congressmen represented their states in the House as Southern Dixiecrat's who then later were elected to the US Senate as Republicans. You are purposely not counting some 17 individuals who were later elected to the US Senate as Republicans who previously were registered Elected Democrats. They had to run as Republicans because the Democrats didn't want those shit-stains around anymore. In short, your lying via obfuscation by sewing contusion. Lester Maddox never got elected as Republican because Jimmy Carter defeated him in the Election. And you are therefore refusing to count him in your results because he was a shit-stain that the Democratic party purposely politically killed.
Well, it's starts with their mod list and runs from their love the fictional Protocol of the Elders of Zion. Which they think is real for some reason.
How soon people forget Apples Butt Headed Astronomer Project because Sagan sued them for unofficially referring to it previously as the Sagan Project. They were trying to honor the guy. Maybe they should have asked first, but they were literally just trying to say "We love you" in their own way.
So when somebody who is worth more than Joe Rogan says the opposite of what Rogan says you immediately stop believing Rogan because money is the only deciding factor. Albert Einstein was never worth a billion dollars, so his opinion doesn't matter. Joe Rogan has shit for brains.
If somebody explains to you that 2+2=4, and you then interrupt them to explain that you have a friend who proved that 2+2=a potato..... neither you nor you friend are actually having "thoughts".
It was Murray Gell-Mann that used to say "Everything not forbidden by the laws of physics is compulsory". Meaning if it's possible, look for it in nature. If you can't find it, it's very probably impossible.
Race issues are still tackle better by written SF. Hollywood is always 50 to 75 years behind the writers. Star Wars is space opera SF, a lot like E.E. "Doc" Smith who first published Skylark of Space in 1921. Smith died 12 years before Star Wars came out. Apple is making Foundation by Asimov. Daneel is going to be played by a woman. This is something Issac Asimov, a man who had no problem supporting Feminism openly, wouldn't have had a problem with. Because Asimov was always about Progressive liberal politics. His dislike of Richard Nixon and Bob Dole burned with a passion of a billion nuclear explosions, and he didn't much like Reagan either. Reagan kept trying to invite him to the White House and Asimov kept saying "Not while you are in the White House". But people don't seem to care that the creator himself wrote about the limitations of his own writing, and admitted that he never included enough woman in his books. Because they somehow missed that Asimov was a ragging Near Socialist for more than 50 years of a long public career as a famous author. Asimov would have thought Bernie Sanders was a Conservative. But a lot of idiots miss these points because they have not been paying attention. So now we have idiots screaming about how changing the fake-sex of a Robot somehow matters? Realistically, it looks like Daneel and Dors (a female Robot character from two of the later Foundation novels) were probably merged into one-character. That's my guess anyway. Which is something that happens when TV and movies do adaptions of other peoples stories. TV and movies normally have to cut down on the numbers of characters that appear in multiple books. This crap about Foundation is similar to the same idiots screaming about left wing politics in Star Trek, Star Wars and Marvel movies. ALL THOSE THINGS were always reservoirs of left wing political statements. How people couldn't notice these commentaries in Star Trek (where Kirk fights side by side with Abe Lincoln in one episode), or Marvel comics, where Black Panther was named after the [Black Panther Tank Battalion](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/761st_Tank_Battalion_(United_States%29) from World War II (which is also where the Black Panther political party got it's name), and Star Wars literally has the bad guys being actual Space Nazis. This is all Left Wing politics! People who claim they didn't notice it before now are just purposely deaf and blind to what they have been watching for decades.
Bitch, you almost made me laugh!
Then you need to say the same thing about Warren Buffett. Who Rogan called a COMMUNIST. As if a man with $70 billion could be a communist. Because Warren Buffett has called for tax increases because he pays less as a percentage of his income in taxes than that the poor or middle class. And Warren Buffett, being that wealthy, is going to know way more about tax policy that an idiot like Joe Rogan or you! Joe Rogan is, if we apply your bullshit standard, clearly a loser because he doesn't have $70 billion dollars. You have one standard for others and a totally different for yours 'friends' who aren't even your friends.
&gt; remove her altogether I think we have our answer.
Nixon did a few things right. At the same time, he got a lot of things wrong. And he never had a secret plan to end the Vietnam war. He was a corrupt shit.
Senator Keene, weclome to the discussion.
It's okay if instead of rocks I instead use rocket launchers, right? And if i get bored of rocket launchers (well, let be honest here. *When* I get bored of rocket launchers), I can graduate to to nuclear weapons!
I've read all of Asimov's novels several times. And I've thought for decades now that if one was to attempt to do Foundation as a TV or movie production, that one would need to bring in material from Prelude and Forward to tell people the story. Especially if you are going to culminate in the big revel of Daneel at the end. The story is very big and the books are mostly just characters talking at what mind as well be somebody's kitchen table. Where, if you directly adapted the novels.... the great action of the story will involve one character toasting a bagel at some point. That is going to need to change to adapt the material and make it interesting for the masses. They're going to need to show something like a space battle. Maybe one of those fought by Bel Riose ("last of the Imperials") or The Mule. Yes, the point will need to be made that the space battles are inherently meaningless..... as the real action is political, economic and social movements. But that is something Hollywood has shown before in dramas about the futility of war. Thus Asimov's famous quote: “Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent”. And yes, the same one that caused drunken Jerry Pournelle to get angry at Asimov some decades later. I remember Asimov's essay blasting Pournelle for that. I've watched the trailer and I think it looks very promising. But then, I love Jared Harris and I would gladly watch him read the phone book.
That's an excellent choice or the role. Seldon needs to be smart, but normal in most other ways. He can't be unapproachable.
The whole point of the comic was that Rorschach was the bad guy. No matter what he thinks of himself, he was the bad guy. So yes, the people in the tv show who are the bad guys are going to love Rorschach. I've always thought that the people who go around talking about Rorschach being some great character were always missing the point. Just because you are deluded and believe Reinhard Heydrich was only misunderstood doesn't make it true. He was a bad guy regardless of any BS you want to mention in some dumb attempt to mitigate the details.
And now for my opinion, I think both were equally very good. I enjoyed both. Of course, I watch the 215 minute version of of the movie.
Adaptations near always have to leave behind some aspect of the original. Written word is different from comics. Comics aren't TV shows. TV shows aren't movies. There will always been some change introduced. I don't think it's disrespect. It's understanding that the medium matters.
Let me expand on something here. It doesn't matter what he said because he's the one who talks to the press. In other words, he's the one who makes the excuses and tries to convince people that what they saw with their own eyes and heard with their own ears didn't actually happen. He's their public relations liar.
The crew of the USS Pueblo was tortured by the North Koreans. /r/Conservative is so supportive of torture that they're 100% cool with Americans being tortured by an evil Communist Regime.
The welcoming of the racist Dixiecrats into the Republican party. [See here](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Southern_strategy).
The top racist comment was removed by the /r/Pics mods. It it currently at +195. It's not in /r/Pics anymore, but they left some of the racist-twats other comments and you can find it that way (click his profile).
It's also something that they themselves, even is we assume for some reason that they have no non-white ancestry, had anything to do with. [Doug Stanhope on having pride in accomplishments you actually had nothing to do with](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FKT4a-RMT5o).
Then there are rational people who have problems with both Trump and the USSR.
The reason it was used the world over, even though it produces ugly buildings, is that it was cheap to build that way. It's just a lot of bare concrete basically. They often try to dress it up to look like they're doing a modern take on medieval castles or something, but it's left as bare concrete mostly because they didn't want to spend a lot of extra-money on making them truly look nice. At it's heart, It's just a cheap way of building.
That kid is going to grow up to say "You know what I'm saying?!?!" a lot
Obama was smart enough to listen to advisors or writers when they recommended smart things too him. Nor did he go around trying to convince everyone, mostly himself, that he was some kind of genius. Only absolute morons do that.
There was a time, long ago, when Pier 1 was a decent store. But that was back when they didn't try and add on a 9904004% mark-up.
Carl Sagan was one of only three people Isaac Asimov thought was smarter than himself. The other two were Marvin Minsky and Norbert Wiener.
Hit somebody? Sorry, wrong song.
See, I think we have to tolerate a bit of re-hanging the background here. What matters most is the ideas, not the framing of the background. And you seem to be focusing on things based on &lt;2 minutes of actual footage. I'm fine with so-called Social Justice changes. Asimov himself would have been fine with changes like that. Isaac Asimov was a near-socialist New Dealing Liberal Democrat who thought FDR never went far enough toward the Liberals. He said, several times, that his early stories lacked female characters largely because he himself didn't know many women at the time. Later in life, while he improved, he would have admitted to not improving enough. Anyone who has problems with changes like that was never a fan of Isaac Asimov. Because clearly they never bothered to understand anything he wrote. I'm just going to say it, people who bitch about shit like that need, at best, to be 100% totally ignored. They're stupid lunatics. If I had to guess right now, I think Daneel might have been merged with Dors. And that was a good relationship from the prequel novels that could be a window into explaining Psycho-history to people who never read the books. I'm currently thinking positively about the series. We got Jared Harris as Hari. That's good casting. Otherwise, we have mere glimpses at some footage. Footage that could currently be easy for us to get completely wrong. And that's assuming they're showing us real footage. Sometimes stuff cut out of shows/movies makes it into trailers. And let's remember something else here. They aren't going to just make a tv show of people sitting around kitchen tables talking about history, psychology, politics and space battles and never show any of it. Which is basically what a 100% faithful version of Foundation would look like. "And now for the great action drama of episode #4, when Salvor Hardin eats a sandwich". Yeah, they need to spice this up more than a little. Just accept that fact.
Well, there are ways to deal with false positives. For example, only ban accounts that have made 100 or more comments where more than 40% of their comments where in r/TD. Criteria like that would not trigger any false positives.
Norman Lear, Milton Berle.
Fort Bragg was founded in 1918. Bragg, the person it was named for, died in 1876. It was not named after him before the Civil War started. 1918 is more than 40 years after Bragg died.
Yeah, because Star Trek was always perfect. It wasn't like Gene Roddenberry ever made an episode of TOS where Good Captain Kirk ever had fist fight with Evil Captain Kirk or anything. No, things like that never happened.
