Seems like a stretch.
Rakugo on top 10 and no 3-Gatsu is just weird. I usually assume that people that appreciate one will appreciate the other, since they're slow but well written character based stories with amazing dialogue and depth.
Frost is probably better since Fire scales with gear.
Undead Druid would be... Interesting.
How do you kill that which has no life?
I felt that the Castlevania anime had pretty mediocre animation, and honestly I don't think 2D animation fits Warcraft *at all*.
New player here, I've never heard of this Ra. Where is he from? Is he from Vanilla?
And 3D is what it grew with.
Noob here, what are bonus rolls?
Where do I buy them?
A Tinker class ranged DPS spec that uses guns sounds cool. None of those classes you mentioned sounds unique enough to have class fantasy for three specs, there are probably better options out there.
You're supposed to get into dungeons on a 5 man team along with 2 other DPS players, a Tank and a Healer.
You're dangerously close of saying interesting stuff.
Specially from actual best girl Sayaka.
I think you have very good and reasonable opinions but don't you dare say it near any dedicated Naruto community like /r/Naruto.
Are there any classes not mentioned here you still want to get a better idea?
&gt;Because of the title I thought this would be a discussion about volleyball skills, but it's just about which characters we like best right? This sub in a nutshell.
Except the humans, which is only fair.
What did this ability do?
I thought it was a pretty fun dungeon, how did it use to be?
Isn't spriest better than chicken atm?
I also think that there was a massive part of the team on a big Blizzard projecto that eventually failed and gave way to Overwatch. They came back to the team in Legion.
Sometimes slower = more fun. Specially considering 99% of new players complain about overleveling a region before completing the storyline or Dungeons being just a game of catch-up where you're barely able to contribute or know what the hell is going on.
What makes *you* more important than me? You're saying you want a broken, brainless and fast leveling because you only care about endgame since you've already seen everything that came before. This update are for everyone who wants to enjoy leveling and everything WoW has to offer, and learn along the way.
Very true. Characters in Garden of Words weren't very expressive at all but Your Name made me feel like I was watching a Hosoda movie at times.
I just hope they don't go the route of the bully being the new bullied and then Hinata being the one who'll reach her hand for her.
I feel like this is a reference to something, but can't guess what :(
6/6*
This is too early for mid-expansion shitposts.
I hate when Mona talks shit about him when he misses an attack. And then drools over Ann when she hits hers.
Blizzard even made an off-meta decks highlight to delay it but it wasn't enough, you just can't fight it off.
She da fek queen.
I love this.
Yeah, a character written by ONE.
I'm guessing it'll be a straight copy of Kiznaiver's main protagonist's love triangle [spoiler](/s "where the best friend after finally making her move and seeing it didn't work will need to move on and eventually falling in love with a good fella who had always been there for her, like Goro").
Until we see Syaoran fighting beside her I'll keep with my theory that he's the antagonist. Or rather, "antagonist".
And Yukito was a fairy.
The pack you got today is not from him, it's just a daily free pack to celebrate the ongoing tournament. It takes a couple of weeks before we get these packs.
Easy exemple is the rain in Stormwind after Varian's death.
Based TheCSK.
You'd probably have already been spoiled by this sub at some point(s).
Agreed, they seem like totally different characters and with inverted roles. I guess you were supposed to relate to Syaoran back then, but relate to Sakura after he made his confession.
He probably wasn't always like that and she gets turned off by this new hateful personality.
She's Felurian.
When did they talk about aging effects?
Not only in the US, I watched the cartoon as a kid in Brazil. My dad was a fan too.
Would probably be higher if you didn't make US Canada's father, the joke is good but that just doesn't make sense.
And 15 when he debuted for Santos.
Or A Silent Voice. Two of the highest grossing anime movies of all time in Japan (and genuinely great on their own right) ignored. Even beyond those two movies. You can have whatever opinion on anime, but Japan produces amazing animated films from time to time. Wolf Children probably being my favorite. And yet we consistently see mediocre movies on the nominations.
You should never question when someone is straight up telling in which lenguage a text is. In all likelyhood he probably knows what he's talking about.
It's the same in Portuguese then.
Ah yes, I'm sure the decision was made around not losing 9 paying costumers out of their millions of players.
Hahaha it loses the sarcasm because it definitely looks like a comment you'd see around here.
They have a shiny thingy on their forehead.
The Season 2 finale was the peak of the series so far, so it leaves a better impression.
Which is probably the only reason it isn't seeing play. Warrior's best weapon right now has only 2 attack.
I felt the same way last match though, but the other way around. Karasuno keeping up with and beating Inarizaki felt much more forced for me. We'll just have to accept that the narrative takes priority over realism. At least early on Nakoma was letting a lot of balls hit the floor.
Most people don't get as far as giving one look at their moveset.
[Spoiler](/s "Or Makoto's older sister.")
He was very good at that role when he started with us but got worse and doesn't use that side of him very much at Real, where he has much more competent teammates. But yeah, he has the skills.
He isn't that great at the 9 position, he's a victim of our formation. But I wouldn't be surprised if he took Jesus' place considering how much he improved.
I liked Willian. His creativity and effort are consistent, even if it doesn't always work. Our first goal started with a great pass from him.
Relevant flair.
Jesus and Neymar play really well together, much better than Firmino ever did.
Are there? I played it and I can't recall any.
We don't have malasadas here, unless it has a different name (wikipedia didn't mention it, though). It's popular in Hawaii with its origin in Portugal. I guess they put some Portugal influences in Hawaii in the game, but nothing distinctly Brazilian.
He's a Dragon, so he should be able to one shot Puri Puri. He's strong but he's not able to beat stronger Demons like Sea King, let alone a Dragon.
He's a joke character, I'm not sure if I want to see him getting serious.
I swear that the back and forth at the end of the episode gave me one of my hardest laughs in anime. Their voices were just too funny and cartoony.
Also she's very jealous of the attention he gives Rei, trying to call his attention with silly things (remember the pool scene?). Personally I'm into that 'Rei is Shinji's mom" theory so I don't think that's a good pairing, but would also explain his interest in her.
I mean, you can't take Asuka's words literally unless you're as clueless as Shinji.
This thread is just wonderful.
I think Telê is more iconic, since his football was very Brazilian in style.
Tite, soon enough.
He had 4 in the Group Stages in 2014, it's not crazy. Ronaldo had 7 in 2002 iirc.
Ronaldinho never had great performances for Brazil outside that one goal against England.
Brilliant title.
Meh, it's too much like Choji from Naruto.
It seems like only the blondie survived, the rest were on the ground.
One For All
That would be France, Germany lost a final to us.
Switzerland has a good defence, I'm not *that* optimist.
Honestly it were his tactics that won Mexico this game, their players were definitely not doing a good job and missed a *ton* of chances.
Rip US chances of ever going to WC.
It could have easily went 3 or 4-0 for Mexico if their players weren't so clueless upfront. Osório tactics won them the match, imo. Germany was shockingly bad all around. Shaky defence and uncreative attack in the most difficult group in the WC. I wouldn't be surprised if they finish second or don't qualify at all if they keep this up.
He's not doing well this game but he's a big surprise factor. He's very tactically important, specially on big games where a single goal is immense.
Willian can be counted on, though. He's incredibly consistent in his creativity, even if he's not as talented as Neymar and Coutinho.
He's our best at freekicks and by a good margin.
I like you.
Congratulations!
Senegal is the best African team, I figured they'd be on par with those two. Japan joining the race was a surprise though, this is the most balanced group.
Poor Brazilians are even happier.
Did Felipe Melo stay a cunt over there too? I'd be shocked if he didn't.
Yeah this sub has been pretty ridiculous about this, though the reaction was expected. If Neymar didn't embelish that foul, the penalty would have been awarded, and that's the lesson here. There was a touch interfering with his movement and that's a foul, but the overreaction and arm flailing made the original touch seem much weaker than it was. I'm not saying it 100% was a penalty, some people still wouldn't give it, but it certainly isn't an unanymous decision like people make it seem like here. Neymar's desperation and insecurity brought him down, there.
So did I, so I need to praise the players. That non-penalty on Neymar was out of pure frustration and insecurity, and it showed his entire match. The team never did fall into desperation and managed a victory in the end as a reward for that. I'm glad Neymar had that penalty uncalled and then scored with the ball rolling later. Hopefully this game is a learning experience for the rest of the tournament!
Because Willian plays really well for us, though he's been really poor this WC. Usually he's one of our most creative players.
I think the fact that the Swiss and Costa Ricans have two of the best defences in the entire competition should be mentioned. It requires some serious effort to break those walls so I'm not that unhappy about those games.
I'm glad that penalty wasn't given but he got a goal in the end with the ball rolling. The bad behavior didn't play off but the good behavior (not giving up, kept trying to the end and didn't fall into desperation) did. It's a good lesson for the rest of the WC.
Same thing does for Brazil. I've already seen many people judging Brazil by what they saw or heard by Brazilians living abroad, who usually have a very different opinion on a lot of things around here. I don't think there's a way around that.
Unlike that of any user ever. /u/GGABueno, /u/princessfin, /u/boregon, etc... that felt like some fucking poet shit at the end. Respect to /u/Number333 for managing that when I thought he was FINISHED.
Brazil and Switzerland too. It was questionable if Gabriel received a penalty at all, but the referee refused to check it when everyone asked for it.
Jesus, Costa Rica team playing 5-5-0 4-0'd the US. I respect Costa Rica's football but... wow.
Yeah, México is scarier tbh. They're historically troublesome to us.
We like you too.
You know it's European Portugal when it sounds like Russian.
se*
Chun Li
Coitado do bode...
It is when the head of state represents the army.
It's so funny seeing a Bolsominion in the wild. They don't survive beyond the natural habitat that is the bubble that Brazil is currently living in. I'm guessing you're also loving his minister choices who'll finally get us rid of the global communist conspiracy!
I agree about the drawing. All of his children drawings have really round faces and Boruto looks like one of the worst. Kawaki doesn't have the same round face.
I mean, Eugeo is basically Kirito's echo fighter.
Didn't know Thierry Henry played Pokémon, I hate him a little less now.
Brazilian.
I'd say the same for his own team tbh. They had a couple notorious players but man Ushijima carried that team *hard*.
That's just the US, the problem is bigger.
Hearthstone site had this thing where you voted for which Loa you world be supporting in the Rumble. I voted for Shirvallah and got her as my free legendary. &amp;#x200B; I assumed they just gave you the Loa+Spirits you voted for. Did I just get lucky or did people in this thread just ignore that? I'm pretty sure it was in the front page here.
I wonder if Gridnight will fuse with the others.
Also the Kaiju ripping Gridman apart.
I don't think raping three girls is worse than killing thousands of innocents.
For a moment I thought he came back :(
Your whole post is so rebellious and salty that makes it ridiculous and invalidates any good point you could have in there.
I just rescued a kitten who was left in a box besides a trash can. I also called her Auri because of her tragic story!
Most South Americans would park the bus, are you kidding? Even River, if the situation or the opponent were different.
Intention only matters with simulation.
Reminded me of that Italy goal on Germany in Germany in 2006.
It could be mementos itself, though it'd be too red imo.
Their totems are beer kegs though, they're awesome.
We got story mode in Frozen Throne expansion. They tried this formula because Dungeon Run was a huge success but I bet they'll do it again with an appropriate expansion.
Either Phoenix Man can resurrect others or the subterranian people can transform into people they eat or something like that.
Found Phoenix Man's reddit account.
Seriously, I'm loving this rewrite.
CE blasted through earth to reach air.
I don't think we've seen anything close to this level of destructive power since Boros and Saitama.
Maybe Metal Knight has quantity, while CE's firepower is all focused on MK.
You can see that the hole is much bigger than the one he went through, it barely helped.
Yeah, and they were pulverized in the very next panel, and in the following panel you can see the size comparison between the tunnel and the blast.
I don't play NMS at all, but what the developers did is worth of praise. I don't think there's any winning against Stardew Valley (it's the successful work of love story in a nutshell), but they also deserve the title.
The fact he can repeatedly use his beam is definitely the best argument. It's just that CE's beam just seems stronger by magnetudes. Rover has to shoot multiple times to reach the bottom, while CE's beam went through the entire thing without seemingly losing strength. That panel with the beam leaving the ground taking basically the entire neighborhood with it is insane.
I would think it's ridiculously dangerous to let a sleeping person in that situation. Imagine falling into the water in a sleeping bag with sleep drowsiness and possibly with an air mattress above your head... It either had to be fake or the prankster was a complete idiot.
He's revived and on the stratosphere, there's an appropriate scene for this kind of return in the webcomic. I want this so much.
RIP that man.
Didn't he say "Espera pra dormir na pescaria" aka "wait to sleep when fishing"?
Go take it in the ass son of a bitch, penis!
Jornal*
Or... you know... that's how his hair is shaped.
Chance ball!
We are more accepting of immigrants than most other christian countries. It's easy to say you want to live in a first world country, but then you're treated like shit over there.
They didn't need to steal, most of it were handed to them.
I'd also say we mixed the culture brought by all these nations between the entire population. "Japanese Brazilians" play soccer and eat Italian food, "Italian Brazilians" watch anime and eat Japanese food. These are things that were brought by different groups but now is just part of our culture.
Eu estava lá, eu era o segundo f
Meme velho, mas checa fora
ALL HAIL JAIR ALL HAIL JAIR
Seria com certeza uma surpresa, porém uma bem-vinda.
Hopefully he gets some closure so he can move on.
Most great shows have great use of sound as well, since they usually come with good directing and vision. You can see the difference in its use between the two seasons of One Punch Man. Terror in Resonance doesn't have the best story but has by far the best soundtrack in anime, imo.
That's his actual name in the Portuguese translation of the game, it's hilarious. I've heard it's the same for Spanish.
We never had a dark skinned villain in Pokémon.
I forgot to count them because I always have the OG Team Aqua in mind.
And how did the cops shave?!
Just like her master.
I stopped watching the anime after the arc where they travelled to the Mist village. What happened since? Anything of note character wise?
Man, we need one. Make another for the Hound and Tormund while we're at it.
Oh yeah, I actually watched that fight. The animation was out of this world, best action from 2018 by a margin. What was the Mitsuki retrieval arc? I think I heard of that one. And did they do anything with Sumire? She had a great arc and seemed like a great ninja but then just disappeared.
Você respondeu a sua própria pergunta?
You grow boobs.
I'm glad it died, then. Autochess is a much better investment.
Agreed. When they revealed the gameplay I knew it would take a miracle for it to work out. And even then it would be niche at best.
Como posso aprender esse poder?
Eu te amo.
Don't jinx it!
I feel like a lot of pokémons from new gens have one or two too many colors.
A sexual assault victim.
If it isn't obvious for some reason, yes, the production value matters. One Punch Man would never be as popular as it is if it had this kind of quality in its first season. Animation, sound, pacing, timing, use of the soundtrack. Everything is half-assed and mediocre, even if there's enjoyment to be had because good things about the manga are half-delivered.
They didn't show it in the manga either. Probably because we were meant to see it from Suiryu's point of view and "feel" his shock.
Are you sure you're 36? I mean, I probably share the same or a similar opinion on MCU as you but you're just being ridiculous. You sound 13.
I felt like she was just being herself.
And whiteness.
Yup, I have no idea what that is.
5* would be pseudo-legendaries like Dragonite or Metagross. We're basically forced to use 3 stage pokémon. Bug type could be the equivalent for Druids, so we can get the kinds of Butterfree or Beedril as early but fairly weak 3*.
Mate I've been playing since first gen, don't come with that "lul kids these days" bullshit. How fucking hard is to admit nostalgia bias.
Probably refers to the win/lose we had for most of our chapters. The game about confession is over, so we'll get a new game.
Official one, at least. They already went to the movies and a for a walk around the culture festival.
Maybe she was the one behind Masie originally lol
I wonder how he does with Gods now.
His name is Beastmaster.
Seems like it, we have a few of those in DAC.
If you put Warriors on a line and he's close to a corner, he might pull a tank from the other corner.
Gale Wind and Hellfire Flame are their names.
This is perfect, except Alehandro is Spanish. Change it for Alessandro and you have a Brazilian novela.
Ronaldo was called Ronaldinho before Ronaldinho Gaúcho showed up. Maybe he's the one he meant.
That's just Dunga.
The 3-0 against Spain was really nice. They were flying high on their 2 Euros and a WC. We do really well in Confederations Cup because it's basically our only opportunity to face Europeans in a competition besides the World Cup.
Neither explanation still make sense though, because he did issue a second order for the titans to pursue Reiner and friends later on.
When did she say this?
I assumed that the horse titan is Ymir's. She somehow agreed to become titan food and wrote a letter to Historia before dying. I don't think Zeke, Reiner and Beethoven ever got time to leave the walls, send Ymir to the mainland and call of reinforcement.
GODS I WAS HOPEFUL THEN
Relevant username
Underlords have its own sub. This sub just as much about TFT as it is about Underlords. There's obviously more content about Underlords because it's on open beta and the most similar to original Auto Chess.
Tbf people liked her before those parts were released.
She's the best among worst girls.
The glass didn't hit the head of the first dude, it hit his shoulder.
Same! I started in the first gen, but third gen is the one that feels like home. The nostalgia effect is really strong, I never had a starter challenge Swampert's position as my favorite.
Because you probably thought of a different one. It's not an uncommon name.
We ain't in the 80s anymore, mate. Play with old tactics and you get fucked by the first good opposition playing modern football, which is something you won't find in this Copa it seems.
He had one save the entire game
Those were also *the* best Brazilian 9s of all time too, though. Our 9s are always among the best currently in the world, but even then they're a step above.
Wait, Batrider is not-garbage now? I haven't seen him too much,
&gt;É insuportável acompanhar qualquer jogo do Brasil no &gt; &gt;r/soccer &gt; &gt; quando o jogo é contra um europeu. Ficam só reclamando quando tem falta na gente chamando de cai cai. Diria que isso é mais coisa de americano, eles reclamam disso muito mais que Europeus. Futebol feminino com certeza faz a proporção de americanos naquele sub aumentar.
I feel like Alchemist is underappreciated here. Isn't his version in Underlords the same as his pre-nerf in Auto Chess? His ult is incredibly useful (and with increased AoE!) and can be played for his ult alone, just like other great 4$. He's easily A tier for me. I also thought it was weird to see Arc Warden in A tier and Razor in B tier, I'd love to hear other people's opinion on this.
It's a by the books shonen, but with good production. If you like shonen, you'll like it. If you're past it, don't really need to bother.
This is the first time Kaguya admitted liking someone to someone other than Hayasaka. This is a really big deal, and it's sweet that it happened with Ishigami.
A man of culture, I see.
Isn't it the other way around? I'm pretty sure that reroll strategy tanked really hard. If you want to play Scrappy/Goblins, you need to level up fast to get higher chances of getting Techies. Otherwise you just depend on highrolling an early Techies.
Does Bloodbound have a place? Because if it does, I really want to know where is it.
Honestly, it is better, by a long shot. It's an amazing adaptation, with awesome animation and soundtrack.
RIP Mirana, no one will miss you. So, we got a 2$ God/Wizard and a 4$ Demon/Wizard. A Demon/Wizard sounds like something you could slap into any build. I have no idea what to expect from the 2$ God one, It seems like the change from 50/50 cooldown reduction to 40/40/40 would make that build even stronger when it wasn't exactly needed. I dunno what these units do, though.
The stats are the same. The gameplay is the same. The mechanics are the same. The only thing that changes is the item system, and Underlords' version is not dumbed down. How the hell is it dumbed down? You're complaining about stats that exist not being visible yet in this beta version of the game and claiming this means its dumbed down. Sorry, that's dumb. We're yet to get a dumbed down version of DAC, everything we got so far either replicates or replaces some aspect of DAC with an equally complex mechanic.
Some units scale more than others, like Terrorblade and the Slark I mentioned. Slark is particularly crazy because he gets stronger the longer he survives, give him a good item and he'll solo half of the enemy team.
None.
Yeah. Mages is the old one where you decrease Magic Resistence on opponents. Wizard is a new one released in the latest patch where (2) Wizards activate alliances that require (4) or more units. Aka, you can make (6) Goblins without Techies, or (4) Trolls with just 3 Trolls.
Às vezes esses dois andam de mãos dadas.
Um bom ponto. Cara de pau pra fugir de diálogo ele tem.
But why male models?
But even season 8 is good if we use average tv as the measure for comparison.
Then there's two things it does better than average tv.
Axe and Doom already have different looks when 2* and 3*. But we do not know if those are final, since they're certainly not as shiny as Dota 2 version's.
Good times.
But those three fit really well on a Sorc build, and those can kill Draven
I'm still coming to terms to the fact that I'll drop Hearthstone this year, after playing since 2013 :( I still enjoy the game and haven't spent anything on it for almost two years, but I guess there are simple other games that I want to spent my time on and HS is pretty punishing for those who don't do their quests regularly.
Aushaushuahsuahsuahahs
That's right, Bobby B.
Episode 11 and 5 of Mob did for the whole episode what Demon Slayer's 19 did in the last 5 minutes. It's just the shounen effect, remember that most of the people here are teenagers that are really into shounens and isekais. Half-decent shows are seen as some of the best.
As did AoT.
What will happen to our heroes? Will they finally be able to come out on top?! Next episode: Japan wins silver.
It was, but wrong sub.
Is that from Merunya?
You're the first one that I've seen that mentioned her gender at all though.
It's because it's the Pope being visibly irritated. The next day he apologized, said that even he can lose his patience from time to time and said he didn't set a good exemple. It was news because it was an amusing fact, but got resolved without much issues.
He apologized for losing patience and not setting a good exemple. Pretty fair imo, considering his position.
Três ou dois dias antes das próximas eleições*
I do the same on Twitch though.
We should want better, but to expect better is to set yourself to disappointment tbh.
I think the main cast is the least interesting thing in the show honestly. The world itself though is very interesting and actually pretty realistic imo.
I just want to thank all the fallen soldiers who missed the joke like me but took the bullets before me. You're the real heroes.
All three of them.
Didn't you see Aphelios' thread on the front page?
Borrowing this question, will there be another Prestige skin added to the N&amp;D tokens like TD Qiyana was added to Worlds'? I'm eyeing the Prestige megazord Garen in the PBE.
What's the lore behind those two?
Voli, the bear.
Is it worse that the game releasing a new Lunar origin with its two champions being Karma and Leona, while Diana is an Infernal?
They were Kai'Sa, Nami, Azir, Rengar and Urgot. Only two showed up, and Urgot seemed to be ulting Viktor.
That would be fantastic. I guessed there would be more videos but I didn't think about remaking old songs.
Too little, like Totodile.
The joke is the double meaning, and that a chicken crossing the road is obviously going to get run over.
Also keeping track of all summoner's spells around. She basically used all of them throughout that fight.
The arms are Squirtle's, it's just the little red spikes at the back.
Yeah, it was really sad seeing them hyping it and Itachiyama up when they were both basically scrapped from the manga.
I don't think there's any meaningful backstory to be revealed. She's a girl that's lonely a lot because of how much her parents travel and a reject at school because of her general behavior (also because of her parents' work). Those two thinks explain who she is now well enough.
The hell was Carvajal even doing there? Didn't want the Atlético players to reach their teammate?
Justo, está fazendo o que propôs.
It gets its own seasons, like with Set 2.
Mammal-like would be a better term.
Why is he so unplayed?
Did Star Wars really cave to the fans in the new trilogy? I'm not a big fan of the franchise, but most of the complains that I saw were how "they didn't do X character justice" or "hurr durr subverting expectations". If they aren't following what the more avid fans expected, then they aren't caving to fans right?
Which is just a normal Malphite but with makeup. And a tiny ribbon.
There are people with huge dogs too.
Release the new champ along with a new Emo Punk Yordle band. Perfect.
It's pretty common for teams that just won world titles to fall off a bit in the next few games. Very common in football at least.
Compare clubs, then. Competitive teams in general are prone to fall off a bit after a major title.
Wow, she looks like a Brazilian samba dancer.
Que bosta cara, passei por algo parecido. Dói muito mesmo, demorei mais ou menos um ano para considerar adotar outro. Ele não merecia isso, mas com o tempo o que vai ficar na memória são os momentos felizes com ele.
Isn't "Freak twins" the nickname for the Miya brothers?
Sr. Rouba Sua Cadela
Não acho. A memória é curta, o Brasil vai ficar com essa fama enquanto tivermos reacionários no governo, mas assim que entrar outro governo a imagem muda com eles e a nova referência.
Nah, it's certainly most, if not all. We're just not assholes all the time.
Gotta watch from the seven seas like most of the world.
True, but it won't be worse. It's different from something like OPM where a lower quality was expected.
ITT: Every pokémon with whiskers.
Que seja, só muda o nome.
Username checks out.
Kei probably asked to go back, also probably doesn't really want to talk about it because it would mean she has to confess wanting to be back with her family/brother, something a rebellious teen can't.
I'm anime only and it felt intimate.
What was that conversation, again?
None of the three saw post-Rio Hinata. Also, it's one thing to have something mentioned and another to see it in person in a match.
I'd *love* to see the other three in Pokémon Center though.
They barely have anything in common, imo she's just his fantasy. She's the cute and kind girl who was friendly to him despite his fame. In the Christmas arc it was clear that he barely knows or understands her as a person, at times they didn't even seem to be speaking the same language. While it's pretty clear he understands and respects Iino really well, even when other characters bash her for they see in her surface. And now we know they have shared nerdy interests. I think we'll get to a point where Tsubame accepts to give the relationship a try, but by that time Ishigami will have matured up and will realise his true feelings. Or maybe they DO date for a bit, but that won't last long. Tsubame will move on with a lesson learned as well either way.
Of course they will, doesn't mean it'll be quick.
We have two love triangles in the series. This gonna be good.
????? Qual o problema da igreja com eles?
That doesn't seem like 2m for me at all with his feet on the ground. But yeah, if they count his tail it'll surpass 2m.
She's still running after Chika.
I'm not sure if she cares about Ishigami, maybe she just wants Iino to move on.
Could you give me some closure too, please?
Are you sure she's watching Kaguya and Shirogane? She's usually watching Kashiwagi and her boyfriend (the students who ask the student council for romantic advice).
She's mostly a funny side character. And yeah Ishigami had an important arc, but his development is still not over.
Man this sub is getting so many lewd fanart after the second season began.
Porra sai de cima do monumento, tá botando mais peso ainda no rapaz.
Chika is faster to write.
&gt;!He may reject Tsubame himself if he gets over his current crush in time.!&lt;
It's not working, I think you can't have spaces between the ! and the text.
Thanks, I'll try it. Edit: It worked, thanks!
Ending with comedy is perfect for the series though.
As an Ishimiko loyalist, I did not like his answer lol.
Him? You mean her?
It's still funny all the way through.
I definitely think he's trolling us when he's being evasive with Ishimiko questions. He wants us to keep wondering.
And who is ever ready for a relationship? Might as well get into one as a learning experience.
I doubt she has one, a big point of her character is that she's hated and made fun of by everyone in her class. If she had a fan club then Ishigami wouldn't have to be the next only one secretly helping her. Unless she's magically liked now after the elections, but I'd rather have Aka not do this fanclub drama.
Huh, I never thought about this comparison but it really fits.
It's different. The manga is like the 2.0 version of the webcomic, where a lot of things get added on (usually fights), while the anime is a straight adaptation of the manga. Every adaptation needs to change the source material by default to, well, adapt the source for the new media.
Sugar Rush seems to be a Christmas skinline, so the timing wouldn't be right either. I didn't know about the 4 new skinlines this year, that's so good to hear. If we're getting 4 new ones this year, then we're due to getting another. It's already June and only Mecha Kingdoms got introduced so far, I'm actually betting on this one now and I'm excited. Out of the other ones mentioned, as long as it isn't Immortal Journey I'm happy. Not a big fan of Elderwood Zoe but it could work depending on how they do it. I'm hoping for Odyssey, personally.
I legit want that.
Relevant flair.
Turns out Marcus is actually the shy jungler.
Where are you from? ou Where do you come from?
And play the sensational mage on support.
Then it would be a useful red circle.
If I try to draw her it probably won't be cute at all...
I have no idea what she's supposed to be, I only know she's a magic space girl. Or a space magic girl.
Was he different in early designs?
Weird that Zoe doesn't have a special interaction with either Ezreal or Lux. I loved her interactions with other Champions though.
Hecarina, his long lost sister from before he became the whatever he is now.
Ahri is very different from Rengar though.
I don't think it fits Zoe as well as it fit Nami and Morgana. That skinline is very elegant and chill, and not that sparkly.
Summer is the best time for Winter Wonder skin!
That's a nice way of putting it.
I thought it was something Kaguya related I didn't remember lol.
Would it be a Voli skin or a Gragas skin?
I loved it, being crazy evil fits Zoe so well. Also being the main evil in one of the most popular skinlines is a pretty high honor imo, there's a good chance she'll keep being relevant in future releases unlike the kinds of SG Syndra and Lulu. I really want more skins in that direction, like Little Devil Zoe and High Noon. Let the cutesy skins for Elderwood, Battle Academia, Sugar Rush and the likes and alternate between the two.
It's not guaranteed, but would be really odd if it wasn't. It's a safe bet.
Don't know him. What about him?
They've been pretty consistent up to Lucian's with a release every other patch iirc. We had one Prestige skin every month alternating between an event skin and a PP skin two patches later. High Noon went to PBE when we assumed June's Prestige was going to be revealed, but at this point we're not getting one this month. We might get two Prestiges released in the same month this year (perhaps July).
Yeah, this doesn't have have any "oh shit" moment. He just seems to be coming in and out of different forms throughout the fight rather than being ressurected stronger everytime we assumed he was finished. I agree that some changes were for the better but It just seems like a rushed finished product.
Volume release is the cause for the redraw.
Do we know who are Go and Saburo from the second year? I'm very surprised at Osaragi's low rank too.
&gt;but the skin is said to be available in the client in the first half of 2020 Before covid...
It's a troll, don't mind him.
Shigaraki can just jump to her and there's nothing she can do.
Shigaraki: "Yeah, I'm sorry." Also I'm sure All Might is going to die, Deku needs to lose his umbilical cord.
Já é, você não deve ter noção do privilégio que é poder gastar dinheiro com PC (qualquer um) ou console. Por isso que aqui só jogamos jogos grátis e com baixas especificações.
He's all over that dish already.
All Pool Party skins have shared splashes don't they? It sells the idea they're people having fun together well.
I think QSS isn't as good because it only blocks CC in the beginning of the fight, while Darius is more of a finisher.
I really like the 'dumb' direction they're going for him. Not realising he's getting damaged as he just walks into the enemy team sounds hilarious and exactly what his gameplay feels like. As for the designs in the post, I really like the idea of him being into a strait-jacket like A walking into the enemy team and delivering headbutts despite carrying a weapon in his mouth. I also think that they can and should go for a tragic backstory. Let the goofyness be in his model, art and animation. "This looks funny but it's actually pretty sad" is a good lore direction to the character imo.
A Goth Zoe would be cool, and you have a good point with Goth Annie. But Ghost Bride Morgana is a blue ghost, it's entirely different visually from what Morticia Morgana would be.
Did they ever say it would be released before July though? They only said it would be revealed in June.
Oh no how could them?!
ITT: Entitlement. Seriously, this is ridiculous. People here are sounding like childs.
I don't even own Lissandra and even I was salty in their behalf, that icon was so bullshit lmao.
We already know it's going to be revealed this month though.
Annoucing she would have a Prestige was a mistake lmao. We'll never get another hint or preview another skin for her ever again after the shitshow of entitlement seen here. No one would cry if it was a surprise.
Gran Torino is 100% dead. I wonder what's going to happen to Aizawa. Losing his quirk would be the easiest answer as he's an easy answer to One for All, but it could be stolen or he could also die.
Aurelion Sol is a Chinese dragon so he would be perfect for that skinline.
I thought I didn't want this skinline, but I guess I do. That's really good!
I'm glad that they decided to announce her along the first batch instead of waiting half a year to know about the skin, but the outrage on the release on live being 8 days into July is crazy and honestly ridiculous.
I assumed the curved part would be on top, is this better for ventilation?
I love the white, I'm scared of it becoming stained and grimy with time like my Wii. Black consoles hold on better with time.
He's a good exemple of the ignorant right-wing.
You would hope.
I'm not homophonic, but...
Glassdoor debacle?
Less than Gwent? Damn. Is there any news on actual playbase? Probably not right? That's sad to see, the game is pretty polished and easy to get into.
I agree, that bit was strange. He either hasn't fall in love for her yet or already fell a bit back when he gave her the flower but moved on assuming she hated him. His reaction for her making the bonfire happen was just some "Yep, that's the Iino I know."
WHAT OH NO OH NO NO NO
She just saved Miko's ship by falling in love first.
Nah not yet, I'm sure Iino is going to be super awkward with Ishigami for some time.
It doesn't fit Osaragi, she isn't good at studying. I think she's the second lowest ranked named student after Ishigami. She's not that serious either, that's really Iino's thing.
And the body language...
Don't you know? She fell in love with Ishigami after the Sport festival, girls like fast boys.
Chika's younger sister in love with Shirogane, her older sister in love with Ishigami, and herself worried for her sisters because she knows better.
What scares me the most is that I can genuinely see a scenario where Osaragi is the endgame. She's the one who fell in love first and held that feeling since, but puts herself as a pariyah and dropped out of the fight from the get go. She's also the one in her shell, being stoic and almost never smiling as well as having her eyes hidden by the glasses. What if Ishigami breaks her out of that? Becoming pretty and happy like that first picture after a certain point. It would actually be pretty romantic, the one with the deepest feelings and that assumed she didn't have a chance winning. Anyway, it seems she's going to have a much bigger role in the story than I assumed. She's certainly going to be pivotal in this mess one way or another.
Damn the hate is strong in this one lmao.
It's not like it's bad writing, I just don't like it in the sense that this is throwing gasoline into a forest fire lol.
Iino &gt; Osaragi &gt; Tsubame in that order. I won't bet on anything at this point though, Aka is playing with us.
Isn't Valentine's day the next event in-universe? I wonder how is that going to go...
Could be foreshadowing that they're more similar than the first impression, but I think she just isn't very book smart and studious. Nothing ever gave the impression that she was, she only ever talks about geeky stuff, that was just our assumptions.
OT"P"
It's a videogame isekai that actually feels like a videogame. Players have skills, classes, party limits, guilds, raids, etc. It's also not edgy.
Hopefully with its climax by chapter 125, but I don't think so...
He should improve himself for himself, not for a girl in a pedestal. I wouldn't be mad, as long as he kept the changes he brought to himself and moves on.
You're right, he took the first step by himself when he joined the cheer club. There's been a clear change after the sports festival and the support he received from Kaguya and Shirogane to improve himself for her though, and that was motivated by the Tsubame quest.
She didn't start playing the game though.
Osaragi reveal is a firefighter helicopter throwing gasoline into what already was a forest fire. I wonder what sort of event would make the comment section reach 3k.
Kaguya's father announcing he decided to marry her off with Mikado to rebuild their relationship with the Shijos.
The solution is also quite simple, despite being hard. She's probably gonna cut her ties with her family and love as a normal girl, which was her wish anyway.
The attention to detail and the love put into this adaptation is amazing.
Most of the flair in the animation were added from the anime, the manga doesn't have that.
That game is something else. The most important game in videogame history imo.
What the hell is the source of that pic though? lol
[spoiler](/s "There's so much going on in the manga right now that I'd actually be mad if Aka made one of those in the middle of that, even if it is the funniest shit lol. But yeah, I don't think we'll get any training stuff in season 4.")
It's from that other manga "We want to talk about Kaguya-sama"
This art style is so adorable jesus
Kaguya is IshiBame and Tsubame is yet to decide what she feels, they wouldn't throw Ishigami to Iino. I'm guessing Tsubame will paint herself as the cheater. She losing her reputation wouldn't be that bad considering she's about to graduate anyway and it must be something Kaguya can't/wouldn't do herself.
Aka confirmed this.
Fixed it!
Done. What's the next stretch goal?
2 months in-universe, we won't get to that point by chapter 200...
I don't know where to find it, I think guya.moe translated it.
Yeah, I'm just hoping to not miss out on any of your art that didn't happen to get posted here haha
Eu não vi o sub e fiquei TÃO confuso com o título kkkkk
His ult is always amplified by people standing together, Infernum is just the one that scales the most. Against Aphelios don't ever stand that close together, period. It's not different to Orianna.
That's not how it works, there are not the triple the amount of deaths here than actually reported. And if you look at our death count compared to cases it's not far off.
We passed them in new cases a good while ago.
Mas só tem 8 caracteres.
We... followed you there.
I can't believe there was a relevant xkcd for this.
Or Jhin.
She even had dreams about Bam moving away from her after he started getting friends, how did you come to the conclusion that she doesn't care about him at all? It doesn't seem like she doesn't care about him. What it does seem to me is that she has VERY strong reasons to not climb the tower with him.
Oh shit, I assumed this was the last episode.
Saw Rachel's betrayal from a mile away, their moment together was too nice. Their conflict shouldn't be resolved that early. I'm genuinely surprised the lizard girl is alive though.
I still think it's guaranteed, but it's very far off.
This series isn't going that far though, she needs to make him fall for her this year.
I had the same impressions about Ishigami's feelings towards Iino. Osaragi cut off her feelings because she thought he liked Iino when she saw him caring for her. Much like her, Ishigami was always watching Iino but cut off his feelings because he assumed she hated him.
Isn't there a picture of Riot's office where we can see an updated Lulu model in one of the monitors? I assumed it was for Wild Rift but she doesn't seem to be in the Beta. Does anyone know where to find it? I remember it was really good.
I've seen him carrying the team a good amount of times now that Faker is falling behind. I'm surprised too, maybe I just don't know how to properly evaluate ADCs? He seemed so solid.
I wonder how many characters would pull that off well.
The games have become extremely lazy. They always deliver the least content possible.
That might actually happen because there's 0 chance Ishigami will believe her.
SKT Rick
There's a Project for Lucian and Ekko too.
No I'm not. Did you miss last Worlds?
He was carrying Fnatic on his back and was better than Faker when they met in a game, he was extremely solid player every match while the rest of Fnatic was really inconsistent. He definitely wasn't worse than Humanoid (lol) and all 3 Koreans, specially considering the Korean mids had better teammates and didn't go much farther than a bad Fnatic.
"By fucking Doinb"? You mean the World Champion? Nemesis was Fnatic's most consistent player, not Rekkles. Also kindly reminder that Fnatic played twice against SKT and RNG and Nemesis was more than up to the task despite the rest of the team. I don't know when or how the narrative changed, but everyone was impressed by his performance against those teams and agreed he was carrying Fnatic with Rekkles. I dislike him and he talked a lot of shit, but that shouldn't change the fact of his performances.
Because I don't remember if it was the editor or someone else.
Who is this character and why is she everywhere these days?
O que é o C em CRPG?
Eu nunca soube disso, só descobri quando minha gata deu cria e nasceram 3 filhotes tricolores e a veterinária me contou.
Você inverteu os nomes? Kkkk
[Spoiler](/s "But Prez wants both Ishigami and Iino to be happy, that's why he's been neutral so far but leaning on Iino's side. Kaguya doesn't care about Iino, just Ishigami.")
[Spoiler](/s "In that chapter where Osaragi and Shirogane created a "Ishigami &amp; Iino Friendship Plan" we have Iino complaining about how she objected against his suspension and lessens his wrongdoings in her reports to the Discipline Comitee. Maybe you're thinking about that?")
That's a pretty valuable lesson isn't it?
It was different. The Xs falling off on A Silent Voice was much more powerful than simply eyes being shown imo.
This is the kind of situation where we all agree with this, but we need to respect Ishigami's decision. Like what the Student Council did. I'd like her to know the truth but no one would step in Ishigami's foot in this situation.
I hope someone posts an album after the last episode, I don't know if I missed one.
Santos is one of the least popular football clubs though.
Found the one Santista on reddit lmao.
Pelé would be Mid. Robinho is the Jungler who insists on going Lee Sin.
9th, only above Atlético MG, Fluminense and Botafogo. They're the 4th in São Paulo alone. Also their fanbase is getting (relatively) smaller with time considering how high is its average age.
They're known internationally because of the amazing squad with Pelé in the 60s and also other young players like Neymar recently. As a traditional club though they have a very small fanbase when compared to the others.
If it was that uncomfortable for the dogs he would have a hard time having three dogs do it with no problems.
Shirogane's all over that dish already.
She probably ships Ishimiko because she's simpathizes with Iino.
Of course he won't, lol.
I'm gonna bet S3 will get to Top 10.
Battlecast is pretty dated bit the effects fit Vel'Koz, it's not that bad.
Relevant username.
Wait, where?
Since their plan seems to be that every Champions gets at least one skin every year, this does seems to be the case.
Shaco *is* edgy.
It's probably another universe, like Master Arcanist Ziggs.
You can't say Arcade never happened just because you don't like it lmao. What the hell is this logic.
Are they making you blow the candles on her wedding cake?
Looks pretty good to me, I'm certainly getting it.
I think it's the recall that makes them 1350.
Velkoz skin is copypasted from custom skins. Lazy stuff from riot.
I like them. Sorry if my enjoyment is slightly inconvenient for you.
You realise that's just your opinion, right? This is much better than Pool Party for me.
I'm sure some will get more than one skin this year too, so a bit more skinless Champs. But I'm mostly talking about their long term plan rather than this year.
What? People were nuts about him back in season 1. Forgot the 'our guy' memes?
I don't think the problem is cheeks or the wide face, but rather the space between the eyes. It needs a little work with the shadows to make it into the proper shape. Seems like an easy fix.
I never said or suggested it was the first time it ever happened or that the current government invented it. And the amarelinha *was* politics-free in the time period we were talking about. You should have just added "Not the first time it happens" or something similar to the conversation instead of starting a pointless argument.
Live. This is assuming the event will hit PBE in the 8th of July (when Zoe goes live).
They did change sounds I think. And animations only change in Legendaries.
I like to put items on Lucian that I'll give to Ekko later. Like Deathcap, Ludens or Blue Buff.
What's bratty sis? Bang Bus is Rebel Blademaster right?
Doesn't Yasuo also self-peel?
The hair is bright yellow in the normal skin already.
Eu faria isso também...
Prestige Zoe is actually one of the very few skins where I like the Prestige version better than the regular one. The clothes, the coloring and the hair are all better on the Prestige (imo, of course). I'm glad they included a bit of red in the skin instead of being pure white and gold, makes it still look very mage-like. The only thing I miss is the cool blue potion on E, but I'm fine with what we got.
Infernal is probably going to be released a week later. Arcane skins hit PBE first after all.
Definitely agree on the Neeko one, I didn't mind missing that one at all. I think adding a little bit of red on her Prestige design was a great touch. It looks Prestige while also looking like a Mage.
What I'm saying is that Arcane and Infernal would be released in different weeks in that patch cycle.
What? He's been underperforming pretty noticeably. Caps was the one smurfing until this game and Jankos has been consistent after he stopped trying Lee Sin.
Jesuz
Specially G2, since they beat both Rogue and Mad Lions.
I think G2 and Fnatic are much worse, specially when comparing the level they were at last worlds. It feels like whoever gets to Worlds this year will have no chance to contest the title unlike last time.
It's funny how out of these two games, it's the first one that's between the top 2 teams and getting me hyped the most. The other one will just be Nemesis getting Clapped.
Imagine how much Naughty Ahri would sell.
We would burf snow with his W.
Actual worst 3\* Champion in TFT :(
G2 in Spring wasn't that strong in the first stage either though. G2 2019 -&gt; G2 2020 would fit better, unfortunately...
Good shout, but at least he'll get you a lot of value and be sold at full value. Zoe 3\* is just barely better than 2\* :P
[Movie spoiler](/s "A guy falling in love with a loli robot and a robot who for some reason has feelings falling in love with literally the first and only human she ever met might just be the worst romantic plot I ever seen. I really regretted my time wasted on that movie, I'm surprised the opinion on that seems to be overall positive among people here.")
They weren't performing as well as the previous year though. They were pretty shaky with Caps and Perkz swapping positions. Teams were much worse though so no one was able to punish them, and the few good teams would make them bring their A game. This split seems like they're getting surprised by the increased quality of the low/mid tier teams. They brought their A game for Mad Lions but their shaky performances is being punished more often.
Sorry, tagged it.
Knock on some wood please.
Wouldn't be surprised if she gave them some tbh.
You should do yourself a favor and watch it. The VAs are amazing.
Honestly? They should take their time with S3.
I'm assuming AoT will be AotY. It's a runner up who should be proud though, like Ishigami.
Does it? I only noticed Kaguya's palm on cheek in Daddy Daddy Do.
Yeah, they're much more rare than in normal SR games. And even if you do find one, there's always the excuse that you never played that Champion. You can also ask for some advice on how to use some skill and often people will help (if they're able to type, like at the beginning of the game).
Maybe it's because of the break? The first 3 episodes looked sick.
Looks very forced to me, like he was waiting for the touch in order to turn and scream. That's not just me, right?
Digimon gets a pass because it's more about kids going on adventures than teen and adult escapism like the current trend.
This one never left Beta.
This is going to be Aphelios' fate too.
You'd need to counter her with Garrosh.
What did they change about those two?
