Rockets by exactly 9 tonight
Eric Gordon beating this boys like they chapped his hide.
Hi, everyone. How are you all doing this fine evening?
Banished Wes to the shadow realm then dared him to try him. Looked like Mewtwo staring down Ash in Pokemon the first movie.
CAINT SEE UP IN MY WINDOW
Ya'll look so different
You think Bennett could start over PJ Tucker?
Literally an Anthony Bennett burner
All I'm gonna say is Harden averaged 33 points, 12 assists, 8 rebounds, and almost 3 steals a game last week and won just as many games.
HE JUST SUCKED THE GRAVITY RIGHT OUTTA THE BUILDING
They're bullying Nene cause he's old :(
WPM (Whistles per minute) has skyrocketed in the last 3 minutes.
Capela in the House
Towns is just in foul trouble and got a T not all due to Capela. Capela is outplaying him though.
Except maybe Dwight Howard
That's a bad call.
22 on 6*
Yeah he should do that next Wolves game.
We are ice fucking cold. Put your beers in this game.
He wasn't even an all-star last year.
2018-19 Houston Rockets
CP3s contract had no bearing on keeping Ariza. Even if we paid CP3 a minimum we still would have no money to re-sign Ariza at that price.
Well the point is the Rockets didn't think Ariza was worth it.
No I'm saying CP3s contract had nothing to do with Ariza's. We could have given both a 5 year max. Signing CP3 to his contract had no affect on signing Ariza. The Rockets didn't think Ariza was worth it is all it comes down to.
Seriously. When we signed him a few years ago people said the Rockets were fools for 'overpaying' Ariza and letting Parsons walk. Now he's prime Jordan.
Looks like Chris Paul fits that description.
Wow ok
Ghost and Tommy will be against each other, briefly team up in the middle of the season to stop the police/cartels on their tracks once and for all with an untrustworthy alliance, ends with the last couple of episodes Ghost killing Tommy
Meanwhile MCW kicking up his feet.
Carmelo is beside himself, driving around downtown NBA benches, begging (thru bricked shots) someone to give him a starting spot
When you gotta go you gotta go
Why does Detroit do this?
And now that we're getting posterized, you have the *nerve* to ask for his help
I wish Chris Paul had iron hamstrings.
Damn he just laid them to rest. He's never playing in Cleveland again.
Give us Lonzo then
Ryan Anderson when he was here.
Rockets by 12 tonight.
James Hitler Harden massacred France tonight.
Are we ignoring a grown adult man throwing a massive hissy fit because he got his feelings hurt?
The Jazz have been our biggest rival since the 90s
Welcome to the 18-19 Rockets!
Pretty much
If I had the choice, no California team, no Atlantic division team, no Mavs, no OKC, no Spurs, no Jazz.
From what I understand, the Rockets plan on waiving him as soon as a team tells them they'll claim him off waivers so the Rockets don't have to be on the books for his minimum contract. Basically, owner broke. Tilman can't afford anything. It would all be okay if more Rockets fans ate at Landrys restaurants, went to Golden Nugget casinos, and spent summer at Pleasure Pier. But we didn't.
What's the difference if we're over the cap anyway? We gave him a 4 year contract while we're over the cap already. We'd be over the cap if you took his contract magically off the books. So the only difference is how much Tilman pays in luxury tax.
After re-signing Capela, yeah.
Jesus himself could walk through that door and he won't help us.
This is a great shitpost. pasta material even.
His name is literally on the award.
He fucking snoozed me.
RuN iT bAcK
Getting off Knight's contract and moving unhappy Gordon for a great PF is a no brainer for me even if I'm not entirely sold on Love on our roster.
Full Zion mode boys. League fucked next year.
Anyone that criticizes the CP3 contract lets me know immediately they have no understanding of the Rockets cap situation. Even if we signed him to a vet minimum for 5 years, we would still be over the cap the next several years. The amount he's paid means literally nothing, as Harden/Capela/ alone take up almost all of our cap for the next 3-5 years as it is.
We're still over the cap. That 10-15 mil is just lighter on Tilman's checkbook. We'd lose a draft pick and have to deal with JR Smith so Tilman can save a few mil.
Ron Baker contract taker
LeBron. Lakers will finish with a better record than the Bucks, by the way.
Hakeem in Toronto.
LEAGUE FUCKED. RAPTORS ON SUICIDE WATCH
Technically, they didn't. Seattle still owns the Supersonics name/history.
This thread is going to be a huge saltfest soon.
CP3 against LeBron, for sure.
Lakers are literally winless against the Rockets this year.
I want Cardi B to sit on my face as she drinks Mountain Dew Ice.
Imagine spending $60+ every year on 2K
Harden just runs right by any defender the Lakers have.
Alright I've seen enough of Knight
A lot like how the Lakers defend the opposing team.
Rockets aren't even playing well
A world class defender.
If anything goes Harden's way r/NBA immediately bitches about it.
The same because he bricks every free throw
shelbycoppedge on Instagram
Imagine actually believing this
They'd only get beard. Harden would get 12 free throws.
Someone needs to buy LeBron some nail clippers for Christmas man. It's been years, enough is enough.
House the best player on the floor rn
Webber says everything is a good call lmao
LeBeardYou3
What's wrong with Stromile Swift??
Yes I'm here for the protest
Quite literally an MVP.
It's a classic.
Dirk sinking a bucket used to be business, now it's cause for celebration.
They should try not fouling before resorting to violence. But then again this is the same fan base that worships a rapist.
Playing pickup is not like playing any organized basketball at all, much less the NBA.
You gonna sit there and act like you call offensive 3 seconds, goaltending, and backcourt violations in a pickup game? Most of the people on this sub probably never played any real organized basketball in their life so it makes sense.
He was just trying to teach the Lakers how to shoot them.
Why is Portland the third seed?
Imagine letting the Wizards front office handle a trade for you.
For Knight? Sure. They want a PG right
I don't think the Suns made a trade with the Wizards to 'show the Lakers what's what', but rather they liked Rivers/Oubre deal more than KCP.
Yeah, no liar's dice.
What why
Meanwhile MCW is bricking open layups at an empty practice court right now wearing Rockets gear.
I don't know, Bullard said a few mins ago he respects the Jazz and he's on *VERY* thin ice with me now.
FAKED by the Man in the High Castle.
Yeah he played the character Michael Jordan.
Gobert sent to the shadow realm.
Is there anything more adorable than angry CP3 angrily dribbling a ball in a temper tantrum?
Yeah but they called CP3 for the same foul on the other end a few plays before that with the same scenario of the defender falling back before contact.
Would you prefer he go throw everything off the announcer's table instead?
Sorry guys. but I just can't handle Harden having all these 40+ games this year and sinking dong on opposing teams in the clutch anymore. It's just ruining basketball.
Another day, another sidebar pic of James, damn.
In the 2017 playoffs I remember OKC had to bench Kanter because Harden was destroying him on the PnR.
Because James Harden's only ability is drawing fouls lol.
So you're saying Harden doesn't drive it into the paint and take a ton of contact?
I'm going to bed.
No way. Someone will definitely give Dwight another chance.
Blessed be us all on Lord Threeza's return to his once and forever home. May he find happiness in his new once and current home, but not too much of it tonight.
Harden must be getting some good pussy lately. He's been tearing shit up.
That CP3 pass literally made me soft moan.
I just realized I will never give Ariza a hug while we both celebrate a Rockets championship
Everything has been done. There's only so many ways to do a dunk. Now it's all about how short you are, what old school jersey you wear, or what you jump over.
Can only say this twice a year, but I always love a little Paul Wall action.
GG (Gerald Green) Wiz
Dam wyd
Will Goku and Vegeta stop Broly from getting revenge? Find out next time on DRAGON BALL Z
I really need MCW to get the 3 point record for us for the memes.
BIGGEST SHOT OF MCW CAREER
Trevor Ariza. Miss u bby
MCW is an NBA record-breaker btw
Green Shake
Harden just had an 8 second violation.
"Give it to the big man, let him dominate."
I'ma need someone to teach the Rockets about defensive rebounding during halftime.
Even if Cp3 is out at least I get to watch James Harden hang dong on teams all year.
wow so brave
This team doesn't deserve Harden tbh.
Fuck me
GIVE THIS MAN SOME FREE THROWS STAT
Literally every player on every team does.
I'm going to bed.
Neat
He deserves 10 more fta per game for this.
Yeah, currently evacuating rn.
Any beef with Tupac could have been ended by challenging him to a game of shooty hoops.
I don't remember anyone saying LeBron was going to the Pelicans.
Capela, Tucker, 4 unprotected first round picks.
Hitler openly parading in Miami, Florida.
Jeremy Lin went to Harvard.
I'm very biased.
Hey bud if it's toxic for you step away for a while and just enjoy the game without all the salty people on this sub dragging you down.
Word was the Rockets were waiting for a team to tell them they'll claim him off waivers so they can release him without taking the cap hit.
I guess the thinking is someone might claim Melo since he's on a minimum deal anyway. The other guys haven't been.
The real crime was thinking it's a good lyric.
Easily.
No way Orlando does that.
Ultra Instinct.
Fucking RIP. I've seen this movie before. Warriors by 15+
WARRIORS ON SUICIDE WATCH
He isn't top 5.. Because he's top 3.
He got Brandon Ingram a pocket pussy or dildo.. At least that's immediately what my mind thinks whenever someone says they got a gift for someone else but can't talk about it.
CP3 easily.
CP3 fits best with my favorite team, so... CP3.
Heil Harden
A respectful dinner and walk on the beach afterward at a time of her choosing?
Chuck always gets shit on in segments like this.
Damn that boy Clint gonna be feasting tonight if this keeps up.
Harden is quite literally the best post-defending guard in the NBA.
Harden must be getting some amazing pussy the past few weeks. I hope she keeps it up.
HERE COMES. AUSTIN RIVERS
Holy fuck
That right there was a bearding quarter.
They want a point guard, not a point god.
Three soft ass techs are you fucking kidding???
HERE COMES AUSTIN RIVERS
Those brown Celtics jerseys are actually nice.
Just MVP things
Kyrie is so fucking good. One of my favorite players to watch.
B2B MVP
Harden is fucking unreal
I got downvoted every time I said this on r/NBA the last few times. The same people that said "No one would take that contract" are the same ones who downvote when I said we wouldn't get better by trading him.
I only like them when they play Utah and Dallas.
If Duke talking crazy he'll do it to a cartridge full of shots, find his body in a river down in Austin won't matter if his father is a Doc.
Only the best timeline.
Just run to the basket lol
I was under the impression I was the only real poster here and everyone else is KD.
Le$ Alexander is still thankful for that. Legend.
Lmao
Harden is America's MVP.
H-Tine hol' it dine
Give me the jersey leaks.
Chris Paul is better than both.
That copy machine made it to the finals in his rookie year and stayed with the same team its entire career. Show some damn respect.
OKC blocks their number and never speaks to the Bucks again
Friendly reminder that Rudy T was a 5 time all-star with career averages of 17, 8, and 2 in an 11 year career and in a 22 year coaching career was a two-time champion, all-star head coach, and an Olympic bronze and gold medalist, but is not in the hall of fame.
They're invited out to my place for a bbq provided they bring a side.
Scottie Pippin JR tight rn
Sorry but I can't let someone steal the team from my city's best friend just because people want the Sonics back.
Board Man Gets Paid is honestly a badass nickname.
Rockets legend. Sonned CP3 a couple times in 2015.
Power move by Mike, Dan, and Tony there.
No chance
Dwight Howard is on the H-Town sign there so they've been working on this game a while or used old imagery. Not a big deal, just interesting.
Wizards
He's a free agent
We had some deals lined up that we thought we could get done. Some teams changed their minds last minute. We think the players we signed for the minimum are steals at that price and will contribute. We're gonna run it back again. We're very confident this team can get it done and we'll address needs in the buyout market in March. I can already hear Morey saying this, again.
Nothing we'd get for him would make us better. No way we trade him. Even if we dumped him and took nothing in return, it would only give us about 15mil in cap space.
I've been eliminated by Steph Curry probably dozens of times the last few years in the playoffs. Did it one more time this year and we both got nostalgic.
Brooklyn has done really well the last couple of years. Knicks fans must be in shambles.
I wouldn't trade Harden for the Pelicans entire roster including AD and Zion
Those Westbrook shoes are the ugliest thing I've ever seen
He won a championship with the Vipers in the G league
My house for the cookout provided they bring a side
No disrespect to the Raptors, happy for them, but this is weak.
Well my dad works for Nintendo and he told me Pokemon is coming to Xbox
Good to see Utah there.
A good percentage of people always want us to lose even when we play the Warriors.
Everyone here is a KD burner except you
And she won't be back on the show next year. You hate to see it
When did everyone stop hating us?
A man of culture.
They don't have anything to trade for him.
If we trade CP3 for nothing we will only have about 15 mil in cap space.
Fucking toasted damn.
He wouldn't have got along with Kobe.
LeBron, KD, Harden, Curry, Kawhi, and Giannis are all certainly better than Davis.
Dirtiest part is the Beto sticker. I don't trust anyone who eats dirt and writes about running down children with his car.
How is this badmouthing LeBron?
He didn't play defense and got mad when he was told Gary Clark would be getting more of his minutes because he did play defense. Then they cut him.
I imagine AD sitting on a beach somewhere right now, shades on, lounging back, eating flavors of Ruffles no one else has seen.
He should let misinformation continue being spread that makes CP3/Harden/Morey look bad?
So, lose one of the best point guards in the NBA and one of the better young centers for an average bench player and a couple of draft picks in the high 20s? For some reason, I think I'll pass.
Never had a losing season, never tanked, has gotten all-star level players more often than most teams, or at least interest from all-star level players in free agency
Why would CP3 care about his trade value?
Average day for a woman in the Mavs offices.
Amico could say "The Reddit user screwt is a Rockets fan" and I wouldn't believe him.
Rockets legend
He was drafted first overall on this day in 1984, too.
Wouldn't have any picks to worry about. I'll just chill, eat flaming hot cheeto fries, drink dr. pepper, and watch the draft. Maybe someone calls me about a trade... Normal day in the life of Morey.
Lmao this is dumb as hell. Harden would have security escort CP3 out of his building.
Neither. Philly asked the Rockets for permission to interview Morey last year and they gave permission but Morey declined to talk to them. Meanwhile, Morey, Tilman, and Mike, Dan, and Tony are still in contract talks.
You vs the guy she tells you not to worry about.
It's honestly hell not being able to eat instant Ramen anymore.
No the fuck it doesn't
Low sodium diet.
Only if you say 'skrt skrt' when you do it
Sign me up.
We need a "Shitty Trade Idea Megathread" until the season starts.
Thank you based Tilman. You've danced your way back into my heart
It's just a hat, who cares
Rockets legend
Gerald Green. If he misses it well that's just the way it has to be.
Most of his life is a vacation. He can still take calls while lounging on some exotic island.
Damn that's fresh as fuck
Picture being at a Rockets game. It's the mid-late 90s. Hakeem Olajuwon is a superstar. You're about 7 years old. The announcers introduce the road team and the crowd boos. Suddenly, the arena goes dark.. "What? What's happening? Why are the lights out?" Then it happens. Fireworks, people cheering loudly, making the floor vibrate. It runs through your bones. The jumbotron turns on with a countdown. "10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1..." More fireworks. A rocket lifts off from the bottom of the jumbotron and smoke fills the court, more fireworks as it makes its way to the top.. The only thing louder than the cheers is [this song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-i7DSmKyOSk) "AAAAAAAAANNNNDDDDDD NOW, YOUR HOUSTON ROCKEETTTTTSSSSS" All it took for me.
He was considered probably the biggest choker in the NBA for a while until 2011, then it became LeBron for a year.
I don't think Harden is even going to be there. I think he's still in China, but I could be wrong.
Leaving the virgin beta high taxes LA for the Alpha Chad Mardi Gras Nawlins'. Definite upgrade.
You mean Thunder legend Kevin Martin?
Literally who
Portland offered the Rockets the second pick and Clyde Drexler for Ralph Sampson. Rockets considered taking it and drafting Hakeem/MJ to go with Clyde, but ultimately decided Hakeem/Sampson twin towers would be better.
Ujiri robbed
He has a brother and sister.
MVP is now meaningless pretty much. By the time we find out who it is no one cares.
What a legend
I've read that Butler is one of Harden's best friends in the league along with Tucker and has been recruiting him for years.
I don't know but it was probably Melo
Why is everyone surprised at this?
"Believed"
"could"
Any GOAT list that doesn't have Gerald Green at the top is immediately and irrevocably eradicated.
Just a feeling. Butler has spent time in Houston this summer (granted he's from the area) and worked out with Harden several times. They've also been talking a lot. Harden has been recruiting him for years. I know it's a long shot but Morey and the Rockets front office is much smarter than me. If they think they can get it done I believe it.
First Nurse now this.
Like what?
There was no 'real' CP3-Harden beef, just frustration after losing and some guy who has no connections to the Rockets spinning it and running with it. MDA is not on a lame-duck contract. He has one year left and extension talks stalled. If the Rockets wanted him gone he'd be fired. Tilman didn't want to pay the repeater tax right away. They dipped under luxury tax this year giving them 3 years before they have to pay repeater tax. The Rockets trying hard for Butler that would put them at the apron shows Tilman does not mind spending money.
Talents stolen during the all star game. Also, were these pictures taken with an ipod?
You hate to see it
Rockets legend Shaun Livingston.
He's a meme. He never called anything.
He said that when Melo was trying to force a trade here before opening up to OKC. Word was he used to be some booster for Houston colleges so he has connections to Houston sports teams but I doubt he gets info directly from them.
If they win, "LeBron carried." If they lose, "LeBron has no help."
GG. He can't leave now.
Delete this and save yourself further shame
Because the Rockets are full of nonsense
When I think of 23 I think of Calvin Murphy.
Harden and PG would be the best duo of the four.
It wouldn't be tampering if the Celtics called up Kemba's agent and said "We're prepared to offer your client the 4 year max."
Contacting the agent is not contacting the player.
Wouldn't it be much easier to use a team with cap space as leverage?
Harden, Westbrook and KD were just fetuses back then damn.. Perkins look the same though.
Most of the Rockets players back then were strung out on cocaine. We had Sampson but he was a rookie.
Yeah. John Lucas was out first. (He works with the Rockets now as basically a big brother. Keeps the players in line with drugs/alcohol.). Lewis Lloyd and Mitchell Wiggins (Yes, that Wiggins) soon got banned after for cocaine use.
Hate to see it
You mean a 25 year old who's a top 5-10 center in the league locked up on a long-term, less than max contract? Gee, I dunno.
Na dude no one shit talks my team's best player.
Hard no from the Rockets.
Rockets have more first rounders, Gordon is better than Richardson, and Miami is in their conference. Philly would probably much prefer to trade with us, assuming Butler chooses us.
2nd round exit at best
List of things holdin it down in this photo: H-Town
This is an absolutely terrible trade for the Rockets.
If you're thinking of switching teams, much less to a rival team, then you were never really a fan to begin with.
I thought Adidas bought Reebok?
Just guys being dudes. Just hoopers being MVPs
As the newly blonde Kyle Kuzma went to the free throw line, a guy in the crowd shouted "WILL THE REAL SLIM SHADY PLEASE STAND UP." Lakers bench started cracking up. Kuz smiled. Kevin Love yelled out, “There you go! There you go.” Sharpshooter Kyle Korver gave a look of pleasant surprise. Guard J.R. Smith yelled out, “We got an [expletive] squad now.” And before James hit the locker room door, former NBA great Kevin Garnett hugged him and said, “Y’all look so different.”
Rockets legend
James is unreal.
Imagine this game, but Westbrook making his open dunks/layups.
Double daggerd
HEADBAND MAN BAD
Why does everyone want us to lose? I feel like I'm in a Rockets game thread.
Former Cavs legend LeBron James hugged him and said "You can't win without me!"
That's that 'when you at work but your girl is being freaky on text' look. I know it well.
Definitely ain't believing Ghost is dead until we see the body bagged up. Happy to see Dre finally go after all of his plot armor throughout the show.. Rotimi did a really good job of portraying him, though.
Not only no but also no
James Harden has an ego?
The Knickstons
[Nobody mentioning the GOAT big man clutch play](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x3-64I6zp7k)
Tilman "it's not about the money" Fertitta
Thabo has a guaranteed contract
AHHH ahhh I LOVE IT
Shout out to the Dmo vs TJones. Turns out, neither.
Melo was one of my favorite players back in his Nuggets/Knicks days.. But let's be real. He never accomplished anything noteworthy. His name is really nowhere in history books other than NCAA champion and his Olympic career. No major awards, not even a first team all-NBA. I don't think he's even in the Nuggets/Knicks franchise leader in any stat, though I could be wrong. Does he have any significant career-defining moment that really stands out and makes him a legend?
MLB doesn't have a salary cap
"Trevor Ariza calls James Harden a scoring.. anomaly."
"There you go! There you go.” Sharpshooter Cedi Osman gave a look of pleasant surprise. Guard Collin Sexton yelled out, “We got an [expletive] trade now.” And before Love hit the locker room door, former Cavs great LeBron James hugged him and said, “You (bleeping) need me. You can’t win without me!"
It's been five days since our last game. Now we play 3 games in 4 days. Amazing scheduling, NBA. It's also Vince's last game against the Rockets. That gives me the big sad.
Hawks commentators gonna be mad as hell again
Donatas Motiejunas
Very true
Westbrook definitely gonna be feeling a type of way tonight.
At the time they were thinking "Zion at Madison Square Garden"
That's not enough to even get me to answer the phone on an offer for Harden.
Draymond
That's a horrible idea lol
18 easily.
You love to see it
Westbrook will be an all-star.
Honestly if Tommy comes out alive at the end of this show that'd be cool.
Most loved- Harden I don't think there's any really player I hate. Maybe recently Beverley because he's constantly acting like he's shutting someone down while fouling out and getting lit up.
Where can I get that jacket though
On second thought, I'm good
Whoever has the smallest contracts.
I got some knockoff JustDon of the white shorts that says 'Houston' across them for $60 last year. Same exact material and everything.
I'd rather we run operations without a head coach
Folks just be forgetting about legendary Houston franchise that is the Roughnecks.
Texans owner ain't firing BOB, that's the prollem
In 1992, Hakeem demanded a trade from the Rockets. They had talks with Miami and the Lakers.. Miami offered Ron Seikaly, but the Rockets wanted them to add Glen Rice or Steve Smith to the trade. Miami said no. Lakers offer was James Worthy, Elden Campbell, Vlade Divac, and a 1st round pick for Hakeem and Sleepy Floyd. The Clippers and Sonics were also in talks with Houston for Hakeem.
Visible disgust
Harden really got robbed of an all NBA award in 2016.
Does Ja have all of their points? Man is hoopin
House never wants to shoot anymore.
Thought it was one of the nephews that he argues with on twitter
The fifth biggest riser, and the 5th most comments overall, at least from the 22 teams listed here.. Of the top 5 flairs with most comments, ours had the biggest jump, too.
I think she means the Lakers-Clippers rivalry specifically.
Harden makes him money, he won't trade him. He'll just fire Morey, hire a 'yes man' that does what he says, let Harden carry the team to 45-50ish wins for a couple years before he wants out, then he'll just overpay some young potential all-star player.. After that, he'll let his yes man GM work for a while before firing him, then he'll make his son the GM and start shelling out the cash to try and win so his son looks good.
House and Rivers have been a yikes for a few weeks now. They both fell off a cliff.
At this point, I'm surprised when Westbrook makes open layups.
Give them rest instead of playing only 8 guys every game while you have fresh legs sitting on the bench who can use the burn. Guys are exhausted.
Something has to change with this team. We're a 3 point shooting team that can't shoot. An NBA team that doesn't play defense. One of the weakest benches among 'good' teams One of the worst coaches currently. (Not entirely his fault because why should he care when it's obvious he's out after this season) We can't expect Harden to score 50-60 points every night to save our ass.
I feel bad for PJ because he's being asked to play heavy minutes every single game at 34 years old and be the entire anchor of the defense.
Are the Wolves doing this out of the kindness in their hearts?
Jazz are the biggest. Mavs would be second.
Can't wait to see what draft picks we give up to lower our payroll! Thanks Tilman!
List of things holdin' it down tonight: H-Town
I've seen enough from this team.. I'll still watch because I'm a Rockets fan, but I no longer expect anything other than a early playoff exit.
The subtitles on Starz read "let it go"
Tons of Californians move out here.
I seen someone commented on his IG "Hope this means Tommy makes it to Book 2" and he replied saying "That would be news to me." So he at least won't be in that show, to start anyway. Maybe they plan on bringing him in at a later point in the show (if it lasts) or that really was his character's sendoff.
Fuck T-Mac.
I'm the same as you in terms of playing more for fun/story rather than a challenge, and I've mostly breezed through the game to be honest. It took a little time to get used to the controls but I just started the Android saga and the only challenge I've had so far was fighting Vegeta at the end of the Saiyan saga. Any other fight never took more than one or two tries.
Harden been booty ever since it came out he was dating that absolute dime who isn't an IG thot for a change.
This definitely isn't the 2018 team.
No, Harden initially told the Rockets to get Westbrook and keep CP3. Morey tried to swing that but there was just no trade where we could move Capela/Tucker/EG to make it work where all teams involved were satisfied. Morey told Harden that it wasn't possible unless we trade CP3. Harden did say he wanted it done still, but he didn't want them to trade CP3 just to do it. Morey then told Tilman that it couldn't get done. He didn't think it was a good trade for the Rockets, especially with the draft picks involved. Tilman mentioned in a recent interview that he told 'his basketball ops guys' that "Yes. We are doing the trade. Because I said so."
Damn give this man a week off we ain't winning anyway
Harden had a 60 point triple double a couple years ago.. Or do you just mean 61 points, 7 assists, 10 rebounds exactly?
This is just supposed to show how far the three major characters go back and and make you think on what became of all of them, and not a tease for a potential prequel right?
Honesty if the Rockets are on some BS again tonight I'm tuning into Zion at 8:30PM CST only on ESPN.
No, Rockets-Nuggets was going to be initially.
Why the fuck does Hartenstein never get minutes?
I think he's just checked out. He knows he's probably out after this season no matter what happens.
I think it's more likely the movies will be DLC. Cooler, Broly, Bojack, possibly Lord Slug and/or Beerus?
I watched Ja slice and dice the Rockets up for an entire game last week.
Rockets legend Hasheem Thabeet.
Is this a joke?
Have the coaches and others even voted yet? There's no way Westbrook or Kyrie are starting the game. Probably just placeholders they had from earlier this season on players they expected to make the ASG.
Wow just some casual racism.
We either win or we lose this game. Depending on which team scores more points.
Rockets never gonna top our throwback jerseys.
The Rivers game
Where's the Sonics hype?
Westbrook has been jogging by RoCo all night.
Tilman told this to other team's owners at that.. Not sure if they mention that in the podcast.
No Z-Ro? NBA players have shit taste
Don't remember the source, I read that back a few months ago
Some nephews and blog boys are acting like CP3 is putting up 25 ppg with 12 assists and carrying the Thunder on his back.
Not really needed for the point I was making. I'm not saying he's having a bad season or anything. But he isn't some rejuvenated superstar carrying a team solo. He's the same player he's always been that everyone was shitting on calling him washed up and the worst contract in the league because he's had injuries.
Holy shit I've never cried over a celebrity death before now.
This game is going to be weird as fuck
Westbrook doing it today. I don't know what, but he doing it
Harden is out today
Rockets feed is showing the game if anyone doesn't know.
I'm watching the Rockets broadcast on my TV sorry fam
Rockets have to miss the most dunks/layups in NBA history this year.
Hartenstein will still not get any playing time.
Why does he have to say anything?
Can go ahead and throw up a post-game thread.
That's the way shit go sometimes.
That's not fair. They have Mitchell.
Very important to note he said this as a kid, not even a year or two after Tupac died at that.
Andrei Kirilenko would never let this happen.
Looks like the Jazz figured out they can take it to the paint every time.
Jazz entire organization in shambles tonight
THANK YOU BASED GOD
No
My favorite was when he said "I want to apologize to Jazz fans. If I knew you guys had internet, I would have never made those tweets."
Michael Redd super underrated.
The alpha chad Eric Gordon vs the beta virgin poorland failblazers
Definitely Jerry. He's torn up bad.
Fuckin Wilt
Rockets will rue the day they waived him.
Wow. Rude. Ok.
I'm just gonna keep my opinion to myself on this one.
"LeBron, can you speak on what it was like to have Kobe as a father figure?"
It wasn't his helicopter.
Utah fouls us more than anyone.. Then their fans constantly bitch about us getting free throws while their team is flopping around like fishes on every play.
Feel really bad for anyone who's waiting for the last episode and didn't watch the leaks. Joke of an ending.
I just can not imagine the pain of losing a child, much less your partner, on the same day.. The grief she and her daughters must be in is something I hope I never have to experience.
I need H-Tine to hol it dine tonight.
Boylen looks like chubby bald old Michael Scott
I feel some real tension in this game. These guys are wanting to beat each other and talk shit while doing it.
Mamba mentality would be to go to the Knicks locker room and take a shower while staring them directly in the eye.
Westbrook bout to play like 44 minutes dying while the rest of the team just chillin'
Bro let me suit up jesus I'll at least not run away from the open lane.
I agree with you 100%. I was being sarcastic my bad. Rockets just don't seem to have an interest in a legit PF.
Westbrook could get rock bottomed followed by the people's elbow from the Rock in the middle of the court and the refs would just chill.
I'm overreacting and very upset that he's been the only good and consistent player on our roster right now.
To save money. We have a shit owner.
Are you. Kidding. Me? -Reggie Miller, every year
He was listed as doubtful this morning and suddenly was playing. No idea why he's out there.
I say I'm alright. But deep down.. I be missing that 2018 squad.
Every damn year we hear the same bullshit. "Thought we had a deal lined up, but just fell through at the end.. We feel good with the team we have, we'll look at available players on the buyout market."
Mike, Dan, and Tony are awful coaches and I'm glad their contract is up after this season.
Big if true
Just say you're resting him against weak competition.. We all know who they're playing tomorrow.
No. There is no trade we can make that can overcome bad coaching, bad team fit, and a cheap owner.
Giannis
Giannis, not close, etc
Shout out to anyone who said Westbrook isn't an all-star.
The only major category Booker is better in is he averages 1 more point a game while Westbrook gets 4 more rebounds, 1 more assist, and 1 more steal with 9 more wins in the same amount of minutes.
Bad joke, but here's a good one. Your team isn't good no matter where Booker is.
So is 9 more wins.
That's terrible though.
People are just hating. Westbrook is putting up better stats than either Booker or CP3, has more wins than both, and is more popular than both. It's not even a question Westbrook is in over both of them.
Westbrook averages 26 points, 8 rebs, 7 assists, and 2 steals Booker averages 27 points, 4 rebs, 6 assists, and 1 steal CP3 averages 17 points, 5 rebs, 7 assists, and 2 steals Westbrook has better stats than both, that is not a false statement. I'm no Westbrook stan either, I hated him before he became a Rocket.
Curry and Klay will likely be back next year plus who knows what player movement/breakout might happen. West is so stacked, particularly at guard.
Ok...
Damn this makes my $8.24 donation look insignificant.
What is this based on? Westbrook has better stats and more wins. CP3 snubbed Booker if you don't care about wins. Westbrook has better stats and reputation than both.
Westbrook didn't win the fan vote. He got in on coaches vote.
Westbrook gets more rebounds, more assists, more steals, only one less point, and more wins. Just because Booker shoots the ball better doesn't make him a better player. Also reputation is huge and Westbrook is a proven winner and MVP while Booker has no idea what a playoff game even is.
Being a first round exit is still the playoffs. Westbrook has only shot less than 10 three pointers the entire month, and just because Booker shooters better doesn't mean he should be in over Westbrook. Go ahead and take Booker over Westbrook, I'll take the winner.
Yeah probably. A whole bad month is hard to recover from no matter how good the rest of the season.
Really need H-Tine to hol it dine tonight.
First, I want to thank Hakeem Olajuwon, Tim Duncan, and Dirk Nowitzki for making this possible. I also want to thank General Sam Houston, because without you there would be no Texas. Finally, I want to thank myself, for doing absolutely nothing to help any of them do this.
Maybe but now LeBron will have the 'doing it for Kobe' narrative and Giannis has been great all season non-stop. Not to mention both of their teams are much better than the Rockets as of now anyway.
Very cool
Not that it's any of my business, but what does the Lakers and Clippers schedules look like?
KFC is for convicts and runaways. Popeyes is the go to fast food chicken place.
I forgot about this lol. "Chris do not hang up. Don't hang up. Do not hang up. Chris, do not hang up." Ignored him the whole time. Webber the TNT god.
Imagine the 1 seed picking a team to face and then losing. You'd love to see it.
TIL there's a difference between Disney World and Disney Land, and that California has one.
No like some corporation donating money to a charity in order for them to promote Harden shaving his beard.
Please. Just give me some basketball.
He left to be in Miami along with playing with his buddies Wade and Bosh. He was never staying there.
I think a different team got the Flash.
His sons played in college.
I haven't seen him do it in like 5 years so I didn't count it.
Thibs was our main assistant early in the Yao/T-Mac days, so there is history. However, I don't want him as head coach, although he does get his teams to play defense. I just don't think he's the answer for the current Rockets.
That soundbite is the bane of my entire existence.
James Harden's first game as a Rocket against the Pistons. 37 points, 12 assists, 6 rebounds, 4 steals, 1 block. Had only been with the team two days. I knew immediately he was the future for the Rockets. He just owned the game.
Never again? Tripping
Would have gotten my vote simply because it includes Jazz fans.
Only the racist ones
That's fair
Westbrook, CP3, Lowry, Simmons
Kerr could field Curry, Klay, KD, Draymond, and Cousins.
Probably the same
I thought he said "If ya'll wanna go, I support that decision" ? *Thinking emoji*
Damn I want one that sounds cool as hell
Look who's quotes are constantly getting posted and talked about here the last couple of days.
Where the fuck is Gerald Green?
A failure.
James Harden, smiling in the distance.
I think it was from like 2013.
Did Chris Webber bust a nut on live television?
Well, except for that one time in Detroit.
I think he'd be a good player and fit off the bench, but I don't think they'll go after him.
Let's just say this is true for a moment. Do the Warriors fire Kerr for Kidd to get Giannis?
Recently, Ty Lawson
Did Morey know he was injured? wtf lmao
Hartenstein was garbage whenever he got minutes for the most part. Never understood the love he got from Rockets fans.
[Shaq is featured on Z-Ro's new album if anyone is interested](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OJj_m0TC6jc)
The legend
Covington is a better player for the Rockets than Love.
GOD GAMER
Wow, that poor multi-multi-billion dollar company. Has no one considered how hard this will hit their wallets?
Legend has it LeBron has never recovered.
