Movie ending worked for a movie. Graphic novel ending worked for a graphic novel. No need to boo, just enjoy the different types of media... The movie could have been so profoundly worse.
&gt; It was the worst No it wasn't. You are a bad fan. Comments like this are why directors and screenplay writers avoid reading online comments about their work.
Who said you're not allowed to be silly? I just don't recommend it. I'm not your parent. You're not just "disliking it". You said it was the worst. You are silly.
I make YouTube videos, mostly 3D games programming for kids. I strongly recommend: * You greatly lower the quantity and/or length of your videos. Unless this is a full time job, I don't think any human being is capable of producing a compelling 75 minute math video once a week. * Are you a university lecturer? Or maybe you want to be? A lot of lecturers hold the illusion that people want to listen to them ramble for hours and hours. That's a long video every week. No human being is packed with that much insight without hard work, planning, and experience. * Start small. Don't be a perfectionist. * Get an excellent mic. Sound quality is the number one most important thing (I am assuming there's lots of talk planned). Additionally, noise reduction in audacity can be nice. Good luck! Make a high quality short video on your favourite topic and see how it goes.
Well, it's a summary. If you especially like a paper he talks about I think the idea is to read it.
My impression: * The writers of the letter want to turn public opinion against wage increases. * The heirs wanted to cut paid breaks and this was good timing to do it.
I'm really sorry to hear that. People emerge from the darkest corners of humanity for liquidation sales. I know this is a bad time, but as much as possible, try to enjoy the novelty of working at a huge department store that is closing. This is a unique experience that not a lot of people get to see from the inside. Even bad experiences can still be unique and interesting.
&gt; Like, do you feel better about yourself because you just treated that person like shit? Yes, some people do.
It sounds to me like you haven't worked much in the service industry or retail. &gt;How do you resist the temptation of not just laughing or calling people names to their faces? Also, sounds like you haven't ever needed a minimum wage job so you can eat decently that week. I don't think you're going to get your answers here with a comment. Maybe you need to watch some documentaries (sorry I'm not sure which to recommend) or try out one of these jobs yourself for 6 months.
Thank you for taking the time to write this savage reply to calgarydude1115. I wouldn't dare dream of writing a better one.
&gt;I worked for 5 years in an industry which is a complete and total meritocracy. One where my customer service was so vital that if I didn't sell, I didn't get paid. Period. No income at all unless I sold, and took shit from customers on a daily basis as a result of their ignorance. That is not service industry or retail, that is sales. Do you think Sears employees get significant commission? Hah. So thanks for proving my point I guess. You certainly do not understand how dark that industry can get. &gt;I'd say this woman has extraordinarily little to lose if she's pushed over the edge verbally by abusive consumers. Not everyone gets catharsis by mouthing off. I bet you do. Sounds to me like she's a nice lady and didn't know how abusive the last week could be. You sound like the kind of person who thinks kids that grow up hungry in school with abusive parents just need to "work hard" and they'll be fine. Have you heard of "class mobility"? Do you understand what it means when a country like Canada is only mediocre on that? It means Canada is not a pure meritocracy. Class mobility is a measure of how fair we are, and we are not totally fair. You sound like an asshole who sells nice cars and have no idea how impossible it is for our poorest citizens to do the same. Take a tour of Nunavik and talk to some kids there. You sound incredibly ignorant.
You know what? I bet we underestimate how good emergency room nurses must be in visceral fights to the death.
Assuming our goal is improving class mobility, what alternative do you prefer? I hope for large scale UBI trials.
&gt; your two solutions To be clear, I don't think minimum wage is a good solution. &gt;You can't lift everyone out of poverty for free Not sure who you think is proposing that UBI is free. Like safe injection sites, I think UBI may be an investment that costs money, but saves us money long term. &gt;Subsidies for low wage single parent households. Why single? This sounds really arbitrary. I wouldn't be surprised if it were applied unevenly, unfairly, or was an unstable subsidy households cannot rely on longterm.
Thanks. Not sure this clears anything up though... if this was a travelling salesman going on commission, why didn't he accept my order for fish? I genuinely wanted to order fish regularly.
&gt;it was by no means a foregone conclusion that New York would become the greatest city on earth. What is their criteria for that..?
Nailed it. There's definitely two sides to a freakout. I figure one measure of how nice someone is, is the ratio between how much crap they take in, and how much crap they give out. If someone is having an absolutely horrible month, with deaths and drama and struggle, they can give out lots of crap (relative to normal) and still have a good ratio.
**Submission statement** An overview of the recent processor bugs, what they mean, the history of open source chips, and how they might be a viable new direction. Certainly, in the 90s people would have laughed (and did) when people claimed open source would take over web servers.
Aha! That's why I ask /r/chess. Do you remember needing a refresher on king move distance in castling or something? Or which pieces you can promote to?
&gt; Not really something that can be easily solved. Depends what you mean by easily. As a systems problem, it can easily be solved. Politically it's very hard. All you need to do is tie public funding to force publishing in journals that require at least 50% of their studies to be reproduced research. A research lab that publishes in a journal that doesn't do this doesn't get public funding. But now we're talking about money and politics, not research.
This comment transcends the quality I typically see on reddit.
&gt; many people will read this article and conclude psychology, as a science, is flawed. They should. All science is flawed. It's the best we have though. I think maybe you mean "they conclude psychology is worthless" which is no good, if that's what they get out of this study.
I have far higher accomplishments in programming and machine learning than the weak chess AI I made to help teach a high school computer science class. :P I can certainly see how you'd think that, though.
&gt;isn't the best sub Tough call. Here I'll get the interest and personal anecdotes. In a psychology subreddit I might get lucky with someone dropping a study, but the thread is likely to be buried I think.
That was the weak AI I made to teach a high school class, not my rating.
To be fair to underscorepry, if you have no experience with AI or programming even 1000 can seem incredible and unattainable. Even minmax with a terrible evaluation function seems unreasonably effective to me. Computers really are incredible when you know the right tools and methods. The AI was weak because I kept it as simple as possible to teach a high school class CS.
Indeed! 5000 games and ELO 1000 would certainly be... odd.
Well [this is me](http://www.stuartspence.ca). I am (was) indeed a teacher. I also taught things like the darknet and 3D games programming in the classes. It is one of the greatest challenges of my life trying to convince adults that children can do things on computers that adults would never dream of doing themselves. The truth is that most adults are totally digitally illiterate. I feel like I'm in a world where adults are proud that they don't know the alphabet. There are plenty of coding concepts I have taught to 12 year olds that 99.9% of adults don't know. For the class I made a chess framework. The students only wrote their own evaluation function. I explained minmax (but left out pruning) so that they'd understand what their evaluation function was used for. Making a bad chess AI could be an assignment in the last year of a computer science undergrad. Most of the work actually isn't AI, it's the framework (enumerating all possible moves). So it depends whether you think undergraduate students are doing something impressive or not.
Exactly my take on things. On several levels things were not accurately explained to me upfront.
You would see the light if your eye crossed one of those paths. The paths don't lead directly to the singularity.
&gt; Giving your secrets out is a decent way to let a foreign competitor cut costs and bump you out of the market. The idea with Linux is that open source development can move forward too quickly for any foreign competitor to take it over. If a private company forks Linux and starts developing it in their own direction, their technology will very quickly be left behind. So your thinking here may be correct in some cases but it's not necessarily always the way.
Indeed.
I'm having a bit of trouble understanding what it is you've done here. Someone else generated your seed phrase and private key... and you were surprised you lost your funds? I'm really confused. Why would you ever agree to those terms? You can generate your own keys offline with open source tools. Is there ever some reason not to do that..? Really sorry for your loss but if I understand this story correctly... my response is "no shit". People will never stop scamming you if you don't control you keys. It sounds like at some point, a random ebay seller had physical access to your seed phrase. Is that correct?
Either way. Why would you use a seed phrase that anyone else ever knew? A scratch off ticket seems like hoax security. Obviously it was known in order to be printed. I mean come on. Am I missing something..? A scratch off ticket seed phrase seems like something for children. Using an exchange (not as storage but for exchange) is one thing. But thinking you own your coins when someone else has your keys is just plain silly.
Well if you have a team of two people, a systems designer and a politician, the systems designer would say this is a very easy problem to solve. For that one person, it is easy. They've done their job. Not sure I'm interested in exploring this any further with you...
Nothing beats snark, a strawman, and a reduction to absurdity all wrapped up into one. This is a good indication that we won't be able to talk about the subtleties of this idea, though.
&gt;something far more compelling than "I believe society would benefit" You are an endless stream of strawmen! Keep them coming.
&gt;No need to be mean. Sure let's just let them do it again. There is certainly a need to be straightforward about this. It looks like the OP was an absolutely clueless newbie and at the time of my writing, nobody here had the decency to tell them. How would you have explained this to the OP without being mean? "I think you've made the most basic mistake with your cryptocurrency, under no circumstances should you ever have expected a shred of security. You do not understand literally the first thing about crypto." If you think I was being snarky, the OP's mistake was so baffling to me that I really wasn't sure I understood the situation correctly.
Feel free to answer my question instead of accusing me I'm being judgy.
To further sell this idea to OP, a tutorial about the easy half is a great way to promote a paid asset.
It epitomises planning around politics instead of science and engineering, doesn't it?
&gt; Casualties from exposure Yes, I'm sure that someone comfortable enough to shave with their shirt off and be photographed is about to die of exposure. Have some perspective here. Just because tons of soldiers died from cold doesn't mean they were at risk of this in Hawaii.
It's just really tiring hearing about how "frigid cold" it is in this photo, from people who have lived in Florida their whole lives.
So people are losing their toes and dying... and we have a guy comfortable enough to take his shirt off and be photographed? Something is not adding up.
It's just really tiring hearing about how "frigid cold" it is in this photo, from people who have lived in Florida their whole lives.
This is a good war photo. But I'm not willing to pretend he has just witnessed his friends lose their toes and die from record cold. I think that's disrespectful to the people that did.
Yes but it's [so fun to do that](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/20527133-superintelligence).
I hope you get a real answer, but I imagine that in order to call yourself a Canadian bank you are not allowed to blacklist specific businesses. This seems like withholding a Canadian's money, and there are rules for doing that.
I make YouTube videos, mostly 3D games programming for kids. I recommend: * Start small. Don't be a perfectionist. * Get an excellent mic. Sound quality is the number one most important thing. Additionally, noise reduction in audacity can be nice. * Before making a video, in your head define your audience for that video. What is the required knowledge? * In the first 5 seconds of video, say what the video is about, and say if the audience should already know something to understand the video. * Don't save video ideas for later. Make your best most favourite video idea now. * The most successful channels have a regular upload schedule, like once a week. Even if you have many videos, you should spread out uploading them. Good luck! Make a high quality short video on your favourite topic and see how it goes.
/u/Godofyawn may have written a funny comment, but it's also a good point. One of Octodad's biggest feats is some kind of stealth or psychic powers over anyone who sees him. So Octodad can do all of the feats you listed, meanwhile everyone that sees him do those things still thinks he's human.
Maybe you just need to really see him for it to work. Like a photograph of Medusa not turning you to stone.
Interesting theory worthy of an essay, but no. Movies are not grand representations of a Jungian collective unconscious. Instead, just a handful of people were responsible for that story - the writers, director, maybe a few others. The plot and themes of this movie, or any movie, don't come from the thoughts of millions of people. They come from a handful of people. It is random and we got lucky with this movie. The only way to get insight into that is watching interviews with the original creators, not hypothesising about society at large. So fun theory, fun to talk about, but I think it's totally head-in-the-clouds thinking. I'm sure there are tons of bad movies made at this time which have themes of inevitable apocalypses, which we are not talking about because they were bad.
&gt; you deserve whatever's coming to you People without the benefits of a decent education (usually poor people) do not deserve bodily harm or getting ripped off. For 135$ they could buy a ton of fruits and vegetables for their family, but instead they trust Gwyneth because they don't know any better.
There's no gene for being poor and uneducated. Don't dismiss predatory businesses because you've been brainwashed to think ignorant people deserve it.
There is no gene for being poor and uneducated.
I like what Keto Chow did. They added "Canadian instructions" where you are instructed not to mix with cream, but with maple syrup. So &lt;30% calories comes from fat now. Hilarious! In Canada you can drink a "meal replacement" with more sugar than pop. In Canada you cannot drink a "meal replacement" with great nutrition, fibre, and vitamins, but &gt;30% calories from fat. This very transparently supports the corn industry, where corn products are present in something like 90% of grocery store items. Reminds me of the food guide in the 90s when I was in school - it was like 80% bread and milk or something.
&gt; but the vulnerable look at her and think that she looks amazing and must be doing something right. Indeed. So many people in this thread seem to think only idiots fall for this and they deserve it. The truth is that her business is predatory and she's taking advantage of vulnerable people who don't have the education or cognitive skills to protect themselves from this harm.
So are the bad movies from that year with inevitable apocalypses. If you want insight on where the themes of this movie came from, watch interviews. Preferably at the time, and not retrospective interviews years later.
That's good. Do you recommend any interviews in particular on this subject, that took place around when the movie came out?
Can't tell if you need to hear this, but no, there's no genes for that either.
I see. Did you know that poor people spend far more on lottery tickets than everyone else? Similarly, I'm sure tons of poor people dump more than 135$ a year in lottery tickets. Seems very similar. Buying false hope.
&gt; gives the person hope they will win **health** and that can revolutionize their life.
You worked for a bank in a poor area and you met people that wanted money. I'm shocked.
Ah yes, Libertarians. Blissfully unaware how fortunate they are with their upbringing and education. Fuck everyone who is a moron due to circumstance. In Canada we protect vulnerable people. We don't throw them to the wolves because they're stupid. Maybe one day scepticism and scientific thinking will be taught in all schools, but that day is not today.
&gt; I’m saying that Goop’s customers aren’t poor. Consider this - that's certainly how Goop is marketed. Buy Goop and you will be rich, beautiful, and successful just like Gwyneth.
&gt; Exactly how much education do you need before jamming coffee up your ass at high speed seems like a bad idea? Enough to make you at least somewhat trust the scientific method, listen to medical doctors, not listen to arguments from authority, and not believe in magic cures. So, more education than is typical in public schools. If your parents are drug addicts or you dropped out of school at grade 7 to help feed your siblings you might be out of luck. Not everyone in Canada has the time, equipment, or reading skills to laugh about this on reddit.
&gt; To believe in this new age hippy shit you need to be willfully ignorant, not undereducated. I highly recommend looking into sceptical communities, especially the [Skeptics Guide to the Universe](https://www.theskepticsguide.org/) podcast. Your understanding of [why people believe weird things](https://michaelshermer.com/weird-things/) is just so completely wrong.
Nah. "Willfully ignorant" is ironically a really ignorant thing to say when it comes to the psychology of belief. Feel free not to investigate this at all though and remain "willfully ignorant". ;)
&gt; I'm going to need some sources If I provided one, you wouldn't take a look. My evidence: I just did and you didn't. &gt;The psychology of belief? What are you on about? That's the field of study that we've been talking about. Stop being so defensive and read a book.
Notably, the limiting factor now isn't technology, it's keeping it human scale. If we shrunk it more people wouldn't be able to manipulate it.
&gt; Minimum wage - union dues &lt; Minimum wage If economics was this simple we'd have stopped studying and debating it millennia ago.
I work in education technology. The teaching profession is profoundly inefficient. So there's a lot more to it than your simplistic binary choice. When teachers are part time, last-minute hires, and desperate, how does that impact the efficiency of their profession? If education economics were this simple we'd have stopped researching and debating it millennia ago.
&gt;I'm simply making the observation that all else held the same You're assuming here that unionisation will have no changes on the rest of the system. Of course it will. This is really simplistic.
I feel like you've blindfolded me and handed me a shotgun. What do you want me to shoot? I have no idea what you're looking for here, or what your point really is beyond "education costs will increase". I'm not going to randomly discuss economics topics and hope it's what you're looking for.
I recommend Montreal.
Always? Inevitable? You need to stop leaning towards extremes. It is negatively impacting your enthusiasm.
&gt;not been even a little bit helpful in the wedding-planning process Don't expect anyone but you and your partner to plan your wedding, it's unfair and unreasonable. In the spirit of this subreddit, this will prevent you from being an asshole. It's great if others help even the slightest bit. But expecting it is unfair. You're also setting yourself up to be disappointed in others when they don't owe you that. Planning a wedding is a job, it's huge and people have lives.
I think you may enjoy [this book](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/22816087-seveneves). To response to your prompt, we would not survive on Earth for long no matter how much time we have to prepare. If this emergency resulted in some world utopia alliance for 50/100 years, I think that we could take a good crack at building an intergenerational ship to go to a nearby star. It would also need some capacity to mine asteroids. We may also need to mine asteroids to gather enough materials in orbit. The ship/fleet likely wouldn't survive the whole journey to a neighbouring star, but at least there'd be some chance. The biggest concern would be energy and propulsion. Too slow and you need to store more energy.
&gt;duties specific to the maid of honor You're right that this is customary. However, I think it's weird to assign "duties" to your friends that they have to "complete" like you're a project manager. I'm sorry your MoH flipped out and it doesn't sound like it was your fault. But again, don't expect anyone but you and your partner to plan your wedding (or events surrounding it). I'd consider these things gifts from your friends, not duties they are obligated to fulfil. Again, the "duty" seems to be tradition but I think it sets up many brides and grooms to be assholes.
If Microsoft puts developer hours into git, they can steer its development and the feasibility of new features. Suppose they start developing features for git that allow live code collaboration through cloud platforms. It just so happens that the Microsoft cloud is a great platform for this kind of feature and protocol. Sure, there are other platforms at first. Over time this collaboration protocol becomes really bloated and difficult to handle serverside, and now only Microsoft can do it with their closed source serverside code. Maybe next the "enhanced git" requires downloading a binary blob for licensing of DRM streams. Does that make sense? My spiel would come off as total nutcase conspiracy theory stuff if this business practice weren't so firmly confirmed in this organisation. Could you explain how GPL interrupts the EEE strategy?
&gt; the GPL would keep source code libre/free, which is what EEE tries to stop. EEE isn't a way of absorbing IP. It's a means to stop adoption of open technologies. So an EEE victory isn't a legal matter, it's a matter of adoption. Note how offices and universities still use Microsoft Word when 99.99% of users wouldn't be able to name a single feature that it has that LibreOffice does not. Microsoft doesn't need to own LibreOffice because they own the default word processor. I'm not saying this is definitely happening here with git. But I am saying our reaction to massive Microsoft contributions shouldn't be a childlike "yipee!".
I studied education technology and this is also an interest of mine. There are at least two ways that unaccredited degrees are worthwhile: * The courses get you to work on projects and build a portfolio. At the end you can say you finished an online degree, but you'll also be able to demonstrate that you have experience building those projects. * Personal interest. If the degree is accredited from a traditional college it likely holds essentially the same weight. You need to check with employers for your industry however. If they want a certain degree and it's offered accredited online, that's fine. If an unaccredited online course is expensive (more than a couple hundred dollars), you are being scammed.
Yes, but you'd have to have access to the source code of the system and change that.
Indeed. It's a human problem. The solution is training, not software.
That is good and bad. It makes it easier for people to change their minds if they themselves forget they ever had that opinion. The capacity to nail them to the wall may prevent them from changing their minds.
You are a child.
&gt; As a culture we need to put a greater emphasis on critical thinking I consider myself a sceptic and when I saw the initial headlines, I thought it was more likely the story was true than fabricated. I don't think this was a failure of critical thinking, just a small story that went huge. The next time a hijab wearing girl claims she is attacked I will feel the same way - more likely to be true than fabricated.
Make fun all you want, but tribalism is a very real problem, especially on reddit.
If this interests you I recommend The Blank Slate. It covers a lot, intelligence is one of them.
&gt;referring to the same group of people No we weren't. I was specifically pointing out that blaming Trump supporters for universal human biases is totally unfair. When comments go on rants about "those people" they are not talking about universal traits of humanity, they're going on a rant about some specific group. Otherwise they'd say "people".
Actually the title of the book is a clever trap. Most of the time Pinker argues there is no blank slate. In interviews he gets to find out if people know even the first thing about his book. Sometimes he is criticised naively, as people think he is arguing the opposite of the basic premise of his book :P I didn't say intelligence is not heritable. I said there are greater factors. I think those numbers are a bit too high - one of my references for this is that book. Note how many twin studies do not examine the full spectrum of wealth inequality in the world.
Okay. That is one study. As I recall, the book I cited has hundreds of references and directly criticises studies like the one you included. I recommend the book.
Why there isn't 8 lanes I do not know.
Just trying to give constructive criticism. Your comment was a mess. However I can see you're too defensive about this to ever change.
What a marvellous retirement you have described.
Well, pre-mixed is a matter of convenience. So if OP is considering third party shipping with irregular pricing and delivery then... My bias here is I'd like Hol Food to succeed which gives my orders more stability.
&gt; genetic lottery Typically genetic lottery describes beautiful people or people that live to 110 and smoke. People unfairly plagued with serious health disorders are said to have lost the genetic lottery.
If that were true I wouldn't have disclosed my bias.
ublock origin, for anyone on desktop.
&gt;I can only see healthcare costs rising in the future I know it sounds totally crazy now, but in a few decades the US may have a sensible health care system aligned with other developed nations. That's a long time. I wouldn't bank on it, but just saying.
&gt; atheist friendly I've only ever heard of religious people being uncomfortable with playing god. As an atheist I love god games - there can even be some dark humor about mysticism and religion tied into it.
Definitely that last one.
I discovered long ago this subreddit is mostly for people who have never had a labour intensive job.
&gt;I would much rather create the curriculum Note that this is not typically the job of an instructional designer. I just gave my internship presentation today (like a thesis defence but less strenuous) for my master's in instructional design. My professor agreed with me that the ID field is not what it used to be, and is being replaced with almost-minimum-wage unqualified contract IDs. I recommend you find a few job postings you'd like to apply for, for organisations you'd like to work for, and then build a portfolio and resume that meets those needs. If you build a decent portfolio with technical projects, you may already be in a good position to apply with your teaching experience. In my opinion, all aspiring IDs should [tackle the basics of web development](https://www.freecodecamp.org/): HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and some backend language like PHP or Python. If you put together a proper website with these components you will be more technically qualified than 97% of ID applicants. Every good job offer I've ever had is more from my portfolio than my degrees. However I'm currently interviewing for a government job that values my MA.
Hey. I got a BA in English literature in 2011 and will graduate with an MA in education technology very soon (both Concordia). I've created and therefore moderate a few tiny subreddits. Nothing with any notable scale, controversy, or spam however. I agree with the values you've outlined here and could probably help with handling bad posts, as I have checked reddit nearly every day for several years (I don't like the sound of that). I'm also a full stack web developer though honestly I'm not sure I'm interested in doing any CSS work here. I'm not the type to go to Reggies, but I gave [this free workshop](https://www.reddit.com/r/Concordia/comments/7dw8ka/concordia_workshop_web_programming_for_people/) at Concordia in December which was attended by a handful of people. I plan on giving another this month or the next.
Well, if you ask a school board or a teacher, curriculum means the topics and competencies covered. So as an ID you do not decide on the curriculum, you are handed it by your team and take part in the process of creating materials for it. Of course, if a team is smaller or less formal then an ID takes on other roles. But if you want to make curriculum and content decisions I wouldn't recommend a focus on ID. The degree may get you into school boards to make those decisions, but that's not ID work specifically.
My personal experience is contracts with public universities and a public high school. However my professor spoke of the the ID field generally. He has been in the industry for maybe 30 years so he's comparing it to that. I've also seen the job descriptions for many dozens of corporate internships for ID when looking for placements. Unfortunately, a lot of ID jobs involve creating powerpoint-like slides with authoring tools. Often, you could print the materials you make and they'd lose no instructional value. When the bar is that low and the sponsor just wants to finish a project traditionally in a few months so they keep their job, hiring low skilled workers makes a lot of sense.
&gt; I am a contractor with 10 years of experience, no formal education in this field, making almost 6 figures. I'm sure you're good at it now, and I'm glad to hear you're making good money. Well paying ID jobs certainly still exist. However consider that your lack of training actually makes you a perfect example of what I'm talking about. When you started, you were one of the untrained IDs flooding the market. You didn't start at 6 figures. Don't misunderstand me however - I think ID degrees are usually worthless rubber stamps anyway, because they rarely teach basic technical skills. They mostly teach how to click buttons using the proprietary software of the day because actual hands-on technical training is too expensive. &gt;I would recommend a Lynda.com subscription. Watch some videos, download some free trials and start developing content. Good luck! Not sure if you were talking to me or the OP, but I definitely do not intend on working in this field. I disagree too strongly with the accepted pedagogy and technical choices of this field.
&gt; "By your team" - who does this consist of if not other IDs? What role would you focus on? Not sure what you mean by "would I focus on". Me personally? I don't want a job in the ID field. Or do you mean for this discussion?
Well if they want to design curriculum in a public institution, study education and education policy. Their background in teaching is already a huge help. If they want to make decisions for a business on what is taught and how, they need to be an executive at that business in charge of HR or training. For example: say you're at a business and they've been using a certain tool to develop training materials for ten years, and their focus is on a certain style of pedagogy. You were hired as an ID and disagree strongly with both. You don't get to change the tools and curriculum used by a company by joining as an ID. You need a position in management. A smaller company will allow this because the ID will take on many roles.
Can you think of some example then? What materials do IDs typically develop that when printed lose their instructional value? Excluding videos. I argue there are none (emphasis on typically). &gt;I think you're very focused on the method of delivery I think the opposite is true. It's the traditional ID field that's focused on the "printable" method of delivery. IDs almost exclusively develop materials and pedagogy that is easily printed. The video you provided is an excellent example of this, especially since you didn't think it was.
Indeed. My typical example here is peer-to-peer grading, since: * Research says it's very effective and motivating. There is tremendous value in having a student grade another student. * It's supremely difficult bringing this into many traditional ID authoring tools. They aren't designed to handle this because the experience is not printable. * It's fairly easy developing this on the open web. I say this as a developer, but also just have a look at weekend hackathon website projects. Example: A teacher/instructor has 50 students. She writes 20 short answer questions for them. Instead of having to grade 1000 questions, the students grade each other. After a student submits an answer to question 1, they get three other answers from other students. The student grades those three student answers. At the end of it all, the teacher downloads a spreadsheet with grades. I have other peer-to-peer ideas too but this one makes the best point. When I talked about this kind of stuff with my professors and in my courses, I felt like a heretic alien troublemaker.
Yes, it is. The internet is also very good at delivering textbooks. This is a good thing. However we probably agree that if all the internet could do is deliver reading materials, it would not be celebrated as it is today.
&gt; but obviously that can be contracted out as well. Funny, the union for the school (actually, 24 colleges in Ontario) went on a record long strike in the fall. One of the (less talked about) union demands was barring work from out of province. Back to work legislation was tabled because the money did not exist. I agree that schools will pivot to online instruction... however they are going to experience severe growing pains because they've been using low pay contractors.
&gt; You also seem to assume that many new IDs aren’t picking up those tech skills, but many of the outspoken ones are. I think you'd agree with me if we aligned our definitions of "tech skills". Knowing how to use the most popular authoring tools and edit videos is not what I consider tech skills (in this context). Consider that all websites use HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Almost all graduates of my program (and I don't think this was an exception) hardly even know what those things are, let alone have ever worked with them. We are car designers who don't know what an engine is. IDs are not web developers, but they should all know the basics that I have taught to 12 year olds. The MA is in "education technology". In this subreddit I just call it ID because the name is regional, and that's what it really was. In my report I recommended the school rename the program to "corporate training" because "education technology" is misleading. So I feel I was a bit misled - lots of courses on simulations, education games, and cybernetics were never offered in the two years I attended. Thanks for the advice. However I so deeply disagree with the technology and pedagogy of traditional ID that I have no desire to work in this field. I'm not having trouble finding work or anything though, so don't worry about me :P Just trying to give the OP a different perspective.
How so?
How is that not a "proper" redirect? I understand it is not an HTTP redirect.
Thanks for the clear explanation.
Thanks for providing research, which is always a valuable addition. However I'm not claiming printable materials are necessarily bad. Also, digitising paper materials and even putting textbooks online can be really valuable. I'm just pointing out that the entire field of ID is obsessed with only ever making materials that can be printed. This is worth thinking about - maybe asking ourselves why this is. When asked for a counter example, why did the mod of this subreddit give an example that is actually very easily printed? Finally, lets think about all the types of instruction we are missing out on.
In theory. However: * Binary blobs. * Obfuscation. Especially with inserting flaws in the mathematical foundations of complex systems. Still, OS can be far more secure than proprietary systems owned by businesses who have an interest in not being transparent about how vulnerable their software is.
That's right. I just wanted to let you know that you won't decide much on the curriculum or content you produce materials for. Seemed like you may have been wondering about that too. You'll have some difficulty choosing the tools and approaches to use, however IDs definitely create learning materials for businesses, often with suites of authoring tools.
It would be far more wasteful if they always shipped in perfectly shaped boxes, no? This looks to me like their algorithm has chosen to use a less useful box.
You're probably being too generous to Motor-City. 99% of the time, when people say "99%" they made up the statistic.
Online, yes, it is hard to tell how serious people are when they whip out numbers. Personally I prefer words like "almost everyone" instead of over-used arbitrary numbers.
&gt; Presently most welfare programs in most western countries distribute less money than they cost to administrate. While I suspect this is true, do you have a source?
Depends how you do the calculation. If you only calculate administrative salaries, it would certainly be less than 50%. If you start to think creatively, it can get a lot higher.
&gt; And none of us took the easy way out of recieving a wellfare check. Imagine for a moment a random person who is on welfare. Would you want to switch lives with them? That is: * Have their health. * Education. * Mental health. * Debt / no assets. * Resume, work history. * Certifications (or lack of). * Scars, visible wear on their skin. * Teeth. * Their worn hands. No, you wouldn't. Think about that. If it's so easy why do you dread switching into their life? Being on welfare is not "the easy way out". Welfare is not an easy life. You're being cruel and ignorant implying people need to "stop taking the easy way out".
I'm sure it's kept secret because "it's all very delicate and clumsy people might break something".
Keep asking questions like this! My level... uh. I'm in a hiring pool.
I know this is a humor subreddit but I always have to say it. I have no idea why people put up with so much bullshit from Microsoft/Apple. Their OSes are designed to do things you don't want them to do. I am extremely happy using Ubuntu on my devices. I know this is a joke and everything but I would find crap this like absolutely intolerable. I see a comic like this maybe every month on reddit and every time I just shake my head.
&gt; The problem is Ubuntu requires more from the user No, but it requires things from the user people are not used to doing. If you can imagine a world where Ubuntu is standard and Windows is the weirdo, people would be running into issues on Windows with updates, registry, licenses, viruses, broken installs, and BSODs and fixing them would "require more from the user". The problem is that people accept comics like this as just one of the problems of life and there's no other way. It's not seen as a problem with Windows, but a problem with computers in general.
What's maybe scarier is they don't even know.
&gt; I've been chained to them for too long &gt;My next computer will be an Apple. Well, this is a humor subreddit I guess.
You don't need a law, you just need to only put software on your computer that does what you want.
&gt; another reason to never install windows 10 What's your plan in 5 years, or 10 years? You need to upgrade at some point to this bullshit, or you need to move to another OS.
&gt;And it is possible to disable automatic updates. If you read a little more in this thread, you'll see that it is not. Windows is not designed to do what you want it to do.
What's your plan in 5 years, or 10 years? You need to upgrade at some point to this bullshit, or you need to move to another OS.
Not all software is built with a multi-million dollar budget to keep you fuzzy and warm. A lot of it is specialised. Assuming the computer will not randomly shut itself down with no warning is otherwise a totally fair assumption. There are also some tools where a full save takes a long time, or a process that must not be interrupted that takes hours. It's nice if your usage habits could be performed by a computer from 1993 but not everyone is like that.
&gt; and have yet to have a virus run rampant on my PC. You can't claim you don't have viruses when you might have them and not know. If you have not updated in five years, you definitely have viruses. Sometimes just opening a PDF or DOCX can do it. Or running Flash on a website. If you really have not updated in five years, I could craft a PDF to send you that will totally compromise your computer.
&gt; if you buy Unfortunately, often buying a computer will include a mandatory "Microsoft tax" that buys a Windows license. I agree with "use" the bullshit OS though.
&gt; play old / obscure games that probably don't have linux support. Funny, a 16 bit Windows game I loved growing up only runs on Linux now.
I just did this myself and will keep doing it. However I think it's unreasonable to expect most people to build a PC though. I don't think it's unreasonable to get most people to use Linux.
&gt; This system is hurting society. Well, we can certainly agree on that anyway.
They certainly do have a well funded marketing department.
Well, not worst nightmare. If you made a bell curve of all possible children (taking into account their natural personality, disabilities, or genius intellect) I think overall I'd enjoy investing the time and money if the kid were at least in the top 5%. That's the balanced, beautiful, scientist daughter. The bottom 60% would be pretty bad... and the bottom 10% would be the nightmare. You cannot return a child with severe disorders. However if I were guaranteed a top 5% biological kid I'd probably have one in five years. I had to make a lot of calculations like this before I got a vasectomy... I also banked sperm. Probably not having kids though. People who are absolutely certain (and correct) they don't want kids ever no matter what are very lucky. I know I can be happy without them though.
If Jane can do it, all that suggests is maybe humans in the Tarzan universe have really durable feet. Tarzan doesn't have to be unique in his universe in order for his feet to be spectacular and ridiculous compared to other universes.
Your last image isn't Mordor, it's Emyn Muil. You can see the fiery clouds of Mordor in the distance though. Excellent question though. A+ for creativity, originality, and balance.
Excellent point. The trees are pretty damn weird in that clip.
Yes, that's also their style.
It will raise the price tag on immigration raids.
Looks like a bit of both.
If a Christian says they will always believe in God, then they become an atheist, then it was not true that they will always believe in God. If someone says they will never want kids, and then they want kids, then never wanting kids was not true.
&gt; why would I have seen a commercial? I've got to use that line sometime. I'm putting that in my cache.
This is an excellent post, I love it. We need more posts like this! But rookless is far too powerful. What might be interesting is if /r/chess crowdsourced voting for how many points each perk should be assigned. Rookless (8) 15-second increment (1) and 3 takebacks (1). I'd play defensively and offer exchanges endlessly. Exchanges are either accepted (great for me) or declined (Magnus loses his position). The increment gives me a chance to verify every move not to fall for clear tactics, but I'd still clearly need the three takebacks for a tactical blunder here and there. Crazy-horse is big, but I need the time increment instead in case Magnus trolls me significantly with a really awkward (but winnable) end game. I'm also not too experienced with time controls so that helps a lot. I need the takebacks because I'm one blunder away from being just a rook or so up. I can't beat Magnus with just a rook up. I'm not rated, though I'm maybe 1400 and even with just the rookless perk I feel I have a good shot. Perhaps another way to ask the question is how many points you think you'd need for a 50% chance of winning.
&gt; Alpha zero is my friend Bad call. Alpha Zero tells you a move. The GM explains the position to you.
Actually I think the timeless perk is incredibly overvalued here. It may even be a net negative. Remember that Magnus can think about this game during your turn too. He can easily find your best handful of moves and calculate them massively during your turn. You are giving Magnus unlimited time.
Alpha Zero and a GM will often give you the same suggested move. Both will be absolutely excellent. The GM will also explain many, many future good moves. If the GM explains a few branches, they may give you 5 excellent moves. &gt;I need my pieces to move correctly. That's not how chess works. Neither AlphaZero or a GM have the "correct" move. We have not solved chess.
&gt; How do you meddle in a fixed election? Support critics to destabilise the fixed election. I'm sure there are many US intelligence officers that think a less stable Russia is good for America.
There's a difference between liberation and anarchy. Liberation requires building a better system - promoting some positive political platform. I don't know if it's the case here, but if the US doesn't care who they are using to oppose Putin, that is not a positive government building process. Beware of using classic propaganda vocabulary like "liberation" when referring to US foreign policy.
I believe that just about every government meddles in elections, inside and outside their countries, as much as they are capable. The US and Russia are very capable. In this specific case, I really don't know. Probably nobody in this thread has any chance of knowing either.
Magnus can just wait 2 minutes (perk rule) and you only get one AZ move. I'm not sure you're putting much thought into this "loophole".
You forgot the perk OP mentioned, which is worth -15 points, that if your username is zulban you automatically win against Magnus. So I can win with 25 points.
&gt; it forced me to buy an iPad Air 2 You are never really forced to buy anything.
Why delete the thread..?
Let's hope Microsoft is just spreading the rumor to lower the price on EA.
Hey I stumbled upon this thread from a Google search for adguard.net. What do you mean exactly by "patched"? I asked Microsoft support for help downloading the win7 iso (I have valid keys but the Microsoft website was throwing errors) and they sent me to rg-adguard. Quite surprising. They promised it was clean... not exactly the guarantee I was looking for :o The HTTPS certificates on domains, the chat, and emails were proper Microsoft domains.
Seems like a direct inspiration for an ad in Watchmen.
This is like asking "how can I use a hammer and a permanent marker at the same time". You're thinking backwards \- you're starting with your tools and trying to find problems they can solve. Instead, find a problem you want to solve and then find the right tools to solve it. Maybe AI and blockchain are completely irrelevant to what you want to do.
I realise Phoenix is really, really bad. I've been following it in the news and reading reports on it. It's an interesting failure to me. However a cynical "100&amp;#37;" is not the kind of answer I am looking for. You're basically saying that every single new employee has pay problems..? I don't buy it \- and I love reading about how bad Phoenix is. I think if that were the case it would be \(somehow\) considered an even bigger emergency.
Clever acronym, but it should stand for "**SPACE** Policy Advancing Commercial Enterprise" instead of "Space Policy Advancing Commercial Enterprise".
New hire, new in GoC, indeterminate. I don't yet know the answers to your other questions.
&gt; since most of the other answers are from people that have been affected. Indeed. I realise that a thread like this has a huge bias, filled mostly with people who are upset about issues they've had. So thanks for your reply.
Find a phone number to call. You don't even have to call it today. Just find the phone number.
How do you explain what you do to people that: * Don't know what Gentoo is? * Don't know what Linux is? * Don't know what computer programming is?
As I recall, there is some research showing that women on hormonal birth control are a bit less aggressive and less likely to leave their partners \(they settle\). However this was for the pill which uses a different hormone than the shot, the effect was small, and this only applies to methods which use higher doses like a pill. The reality is that eating hamburgers, being a vegetarian, swimming a lot, or loving carrots will probably have a similar impact. I wouldn't worry about this. It sounds like you're looking for answers where there are none \- the real question is whether you want kids now.
&gt;90% The overwhelming sentiment of the thread was an unflinching 100% - even for the cases of simple new hires.
&gt;With this type of environment you can't get mad at people for spreading mis\-information and cynicism. Fair.
Yes, that's why I provided the adjective.
If it's not 100&amp;#37; then don't say 100&amp;#37;. Especially when an accurate answer is the whole point of my question.
Okay, thanks for your answer. However you've only explained what those things are. I was asking for you to explain your job to someone who doesn't know those things.
Thanks. I have a feeling this is what my experience will be.
It takes ability to know your ability.
Sounds like a great way to do both things shittily. Sorry, can't tell if you're kidding.
You can if they cannot copyright it.
You can't copyright everything that exists in the universe. Not sure how I was unclear. [See here](https://www.copyright.gov/fls/fl108.pdf).
&gt;How many of these chess variants are actually copywrited or patented? Part of the problem is I don't know. I've found maybe 30 my engine can use so far: * 80&amp;#37; are anonymous. * 10&amp;#37; are authored by random people. * 5&amp;#37; are authored by chess masters. * \&lt;5&amp;#37; explicitly say "copyright" or are selling a board with those rules. Thanks for the interesting point about patents. I forgot that patents expire much faster. My plan at this point is to avoid the small minority of "copyrighted" boards, avoid designs newer than 25 years, and cite and thank whoever made the design as often as I can. Something that is a bit funny is I already found a "design" which I had already made by myself. Many of these designs are really obvious variations on chess.
Say I invent a chess variant where you start with an extra pawn on e3 and post it anonymously on a forum. In fact that's what I just did with this comment... Can I sue any business for the next 75 years who use that design for profit? I am sceptical. Do you have any legal sources to back up this claim? Precedent? Again, you can't copyright everything and anything forever. That's not how copyright works. It would be very helpful if you responded with a source.
In case you missed my edit, [see here](https://www.copyright.gov/fls/fl108.pdf) from the US Copyright Office. I think maybe the cult of Mickey Mouse has got you.
Excellent! I figured there had to be some strong limitation. I really wanted to include some classic variants and credit all the awesome authors... glad that I can pretty fearlessly do that now. Thanks for the very solid source.
Well I'd flip that right around and say don't be cynical if you aren't prepared to have people call you out on it. Many people in this thread have literally said 100%, then backed down and said 99%, or "almost" 100%. These people are not giving an informed, sourced number. They're just upset (understandably) and guessing.
I guess this wasn't the end of the thread. Feel free to keep replying tho.
[Some context for those who need it](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Embrace,_extend,_and_extinguish).
&gt;one of the highest income tax rates in the world? Maybe the world is doing a bad job at taxing the ultra\-rich? Just a thought... I try not to base my decisions purely on what others are doing, especially when I think most of the world is failing when it comes to wealth distribution.
You're merely contradicting me, you're not justifying your point or elaborating at all. I've already stated the opposite of this. Just a thought: people do nice things all the time for free.
A great way to start is by writing documentation. Find some code that is a mystery to you, figure it out, and document it well for the next person. This is also a great way to learn how the project works so you can write code later. It's a harmless way to actually help, and learn how to submit code to that community. Choose a project you like and use. Find a problem or feature that you'd actually like to solve/have \- then find people talking about that problem and feature and ask how to help. I'd include a video I recommend too, but I can't remember what it was from.
&gt;sick of Rey-branded paper towels I saw a storm trooper on a bag of iceberg lettuce. I can think of no better way to destroy the brand (except maybe Darth Vader doing a hokey dance for kids). When my wife saw episode 4 for the first time a couple years ago, she laughed when Vader appeared because she always thought he was a joke and that there was an actual villain in the movie. Obviously there's just a ton of marketing people who are trying to justify their jobs, and it's costing the brand dearly. And no product manager has the courage to stand up and say "enough".
Parents bring kids to theatres, not the other way around. The biggest hits appeal to both.
I'm sorry that you feel parents \(and perhaps yourself\) are victims to the whims of children.
It's going to be a very, very long time until the SDC overrides human intervention. Pretty sure you'd need an entire generation of people who grew up without driver's licenses to be the 65 year old lawmakers for that to happen. So, if you're a young adult now, just at the end of your life at the earliest.
Completely untrue.
Sorry, you don't seem to be making very much sense.
Pretty sure you've got it backwards. Sadly, it's Disney that has paid random companies to plaster Star Wars imagery anywhere.
Pretty sure you've got it backwards. Sadly, it's Disney that has paid random companies to plaster Star Wars imagery anywhere.
I'd do some internet searching to find the biggest asshole who owns something extremely expensive. Steal that, and immediately sell it. I suppose if I get away with it then I can sell it without any issues either. Then the question becomes a generic "what would you do with money" question.
Actually I think it's likely a strong UBI would in fact fix this. There would be an explosion of class mobility that would distribute income well beyond just UBI payments. It's also why a full UBI is so unlikely to happen in the US right now.
Well you didn't mention losing my degrees or computer skills. So I guess you could give me debt instead of money and I'd agree, so long as it's less debt.
Nah, keep watching. If the trailer ruins the movie it means it's a bad movie.
&gt;A job guarantee implies that the government is better at creating jobs and matching people to jobs, than the market. Depends on the job. In the past job guarantees have been silly because the government is trying to **be** the market. However job guarantees could be jobs which have no economic sense - like taking seniors out for a walk, painting art onto sidewalks, or chilling in a kids park and watching for unlikely predators. I'm still not certain about job guarantees, but that's the approach they should take if any.
Yes that's part of it. Also: * "How to get started" guides. As you write it you learn how to get started yourself. * Guides in general. * Explaining scripts with comments, or organising scripts into a tutorial. * Finally, as you said any comments in code: classes, methods, properties, anything.
Sends the same message if the mods don't kill this post tho ;)
Funny, I don't even think Stallman would want to put that kind of restriction on code, and he explicitly says Microsoft is the devil.
This blog post (with linked article) is exactly the kind of content I hope to see in this subreddit. Thanks!
You can release it on VR Vive and call the game "screenbuster".
Ah. You're one of those people who thinks a job must support capitalism and consumerism, or else it has no "real value". Happiness and human wellbeing is not "real value". Got it. (note: I'm not defending this person specifically, just the idea of vlogging about nonsense as a hobby or job if you're lucky). What do you think about people who are paid to play video games and stream it?
I suggest you write all your rules into one short blog post instead of many. Also consider [reading this](http://www.chessvariants.com/opinions.dir/fergus/design.html) if you haven't already. One of the biggest challenges of creating a chess variant is lowering the barrier of entry so that it's easy for new people to join and play. I know this problem well ;) Good luck.
Nice story. Police force of the future.
Fun project, but using it seems just as hard as writing the bash alias yourself.
&gt; I never even read it man. That's what people are saying about your rules. Just trying to help. Good luck finding play partners.
&gt; It is unremarkable though If that were true I don't think this post would have 125 points. I'm glad to hear tho that it is probably more common than I thought.
&gt;did you even try to google or youtube search? A lot of the time, when people ask easily Google-able questions I think it's because they're just a bit lonely and want to connect with people about a new topic they're interested in. Real life so rarely provides good company for very specialised interests. As a side note, anyone want to talk about applying graph theory to chess variants?
&gt; ah yes, r/EnlightenedCentrism the last refuge of the intellectually bankrupt Here's a crazy idea: both Democrats and Republicans are far right political parties. Especially when viewed from the lens of Canadian politics (this subreddit). So your quip about centrism doesn't really fit.
Depends how you define "taken".
Fun story. Tho to be fair, I think the human mind can have a very hard time coping with factory work like this. I don't necessarily fault people for not being able to handle it. We probably tend to minimise the psychological toll it can take on people. Especially certain types of people which could otherwise be very happy and capable people. Similarly, tons of people would have a meltdown if we forced them to do my job (write code, debug, all day).
I think it depends on the school. I think this is more of a problem if you will be working with minors. Also (and I'm revealing a really unfair personal bias here) but I don't think business departments will mind as much as other departments. If you get the opportunity to explain your story as you did here, it should be okay. Source: I have three degrees, one in education. I have fought many battles with school bureaucracy and read various books about it. Never worked in school admin though.
Depends how you define "territory". Ever hear an American in Paris demand that people speak American? If imperialism was summarised by the maps seen by children we wouldn't be having this conversation.
Hmmmm, I dunno. Those traffic lights probably run on proprietary software.
No, but it was the funniest. I'm not a comedian. People don't like it when I go too dark talking about the USA.
Lots of RAM, that's it. A RAM shortage is the only thing that will actually stop you from running your code. If you want you can practice using a GPU on your local machine too, but if you really need lots of computation you should be practising doing it remotely. Running your code via CLI on school computers with graphics cards is great practice for running it on a supercomputer or the cloud. If you write your ML code properly as matrix computations instead of iterations, it may still run slow on your local machine, or run even slower if you didn't configure it to use your graphics card, but the important lesson is that you wrote the code properly. Speeding it up 50x is just configuring it better later by enabling a flag. Note also: some graphics cards and processors play nicer with Linux than others. Source: loved AI and ML in university, won ML contests, just got a job working with a supercomputer. Hmmm, maybe it's impostor syndrome but I feel like this makes me sound more legit than I am.
&gt; I have never seen CRA issue cheques without an explanation and lots of contact options. I've experienced this 8 cheque situation. I don't think OP literally meant there was no explanation - just that it was random, confusing, or didn't make sense. That was my experience.
&gt; This is your fault. I would never be so callous as to blame someone for being confused by a tax system. Not only are we never educated on how it works in high school, even professionals have trouble with complicated cases.
I'm sure the tax forms/communications explained it this clearly. Have you ever received 8 cheques from the CRA for mysterious reasons? I have. I had no idea what was happening and I have a few university degrees. If you claim you understand everything perfectly when you file your taxes you are either lying, poor, or you're an amazing accountant. Have some compassion.
Funny that you say thinkpad, I used an E431 for the keyboard and good Linux support. I only barely ran into trouble once by lacking RAM, and had to run a few things at home. It was a good university, but most of what I ran were toy assignments. Anything more like at a research lab should involve remote. I think that deploying on the cloud will also teach you good software development practices (repositories, automated deployment, reproducibility).
Am Canadian. Is Trump a "celebrity"? I'd give him a crash course on world history, cognitive biases, statistics, the psychology of tribalism and racism, economic history, and socialism. I don't think anyone on the planet right now could get Trump to "listen intently" and "remember" an hour lesson on those topics. So this almost sounds like a forced learning experience - I'm okay with that. Also, I'd never pack so many topics into an hour except it sounds like they will really push themselves to listen intently. There's a chance this could prevent a lot of human misery.
Who have you contacted about these concerns?
Sure, but that's only [the first envelope](https://www.kevinkruse.com/the-ceo-and-the-three-envelopes/).
Well I think the first step here is communication. Maybe find someone who may sympathise to talk to about this? Be the change you want to see in the world :o
&gt;because batman himself is playing batman &gt;an extremely faithful superman movie I'm a bit baffled that you think accuracy and realism is going to gross more in a batman movie. It's like saying Alan Turing could have directed and produced the best Alan Turing movie because obviously he knows his life best. These two items are just completely unrelated.
&gt; You do know that when you open them, it states what they are for and includes calculations. Yes, I said I've received them. Many. You obviously aren't trying to understand what I'm saying.
I think I know why they didn't like your solution. &gt; I almost flipped my shit and a few weeks after that I quit. I don't mean to disparage people who work in factories. Tons of incredible people are stuck because of where and how they were born. However in general, people who propose solutions and debug things end up quitting and moving to another job, like IT. I think the reason they opposed your improvement is because you'd eventually end up quitting, and then they'd have to train someone to do it your better way or hire someone better. If they offered you minimum wage to come back and train factory workers I bet you'd decline now. Factory work is all about breaking down processes into the absolute most mind numbing and simple thing so that you can train a new worker in 2 minutes.
&gt;I don't see how you can read the piece of paper telling you exactly what it is for, and not know what it is for. Imagine for a moment that communication of all things technical, legal, financial, were absolutely clear and obvious. What a wonderful world this would be! If you have not once read anything technical, legal, or financial that you do not understand 100%, then you are a boring, lazy, and unsuccessful person. Or young. Please let me know if you think everything important you've ever read makes 100% sense - I'm intrigued. Otherwise, I'm totally oblivious what point you're trying to make. Are you so smart in every domain that everything is clear and obvious to you? Maybe I should stop here... this seems like the epitome of "pointless internet debate".
Why would you dread that question? Nothing wrong with saying "because I think it's awesome". If you don't have an answer to the second question, then you'll just have trouble: * securing funding. * educating apathetic people about your subject. Also, with no good answer to the second question, I'm not sure you *should* get funding, or be an educator. That's also fine.
Dying GPU is still the leading theory until multiple devices, even multiple users, encounter the issue. Users say lots of things.
I don't know a lot about Jordan Peterson, however he doesn't seem to be a biologist. Isn't he a psychologist or sociologist..? I hope people don't dismiss my points about software development and computer science whenever I say something dumb about world history or geopolitics. The off-topic nature of this post makes this feel like a witch hunt.
I think the next step is finding the latest research in ML journals regarding removing specific sound profiles from audio clips. It's possible the hard work has already been done.
Hmmm, how many good comments does it take to negate one pointless whiny comment?
Maybe we should just stop calling random things cults and try for a more nuanced understanding. Oh shit, am I on reddit? Nevermind :o
Too bad it only answers one of the OP's two questions. In my opinion it answers the less interesting question.
It's only a guilty pleasure to like the movies it is making fun of. Starship Troopers is a brilliant satire on fascism and militarism.
Aeon Flux, not mentioned yet somehow. Yep, 9% on RT, rough screenplay. However, even though I last saw it 8 years ago I still remember some visuals and lots of very cool tech: * Hand feet. * Robot knife grass. * Marble robots that demolish walls. * Phase shifting chestpad thing. And more... if you like high scifi tech gizmos I recommend the movie. Only under those circumstances though :P
[Here's the video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rq3QXIVR0bs) for the lazy. You're right - fantastic political video.
I think you'd like [this series of books](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mars_trilogy).
Constitutionally possible yes, feasible no.
I don't know of one, and I recently read about compiling C# on Linux. Also, it seems like a very un-Microsoft and un-corporate thing to do, so I have further doubts. Why do you want to do this?
Well, the dependencies for a single development system for C# must be several gigabytes. If all dependencies for many platforms were packaged in a binary its size would multiply and become utterly massive. I'm thinking this is infeasible and therefore not been done. I really think development suites are already quite big when minimally installed on a single system. If you stumble upon something let me know.
Find me a binary for a cross platform C# compiler and I'll be very impressed and surprised. Less than 4GB and I'd be shocked. You aren't impressing anyone with your tales of GB USB keys and 16k compilers. We all know you're very smart. Much smarter than the creators of bloated enterprise C# compilers. Maybe you should make your own. Come back in a month when you're done. You don't seem to understand how installations of development tools work. The files unpacked onto your system are all very different across platforms. It's not 2GB, it's an order of magnitude more.
Great! Thanks. Reading now.
Well installers juggle the trade-off between size and processing time. An installation process uses the processor to build all the files we need. So there might be one file that is 100MB, and the installation process modifies nine sections of it, each modification just a few KB maybe. Without an installation process, you'd have to have separate copies of all permutations of the 100MB file. I'm really interested to know how many permutations you'd need... but the combinatorics would probably explode if you really wanted to support many platforms and configurations. You could build a compiler from the ground up to avoid this problem. However I definitely don't think it's the case with C#. Again, let me know if you find anything on this.
Funny, as a Canadian I get bored when 98% of reddit is US politics.
When the hell did this subreddit become such a dumpster fire? When Americans talk about Trump both sides lose their mind. I'm wondering if there's a skeptic subreddit somewhere which is more worldly.
I recently played [this variant](http://www.chessvariants.com/other.dir/chameleonchess.html) against my smartphone AI and it is fun. I play such that the king promotes as well. This is a good example of a board game best played on a computer, not with a board. Something I didn't foresee until playing - queens cannot move to a tile where they are under attack, because they will become a king. Another design I've made is that whenever any piece promotes, it becomes a "ghost". A "ghost bishop" moves like a bishop and a "ghost rook" like a rook, etc, but all ghosts look the same. Finally, if you replace all classic chess pieces with knights, and the four centre squares promote to a rook, that is also a fun time.
That might be interesting, sure.
I only just started, but I've been reading here a bit. I don't think a verbal offer means much at all without it in writing. Maybe it's different internally. You could press either group for a written offer - and suggest that without an offer in writing the word you gave doesn't make a lot of sense.
Cool shoes.
How do I install Google Play and iTunes on it?
Clearly my comment wasn't ridiculous enough :o
People in my building arrive between 6am and 11am. Ask your supervisor.
You know the answer to your question.
I second that you seek counselling. This doesn't sound very complicated from a professional decision perspective, whatever you choose. You just need to recover and get counselling.
You can "expand all" and search for "open source".
If this change gets locked in, it was worth it. Phoenix still owes me a full pay check ;)
Unfortunately lots of the stack is built on proprietary software which not even government workers who work on Phoenix have full access to.
I know some people on that team, I'll send them your comment tomorrow with my work email :) It should be open source.
&gt; Thete shouln't be a law mandating the use of free software. You should read the thing you are criticising.
&gt; forcing people You should read the thing you are criticising.
Microsoft doesn't have a monopoloy on cloud. In fact if I were to guess, this is leaning more towards IBM's recent purchase of RedHat, as GoC is quite favourable towards IBM.
When I started my job in June at Environment Canada I was blown away by the fact that they gave me a Linux laptop (no Windows partition) for work. Then I went to a government "open first day" event promoting open standards and open source from the higher ups. Now this. It's really encouraging and seems like a great time to start working for government. Lots of cynics will make lazy comments. But the truth is that this could accumulate into a massive positive change. It's just going to take many years, or more.
There will always be payment records. They clearly show I'm missing one full pay check. I've filed a "pay action request" through the proper channels. Unfortunately they are swamped, and even with a human looking at a specific file, fixing it can take a long time because they are using Phoenix too.
&gt; since they voted in Trump. Both parties were terrible. Both candidates broke historic records for how disliked they were. I don't blame people for voting for Kang when the alternative was Kodos. And let's not forget [this](https://www.bbc.com/news/blogs-echochambers-27074746).
&gt;my company screwing up sending me my ROE I haven't been able to get EI yet. This happened to me. Walk into a service centre and ask for an emergency temporary ROE (or something like that, I got one). File your request for EI right NOW, even without a ROE. You won't get any money for any time period before you apply for EI, while your employee is laying off the accountants who would have sent out your ROE.
This isn't what you're likely to hear from this subreddit, but I think you should consider seeing a therapist. I see a lot of emotional, psychological, and social issues here but nothing technical.
Sorry, I didn't read your whole comment. I tend to skip comments when I can tell they are written angrily. Yep... therapy. &gt;it's extremely emotionally and physically tolling. It shouldn't be. I hope you learn to chill and get some help :/ I've worked in a lot of teams on a lot of cool projects and it sounds like I'd never want to work with you.
I'm confused, if you run out of time you lose, no? Or did I miss a joke.
I feel like I rewrite this comment every year or so... * You get no training. * People fake survey results, nobody cares. * Some supervisors are young and have no training, ambition, or intelligence. * For some reason, we had a ton of landline numbers (at the time) and no cell phones. No problemo. * Ridiculous rules like one survey per household. * Poorly written, misleading, biased, or slanted surveys. * Phone surveys are already terrible. Imagine the bias when you rule out: * Cell phone owners. * People on the "do not call list". * People who are usually not at home. * People living with a few adults in the same household. * People with better things to do. Ekos (and pretty much any telesurvey company, I've also worked for another) just don't care as long as they get contracts. Sometimes a "survey" is just an ad. Ekos is not paid to create accurate surveys. They are paid by groups with specific interests.
&gt; Phone polling, even IVR is historically more accurate than online panel so I'm surprised you'd say that. Just because something is relatively better doesn't mean that it's good. &gt;If you had proof of faking results, or a corroboration, I'd stop including them in my work. I don't, it was a few years ago. However consider this: do you or anyone you know work in one of these survey call centres? There's a major disconnect because the job is so bottom tier. Huge turn over, nobody cares.
I'm not sure you caught my larger point about probability and statistics. If 100 people were to combine educated guesses with dice rolling, plenty would beat Ekos for the past several years. It reminds me of mutual fund stock traders advertising how well their stocks did in the past few years.
Yes, I'm aware of that draw. In this case I'm almost certain it's a loss. Same if there was a 6 move forced mate like the "joke" puzzle in this thread... running out of time doesn't make it a draw.
In well funded medical research, researchers need to register their studies in advance. So that when their results turn out to be boring or negative, they still have to publish or at least report the results. This prevents publication bias, and hiding botched research. Do you perhaps recognise the value in that? Do you think this is being done with political polls? Why not?
&gt; a reality of telephone surveys That they're garbage, and largely conducted by people who are untrained and don't care? I agree.
&gt;That doesn't mean you complete that trial to reporting Yes it does - if you want to eliminate publication bias. This doesn't mean you finish your expensive broken data collection or write a huge report, but you notify the organisation that registers studies. &gt;Do you perhaps recognise the value in that? I'm leaning towards "no". This is not about screwing up research, that's only one of the hundred reasons research is cancelled.
Can I go into American politics on reddit? No, no I can't. If what I say is shocking to you, I recommend that you diversify your news sources. Try news from other countries, or independent news organizations that have won major awards.
Hmmm, how about that. Alright. I suppose I'm just used to online bullet platforms which can't necessarily evaluate whether that is the case, so there are hard rules.
&gt; We all remember snap, y'all. You mean the people in reddit threads talking about a trailer? Yeah, we all remember the snap. That is not the bulk of the movie market. Many have forgotten, or never saw Infinity Wars. Most people don't care that Spiderman turned to dust. Most don't remember who turned to dust.
Yes. It is criminal. (edit: likely)
Indeed. Ramp up slowly to maximise the number of "safe" miles until the first inevitable fatality which is blatantly Waymo's fault and looks really bad (inhumanly ludicrous failure that kills a kid). This is what the Waymo PR machine wants to respond with when faced with this: &gt; We deeply regret the tragic accident that happened on September 4th. Waymo may be far safer than human drivers on average, but that's not good enough. We'll keep working hard to prevent accidents like this from ever happening again. It's our mission to save lives. etc
&gt;Why do people do this? It's because they fear nobody will want them if they are honest.
Jesus. Go see a therapist. It's just a movie.
The most important thing for most job interviews is just being happy, energetic, and enthusiastic.
That's kind of like saying "why don't we use Huawei cars all we want inside Canada, but only leave Canada with GM trucks". You either can't leave Canada as easily as you used to, or you need to buy a lot of GM trucks. Then multiply the problem by 10 because it's technically far more complicated.
&gt;Can I donate to them? [Yes](https://www.patreon.com/godotengine).
If he told both companies about this, someone would get mad. One of two things would happen. If either employment contract says he must devote his full attention or focus on his full time duties (very standard) then it's fraud. If neither contract says that, you're right it's not fraud. But it's a huge oversight (obviously) and someone would fix it fast. The first case is likely. The second case means he's a superstar hired by morons.
&gt; I know that's like 4-5 hours of content I just dropped on you If they can't dedicate a few hours to their project, I don't think it's going very far anyway ;)
Good advice you've had so far. One more thing: the more unknown you are, the closer you need to be to a finished product to get funded. If you are one person with no online presence, do not work for a known company, no online reputation, no previous games released, then you basically need to be nearly finished a polished game to get funded. People with some or all of those things can get away with less.
No. If you do not have several months of living expenses saved, you should dedicate yourself to that. A vast majority of games are never finished. A vast majority of finished games do not earn back the money spent on developing them. If you have the skills to develop a game, live cheaply and get a job and you'll have some funds in no time. If you don't have the skills to develop a game, it sounds like you have the interest to learn those skills, so go right ahead on your free time.
&gt;bipolarity Bummer. I hope you regularly see a therapist. Often bipolar folks feel they don't need to, but they certainly do. No reason why you can't learn skills. Learning to make games is fun all by itself. Have fun :o
I just had [my post](https://www.reddit.com/r/compsci/comments/a4gpl9/chesslike_ai_agreerefuse_draws_like_a_human/) auto removed too. It's very clear to me that there's going to be tons of false positives since it removed my post. Not sure what the mods are thinking.
Not a person, I just had mine autoremoved too. It looks like this: &gt;https://www.reddit.com/r/compsci/comments/a4gpl9/chesslike_ai_agreerefuse_draws_like_a_human/ &gt;Your post has been automatically removed due to apparently violating the content guidelines for /r/compsci. Have you read the sidebar guidelines? If you think this removal was in err, please send a modmail to the moderators of /r/compsci. &gt;I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
I'm not sure "staying a long time" or not matters at all in this decision. It's the math of dollars now, dollars later, risk, and interest rates. Personally, in 30 years I don't think this pension we have no control over is going to be as great as it is now. It is largely benefiting boomers right now, which is why it's pretty good now.
&gt; And I question why you want to even be in the PS? Because there are more reasons to be in PS than looking forward to a pension. Do you work in PS just because you want to leave it with a retirement? Thank you for the one link - that's interesting and I'll have a look. Unfortunately most of what you said is just stating that you disagree with me. What's the point of doing that? &gt;No &amp; no. I don't know why you bothered to write this without giving a source or argument. It's nice that you have a good number of people here who already agree with you though.
You should read [this](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A_Canticle_for_Leibowitz). &gt;A Canticle for Leibowitz is a post-apocalyptic science fiction novel by American writer Walter M. Miller Jr., first published in 1959. Set in a Catholic monastery in the desert of the southwestern United States after a devastating nuclear war, the book spans thousands of years as civilization rebuilds itself. The monks of the Albertian Order of Leibowitz preserve the surviving remnants of man's scientific knowledge until the world is again ready for it.
Sweet! Thanks for the link. Definitely going to read some of that source. Sometimes it's worth it to go on reddit. Looks like they don't hide it. It will probably give me some insights too on how to make my AI's non-determinism more human-like.
This should go in the sidebar.
Free, faster, more secure, control, no ads. Consent: if it is doing something you don't want, you can turn that off. If you already know how to use Windows and don't know how to use Ubuntu/Linux, you will need to learn a few simple things to get going. However if someone doesn't know how to use either, at this point the popular Linux OSs are easier to use/learn. People forget how many bullshit tricks they have learned to deal with Windows.
In general, never try to solve a legal/people problem with a technical solution.
No, but it also wasn't bad enough to be memorable.
I noticed you didn't read the article. Or you're blind. It is a long article. I'm sure you're busy with much more important things, like rants.
Just because they're different, doesn't mean they're different in this way. There are interesting cognitive differences between men and women. But nothing even close to the magnitude of difference necessary to explain the demographics of chess players. In Malaysia, most computer science graduates are women...
Python is a tool. You can use this tool in any industry that uses computers - so all industries. Your question is kind of like asking what jobs people use pens for. Lots of jobs. Currently I'm a scientific programmer for Environment Canada. Some of the code we submit to the supercomputer for numerical weather prediction and environment modelling is Python. It's also a great general purpose language I use for sysadmin stuff related to this.
&gt; Chess is not expensive like stunt flying. I think it's reasonable to say you missed my point. "Expensive" was a metaphor. But a metaphor for what?
&gt; Do you really think there should be a women's world championship? It depends on the effect it has on "women playing chess" similar to "men doing ballet". I'm not sure, but I think where we are in 2018, the net effect is good. I think there's a large base of weak women players who may become decent women players with this kind of support. Maybe after another generation the need for the women's tournament will go away - that would be nice. It would be nice if everyone could join chess tournaments without feeling stress because of sex, race, whatever. I don't think anyone can know for sure whether we are past that point yet, but I don't think we are.
Turn back, these comments are not worth it.
I really feel like these round 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13 ... threads really dilute the quality of the post. How about we aim for one, maybe two or three rounds.
Things to try: &gt;youtube-dl --version &gt;youtube-dl -U &gt;pip3 install youtube-dl --upgrade
&gt;They likely face unwelcoming environments in many if not most chess clubs Compared to women? I don't think so. And this is why a black chess tournament seems absurd. Mostly because black people can also be men. If we're going with race - a better comparison might be acceptance into universities. There is an overwhelming discrepancy there. That moves us into talks about diversity quotas. That is a more realistic discussion. A black-only chess club sounds absurd, because it is. It's a drastic solution to a problem that doesn't much exist. I've never heard of a black person saying they don't fit into chess culture. Women? Many times. I do think having the women's tournament at the same time as the men's is a terrible idea. In fact, it suggests that the organisers have the wrong idea in mind.
If you feel that large subreddits are a good place for nuanced discussion, go right ahead.
Why would Europe and US ever split internet? Fun idea, but it seems like nonsense.
&gt; I guess I'm cherry picking Nailed it. If you'd really like to get to the bottom of this - take the 50 most top selling franchises of all time and ask yourself: * Is the lead a dude? * Is the lead still a dude in the past ten years? Don't guess, that's worthless. You could do this though.
I am not LEO. However, isn't it well established by science and decades of research that polygraphs are worthless? There's a reason they're not admissible in courts. If a department is trying to find out if you're a witch there's only so much rational thinking you can do in response to that. Sounds like a roll of the dice. You are probably fine. /r/skeptic
[This website](http://www.flocademy.ca) will recommend free resources based on your preferences. I also recommend [this website](https://cscircles.cemc.uwaterloo.ca/).
Bummer. If they show the whole movie in the trailer like that, it is probably not a very good movie.
I thought this headline was from the beaverton. Maybe this is what honesty looks like.
Go see an accountant. An accountant that you pay to see, not a free salesman accountant.
Yes, the reddit algorithm needs some work. Maybe reddit will buy out its next competitor before they make that breakthrough.
If they had a rule to only accept people whose height in cm was an even number, they could just get rid of that rule. Paying more is not always required if you have unnecessary entrance requirements. The criminal record is just one of many discussed in the article.
I think you should see a therapist, not for yourself, but to talk to a therapist about how best to tackle this. &gt;Even though they usually end up footing the bill. This is a tough situation for everyone, but unfortunately your parents are part of the problem.
To be clear, I wasn't saying your brother should see a therapist, though of course they should. I was saying you should see a therapist to talk about strategies. &gt;I'm going to use more direct language with my parents Neither of us are experts on judging whether this is the best strategy here.
Some thoughts to make this writing prompt better: * Why a pill? (creatively, why did you choose a pill) * Who made the pill? * How much does it cost? Can anyone get one? * How do we know this pill works? Without these details this is essentially a generic "immortal invincible human" prompt.
&gt; College admission is a stepping stone to the rest of life, whereas a chess world championship is a ending prize. Not quite. The article itself for this thread talks about how prize money supports career chess players. &gt;Science is not all that welcoming to women. Should we have a Nobel Prize in Physics and a Nobel Prize in Physics for Women? You're a bit all over the place here... do you really want to move on to Nobel prizes now? You really seem to like "reduction to absurdity" arguments. If I obviously agree that there should not be a women's Nobel, maybe it wasn't a very constructive point for you to make? What do you think I would say about a women's Nobel prize? Why would I argue that it's a bad idea? I think you can figure this out from the thread comment history.
Surely not the answer you're looking for, but: sleep. &gt;I don't sleep much. Sleep will improve your overall game, short term and long term. Other than that, feel free to enjoy chess when you're tired. It is a fun game.
There is some danger in relying completely on tools like Anaconda. This is that danger. I recommend you read about: virtual environment, pip (freeze, requirements), PATH, PYTHONPATH.
I bought this poster, it's in my kitchen. I love it.
I've read a couple IP laws books (for laypeople). As I recall, the author immediately owns what they write, so the celebrity's estate owns it. However, when you use the Twitter platform you agree to their terms of service. So there'd be something in there allowing them universal unrestricted intergalactic rights to retransmit it ad nauseum. There is a weak argument a frivolous estate legal team might make: that the author didn't finish using, and therefore didn't use, the Twitter platform. Realistically what would happen is everybody would struggle to own that IP but it would just go everywhere. This is called de facto versus de jure.
I recommend [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d-7o9xYp7eE).
If someone is repeatedly saying "I didn't say that", consider the possibility that there has been a miscommunication. If someone is repeatedly saying "you didn't answer my question", consider the same.
I see how this is a fun comment, but lots of the time people can't see highway dividers either, so it's not premature at all. Also, decent SDCs can already distinguish strollers, kids, adults, cyclists, etc. Instead maybe it's a better point that this study doesn't apply to SDCs since the software won't be prioritising in this way.
Until "autistic toddler" I thought this might have been a real headline. Yep, that's where we're at.
Yes, yes I did. Reading headlines for one second are not our most critical thinking, skeptical moments. But yeah I really thought that, and was confused. He did an impression once of a disabled person that seems similar. Wouldn't take much for a headline to exaggerate a little.
I guess you just haven't been paying attention to SDC tech or news? Have you seen some of the all time top links for this subreddit? [Here's a video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MqUbdd7ae54) distinguishing cyclists, pedestrians, cars... They also do emergency vehicles, moving vehicles. Obviously. No system could get out of a driveway without these basics. Note also that the video is 3 years old. Do you think computer vision can't distinguish between kids and adults or something..? I'm now preparing myself for a "moving the goal post" situation.
There are far more horrible and lethal things in the universe than pleasing and desirable things. Without further details on how it works and what random means here, I definitely don't open it.
Based on your question, I think you would benefit from a general purpose, hands-on Python tutorial. [This is a great one](https://automatetheboringstuff.com/) that seems like it would appeal to you. One of the major topics is "Create, update, move, and rename files and folders" but I recommend the whole thing to you.
Alright, cool. Computer vision in 2018 cannot tell apart strollers from cyclists, cyclists from cars. Got it. Anything else, professor?
What is a chess hustler? If you mean "random people on the street who play chess for money" I once beat someone twice in a row and I can't be much higher than 1400. They tried an illegal move.
&gt; The ones in NYC are mostly pan handlers with chess boards. Indeed. &gt;A real hustler would play for real stakes Do you figure that includes pretending to be weak for low stakes, then raising the bet and playing well?
Ah. I mean, does is that kind of trick necessary to be called a "hustler"?
Well your problem is understanding how to serve files, not the Unity web player. I recommend completely finishing a long Flask tutorial.
This subreddit must be packed with gullible morons to have given this hype bullshit this many points.
[We accept you](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ycw_plHh_oc).
You lost me at Siraj. I used to be a high school CS teacher. Siraj just seems like the perfect example of flashy crap with no depth that perfectly appeals to newbies and youth. It leads you astray - using easy platforms that work this year, which give immediate results. At least the material I had seen a year or two ago.
Convergent evolution!
Eosinophils being present doesn't confirm EoE, nor do normal levels of eosinophils rule it out. EoE really is that annoying. Good luck :o
I've been dealing with EoE for 18+ years and only a handful of times have I felt a bit cornered, but I've always managed to get somewhere on time. Could you describe a situation where you have neither a toilet, nor an outdoorsy corner? Do you not have much warning? I know at least minutes in advance when I will utterly need somewhere to go. Maybe you are just blessed with far more regurgitations than me.
They talk about this in episode 200, plus or minus 100 or 200 episodes. I believe it is something cute one of their kids said once, and they needed a name for a new segment, and there it is.
&gt;It doesn't make them any more money They don't have to pay staff as well to retain them. Still applies to minimum wage - better retention.
If you study rhetoric, education, or psychology you will find that human beings struggle to make dramatic leaps in their behaviour and thinking. If we take an all or nothing approach to FOSS, the movement will die.
They torpedoed electoral reform. It was shameful.
My flair here at the time was "electoral reform is the only thing that matters". I chose not to vote Liberal. I feel pretty smart about that. Never believe that a political party will do electoral reform if it will severely damage them. Of all parties, the Liberals would take the biggest hit from it.
&gt;I consume e 30 hrs weekly of political news and TV. This is not what Peekman was suggesting. It's the opposite, perhaps. If what you're watching has advertisements, you're probably watching garbage. Most of commercial TV is mind poison. Watch long discussions, long interviews, and maybe some town halls.
&gt;If you are in a competitive riding, a vote for Green is a vote for the CPC Maybe then we can vote in the Liberals for some electoral reform.
&gt;I'm thinking about either abstaining or spoiling my vote. Don't abstain. Spoiling your vote however is a perfectly legitimate stance to take.
&gt;the climate scientists Which ones are you talking about? There are tens of thousands spread across the globe - working in universities, government, and private industry. Dozens of countries. Thousands of universities. All with competing interests. They all have incentive to prove each other wrong about climate change. If you proved that mankind was not a major factor in climate change it would win a Nobel prize at this point. Isn't it weird that they almost universally agree that we're geoengineering the planet? Science isn't about digging up a few studies from the 1970s that confuse us. If you haven't spent years researching climate... you should probably listen to an overwhelming, massive, screaming majority of experts. Instead of dismissing them based on 0.01% of research. Do you think we've learned nothing about climate in 50 years..? God damn it man, we didn't even have computers really back then. Maybe you mean [this climate scientist](https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/how-the-global-cooling-story-came-to-be/)? Please give the article a read. The author of the studies from 1970 is aghast at how people like you continue to use it.
You responded too quickly to have read my link. Please do that so we can continue the conversation. Note also how the human brain (all human brains) do not seek out information that conflicts with what it already believes. Fight it. Rise above!
Edit: Oops, not FOSS. I use [tasker](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.dinglisch.android.taskerm&amp;hl=en) to program my phone in various ways. It's very powerful - the only limitation is yourself. It helps if you have casually written a few lines of code in your life. An example of something I've done: when my phone connects to my home wifi between 5pm and 7pm on a Monday (meaning I just got home), I hear a random worker sound (Peasant or Peon from Warcraft, SCV from Starcraft, etc) say something, which reminds me to take out the trash. So you could definitely program it to play a sound file at some point, or a random one from a folder.
Oh crap, I totally missed which subreddit I was in, and the FOSS request. Smart.
Unfortunately, this redditor does not seem to read links.
I work with the supercomputer in Dorval for weather prediction. What's funny is I'm a programmer so I still have no clue what I'm looking at here. Looks cool though. PS: We are hosting a [free hackathon with $10,000 in prizes](https://www.hackworks.com/en/meteohack) soon.
Je comprends. On a placé l'événement pour être proche de la conférence IUGG, mais la semaine n'est pas idéal.
Thanks :) Well we have four themes (search the meteohack page for "categories"). And your project needs to somehow use some of our open climate data. Projects will do better if they have a minimal working prototype, though in any hackathon that's a tall order in such a short amount of time. So in judging we give lots of flexibility for projects that are "hacked" together. You'll also be paired up with people with a diversity of skills if you don't have a full team. The game app I linked to is a pretty good example of what could be a submission for the hackathon. In my case, I've made 3D games before so I was able to make that game fairly quickly. So often people bring the skills they already have and apply it to our data... and we see what we get :P Most projects at hackathons turn out poorly, actually. But that's okay. The idea is to show up, meet people, mess around with an idea, and see where it goes.
As a public servant, FOSS enthusiast, computer scientist, and someone with an interest in recent news about IBM, RedHat, and Phoenix, I have a lot to say in response to this ;) &gt;Is the government paying their employees properly yet? Depends on the position. In my opinion, if you are a low skilled tech worker, the government overpays you. If you are high in demand (AI, software development, ML) the government underpays. &gt;I'm not convinced I should get involved with any government related computering Depends what you want. Maybe I got lucky, but the people in my building at Dorval have been extremely friendly. We all run Linux on our desktops and for supercomputing, which is incredibly empowering and liberating. Also, if I choose to work harder or work longer on a project, I'm doing it for the public good instead of for some dickhead CEO's bonus. I've worked at a few startups and one large enterprise, and I've never felt so valuable and appreciated. My team trusts me to work from home if I want to. I can leave an hour early one day and stay an hour later another day and it's okay. All of this is worth more than a 10-40% raise I could get in private industry. However government is slow and there's lots of red tape. You have to be zen and laugh at the absurdity. I give lots of harsh feedback to lots of internal processes, which some people say they appreciate greatly. Finally, I often adopt the motto "seek forgiveness, not permission". If I ask permission, the answer is no. If I just do it, people are grateful and happy. &gt;since they don't even know better than to give IBM $1 billion for bad proprietary software. I've read a lot of reports on what went wrong with Phoenix. I can confidently say there's tons of blame to go around - the executives that ran the project, the Liberal party, the Conservative party, the unions... That project would never have failed so spectacularly without a lot of failure all round.
&gt;I used to work for Red Hat. Not sure what that has to do with this. IBM just bought RedHat. I thought you meant "paying proper salaries" not "paying without technical issues". That should have been clear based on what I wrote. I have had Phoenix problems personally, as well as almost everyone I work with. &gt;I'll start trusting the government, when ... It sounds to me like you aren't ever going to trust government. That's okay. &gt;Read this and learn: [https://publiccode.eu/](https://publiccode.eu/) It's very, very clear that you don't know anything about what I've been doing at my job. In the future maybe try to be less presumptuous... I even said I'm a huge FOSS enthusiast. How do you figure this is translating to my work in government? I even gave a presentation about open source at an open government event. I train government workers to release their code with git and GitLab. Finally, [section 2.3.8.3 and 2.3.8.4](https://www.tbs-sct.gc.ca/pol/doc-eng.aspx?id=15249) might interest you.
Scooboo!
&gt;Have a look at this again. Maybe I've seen it before? &gt;I fear you might not realize you're living in a bubble. You're being presumptuous again. If a public servant were uncertain about FLOSS, I don't think your approach here is the right one.
If you say "take me off your list" and they call you again, you can file a complaint with the CRTC. Since it's Bell and not a scammer from India this has some weight to it. &amp;#x200B; "Take me off your list" has more legal weight than "please don't call me again, if possible, okay?".
Indeed. My title is "scientific programmer analyst" though more accurate is maybe "site reliability engineer" or "operational simulation software support". We do a lot of work with bash and Python, but we often encounter ksh, C, Ruby, Java, even Lisp and Fortran. I'm definitely the most "software developer"-like person in my team, so I've been writing new tools or maintaining old ones. I also write new tools to automate our processes, and I'm starting work on one soon now (that I've named Heimdall) which analyses a simulation project (which we call a suite) for issues or warnings. One of my favourite things about the job is seeing how all the old systems have been tied together over the decades. I feel like a software archaeologist. Relative to my colleagues, I do a lot of simplification and cleanup work. Work is submitted to the supercomputer through a few Linux commandline tools. Most of us use KUbuntu for our desktops, the lightweight and easy to access supercomputer nodes also use Ubuntu, however the heavy lifting supercomputer nodes which we rarely directly access run some freaky SLES, IBM, "xc40 cray" thing. Finally, to monitor and submit supercomputer work graphically we use an in-house tool called Maestro, which [I've made some training videos for if you're interested](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mwDfQiDJKx0&amp;list=PLRf-PfhVvwFA7tGxwEgxgnJIY7aVevqqo&amp;index=7&amp;t=0s).
I'm at a loss for words.
I don't love the idea of resolutions since they encourage us to break unrealistic promises to ourselves. However, this year I plan to finish all major features for my game [chesscraft](http://www.chesscraft.ca) (I am very close) and continue learning Greek with Duolingo to get good enough to understand kids' TV shows. At work I have a few technical projects I'm looking forward to start and finish. One of them is to automatically evaluate how well people's projects follow our technical guidelines, and give everyone a score on a public leaderboard ;) How about you? :o
I doubt we can vote to give the mods a ton more work. Something like this has to come from them.
Check myself into a mental institution because it's more likely I'm crazy than a magical narrator is real.
Easiest? Write it all on the frontend with Javascript and obfuscate the code with a code obfuscator tool. Anyone capable of deciphering that for the quiz answers would obviously have an easier time just learning/researching the right answers. Security isn't about indestructible vaults... it's about vaults that are too hard to break to be worth breaking. So I think you need to rephrase your question. Maybe ask for the "simplest backend for a quiz web app, for fun and learning"?
&gt;I’m gonna copy and paste most complex functions This suggest to me you are not using git and branches for this refactoring. You should.
&gt;I also received 10000 shares of the company. How many shares are there in total? A trillion? Can they create more shares they own whenever they want? Unless you know, these shares are worthless. I hope you have zero formal education in software, and not much experience, because if you do you are being ludicrously underpaid. I was paid exactly that much at two different jobs without my degree in computer science, in a city which costs half as much to live in. This [yearly survey](https://insights.stackoverflow.com/survey/2019) is always a great read.
&gt;Yeah, healthcare is the worst. I'm not sure this is the best place to say so, but healthcare isn't the problem. It's the country. &gt;You have to do your own research. Yikes. Almost nobody in any population is qualified to do that. [Lots of people think they are though](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dunning%E2%80%93Kruger_effect). Sorry again if this is the wrong place or time for this comment...
You seem very out of touch with the industry. Not once in your post did you mention ticket sales or money. I'm not saying the state of the industry is good. But your analysis of this situation is completely detached from the mindset of the people that make these films.
Report it to the security of the building, if it exists. Then leave behind your contact info and all hope.
The people that hire Abrams are not artists.
Excellent! Enjoy.
I got [these](https://en-ca.sennheiser.com/wireless-headphones-bluetooth-noise-cancelling-hd-4-50-btnc) as a holiday gift. I've never tried noise cancelling headphones before but so far I'm pretty happy. I would note though, I'm not sure the technology in general is going to cancel out loud distinct noises and conversations. Instead, I work next to a highway and I ride the bus/metro a lot every day. So I get a ton of fuzzy background white noise in my day and the ones I have are doing a pretty good job. Even for office conversations, they are a step up from just headphones. I can also listen to quiet more soothing music to avoid chatter, whereas before I had to go full out on Red Alert soundtracks, etc. What model are you not happy with?
I think it would be helpful if you got more specific.
It's always okay to ask about benefits before starting a job.
Try different internet connections and see if the problem persists.
I asked my manager, who asked our accountant. She shared the URL for an ancient, sketchy website that seemed to specialize in government business cards. It was asking for financial info over insecure connections (no HTTPS, other issues). I emailed the company instead with my preferences, got my cards, and forwarded the invoice to our accountant/HR person. Good on you for doing this. Public servants need to do public outreach and attend events more often.
Another computer in your house uses the same internet connection. So you should try that too - but that's to test two different computers (possibly operating systems, configurations) but you wouldn't be testing different internet connections. Both are things to try. Depending on how mathematical you are, I think of this in terms of sets, or [set theory](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Set_theory). If A has problem C, but B does not have problem C, then the causes of C are A minus B. This is very helpful where A and B have a lot of overlap (like the same computer on different internet connections, or two different computers on the same internet connection). If trials A and B use the same computer, but only one has the problem, you know it's not the computer.
There are a hundred different good answers, so unless you get more specific regarding your requirements, everyone is just going to tell you what they personally like and use. I've used Digital Ocean for a few years. I like it...
Beware of: * The placebo effect. This is a real effect where thinking something will help \*actually helps a little bit\*. So it's not about trait X, it's about your belief in it. * Giving credit to trait X when really you just ate different food, from a different source. Look up what "organic" means according to your local laws. It could be meaningful - or not. Personally, I've found that perhaps older vegetables are harder to swallow. Mold? Maybe pricier or fresher produce helps me. Really hard to say though. Maybe this is my own superstition.
This is actually a higher level software design problem. You're trying to solve a "view" problem by changing your model or controller. EnglishForm is a model, not a view. When you visit a website with many languages supported, all the code, backend, and forms will be written in one language (natural language, not programming language). See [model view controller](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Model%E2%80%93view%E2%80%93controller).
&gt;You can't leave it where you'd leave a bike Why not..?
Mongo seems simpler to experiment with, and iterate, on my projects still in development. People that are more familiar with Python and JSON, and perhaps less familiar with SQL might also appreciate Mongo. Finally (based mostly on what I've read), I cringe thinking about migrating or updating PostgresQL/SQLAlchemy data, even with their mature (but complex) solutions. Whereas with Mongo I always feel like I completely understand what is happening with my data. It's just a bunch of documents. Mongo feels far more Pythonic. That isn't always a good thing, though.
That isn't a measure of the EX workload and hours. It's a measure of what EXs tend to say about their workload and hours. It's misleading to present this as evidence of the former. Maybe: 1. EXs work really hard and long. 2. EXs say they work really hard and long. 3. People that become EX are cautious about their careers, and think their bosses may see their responses. 4. EXs tend to feel they are "always really busy" when really they just have a normal workload. We all know people like this. 5. EXs tend to say flattering things about how hard working public servants are. &gt;Most EXs I know definitely work at least 50 hours a week normally, and often more. This is your main piece of evidence. It's still anecdotal, but it's something.
Interesting. Now I know that this subreddit will sometimes apply rule #1 overzealously. I was respectful to the OP and it's clear to me that most subscribers would agree. Note taken. There may have been a stronger case if there were a "substantive posts" rule, since mine was pretty short and simple.
I think it's unfair to quote some of my comment but not the genuine "good luck, either way!" part. I don't think we'll come to much agreement here, or probably ever interact again... so that's the end of that. No big deal. Have a good day. Note taken :o
Which aspects of being a parent do you dislike the most? Like the most?
Vote with your wallet. Switch to them if it's available in your region. I'm a programmer, and I've been with Teksavvy for maybe a decade and I've been very happy.
&gt;Bell, Rogers, Telus, etc will make more money if someone goes with Teksavvy You're going to have a tough time convincing me that paying for Teksavvy's better rates instead of Bell's higher rates will somehow make Bell more money than... going with Bell? In fact, that's just nonsense... you're either a shill or more likely, very confused.
&gt;I stopped answering this morning after 3 hours of unpaid work yesterday. You seem to have things mostly in order - the unpaid work was your only mistake.
Ahaha, any chance you can find that story? Sounds like a good read/listen.
Of all people that identify as "satanist" one way or another, what percent would you say agree with these beliefs?
1) All your answers and many more are found in the 2019 [StackOverflow developer survey](https://insights.stackoverflow.com/survey/2019). 2) Ask /r/uwaterloo/ and /r/UBC/
&gt;In any walk of life never give more information than you have to. especially when you're a unionized federal public servant. This sounds like wisdom, but it's actually just cynical and anti-communication. This kind of suppression is in fact very bad advice to give to someone asking about mental health. You're telling them not to talk about how they're feeling.
&gt; When there’s asshole micromanager bosses out there ABSOLUTELY ZERO INDICATION OF THIS IN THE OP'S POST. "CYNICISM".
&gt;I don’t think anyone is concerned with CBC showing ads. I am. &gt;People want a strong CBC and advertising has not seemingly compromised the network. I disagree. How often do they criticize our telecom oligopoly, for example? Not nearly enough - especially considering how Canadians feel about it. &gt;Great Canadian content floats to the top, Netflix has proven this. That is not the Netflix business model. In an ideal world for Netflix, showing exclusively their own cheaply produced/licensed content is enough to keep everyone paying. Saying good content floats to the top reminds of me when people say "Facebook shows me what I want to see" or "Google tries to show you the best results". Very simplistic.
I guess you misunderstood my use of "ideal world" then, which is fair. I just used it to illustrate where their internal business forces are pushing them.
Okay. Why big?
Thanks for sharing your teaching tips. However... I'm sorry to say I think this is a really terrible way to learn and teach git basics. I say this as someone who studied computer science, taught it, and teach git workshops. The analogy is so forced I hardly know where to start. It's just going to really confuse newbies. Unfortunately I do think your post has the potential to be very popular on this subreddit. Thanks again for sharing though... just a warning to others.
My feedback is not so much on the plot, but your approach to writing. I strongly recommend you stop writing notes and the outline, and start writing the real thing. Otherwise, you're going to burn out the ideas for yourself, and all you'll have is this.
Awesome! Thanks. 1) Roughly how many lines of code has SpaceX written for its software? 2) For all lines of SpaceX code, on average, about how many different humans have read that line? A simple guess based on your development processes would be great.
My advice is to change how you ask for help. If you make it easier for people to help you, you will get more (and better) help. Share your project, in full, on a website like gitlab. Make sure that someone who clones it gets a working project. Websites that host git repos are literally designed so that you can share and talk about code. Make sure it's a minimum working project - it has nothing except for this issue you're having. Then refer to specific lines of code that you think are the problem, and take it from there. I'm a full time programmer and I program as a hobby too. Sorry, I did not read your long, likely incomplete, unindented, unformatted code snippet. Great job including the screenshots tho, they are very helpful.
Great story, thanks for sharing. There's always that chance that this will be the computer she uses for the next 20 years.
Well it's also important to understand the platform. On reddit you can ask for personal advice for your project and start a personal discussion. Whereas on stack overflow you're supposed to ask questions that generally apply to many other projects. People cannot search SO for this kind of "fix my project" post to get their own help. So it's good to know the rules, guidelines, and conventions of whatever community you're posting in. Good luck with hosting your repo somewhere :o
Close. You'd just add "if white, multiply by -1" at the bottom of the evaluation function. You'd then have a SF that plays worst when playing white. Since it's SF, I suppose it would do clever things with this. For example, white would play a move that maybe doesn't seem all that bad to us. "They could have thrown away their queen!" we might think. But in fact, it knows that black can checkmate white in the fewest moves this way. White throwing away its queen then rook, etc, isn't necessarily the fastest way to losing. Sounds fun... OP, just need to compile SF with that one little if-statement.
Hmmmm! In fact, I think this could be a great post for /r/compsci
&gt;afford things like ... marriage Marriage is (almost) free. Do you mean a wedding? Because those can be cheap too. Depends on who you end up married to, I suppose.
&gt;Adding to the list right now. Curious: what system do you use as a list?
&gt;dozens of people There are 157k subscribers. Dozens doesn't sound like much of a problem. As for the "zero cops" position, I have **only** seen it expressed as a strawmen in this subreddit so far, I've literally never seen it expressed unironically or seriously here.
Make a shared Google spreadsheet listing all your training: name of course, offered by who, code of course, date completed, URL to course if it exists. You will be asked repeatedly about a dozen random courses - you won't remember which you've finished because many are bland and named similar things. Never depend on your managers, supervisors, training departments, or the many training platforms to track your training progress. Especially don't trust the many training platforms. Take screenshots of "completion certificates" and keep them all in one place. At the top of my spreadsheet I also say "This document lists all training courses completed by (my full name). Feel free to share a link to this spreadsheet with anyone who needs it" so people are less worried about leaking my private data. When you get asked: just link to the spreadsheet.
Not sure what you're asking with that first question. However, with the board editor you can turn on or off any of the 16x16 squares. So you could make a donut board if that's your thing!
Well I don't own a Mac or an iPhone for testing, so it's a bit tricky. But I'm considering my options. A steam release will probably come first, if anything.
Ooooooops thanks!
Oops, wrong newsletter link (1.7, not 1.8). I edited.
Hmmm! Okay, nope, cannot do that. One interesting thing about making the game, is that it has shown me the different ways people think about the pieces. To me - I'd still think the bishop moves diagonally, regardless of what colors those targets would be. People also think differently about how knights move (L? One orthogonal one diagonal?) or castling. No perspective is wrong, but it's funny when ChessCraft forces a certain perspective.
&gt;radical centrist Help me understand what this means.
Hey, how about that, it's an actual thing. Thanks.
Good to know: if you reply to yourself, the person you first replied to won't see it. I saw this second question as a fluke! Steam, if I release on it, would be the way to play on laptop/desktop, yep. There is a clock, no human multiplayer. Though you can share your creations.
If headlines cleared things up we wouldn't need articles.
A postnup prenup eh?
[Here you go](https://chesscraft.ca). It's only reasonable at playing classic chess, but it's also "only reasonable" at playing all the variants you can make in the game. No surprise, it's my favorite mobile game :) I need to update that video... you can now share online, make ranged attackers, invincible pieces, and generate random boards.
Why not simply link the article you quoted..?
By definition, chess variants are not official or defined canonically. Best to describe what you're talking about precisely, or drop a link.
Have a look at the "office of conflict management" (OCM). They offered a mandatory course I had to take a year ago. You'll find something in the spirit of your question. Whether or not they use this latest buzzword... not sure.
People can guess, but nobody knows for sure with your system. Run an experiment, gather evidence, and find out for yourself.
I'm a programmer in government and I support this immensely. However one interesting consideration is that often closed source stacks and libraries are tangled mercilessly into the code developed by government. So people should just note that this isn't the same as flicking a switch one day and putting your hackathon project on GitLab with an open culture license. A lot of work must go into this.
WWWhoooooaaaa that's bad. The next time this happens, please do the following: * share the board so you have a share code * take lots of screenshots, just after the first bad move, and so on I have a feeling I know what the problem is, but I'd like to confirm. Thanks for the report! If you restart the app and play the same board again, does it still happen? There's always something... :P
Accepting foreign students isn't a favor Canada does for other countries. Many universities would literally fail if they didn't have those extra funds from very high international tuition. The worldview your comment implies is curious.
The scientific method is an invention of the humanities and philosophy. I have an arts degree, and a science degree, and now I'm a scientific programmer. I thought I'd mention these tidbits to mess with your worldview a bit.
If this interests you I suggest you do some reading on the many different purposes of education. You seem to have a heavy economic leaning, which is fine. Just realize that tons of Canadians disagree with that and have other things in mind. It's good to at least be able to list the dozen or so big reasons Canadians value education. Economy is one.
Are you sure you're responding to the right comment?
Is it connected to your wifi? Have you tried an ethernet cable? And of course, have you tried turning it on and off again? Probably time to contact your supervisor. Nothing wrong with that so long as you have a competent description/list of what you've tried. Welcome! ;)
You should get in contact with them to offer your expertise.
I work in government and our team supports operational systems 24/7. I've heard estimates that we're among the last groups in our building to return, and anything this year would be surprising. Teams will go back slowly, perhaps starting in the fall, starting with less critical folks and staggered.
Neat. I suppose this solution also works for any table that is a regular polygon?
Indeed! I felt there was more to it.
What have you tried so far? What internet searches have you done? Who else have you asked for help (real life, and online)?
EAP! Text on reddit is not going to help you here. It rarely does, in general :P
Why go for most natural? Have two kings. The changes that makes to checkmates is really something.
I'm tempted to start writing summaries of the long emails we get about covid for my team. My summary to a recent 500 word email: &gt; You'll get at least 3 weeks notice before having to go back in to work. Still, I take it as a good opportunity to practice my French. I read them out loud to myself.
I think it would be helpful if posts like this also defined when 50% capacity terraces are acceptable - according to actual metrics like cases per day or ICU bed capacity.
Thanks for bringing this to my attention! I wrote about this incident [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/ChessCraft/comments/hfv4s6/google_bots_slapped_chesscraft_again/).
You've listed a lot of issues which don't all connect together. I recommend that whenever you write an email or chat with someone, have a clear goal in mind. What are you trying to accomplish by writing this letter? The goal shouldn't be "tell them about some stuff". A better goal is something that person can help you with, or something you can help that person with so that they can help you. Some goals you may want to consider: * get more time for training * get criticized less for things out of your control * network and find another position * kill the ghost project * develop the ghost project into something real * get more training from that new guy * get more training from someone of your choosing * get to do good work for someone who appreciates it * write better procedures * create better tools When you contact someone or contact a team, have one, **exactly one** of these goals in mind. Identify the very next 10 minute task to make progress on that goal. Every sentence in your email should push you forward on that small task, for the ultimate goal. That's a lot of goals I listed. Choose just a few to prioritize over the next few months. Sounds like you've got a bit of a toxic environment. Sorry about that. Best of luck!
Funny that people complain about price when all these fast food chains are **ridiculously** expensive compared to simple meals made at home. A&amp;W veggie burger is perhaps my favorite item on their menu. It's 90% as good as a teen burger and I feel physically great after, like I ate a big salad. Despite this, I'm not sure I once heard of a McDonald's veggie burger until now. Marketing failure?
I'm sure that Google faces a tremendous amount of spam and assault from bots and other parasites seeking to take advantage of their successful ecosystem. Still - yes it's a bummer, and I wish Google had stronger competitors so they treated me better. Oh well! Thanks.
Thanks for the bug report. If you remember: * did you create the board and immediately play it, or had you restarted the app? * did you "play again" or was this the first shot? * how many times did you play it until it did this bug? * what AI difficulty? 4? * "multiple times": how many times? Thanks!
Thanks for the bug report. If you remember: * did you immediately play this board, or had you restarted the app? * did you "play again" or was this the first shot? * how many boards did you generate before playing/creating this one? * how many times did you play it until it did this bug? * what AI difficulty? 4? Thanks!
&gt;it’s not worth getting upset about If you're getting upset on Facebook, then I agree you shouldn't go on it. So, that's most people I suppose.
Hmmmm! Thanks.
Canadian here - I'd definitely buy a more expensive, less capable device if it has such a backdoor. Beyond distrusting the US government on privacy issues, obviously my device would also have a backdoor sold on the black market as well. It does already I'm sure, but this would make those backdoors even more concrete and unfixable. Anyway, I'm sure none of this matters because they're just trying to legalize what they already do.
Is there an issue in their issue tracker? Perhaps you could post this there.
&gt;I can’t believe that these employment contracts are even legal in Canada. Well, apparently they might not be.
How so?
&gt;They've lived together for a year and a half but because they live in an RV If I were trying to cross the border during a pandemic, I would be damn sure to bring my minimum documents. If common law was their plan to get in, I would bring more evidence than my word. If I didn't have that, I wouldn't try to cross and I'd sort that out first. Would you try to cross the border with no ID or passport? I have to agree with the first comment here that (at least as things are presented in the story) these people seem like entitled, oblivious boomers who are not taking the pandemic or a border crossing seriously. They're almost certainly getting screwed and I wish them the best, but I don't have a ton of sympathy. I'm not sure this deserves to be national news, aside from perhaps a means to educate other oblivious people trying the same.
Are you implying that common law couples don't trust each other? That is a remarkably bold and oblivious statement to make. Lots of great people don't give a shit about telling the government/church that they fuck and live together. And just in case this is where your mind will go next: I am married.
Have a look at the [StackOverflow 2020 Survey](https://insights.stackoverflow.com/survey/2020) for statistics about degrees, salaries, and geography.
[Lisa LeBlanc](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL6816E60CF16183C8). Fun story: my wife and I realized we had been eating Kraft Dinner a lot lately (a few times, which is too much). I thought it would be funny to YouTube search for Kraft Dinner and see what came up. Found Lisa LeBlanc's song "Kraft Dinner", and the album turned out to be exceptionally good. Surprise. Not sure it's the best way to learn French... but it's very French (maybe more New Brunswick than Quebecois) and I love the slang lyrics. I also love watching movies I like but with French dubbing. I don't like dubbing in general but it's good practice and translations can be pretty interesting. Just be aware that there's often both France translations and Quebec translations for big movies.
Big differences, no. People fluent in one totally understand the other, with a few quirks. However I'm only "pretty fluent" so I miss things in France French slightly more often. And I understand Quebec slang way, way better than France slang. Politicians are very easy to understand on both ends, though, as they speak formally and with less flavor. By the way, I believe Lisa LeBlanc is from another province (New Brunswick) not Quebec. Most Canadian francophones are in Quebec, but not all. Funny, as a habit I always respond in French to French comments, and English to English comments. You are confusing me ;)
&gt;However, I don't think body cam footage would be reviewed unless there is a reason for it. What about an overprotective parent who thinks a cop let their kid go despite having a joint?
&gt;Body cam = no more leniency &amp; every petty crime is met with jail time. The budget is also a concern This sounds like a good thing. Laws may change to reflect reality.
You should be confused, it's nonsensical. The real answer here is that you've not provided enough information for anyone commenting here to help you. You'll just hear people project their personal experiences onto you. Consider an edit or repost, but provide answers to these items: * what type of job do you want - where, pay, type of organization, size of organization, doing what? * what is your best project? The importance of sharing your projects depends on these (and other) factors. If you'd like to learn more about the software industry in general I highly recommend the [StackOverflow 2020 developer survey](https://insights.stackoverflow.com/survey/2020). Cheers!
A GitHub link is just one (bad) way of showing off your projects to employers. Also - it sounds to me like I would never want to work for the companies you've described. So win win I guess. &gt;entry level... but mostly because no one bothers to look for those positions anyway. You sounded pretty out of touch already, but this one sealed the deal.
Hilarious how many half-hits there are in the comments here.
All JSON are text. But not all text is JSON. For example: &gt; abc 123 /// That's not JSON. This is: &gt; {"dog":[1,2,3],"cat":"meow"} When your text (like in a simple txt file) follows the rules of JSON, different programs and programming languages can understand it. So programs and programming languages can read and write JSON, exchanging data. Or a program can write to JSON, maybe the computer shuts down or the program ends, then the program starts up again and reads the JSON. A dictionary object (like in Python) however is something held in memory as your Python program is running. You can't send your Python dictionary object to another program directly. Instead you need to decide how you want to exchange or store the data. JSON can do that. You could also use JSON, XML (HTML), Python pickle, databases, or just write your own files.
It's unclear what you're trying to do. Give a couple examples that include inputs (values of variables) and your expected output.
It's hard to say without fully understanding your project, but it seems to me that you should master the basics of HTML, JavaScript, and maybe jquery. Those three alone can handle most (possibly all) of this project. The Python side of things may be very small - like one or two Flask scripts that serve and store simple data. It seems to me like your first step here is HTML and JavaScript.
I haven't used matplotlib in awhile but the convention with these libraries is you feed your chart a new set of data to plot, then run a refresh function. So you have your first list of points, later you have a second that your feed into the chart and refresh. The trick here may be writing the code to change your data according to whatever rules you have in mind. That's a function that takes your list of points as input, and returns a new list of points as output.
Your one liner suggests to me you need to start thinking about breaking your problem apart into smaller pieces. For starters: ``` cmd=f'composite -gravity northeast -geometry +5+5 "logo.png" "{original_image}" "./data/images/{watermarked_image}.jpg"' subprocess.call(shlex.split(cmd)) ``` Next, this doesn't need to be done all in one shot. You might have one line of code to grab the dimensions of your image. Another line to create a temporary watermark image with the right dimensions (either in memory as a Python object or saved in a temporary folder), and finally use that temporary image to paste onto your image.
This is very clearly a [regex](https://docs.python.org/3/howto/regex.html) problem. Master the basics, it's worthwhile. Probably not a good idea to master the advanced features though, at least not for now. ``` import re a="""Line 1: 0 bytes on wire (0 bits), 0 bytes captured (0 bits) on interface 0 Ethernet II, Src: WesternD_08:dd:b1 (00:00:ee:08:dd:b1), Dst: IPv4mcast_7f:ff:fa (00:00:5e:7f:ff:fa) Type: IPv4 (0x0000)""" for match in re.finditer(r"([a-h0-9]{2}:){5}[a-h0-9]{2}",a): print(match) ``` output: ``` &lt;re.Match object; span=(113, 130), match='00:00:ee:08:dd:b1'&gt; &lt;re.Match object; span=(158, 175), match='00:00:5e:7f:ff:fa'&gt; ``` [This website](https://regex101.com/) will explain the regex if you paste it in: &gt;([a-h0-9]{2}:){5}[a-h0-9]{2}
Zoom is a closed source program, so you'll have to go through the [Zoom API](https://marketplace.zoom.us/docs/api-reference/introduction) and follow their rules. Like any API your first step will be setting up your keys and interacting with Zoom in some way, any way, starting with a quickstart guide which I'm sure exists. It looks web based so you'll be using the Python "requests" library.
&gt;I’m looking for a generic algorithm that works on any Dataset Not possible. I studied computer science. You need to restrict your domain a lot for this to be possible. That means defining your problem and data specifically.
&gt;I want to work with a professor in a research based environment Interesting. Almost any computer science research lab will have some of their work shared open source. It may be a good idea to find a project, find a simple bug in their issue tracker, fix it, and contribute a merge request for it. So, master the basics of git and GitLab/GitHub if you haven't already. That can be a great way to introduce yourself to a research lab. You can also mention this project when you apply to other research labs - that you've already contributed on domain relevant projects with a research lab. That's what I did at my job as [seen here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0AT7JxqoIps&amp;t=6m20s) and I ended up introducing myself to one of the most senior programmers in my building. Tons - and I mean tons - of computer science master's students don't actually have the skills to contribute meaningfully to a software project. Research labs know this.
Well you could probably have a look at the latest papers published by the lab, and look at the end if they cite any GitHub/GitLab projects as part of their research. Often a group will re-use the same projects and keep improving them to make new papers, instead of writing new projects for each paper. Projects may also be listed on web pages about the research lab, explaining what they're working on. You'll have to look at a specific university you're interested in. Maybe even email them.
No, I cannot help because you didn't answer my question. I have no idea what you're trying to do...
I'm not sure what you're trying to do. You want to make a video player, but you're looking for video players that already exist? Do you want something that runs in a browser, or something like VLC?
Sounds like a decent idea for teaching. I say this as a programmer, ex-teacher, and someone who hears a lot of bad ideas often. I think you may need to more clearly define what you want to do. If a teacher records errors made, why do you need an automated spellcheck? Do you want grammar too, or just spelling? Do you want a list of candidate fixes sorted by likelihood, or just one? What user interface do you want the teacher and students to see, what visual options? It's also important to separate your features and work on one at a time. For instance, you might completely solve the spellcheck problem but it only produces ugly console and text output. That's fine (even better), as long as it can be connected to your other systems later. If you think you may run out of steam, it's also important to pick sort yours tasks starting small you can finish and feel good about them. This helps you recharge energy to do more later. A Google search for "python spellcheck" turns up some good looking results. Maybe you can read through a few and identify features they're missing for your project, or describe how you're having trouble using them.
What is the best place to go for up to date summaries of all Montreal orders and guidance on covid restrictions, behavior, precautions?
&gt; for now at least I'll settle for whatever is most feasible to implement. Smart. This is the correct answer. If I were building this, I'd do it as a web app. Therefore you'll need to master the basics of HTML, JavaScript, probably jquery, and the Python Flask library for a backend. Emphasis on basics - this may sound like a lot but you just need to use these components, not become an expert with them. [This tutorial is a classic](https://blog.miguelgrinberg.com/post/the-flask-mega-tutorial-part-i-hello-world) that got me started with Flask, however I was already comfortable with HTML, JavaScript, and Python. The basic idea here is people will load an HTML page. The HTML text is generated by your Python Flask backend and delivered to a browser. When that HTML page runs in their browser, the JavaScript code is run which turns a boring static HTML page into something dynamic where things happen. The JavaScript sends invisible messages to your Python backend (the same one the browser spoke to to get the HTML) to get little bits of structured data from Python. The Python backend remembers the chat history and session, and runs the spellcheck code, then it exposes a web API endpoint (see "how to make a simple web API with Python Flask"). So browsers which have loaded your HTML document, can run JavaScript code, which queries the Python API endpoint for this information with a GET or POST request. This may sound more complicated than it is. The trick is just that there's a lot of tiny moving pieces, and you need to master the basics of all of them. A great start might be writing an HTML page, that uses JavaScript, to change the HTML (like adding a &lt;p&gt; text block) using data from a Python debug web server running on your local system, as a test. I hope that is helpful :o
