A wizard is never late.
They feel emboldened as the US has kowtowed to dictators over and over, and weakened its strategic alliances all over the world. It’s almost like having a coherent foreign policy committed to liberal democracy and freedoms over fascists and totalitarians means something.
Tree? I am no tree! I am an Ent!
Europe has its problems right now with Brexit and a resurgent fascist movement even in the most liberal member states. When they can afford a moment to look outward, they are focused more on Moscow and Istanbul/Damascus than Beijing, and fair enough. Yes, they can make their own decisions, but the primary military intervention, if were to come to shots fired in anger, besides Taiwan itself, would be the American Navy in the Pacific, united with joint forces from Japan and South Korea. Europe is barely a military factor in the Pacific.
Mister Meowgi!
America has always been Taiwan’s champion, and walked a very delicate line between trading with the mainland and supporting Taiwan’s process toward democracy. Without America’s backup, Taiwan is literally conquered by China in about 12 minutes. Europe literally does not have the military presence in the Pacific to back up their words against China, and everyone knows it. All they can do is make speeches and write sternly worded letters.
Sieger Hino
Just skip them to go rock climbing
When I went to Bangkok, Thailand, I saw many people who literally live in the river. Their homes are 6-24 inches underwater, depending on the time of day and how much it's rained. They are climate victims, and soon they will forced from their homes.
Good luck raising the hundreds-year old UNESCO Heritage site palaces and temples!
Is Virginia illegal?
I was making a joke about the entire state’s existence being illegal.
And now I’m mad all over again.
It’s the episode of Black Mirror
Why are you like this
There was a very significant Nazi movement in the US, and it wasn't in secret. They had a mass rally in Madison Square Garden, complete with swastikas. There were a lot of prominent American Nazis, including Henry Ford and Prescott Bush, father of George HW Bush.
You're dangerously close to defending Nazis, and you ask me if I'm pro-genocide? Get outta here. The difference is we dismiss people because of their bad ideas, and they dismiss people because of their ethnicity. You get to choose your ideas, but not your ethnicity.
Ford literally had a picture of Hitler on his desk, and Hitler had one of Ford on his. That's not "business dealings."
Don’t threaten me with a good time
Why
Antarctica has actually gathered more ice than lost in recent years. It’s the North Pole that is losing ice. Edit: I am bad at internet. This is not correct.
I stand corrected. Thanks.
Camel meat is a sizable export from Australia to the Middle East.
She kinda forgot?
Spider-Man pointing at spiderman meme
Persia has bombarded an American Infantry Army! (17 damage)
So was I. We traded prosecuting Unit 731 for their research notes. Unfortunately much of the data was garbage, so I’m retrospect it was a bad deal. But we absolutely traded the moral high ground for science.
Brave but foolish.
There was a great Dollop episode about this.
Nice
Fuck.
Well then! I believe that Lacerda pointed to Surviving Mars as an inspiration, so this is hardly surprising. Cool.
Starship Troopers was also a satire of fascism and made it very clear that this society was not a good thing.
I am most certainly not confusing the book and the movie. Either way, I’ve already ordered a new copy of the book and will be reading it in the next few weeks.
Hello there!
This is the way
Pretty sure the DJ knew there was going to be some banging after the prom.
Did you ever hear the tragedy of Darth Plagueis the Wise?
Have you been spying on me during my Tuesday evening routine?
Are you Professor Oak?
If those lions want out, that fence is not going to stop them.
What about sparked individuals becoming phyrexian?
Ok, but what if it didn’t? (Retconning intensifies)
&gt; What about those who didn't expect this to be a ternary joke? What about the droid attack on the Wookies?
This is true. Bush was on AF1 and in the air for a long time. Cheney was in the WH secure bunker directing the response and notifying his war profiteer friends that there was going to be a big opportunity coming up. There are some indications that he was responsible for Bush being in the air far longer than necessary so he could seize more power.
Do you not have phones?
Did you know that the R’s stole the state house last election? They qualified an obviously spoiled ballot, which caused a tie. Ties are broken by drawing from a hat, which they obviously won. So they held the state house by 1 vote because of that. Shenanigans.
I hate sand.
Phrasing!
Don’t threaten me with a good time
He was descended from Charlemagne.
First one, then the other
He’s gay, if that helps.
But Kenobi has the high ground
Don’t try it!
Something something broken arms.
/r/cursedcomments
/r/notopbutok
Nerf herder?
How did the Richard Simmons episode make it to air hahaha
She really is. The one time the band screwed up makes for one of the funniest bloopers on the whole show. https://youtu.be/HSdi0IE5ZJc
It’s the reason Laura messed up. She was laughing so hard at Wayne’s spelling that she flipped a switch accidentally and the beat track went double time.
Shocked_pikachuface.jpg
Boobs
Honestly refusing residence to a single person below the age range feels like age discrimination.
I did not know that age discrimination only protects upward, not downward. Thanks.
I’ll do you one better. Why is underrated?
Did you ever hear the tragedy of Darth Plagueis the Wise?
Why are you reading my dream journals please stop telling on me
This is a standard joke. I don’t have the fiat or social currency to make my own.
Dunning-Kruger suggests she is probably completely oblivious of her dumbness.
Shocked_pikachu.jpg
Worldstar!
Have you met my friend last pick Tinker in a team with Ember, Storm, Antimage, and Doom
To cats? Yeah.
Slahser is that you
They were elves, once.
General Misquoti
There’s a whole sub for people who farm freebies. /r/churning
Mooses Edit: Moosen
&gt; 9 food, 10 hammer tile Keep talking, I’m almost there hnnnngggg
Is it possible to learn this power?
Hnnnngggg
Dunno, I made about $10k last year from card and bank account bonuses. That’s real money.
I read this as Foghorn Leghorn.
You know what they say, [every girl crazy bout a sharp dressed man](https://youtu.be/7wRHBLwpASw)
This is the way.
Hmm
“I don’t stand for anything” comes to mind
The jerk store called, they're running out of you
The man is singularly unfunny. He has absolutely no sense of humor. Aside from making fun of people meanly, he does not know how to tell a joke. Similarly, he also does not know how to take a joke. Every time someone teases him about his hair, his absurdly long tie, or his inability to covfefe, he takes it personally, because he assumes that everyone else is as mean inside as he is.
Send the Renegades to a death dome
Build a stand-alone dome with a shuttle bay. Set it to prefer renegades and idiots, and all other domes to reject them. When all the undesirables have moved to their new home, turn off the shuttles and then turn off life support in the death dome.
Mom can we buy Power 9? We have Power 9 at home Power 9 at home:
If you think a death dome is expensive, wait until your renegades are burning down apartments and idiots are hurting your economy.
Is this the new more autistic version of insisting on MBBD
Hmm
Humongous chungus
Directions unclear
RIP Wash
Yar har fiddle dee dee
I think that we may have broken the game. Someone please check my sanity. I bid any outrageous number on the first tile offered, say, $10^8. I win it. Next tile, I bid an even larger number, say, $10^10, and I win it. Next tile is mine to offer, and now I say $10^12, and I win it. Either I eventually win all the tiles, which is its own kind of victory, or someone has to beat my bid, and they will have spent way more than me so all the tiles I’ve bought so far are free. How is this game not just “who can think of the biggest number?” Please talk me off the ledge.
Ok, so I have every tile and I lose. Everyone else wins with a score of 6 for spending the least? Pretty sure I won that game.
I was not aware of this thread, will take a look. I dunno, if I win all the tiles and have a total spent count of 10^8,000, I kinda feel like I’ve won.
I didn’t break any rules. Outrageous bidding is literally recommended. And I definitely had the most fun of anyone at the table. I don’t think this is griefing, I was just trying to see if the game was actually broken. I’m beginning to see that my suspicions are right.
The objective is to have the most points but not spend the most money. I’m achieving the first goal, obviously, but challenging every other player to spend more than me. Seems within both the letter and the spirit of the rules to me.
Another poster linked a BGG thread about this very topic, and seems I’m right. The counter play to this tactic is nobody bids, and I end up with every tile and lose. Remember my initial question was a gut check of “is this game broken?” It seems to me there is no counter play other than “let’s not play this game because it’s who can think of the biggest number of the first play of the game.” I’m actually not intentionally trying to throw the game. I want my first tile to be free, so I actively want someone to outbid me. So if nobody does, then I want both of my first tiles to be free, so I actively want someone to outbid me. I’m not trying to lose, each successive bid is actually rational and I actively want to lose the bidding.
Yes, the counter play our table discovered was outbidding the second bid, which limits the the damage to 1 free tile. But now we are back at “who can think of the biggest number?”
This one is amazing. It is most definitely not the biggest oversight.
Wasn’t OG Zendikar “compare your top 12 cards and see who won?” It was crazy aggressive and fast because every creature got bigger in your turn (landfall) so there was no reason to ever block.
Why
Is a hotdog a sandwich? An open faced sandwich? What about 2 slices of pizza put face to face? A taco? Ice cream sandwich? Calzone? Soup bowl? (By the way, the correct answer to all of these is yes.)
This debate was hottest in the mid-2010s and numerous articles were written in that time period. Freakonomics had an episode on it way back in something like 2012. It’s a settled economic issue: buying local actually makes things worse, not better.
You have the right approach to life, and I respect your willingness to change your mind. Absolutely fine to not know things, nobody can be an expert in every topic. Not fine to not change your mind when presented with facts or dig in for ideological reasons.
You look like Theon Greyjoy, after he got tortured and his dick cut off.
What if at the beginning of the game, before the draft, both teams knew what items will drop in the game? Both teams could have different items or the same items, I’m not sure if we have to have them be the same for it to be balanced.
#HJÖNK
I spend tons of hours in creative mode perfecting my designs. It is truly a thing of beauty to deploy it in a real game, watch bots build it, and then have it function as designed. But most of the time theres something wrong with the design so it’s back to creative mode.
/r/garlicbreadmemes
Directions unclear
Not to ruin your meme, but the 1 child policy was actually extremely effective at controlling Chinese population growth.
Estimates suggest ~200-400 Million (!) births were prevented. Are you suggesting there are hundreds of millions of unregistered Chinese?
? Latest numbers from 2018 are 564M rural, 813M urban. That’s 59% urban. Even if there really are 100M unregistered rural people, that’s still 55% urban. Maybe it’s time to stop spouting nonsense.
There were huge fines and tax penalties and all kinds of social ostracism for second+ children. Only well to do people could afford to have more than 1.
You know that the 1 child policy ended in 2015 right? At that time, the numbers were 771M urban, 603 rural (56% urban). Jesus Christ.
Gonna need some data there friend. Everything I’ve seen says that it prevented between 200-400M births, which compounds to ~600-700M when considering the descendants of those people who would have been born by today. That’s an enormous number of people not born, seems pretty effective to me. Your evidence?
Mitch McConnell is not a Boomer. He’s actually older than that, he’s too old to be a boomer. He was born in 1942, which makes him Silent Generation. Also, hello there!
It was so successful that China now has a graying population and not enough young people to support the coming retiree tsunami. Estimates suggest 200-400M prevented births, which compounds to 600-700M people not alive today when including the descendants of those people. That seems pretty effective to me. It certainly created problems with gender at first, but you should know that it was pretty quickly amended to allow 2 kids if the first was a girl, which helped a bit. 40M more men than women of marrying age is very significant and has led to a diaspora of Chinese men going to Europe, South Asia, and Africa, but that is beside the point. The policy was wildly effective.
Dollar store Meth Barbie
A storage at 0 will accept locally but not request globally. Often used for temporary storage of factory outputs to be moved to permanent storage. A storage set at a number will request when below that number and provide when above. I use a requester at max to provide fuel to the polymer factories, and a supplier storage set at 0 to provide the outputs to the network. I also use a supplier set at max to provide food to domes. Max so it’s always full when dust storms prevent shuttles for long periods of time.
Are you the Pyro from TF2? Hudda hudda hud!
Our chief weapon is H1, H1 and N1!
Sigh, which one of you degenerates is going to call the bot?
It’s a trick, send no reply
&gt; on the fly 🤔
I wouldn’t be impressed until he made 2 and a couple board games too.
https://images.app.goo.gl/PJ6hrJEDMnBg243L7
FEBTOBAH
Be happy, my local cinema is $18 a seat
In my hedgerow? Don’t be alarmed
Yar har fiddle dee dee
My teeth hurt now if I eat anything 3 degrees off body temperature
This is the way.
/r/siegerhino
The documentary Futurama says that you will succeed.
Might be good enough when Polukranos, Unchained rotates
&gt; orgies /r/holup
Bro job! Bro job! Bro job!
Lawful evil, as opposed to chaotic evil.
Ah fuck, I can’t believe you’ve done this.
That’s gonna be a Oof from me dawg
7 hours is 420 minutes
I love Horchata. He is the best kitty.
Socks
Imagine being this confident
Working as intended
WOW
I will make it legal.
Everybody panic! Buy all the milk and bread!
/r/cursedmeasurements
Kirkland Signature Ted Cruz in the middle
There are some advantages of this. The train car acts as a teleporter as items put into it are accessible by inserters all along its length, instantly.
New mod sounds great
Trashy is as trashy does
Thatsmyfetish.jpg
That’s numberwang!
They had us in the first half, not gonna lie
Pst yo dawg you’re doing it wrong, Soros is paying us
You will not go to space today.
I don’t think anybody dislikes Daisy. She is clearly a likable actor in real life and was heartbroken that people didn’t like her movies. It’s a lot like GoT. We love all the actors but a shit writing team ruined it for everyone.
/r/beholdthemasterrace
These guys knew each other for easily 20 years. If Geoff had a problem with it Nick wouldn’t have done it.
He has killed other people as a cop. He slept soundly that night, job well done. Bury him beneath the prison.
He wants to call in the Army, which is under his control.
Except T is on the record that he wants the Army to get involved. The whole point of the article is that that is illegal, but also T has consistently shown his utter disdain for any limits on his power.
I said no homo so it’s ok
I would take the food items and start playing chess against myself. Maybe try to invent a board game.
I heard that someone said he is the least racist person, okay? 🙄
Back to work, wage slaves.
The Department of Justice is rapidly becoming the Ministry of Love.
Defaulting to the male form is hardly neutral.
The trick is to miss the ground.
&gt; I see wheat you did there
The beatings will continue until morale improves.
Hello there
Pst, thought you should know...acupuncture (and alternative medicine in general) is not medicine. It has no measurable positive effect but does present risks like skin infections and covid. Dr Steven Novella has written extensively on this topic at Science Based Medicine.
Ok bunker boomer baby
And “The Instructions” landing on “Just Read the Instructions”
Dat 0gpt garrison bonus
Every Christian you can convince to vote against him is a vote for moral change in this country. Godspeed.
10/10 most intimidating mascot
And yet evangelicals are consistently his strongest voting bloc. Something is clearly not connecting.
You don’t have to convince me. I don’t believe, but I’ve read the Bible 3 times cover to cover. I suspect that’s more than 99% of people who identify as evangelical.
Was the French Revolution a good thing? It’s too early to tell...
Don’t forget to blame your predecessor!
Mission achomlished?
The voter fraud was coming from inside the White House!
Yeah and they need to be more easily recognizable so maybe we could get them some brown colored uniform shirts.
The violent fascists want violence? *Shocked pikachu*
Lock him up!
Much (all?) of the waste and bureaucracy is due to insurance. So eliminate the whole concept with a single payer.
As an atheist, just our luck. The most obviously atheistic president in living memory is also the worst president of all time.
I was told there would be good apples.
I’m in this picture twice and I don’t like it
I’m told that to stop bad guys with guns we need good guys with guns?
I am one with the force and the force is with me
Because the rioters are in many cases false flag right wingers, and in other cases the actual good apple protestors have turned over rioters to law enforcement. Compare and contrast to this nypd case, where everyone involved beat up on the guy, even after they were subdued. Or when Chauvin killed a dude over almost 9 minutes and 3 cops stood by and watched.
It’s possible that people who’ve had a coronaviral cold are partially or fully immune to covid. This may go a long way to explaining why so many people are asymptomatic carriers. It also suggests a new path for vaccine development, and is encouraging evidence that a future covid vaccine could work.
There are a number of videos of people breaking windows and looting, and then later matched up with their media profiles, and turns out they are MAGA heads. The “antifa” twitter account advocated for violence...and then it turns out it was run by Identity Evropa, a right wing white nationalist group. Not sleeper agents. False flags. The right has been accusing the left of false flags for years, but it turns out that they were doing it all along.
It’s a quote from A New Hope. Luke says it the first time he sees the Falcon.
Cross-reactivity seems potentially possible but by no means guaranteed. Might work the other way around too, there was a SARS-CoV1 vaccine that was looking pretty promising but research was halted because the disease was eliminated with no new cases since 2005 (maybe late 2004). The closely related MERS vaccine has failed in clinical trials, however, so I’d take all of this with a very large grain of salt.
Are we great yet?
Trashy is as trashy does.
Lock him up! And make Mexico pay for it!
Yeah, the Democratic Party is so powerful that it can enlist China, France, the UK, the WHO, and literally every other country on earth, friendly or hostile alike, to....create a story to damage the president. And not, like, just remove him and put someone else in charge. Cool. Cool cool cool.
And are kinda bland and nondescript to look at. I will never understand fashion.
It’s the airbud rule: there’s no rule against convicted murderers becoming president
Hopefully not this time. We have to separate the AG/prosecutor’s office from the police. They’re too close.
They did all vote to remove him, and even got the first person in US history to vote to remove a president of their own party. Democrat “conspiracies” don’t work, because there aren’t any democrat conspiracies. They do their work above the table, where it belongs. They can’t get rid of guns, because of republicans. They tried extremely hard after a guy shot up an elementary school and little kids died. You know who stopped it? John Boehner and Mitch McConnell. Weird thing about those guys, they’re not democrats. Literally nobody in the Democratic Party wants sharia law. You know who does? Republicans, only Christian law, not Islamic. Fuck off.
"That's Latin for liar!"
Now there are 11 of them!
Interestingly, this matches up with covid being more deadly to men than women. Curious if this explains the difference or if there’s additional contributors.
5 years after Nixon resigned, it was very difficult to find a single person who would cop to voting for him, even though he won in a landslide. In 10 years I think the same will be true for T.
Pretty sure pikemen get bonus attack against cavalry
I can’t be racist, I have black friends *and* I’m dyslexic
The D-K effect is more subtle than that. It’s a U-shaped curve, but the right side is lower than the left. So the people who are actually most skilled are less confident than the people who have no skill, which explains a lot about the world.
The Republican mind is truly deranged. In their conspiracy addled worldview, democrats are simultaneously so powerful that they enlisted China, Italy, South Korea, Iran, and every other country in the world, friendly or hostile alike, to engage in a hoax to damage the president, but also so weak they couldn’t just arrest him to remove him from power and install someone else.
I was told there would be good apples.
Rich people cheat on taxes? *shocked pikachu*
As long as the GOP has 41 senators, DC will never gain statehood. Same for Puerto Rico, which is odd because it’s not clear that PR would go blue.
Not achomlishments?
NPR is publicly funded. T and congress can shut them down. They absolutely have to walk a careful line. Inviting firebrand guests on is them taking a stand, and rightly so. Let the guest make the case.
If they’re budget were zeroed out you gotta imagine there will be some chaos. They can’t take that risk without an exit plan lined up.
10/10 good boy
Not black, but I get asked "so where are you from?" California. "no, where are you really from?" on a regular basis.
Is it possible to gain this power?
Tone it down there are kids on the internet
It’s the migrant caravan of 2020.
So edgy
Terrible things? I thought we liked the younglings scene?
I was told there would be good apples
Jadwiga: you guys are living long lives?
&gt; I’ll pouch for you
Nice
Bottom text
I’m in this picture and I don’t like it.
T won in those states by fewer votes than third party candidates got. Voting for a third party is as bad as not voting, people.
You require more Vespene Gas.
We can walk and chew gum at the same time. We are protesting these issues in the US because we claim to be a free nation. China doesn’t pretend to be free, so while their human rights abuses are as bad if not worse, they feel less salient. But they are still also monstrous atrocities and should be opposed vigorously.
If this is news to you, you’ve not been paying attention. What do you think Deep State meant all along?
Not, like, one or two. Thousands. Many were taken down a few years ago when this was a hot topic, and lots more have come down these last 2 weeks. Also, Richmond, the capital of the confederacy, had a street with a bunch of them. It’s called Monument Row. They added a statue of the biggest black hometown hero they could find, a B-list tennis player, as if that would make it better. All of the confederate monuments have been defaced these last weeks.
Incorrect. The Deep State was anybody in the government who would do their job and stand up to the fascists at the top. Almost all of them have retired, been fired, or left at this point. The brain drain of career professional public servants is one of the biggest scandals and will leave permanent damage to this country. The silent competence of these nameless professionals will be missed greatly.
They might be a little busy with their own problems, but I’m sure they’ve heard of him.
To impress a chick, helicopter dick.
Either that, or in 10 years it will be hard to find a single person who admits supporting him. 10 years after Nixon resigned, it was really hard to find anyone who would cop to have voted for him, despite him having won in a massive landslide. Much will be decided in the 5 years after he leaves the office. We must focus on exposing all of the myriad wrongdoing once he can no longer control the narrative. The difference this time is that the internet exists, and we’ll be able to name and shame the people who blindly supported the wannabe fascist. The internet does not forget.
Not in criminal cases. They can in civil cases.
If that tub of moldy margarine is under 275 pounds I’ll eat a shoe.
Imagine being ignorant enough to think this, and confident enough to post it.
He will do it right after hannity gets water boarded.
It’s been happening every day for 2 weeks now.
Ignorance of the law is no excuse, unless you’re law enforcement, in which case it is. This is some clowny third world nonsense. Thanks, Republicans.
I want to know if he’s tried for 14
Yeah gotta leave room for if the aluminum spoils
Especially later in the summer
Blue and black, fight me
It’s got what vaginas crave!
And now the word “box” is losing its meaning. How do you even spell box anyway?
And then Windows
He would have confused Aleppo and SCOTUS judge Alito who backs his every move.
Son you cruisin for a bruisin
*shocked pikachu*
How johan get pragnant
And now for something completely different
“Ok but what about black on black and white on white violence” 🙄
He’s still making magic art for collectors. He’s selling remakes of sylvan library on Facebook. It’s not great.
The artist is an unrepentant Nazi. It’s rough.
My bingo sheet has “says N——-r with a hard r”
Remember when 1R would buy you a 2/2 that couldn’t block properly and you’d still play it and win tournaments with it?
I will only be satisfied when the results are in and T is defeated by 80 points in Louisiana.
I’m into it. I’m all for artists making money and they are a big part of making the game what it is.
Not sure if I get to say this as I’m not black, but I don’t think I’m out of line here: of all the Toms, she’s the Unclest, and Ben Carson exists.
Are you okay?
Trump and white supremacy
This exact logic is how we got where we are.
/r/angryupvote
Sorta, not true. Individually every hair is still growing at the same rate, but the rate of the hairs falling out matches the rate of growth. Hairs on your head fall out much slower so they can grow to be a lot longer on average before they fall out.
Yes and no. Yes, almost all people who call themselves republicans support him, but fewer people call themselves Republican now. A combination of boomers dying, low recruitment among young people, and moderates fleeing the party has eroded the party’s share of national vote.
And the childrendalorian too
[citation needed]
Me: can barely figure out how to match inputs and outputs to make a respectable Beaconized factory This guy: about to create Strong AI in Factorio
I actually love the woman (not sure if she’s also the person doing the filming). So condescending for a genuine shitbag who deserved worse. Nothing emasculates one of these wannabe tough guys than being humiliated publicly by a woman. Outstanding trolling. “We’re bonded now” oh god my sides
The whole scandal is more or less out in the open now, though nothing has been fully fact checked. Once the scandal is out, the blackmail is lifted and T has no more leverage. Lady G will have nothing to lose very soon.
From the places where the black people live, 18 votes and 30 bags of shredded paper! And from the unpopulated farms, 8 billion votes for Trump! Thank you, very cool!
The yellow on black contrast really reminds me of the Watchmen series, which was amazing (and centrally focused on race)
Listen!
/r/angryupvote
I feel personally attacked
Ned? Ned Ryerson?
I was told that avocado toast was holding us all back. Well, nobody had any avocado toast, but still none of my friends are homeowners???
Ivankubine is a vapid airhead with no skills or morality. She is Dunning-Kruger personified: supremely ignorant and surpassingly confident.
I’m onto you, Tywin Lannister.
Because of obi-wan?
Not quite that bad, yet. 911 killed just shy of 3000. We’ll be right around the 100x mark by election day, which will be a grim reminder of who to vote for.
How did Idaho end up as the preferred home for Nazis? Coeur d’alene is also full of Nazis.
My mistake. My point stands, why is that region the nazi homeland now?
Then again, full art lands have been very popular.
I’d be looking around for his dom telling him to go buy some chicken broth like a dirty little manslut.
The man who renounced his past, condemned the Klan, and worked to end it?
Meowssion possible.
Can’t have a second wave if the first wave never ends *taps forehead*
He’s not a flag bearer, he’s a standard bearer.
Task failed successfully.
It is tradition for everyone in a senior position, political or not, to tender their resignation effective at noon on Jan 20. I suspect some of the shitheads will refuse to do so this time.
I was told that this was a Chinese hoax.
4head
He’s not the messiah, he’s a very naughty boy!
You mean yeehaw Skyrim?
Chris Wray’s been keeping his head down but apparently a bunch of WH people hate his guts
Not a *bust* of Dolly Parton?
We at /r/freefolk do not kneel.
Judging by his poll numbers, about half of US whites like white supremacists or are one.
We’ve been in a digital civil war for years now. We’re seeing the early days of it turning into a shooting war. This could escalate.
You're supposed to be the president, you goddamn thick selfish prick! You're supposed to represent all of us, not just the people who voted for you. Go fuck yourself.
Unfortunately, the most segregated communities are actually in Northern cities, which are noted liberal strongholds. Cities like Boston, New York, Chicago, Minneapolis are extremely segregated, to the point where entire schools are a single ethnic group. In the South, that would be pretty unusual. All this is to say, it's super complicated.
I will not be satisfied until the votes are counted and he loses Louisiana by 80 points.
Scunthorpe problem.
Stacy’s mom has nothing going on
Mix in some Drake and you got yourself a spicy political meme
Yeah for a bunch of people who tell black people to let the past go, they sure seem to be completely unable to let the past go.
Oh let’s not pretend like Mike Pence wouldn’t have done this. Hell, he might be the reason for this. That said, fuck Collins and everyone else who voted no on impeachment.
[Visible confusion]
Huzzah! A man of quality!
They’re surprisingly a lot like riding a snowboard, if you’ve ever done that.
Well yes, but also no
Mostly because you need a security clearance.
Oh no now I can’t unsee the trench run. They came from...behind!
I don’t want to hear any more about Obi-Wan
Same for me, but for the $300 Beta NM Black Lotus in the comic store. Mom said that was irresponsible and put my money in a savings account. It earned like $4 in interest over the next 10 years before I took the account over.
Pretty sure this is blessed
The janitor would have access to things like the president’s toothbrush. If they could be turned by a foreign hostile power they could poison the president. So they have to pay them well enough that they can’t be bribed.
That last point is crucial. In general, do the thing nobody else is doing. You’ll likely have less competition for the resources, actions, or space that you want. If you must compete for something, adopt the US Army’s strategy in WWII: be firstest with the mostest.
Death by snoo snoo
Obama putting medal on Obama meme
Blessed\_scale
Because it’s Mango Mussolini’s birthday and people are trolling him.
Check Fantasy flight, they have a lot of weird sleeves for their games which have lots of tiny cards.
Upboob
It’s shorthand for “the poll could not statistically exclude the null hypothesis,” which not only is too wordy for a headline, but also too jargony. Half of people who have taken a statistics course don’t know what that means, let alone the lay public.
Mace is literally the only Jedi who can utilize form 7 without turning Sith.
Too little too late. Even if they try jump ship, we should tie every one of them to the mast. Should be the easiest ads to make, since they all (save Mittens) voted to keep him in office only 6 months ago.
Want to know how I know you didn’t watch Revenge of the Sith?
Darth Nihilus, Lord of Hunger, ate the populations of entire planets simply because he was hungry.
Mace’s death is canon. So unless they retcon again, he’s dead and there will not be a new line of Jedis using form 7.
Cheeto Benito is another great name. I love mangoes too but nobody is supposed to have that skin tone.
Subscribe
Pretty sure he has the best genes, he said so himself 🙄
There’s two schools of thought...
Roberts has a reputation (earned or no is a matter for debate) for respect for precedent. His vote in Obergefell aside, since that case was decided the way it was, he sees his role as to consider it as settled law. The game for liberals is to remind him of precedent.
Reminds me of the amazing opening to The Newsroom: https://youtu.be/bIpKfw17-yY
Now watch this car crash!
Are you talking about the totally not-Nazi Henry Ford?
I don’t wanna leave the Congo
It’s a “heads I win, tails you lose” argument. If there’s no law, complain that this should have been a law. If there is a law, say it’s unconstitutional. It’s disingenuous, don’t believe the spin.
Yo is she single?
The Maryland Ren Fest has they and they are the bomb diggity. Goes perfectly with a glass of mead.
The military serves his office, not him. If he is voted out, the command officers will not hesitate to disregard all of his flailing orders the moment he is no longer president. Unfortunately the enlisted guys may see things differently.
We’re back in beta!
Did you ever reject the null hypothesis so hard you became the destroyer of worlds?
Free game no bitching
Honestly, T is kinda the most obviously atheist president we’ve had in 100 years. Just our luck that he’s also the worst, and cynically uses religion for political gain.
If we don’t do colonoscopies nobody will die of colon cancer
Incumbent presidents are always a favorite to win re-election.
I dunno, whatever Jayne did on the ship.
I sense a plot to destroy the baby Maulda
Demonstrably false. Liberals are the least likely demo to vote.
Vanilla extract is also undrinkable. The flavor is overwhelming.
I know what you mean but also the Kardashians exist.
Why are you like this
Bruh
Splice, arcane, soul shift were all unplayable outside of block. Pauper didn’t exist back then. It was also kind of a victim of coming right after OP mirrodin block and right before well loved Ravnica.
They see me Rick rollin’ They hatin’
*Shocked pikachu*
Ok but at least we’re great now right? 😬
So that’s what you want to do today? Fight?
FBI, open up
Nice investigation you got there. Terrible shame if you had to wait 6 months and pay me $29.99 for it.
Another Friday night firing coming right up
Does anyone actually find value in their profession, other than the paycheck?
Someone call Arnold, we got some True Lies over here need taking care of.
Bovines kill a lot of humans. Not sure if top 3 but certainly up there.
This headline fails to mention that T is also old as sin. He’s 74, that’s 3 years younger than Biden. Hardly a spring chicken, and his health is declining in an extremely obvious way.
Actually instructions quite clear in this case
You mean the talk show host from Joker?
Remind me, who's the president and which party is in charge of everything except for 1/2 of 1 of the 3 branches of government?
Directions unclear
Art of the deal, folks
You took what, like 10 minutes to write this? Season 8 took 2 years.
Under His Eye.
His shadow looks like a penis.
She’s really funny.
You forgot “stop testing and cases will drop to 0”
Yousa in big sausage dis time
Those are stereotypically African colors for flags because those are the colors of Ethiopia’s flag. Ethiopia stood against colonizers for years and successfully repelled Italy in WWII. After WWII, when the various African states gained independence, they looked to Ethiopia for inspiration.
Gru meme: in terms of responsibility I take no responsibility
Coronapalooza in t-minus 2-3 weeks
Your line was “they speak English in What?”
Oh that Coronapalooza is happening right now. Completely separate in time, as it will be nearing the end of that spike when this one starts.
There are, however, underlying genetic differences (eg blood types and sickle cell) that may cause differences in disease susceptibility. There’s some evidence that blood types are involved in covid deaths.
He has the dexterity of the average 18 month old! He’s a big boy and now you know it too. Vote Republican 2020. 🙄
Pay your mortgage down because all asset classes are at all time highs and all indications point to impending collapse. So don’t be the biggest idiot left holding the bag.
Ivankubine
Call an ambulance...but not for me
The actual swarming-with-rocks areas of the solar system are the Trojan and Greek asteroids. Those areas are much smaller, and in total are about as much mass as the entire asteroid belt. Still nowhere near as dense as Star Wars, but much more dense than the asteroid belt as a whole.
Why is nobody talking about the excessive amount of makeup that rubbed off onto his collar?
Right, so exactly what should we expect to change?
Will we always be angry about that sentence? Snape: Always.
Domino meme: Smallest domino: JRR wanting to create a cool language to speak with his close friends and not be bored in WWI trenches Biggest domino: the creation of an entire filmmaking industry in New Zealand including Oscar-winning Jojo Rabbit
www.niceme.me
I’m into it.
Well it didn’t create the film industry there, as there had already been a number of films created there (most notably the Xena series). But it involved so many people (something like 10% of the population) that it was jet fuel to a small industry. So many people learned the craft as part of LotR that they became a major filmmaking powerhouse.
Right, in 10-20 years we should expect to see some big names who learned their craft in that series.
It’s not unreasonable to say that maybe Xena and the other existing infrastructure and expertise was required for LotR to be a success. You don’t stand up a billion dollar film with nobody knowing how to do anything. That said, surely we can agree that LotR poured some serious rocket fuel on an existing small industry.
My other favorite showbiz related one is how Star Trek Voyager made Barack Obama president.
My bad, you’re right. Edited.
The only thing surpassing how sore a winner he is, is how sore a loser he is.
For a man who is singularly unhumorous and has never been known to laugh at a joke at his own expense, he sure tells a lot of jokes!
Chukkkle hut
Fair enough, I was exaggerating for humor purposes.
Sounds like a slam dunk to me. Hope she’s okay, and that she gets properly compensated for her rights being violated.
&gt; Always last minute I see they hired my last boss
You know, I had a lot of stereotypes about NASCAR, and some of them have been challenged these last few days.
This headcanon gives Mace's instruction to Anakin to sit tight even more meaningful. He wanted Anakin to show his patience and humility to let others take care of the problem.
Part of it must be that they’re right there, literally inches away.
Natty Ice is to PBR as PBR is to beer
I still think the concentration camps of desperate would-be refugees are more maliciously and needlessly cruel. The failed pandemic response is more a reflection of incompetence than malice.
Also, bartenders tend to be witty and adept at verbal sparring. Billionaires, even (especially?) fake ones, most excel at eating caviar and being told yes.
Because Democracy demands the people have a choice. It is a small price to pay.
No this is Patrick Patrick
Tell me, what color crayon is your favorite flavor?
Imagine actually being this ignorant and also confident enough to post this in public.
Like what’s the capital of Zaire? I don’t know that shit! I’m keeping it real! Keeping it real...Real dumb! Edit: was this not a Chris Rock reference? I was sure it was.
But who did we kill? The Roger, or the Roger?
“We will teach the world our peaceful ways...by force!” - Bender
Top 10 pictures taken immediately before disaster
Several of my favorite boobs were one-time only offers.
Yo maybe you’re not American but we got one right now
“The founders of this nation didn’t intend for blacks to have the right to nominate judges” -Constitutional originalists, probably
/r/beholdthemasterrace
It’s one gold bar, Michael. What is it worth, ten dollars?
We have trained him wrong, as a joke.
Surprisingly, Hispanics can be quite conservative, despite the right wing hatred of immigration, speaking Spanish, and general racism. May have something to do with a heavy Catholic influence.
https://youtu.be/GyV_UG60dD4
I have only one. Weird.
Edit: bad joke, worse team name. Change it.
Yo what’s a stroopwafel
Hey wait, you’re not OP! This guys a big fat phony!
I actually did not know that. I withdraw the joke and will edit it.
A virus so deadly that China covered it up...but also so innocuous that we should also just ignore it and not wear masks while we fill arenas to chant MAGA.
Not true! Bat wings are actually hands, and the spindly supports are actually their fingers! Bird wings are built from the upper arm and forearm bones. This difference is a key argument for bats having evolved flight independently from birds.
\*shocked pikachu\*
We will double our efforts!
Just because you are bad guy, does not mean you are *bad guy.*
For a group named for empowering men to not care about what women think, they sure yell about what women think a whole lot.
Deutsche, I'm looking at you ಠ\_ಠ
Authority is not given you to deny The Return of the King, Steward!
Do you think OP is worried about throughout?
Historically, almost all casualties of combat were inflicted in retreat. A battle might have a few dozen or hundred killed and wounded, but when the losing army broke and ran, cavalry would inflict thousands of casualties. Chasing a fleeing army is when you did the most damage. See: the Franco-Anglo retreat from the Battle of the Frontiers in WWI, and the German pursuit
What about imright.com
My Virginia employer has committed to WFH this entire calendar year. Get it together, Texas.
Thanks for standing still (w/g)anker!
Science doesn’t have any answers it’s all lies from the pit of hell. Y’all need some Jesus. /s because that’s how the internet works now
#HJÖNK
Get a load of Bendy McStretchalot over here
They’re definitely having waffles every anniversary, and it’ll be funny every time.
Imagine a virus so deadly that China had thousands of dead and hid it, but also so innocuous that we should just walk around without masks and chanting MAGA in indoor arenas.
The mean blood sugar here is over 300.
In 10 years, it willl be very hard to find anyone who cops to have voted for him. Too bad for them, the Internet is forever.
The Chad Voodoo Mask vs the Virgin Blitz Knuckles
He just wants people to worship him. He was never about serving the people, he wants the people to serve him. That’s why he is so desperate to have his rallies, that was the only part of being president he actually enjoyed. I have never said this about anyone before, but I hope he’s miserable.
Got em
Yo you got your Arab stereotypes crossed. That’s Saudi you’re thinking of.
Doesn’t look like anything to me
Pst it’s a line from Westworld.
It’s literally a meme get your shit together
Arab spring was literally almost a decade ago. At that time, gay marriage wouldn’t be legal in the US for another 4 years.
Let’s not get overly excited. Roberts is an arch conservative, but he can be shamed. He still has some respect for precedent, unlike his conservative colleagues. He’s also a crazy person. Just appears less so because there are even more crazy people on his right. The path for liberals is to shame him constantly and continually until Thomas dies or resigns, then we can have reason again.
Quite a lot, actually. Egypt has had 2 major political realignments since the Arab spring, with the current president/dictator el-Sisi ruling since 2014. Civil rights continues to be a hot topic and violations certainly continue, but it is relatively safe for tourists. They actively want your tourism dollars and will treat you very well. When global travel is safe again from disease I hope to visit.
It’s a fucked up sentence about white women. It’s called the 14 Words.
Is your factory not growing? I’m afraid that’s illegal, you need to come with us. /r/factorio beckons
I looked at that out of morbid curiosity for about 12 seconds and now I feel stupider
Not since LBJ, I think.
Oh oh I know this one, call on me coach! "That's a nasty question, you're a terrible reporter and you're fake news!" *satisfied smirk as he calls on Breitbart for his daily ball washing* Nailed it.
Imagine a bio weapon so bad it only kills 2% of the population, while ebola, smallpox, and tuberculosis all exist.
The fact that they look like this is, have repulsive personalities and no self respect, is what makes them completely isolated by society. Nobody wants to interact with them, so the only way they can find community is with other people like them. And naturally they’re mad about stuff, so they end up in hate groups.
Excuse me but Dolly Parton exists
What is JQ?
I said this in a different thread too, but the mean blood sugar here is easily over 300.
I want to add that quantum chemistry is actually quantum physics, not chemistry. Merkel is literally a quantum physicist. The number of people who can understand, let alone do, that work is probably a few thousand worldwide. She is very, very smart.
Crossy frog, like flappy bird but with more 1981.
And yet millions of humans refuse to wear masks despite the very predictable rising rates of disease.
