I'm sure that's not it, just because I played pretty consistently for a fairly long period of time. It would've connected to the internet in between a lot of these achievements.
They're definitely superior to melee classes in almost every single way. They do more damage, from outside most enemies aggro range, faster, safer, with less skill required, and less possible counterplay (objectively. you try parrying a soul spear). This isn't really an "unpopular opinion" so much as just false.
Bro, I can't help but wonder whether you were playing the Chinese bootleg copy Unlit Spirits. You could at least try to get the names right.
&gt;By lock you in a mean literally you are locked into it, you cannot get out. Their are boss who can spear you like Ornstein but it is not a combo if you get me it is an extremely telegraphed attack that if you dodge you are fine, If you get hit by the first part of Ornstein's spear attack, you will be hit by the second. There's no difference here aside from the made-up one you've decided in your head.
The -1 charisma merchant is that shady back-alley drug dealer.
&gt;If every enemy attacking you has collision with one another and can't attack you through each other (i.e. a spear going directly through an enemy between you), there is no logical reason to make a special exception for bosses that disobeys the rule set by the rest of the game. (Enemy attacks collide and cant pass through each other.) Every enemy in the game can attack through other enemies. I was talking about wall collision, as was the user before me. &gt;If we're just talking he's off screen because he's behind you and you aren't paying attention (focusing too much on smough, etc. ) thats one thing. There's no difference here. No matter why he's off screen, if you get killed by him because you're not paying attention, that is entirely on you.
I really don't understand where you guys are finding all these people. I visited family and friends during the holidays, they noticed my weight loss, I explained CICO and avoiding animal products. And not *once* did I ever get anyone try to argue with me about it. It's pretty much always just "oh thats pretty cool" and then everybody moves on.
Stability is the primary stat on a shield. It's the reason that if you block a hit from Smough with Havel's shield it will take, like, a chip of your stamina but if you block the same attack with a wooden shield it will probably blow through the block and hit you.
Artificially limiting the game to one system does not make that system better. PC would run the game better in every single way if it were not so artificially limited. Give it 10 years and PC *will* run the game better in every single way, console exclusive or not.
"Seeing" and "watching" and other words like that are used a lot in English, and blind people use them too. Blind people can absolutely "watch the game" and some will refer to it exactly that way entirely seriously. You're overthinking it bruh
And then burn the DM's house down
RAW, no you can't take it. If you ask your DM, yeah you can probably take it. not sure what else you expect us to say
&gt; If, for some reason I can't currently fathom, someone needed to know my actual IQ, I would go by the score I got in elementary school, because I trust that test was conducted by someone trained and licensed. You would remember that score? I was also tested in elementary school, and I literally could not recall my score if my life depended on it.
It was the original meaning of the word "gank." It literally means "gang kill." As in, you teamed up on a lone enemy. MOBAs have sorta shifted the term to mean attacking someone in a different position from your normal expected position.
You're telling it to the wrong people. Most of the people who see LoK for the garbage that it is have been chased off by the hardcore LoK fans that hang around here. This particular subreddit probably has the highest concentration of LoK fans anywhere on the internet.
Oh boy, well, let me go for a couple things most people haven't said already. 1. Wan is wrong almost every step of the way. He is not a good character morally. Everything he does is morally wrong. He is stupid and whiny and unlikeable and *definitely* evil. He's not even interesting. He just steals and kills(and/or mutilates, it's a bit unclear) people because he feels like it. Because fuck society, man! 2. The spirits are wrong almost every step of the way. As much as the show tries to paint the spirits as victims, all they ever were was bullies. The humans just tried to survive and the spirits were bloodthirsty maniacs for no reason. So you've got a story where an unlikeable villain succeeds in siding with the bad guys AND, on a completely unrelated but simultaneous note, dooms the entire world. Wan is the main villain of his own origin story. That would be fine if he weren't portrayed as the good guy.
No I'm well aware. I'm talking about this particular court case.
I would not even mind. That's awesome.
I think you're smoking weed bruh
It appears to be [this person](https://www.redbubble.com/people/goldenlegend/portfolio/recent). They put up a shirt with that same image [here](https://www.redbubble.com/people/goldenlegend/works/9695689-enlightenment?p=t-shirt).
&gt;their fur which hosts ticks, fleas, and other critters. That's not really a fair complaint. Your fur also hosts ticks, fleas, and other critters if you don't take care of it.
I was hoping it would be a dwarf fortress contraption.
Holy fuck thats awesome
Getting so ridiculous that it's not even believable anymore? We jumped the shark when the election came down to Clinton vs Trump.
&gt;I live with one and have grown up with them, you idiot. Ah, so because you're a shitty owner you end up with a flea-ridden dog constantly. That makes sense. Not everybody has that problem, though.
You went out of your way to personally attack me for stating my opinion just because it happened not to align with your opinion. That seems like fairly straightforward bullying to me.
Okay. You can believe that if you want. It's clear you've already made up your mind, not like anything I say is gonna change it.
So the thing is, historically you would get b12 by drinking unfiltered water, like out of streams and such. However, nowadays, we don't drink unfiltered water. So we need to use supplements.
That works too. One of 'em.
hahaha what
I agree, that was my entire point. The image you linked is pretty much useless for comparison between characters.
Personally, I don't hope she suffers for poor decisions made when her brain is still developing. That's just me, though.
Unrelated to the topics at hand, could I ask you some questions about what that entails? What sort of licensing / training / whatever do you need where you are, for example?
Well that settles that, I suppose.
You're making a lot of assumptions and putting a whole lotta words in my mouth, bud All I said is that just because it could plausibly happen in real life doesnt mean it has any place in a story
How dare those females exist! You tell 'em, OP!
She's certainly cruel, but I don't think she's a psychopath. I think she's good at suppressing empathy, I don't think she lacks it entirely. It seems like she genuinely cares about some people close to her. Particularly Mai and Ty Lee, and her father. Which is why she came apart so thoroughly when all three betrayed her. She was okay after the first two, but entirely reliant on Ozai staying beside her. The reason I say that is really some of the interactions in The Beach. In particular, there's one part where Azula gets frustrated with Ty Lee and just kind of verbally tears her apart, which then makes Ty Lee cry. Azula then admits fault, says she was jealous, and gets her to calm down. It's completely out of character for pretty much everything she does involving anyone else in the show. She *never* admits fault, because rarely, in her mind, is there any fault to admit. But apparently making Ty Lee cry is too far. I think she would have been perfectly normal if raised differently and I think, despite everything, there's still plenty of opportunity for her to be normal.
Fun fact. I once played against this guy, poked fun at him in chat, and then had like 1-2k people in *my* twitch chat spamming racist slurs.
It's generally accepted that he had mastered all of them by the end of the show. He mastered air before being frozen, he mastered water and earth on his travels, and the dragons gave him mastery of fire.
So what you're saying is God is real in the same sense that Harry Potter is real. In other words, you're an atheist and you just haven't figured it out yet.
&gt;courses are there for you to learn something, and social interaction, in the form of asking and answering questions, is a part of the learning process. Not for everyone. Everyone learns differently. Fuck off and let people who learn by quietly listening and absorbing quietly listen and absorb.
It's not an assumption, it's an observation. I have eyes. She's obese.
It suddenly smells like honor in here.
&gt;Firebenders manipulate thermal energy, as fire is not matter. It sets them apart from Airbenders and Earthbenders in this way. They aren't generating matter, only manipulating energy that is not stored in matter. I disagree. Firebending in ATLA clearly has force. People are knocked over by it, for example. Obviously it is *plasma*, which means that each element is also based in a state of matter. Water is liquid, earth is solid, air is gas, fire is plasma.
This fact was always misunderstood. They never forbid him to use real weapons. He started using silly items instead of weapons as a *protest* against the unfair restrictions the League placed on him. Those restrictions were never defined or explained.
&gt;but there are lots of people who take the game seriously and those people are not struggling to get out of silver
If an ADC tried to attack a team of 5 tanks with thornmail, I'm pretty sure he would die even if none of the enemies ever attacked him.
I feel sorry for everyone on such a terrible path and the majority of people can be redeemed. Not *all,* but certainly most.
When you type words and it switches them, it might be autocorrecting. You could mess with the autocorrect settings and see if it helps. And I can't say much about swiping, I've never really understood it either. Phones aren't really my thing, though. I'm more of a desktop person.
I've never had any form of sex ed class in a school. I'm 18 and done with school. If I didn't have the drive to learn on my own, I'd have no idea how *my* reproductive organs work.
War is a completely different conversation. All I've argued against so far is dehumanizing them and losing all empathy for them. They are people as complex and nuanced as you or me. They *do* have reasons for acting the way they do. They are not monsters or aliens, they are humans *just like you.* It is important to remember that.
I'm not sure why you think I'm naive, or that I think "everyone should live after my ideals" or why you think I am not "grown up." Can you clarify those points, please?
Fat that cat!
The same is true of any religion. If you followed Christianity perfectly, you would be thrown in prison in any country in the world. The religion is not the source, it is the excuse.
&gt; THOSE people need to be tortured themselves. What does that accomplish? What point is there in revenge?
I'm asking you to be more specific. But it seems you're either incapable of doing that, or unwilling to do that. Either way, it seems this conversation is over.
&gt;almond and cashew milk Slightly unrelated, but if you happen not to like either of those, I recommend pea milk, if you can find any. I always had trouble with things like almond milk because they had a very strange texture compared to cow's milk. Pea milk doesn't taste like milk, but it has the same texture.
Same. I tried once and just got bored.
Why are you so angry?
&gt;I guess I am asking can you still consider yourself a vegan if you still ingest animal products like milk, cheese, or butter? No. Veganism is about cutting out all the exploitation of animals that you reasonably can. Supporting dairy because it tastes good is by definition not vegan.
"Fuck brown people." -Jesus Christ
&gt;they don't follow outsider rules(they follow their own), they worship their own gods ... and they want to defend their land at all costs You just described literally every civilization in every setting ever made.
&gt;What does she think this is, World of Warcraft? Well, it *is* 4e.
We're not talking emperors in charge of the most effective military in the world, we're talking newly designated lords with a single castle building up their very first defensive force. The best sword fighter in the area isn't going to give a fuck about some dudes who just came into a castle.
No, it's someone who does not buy/use animal products whenever possible. You're thinking of a *vegan diet,* not veganism.
Bro, the best sword fighter in the area is busy training the king's kids. You know, the ones with piles of gold and standing armies and shit. He's not wasting his time with single-castle lords without even a militia. "It's dungeons and dragons" is not an excuse to throw out all logic. They're not the baddest of the bad if they've got one empty castle. If everyone who owned a single castle was awesome enough to take out Tiamat or Strahd, the king would've already done that. Centuries ago.
No, your logic is just backwards.
He's the one who replied to my comment saying that my explanation was wrong and his was right. He made it a debate, not me.
"If I didn't see it, it doesn't matter." I feel like this logic would suddenly no longer apply if it were someone hurting your family or friends.
*You* implied that you would. By saying that you are only vegan by diet, that necessarily means you don't have a problem with other animal products.
That's not just racism, that is institutionalized racism. Racism always has, and always will, refer to any hatred based on race. Different terms.
Do you just like hounding me in particular or are you always in /r/vegan trolling and spreading misinformation?
If you support animal products in any form, you are not a vegan. Thanks.
That doesn't really sound like a dietary problem, that sounds like you need to talk to a mental health professional.
&gt; My nephew turned to us and said "what a baby" and went to go look at the trebuchet. Your nephew knows what's up.
[Case in point:](http://np.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/7q0zlf/switzerland_bans_boiling_lobsters_alive/dsmaf6i/?context=3) &gt;the practice [of boiling lobsters alive] seems barbaric 353 points &gt;we should stop killing sentient beings for pleasure -2 points
The challenge is to do it with as few presses of the A button as possible. To do it without even using a single entire button press, all this stuff is apparently required.
&gt;The entire population being vegan is unrealistic and will not happen. I think eating meat will go away but not using animals as a whole. True, much in the same way that the entire population avoiding slavery is unrealistic and won't happen. But, eventually, it will be generally accepted as wrong and illegal in most or all places and those who still do it will be seen as the monsters they are. Just like with slavery.
&gt;nutritionist/dietitian Which one? Because one of those titles is significantly less meaningful than the other.
&gt;Because if you brought out that disgusting parallel of real life rape with meat eating in normal conversation you won't have very many friends. If you defended rape or murder with the same logic, you'd be reported to the police. Comparing one bad thing to another does not mean the two crimes are the same. You can have your own opinions on what's worse. The point is it's the exact same logic being used. The fact that you're reacting so extremely to it shows you know I'm right. It's the same logic, and you don't like using the same logic as a rapist or murderer. But you want to blame me for it instead of yourself. So you lash out, call it a cult and an emotionally driven echo chamber, insult me, etc. Also, I'd like to leave these very relevant comics here. [First](http://78.media.tumblr.com/91def28e0c634cce646752485b559172/tumblr_nkqcotyVdA1sm22kio1_1280.jpg), and [second](https://i.redd.it/fll5htme6riz.jpg).
This is the worst for me. Gelatin is in so much stuff. Lactic acid hides in weird places.
Just imagine how much more damage is done by an omnivore in a single day. You probably didn't dent that amount in the entire hospital stay. Veganism's not a religion, it's just about reducing harm. In the grand scheme of things, you didn't contribute much.
&gt;thirty minute Feeling optimistic today, eh?
?
I don't get the point of the post.
https://www.reddit.com/r/vegan/wiki/eggs
No, it's more like someone with a particular kink getting mad about being told that kink cannot possibly be pleasurable. Which is exactly what it is. Seems reasonable to me.
Hey man, those pigs had to take what they could get. Resources were scarce. I think they were quite intelligent to try and build a shelter with what little they had access to.
/u/opfeels /u/amorphousgamer
Well fuck you too
Nautilus is about as impactful as Leona. He has the same sort of hard engage, with even more CC. His ult is more reliable. Honestly they're basically the same exact champ.
You currently have an 80% winrate on Nautilus and seem to be doing well in the matches. Sooo ... play more. You can't rank up if you don't play.
People keep saying that, but I don't think so. When it's no longer normal to kill animals, I don't think it's going to be normal or common to eat lab-grown meat either. It's still going to be unhealthy for you, and it doesn't really taste good enough to bother.
Potatoes. Seriously. Eat them every day. Obviously they're not *everything* you need, you will need to eat other things at some point. But not that much. Potatoes are awesome.
Until those production processes change, no, avoiding it is definitely the answer.
Being committed to something doesn't equate to being rational, knowledgeable, intelligent, effective, or worth listening to. See: religion.
I feel like you using your referral link without disclosing that info is dishonest and rude.
&gt; treat the animals well. Give them good lives, and they slaughter them humanely. Alright. So, you've got a choice. Would you like to live the rest of your life peacefully, or be (humanely) slaughtered and eaten? What, you want to live? What a surprise. Murdering something that doesn't want to die is not humane. This is nonsense you've been fed since you were little. Wake up. &gt;There is no real correct or incorrect way to eat food. Yes there is. It's incorrect when it infringes on someone else's rights. Like the universal right of sentient beings to not be tortured, raped, and murdered needlessly. &gt;Everyone is entitled to their own opinion Except all those animals you assist in murdering.
Cows are much smarter than the beef and dairy industries have told you they are. You've been lied to all so they can make a profit. Why are you defending their lies? See the truth.
&gt;What about studies that show that plants actually feel pain I love destroying this argument, because omnis bring it up so often and it's so easy to destroy. Meat-eating kills more plants than plant-eating. You see, animals eat plants. And they eat a lot more plants than you would have to eat if you ate plants instead of them.
&gt;Meh idk about history of the species. Dogs were bred from wolves by humans. At no point in their entire history were they ever wild animals.
That is a good idea, because even if you don't like fighting, sometimes the fight finds you. I'm not a fighter either, but it's never a bad idea to be prepared. You definitely shouldn't kick people's asses for being assholes, though, idk wtf /u/WildBilll33t is smoking. Violence is only ever good for self defense. And even then only in certain situations.
&gt;Look at Sokka(14) and how he's treated as a full grown warrior by his father Hakoda. During times of war, you kinda have to take what you can get. These are extreme circumstances, and none of the characters would have acted or been perceived the way they did in a less extreme circumstance.
Wherefore art thou, Karl Malone?
&gt; only consider every other episode of the original series to be canon. I also don't consider any form of water bending that isn't swamp people bending to be not canon. Finally, using death of the author I believe that all characters are actually different embodiments of king boomy that have been able to manifest themselves as unique individuals. All of this is perfectly valid interpretation, if that's how you choose to interpret it. Though, you would be pretty hard-pressed to include swamp benders as the only water benders, since I think in every episode they are shown, Katara also waterbends. You could make the argument, in these episodes alone, that Katara is also from the swamp, then, I guess.
&gt;If you're reading a book, does it make sense for you to decide that the even numbered chapters aren't real? I probably wouldn't do that, but if you want to only take the even numbered chapters and interpret the story as if they are the only "real" ones, that would be a perfectly valid interpretation.
&gt; Invalidating competing theories is what YOU are doing. Not really, you just wanted to get on your high horse today. I hope you feel better soon, and that whatever made you decide to be so nasty to a random stranger clears up. What actually happened is that someone else said there was only one way to look at things (that is, that the author decides what happens in the universe, even outside the context of a work). In response, I simply said that it isn't necessarily true, and gave an example of another perfectly valid way of interpreting it. I'm sorry you misunderstood me, either intentionally or unintentionally, and I hope you have a nice day.
&gt;We were talking about where and why to draw the line at killing living things for food, but if you want to change the subject, I'm fine with it. Well, not really. My entire point was that regardless of where you draw said lines, meat-eating is clearly the wrong choice with regards to human rights, the environment, personal health, the rights of non-humans, raw number of living things killed, etc. There really is no upside to meat-eating.
Yeah, that's right. If you just label your opinion as a "hard pill to swallow" no one can disagree with it. It's basically fact at that point. How amazing.
/r/antbro I did it. Get some ant bro pics going, damn it.
&gt;But I think Brazil suffers from income disparity. Welcome to Earth!
Eat more calories. It literally does not matter what those calories are made of. If you eat more calories than you burn, you will gain weight.
&gt;Cats can do well on a vegan diet False. Next!
&gt;I love reptiles so much so it's difficult. You can observe them from a distance. Unlike mammals, reptiles simply will never care about you, bond with you, or in any way think in a way which is fathomable to you. Their minds are alien, driven entirely by instinct. They have literally no emotions. What I'm trying to say is, they're like murderous robots. You don't really gain anything by owning one yourself that you couldn't gain by observing them in the wild.
&gt; Its universally praised by critics, 1. [This is an invalid argument](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Argument_from_authority) 2. Source? *Universally praised* by critics? Do you really believe that? &gt;has an enormous and passionately loyal fanbase 1. [This is an invalid argument](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Argumentum_ad_populum) 2. Define "enormous." Sorry dude, I'm not going to agree that your opinions are facts. I don't think Legend of Korra is a good show. I'm allowed to have that opinion. Relax.
&gt;The Legend of Korra is objectively successful; its objectively good. Neither of those are objective truths. Your opinion is that Legend of Korra is a good show. You are welcome to that opinion. I do not agree with it. I will not be responding to you any more. Have a nice day.
That would entirely depend on whether the size of the seed is genetic or based on outside factors, like the conditions in which it was grown. We need an avocado expert
This is an entirely unnecessary response, and you should be ashamed.
Well, obviously the chemicals just affect lizard people differently
Which religion?
I'm an extremely far left socialist feminist who would rather gouge my own eyes out than interact with a MGTOW poster But that dude was 100% right, older women going for male children is not seen anywhere near as bad as the reverse, and is indicative of a sexist double standard, which needs to be called out
&gt;I’m not the invader it is How so? You think there was always a man-made structure where you live? Don't be silly. Your house has been spider territory since long before it was built.
Hah, that video's great. Yeah I think it was handled about as well as it could be. Generally relaxed, didn't escalate the situation unnecessarily, didn't get buttmad about getting wet. We actually need more police like this.
I got your ass
&gt;The fact is that when looking at an individual she is no more or no less likely to be a lesbian based on her wardrobe. This is simply untrue. Culture exists. Someone wearing a turban is more likely to be a Sikh than someone, you know, not wearing a turban. Obvious example, but it extends to lots of more subtle things. Like gay culture.
Vegan butter, by the way, is absolutely great. There's basically no difference between it and dairy butter. My grandmother, a lifelong omni, now uses exclusively vegan butter in her cooking just for convenience.
The only thing I supplement is B12, which does not naturally occur in meat. The meat you eat is supplemented with B12. So there's no difference between eating that meat and just taking the supplement yourself.
This is an unnecessary semantics argument
We're still monkeys. Monkeys eat plenty of plants. And even cooked meat is not good for you. It's way better than raw meat, but so is charcoal, probably.
As far as I'm aware, gorillas eat mostly plants.
&gt;Like the fact that thing like these genuinely rustle my jimmies You realize that phrase means to be upset, right?
[This one isn't smuggling children, she's smuggling adults](https://imgur.com/XciWe4D) Thanks for the laugh
You don't need to be an adult to realize murdering other sentient beings is wrong. Every body starts out vegan, they are taught to murder. Compassion is the most natural thing you have.
&gt;Probably because they don't. False, every cow involved in the dairy industry dies. Dairy cows are killed when their milk production declines, their female calves face the exact same fate, and their male calves are killed almost immediately.
This comment is ridiculous. You wouldn't be whining like this if the kid was holding up a sign that said "Don't kill other humans" but because it's about animals you're mad about "pounding a political agenda into a kid." Compassion is not a political agenda, holy shit.
&gt; If you want to debate that, start a different thread. What? But that claim is what this thread is about. Your assumption is that people will not go vegan due to ethics, so we should focus on something else. This claim is the *foundation* of your thread. Why would it need to go into a different thread?
Answer: There isn't one.
Do you *really* need all that, though? Your diet should be perfectly fine for almost anything but B12.
How can you know murder is wrong if you've never committed murder?
I don't see how that's relevant to anything.
/r/vagabond tends to talk about it as well
I like you, Doug.
https://i.redd.it/3hpprp3htwyx.png
I mean, anyone who uses that passage to say that "the bible says masturbation is wrong" is clearly either mistaken or maliciously misrepresenting what's written.
I'm interpreting your comment to mean, "You're right." Since words don't matter and we can just interpret things to mean whatever we want them to mean, regardless of whether that contradicts what's actually writen, that's a perfectly valid interpretation.
&gt; No, they are not against **all** vaccinations Hmm, I'm noticing another word in here. A word I did not include. A word you included in order to misrepresent what I said. It smells like ... *sniff sniff* ... straw.
It's not practical to avoid *all* animal suffering. If you are doing the best you practically can, you're vegan. It's not hard.
Korra as a whole is best left forgotten
Look at Mr. Popular over here, with his friends.
I found the "HandCannon" on stream and I wasn't sure if it was interactable. So I picked it up and realized I was holding it like a pistol. I was just like "oh fuck this game, its a handcannon" and checked to confirm the name I then threw it back on the ground in disgust
Cheetahs and lions are not moral agents. Morality does not apply to them in any way, shape, or form. If you were to take your morality from non-human animals, you would support murder, rape, infanticide, cannibalism, and basically any other horrible action you can possibly think of.
Yeah man. Just let them know that ice cream tastes like ass-feet. Make sure they stay far away from it.
Veganism is perfectly healthy for anyone at any stage of life, barring a few exceedingly rare diseases and conditions.
"What the fuck" Appropriate reaction
I'd say a lot of these things are oversimplified to the point of basically just being wrong. &gt;The teeth of carnivores are sharp; those of herbivores are mainly flat (for grinding). This conveniently leaves out the teeth of omnivores, which show the characteristics of both. We have teeth good for ripping and tearing into flesh, and teeth good for grinding down plants. &gt;Body cooling of carnivores is done by panting; herbivores, by sweating. It is our sweating which, in part, allowed us to be such incredibly effective predators. We can literally run prey to death. I'd argue that sweating in humans is much more indicative of a predatory / carnivorous lifestyle. Not sure if the rest of your link is any better (since the link is broken / leads to 404) but this excerpt just leads me to believe the author was biased and grasping at straws.
What?
[That reddit post you linked to literally has a top comment RIGHT IN YOUR FACE explaining why the post is bullshit.](https://www.reddit.com/r/vegan/comments/6n5wni/for_redditors_who_jokingly_consider_themselves/dk7ctls/) &gt;Why do humans get sick if they eat raw flesh, but omnivores and carnivores can eat raw flesh without health consequences? Provide evidence omnivores and carnivores *never* get health consequences from raw flesh. Like, you know, parasites and diseases ... which they do get. Which is why we cook meat. The thing is, getting these parasites and diseases does not stop them from breeding, so evolutionarily, there was no incentive for them to evolve the brain required to cook food to avoid these things. &gt;Provide evidence that sweating = predatory behavior in humans. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=826HMLoiE_o Persistence hunting simply would not be possible if we panted instead of sweating. &gt;I think it's bad for veganism to promote the idea that an omnivorous diet is healthy. I never said omnivorous diets are healthy. They are definitely less healthy than vegan diets. But that's not the topic of discussion. The topic of discussion is whether we are omnivores or herbivores, and we are *definitely* omnivores.
&gt;Why do you think our bodies support the consumption of meat if you agree that meat is unhealthy? It sounds like you are contradicting yourself, and I would like some clarification I've already clarified this, but since you're not interested in actually reading and only want to shove your own agenda down everyone's throat, I'm not sure what good repeating it will do. Regardless, I will. A meat-eating diet is *plenty* for a human to grow into his teens and make a child. Beyond that, *nothing* is relevant as far as evolution/nature is concerned. We are not designed, we are the way we are because of evolution, which is driven by reproduction. And the way our bodies have evolved points to us eating both animals and plants. &gt;Would you agree that living a longer, healthier life is an evolutionary advantage? No, I would not. Evolutionarily, you only need to become old enough to have children. You can die immediately after, it doesn't matter. Many animals *do* die during reproduction, because after that point, their evolutionary purpose is fulfilled.
Yes. It bothers me probably more than it should that they get associated with trans people.
Are you from the 1950s?
You only need to supplement b12. For protein, eat beans and/or nuts. I like peanut butter a lot. Beans in general are good, not just for protein. Potatoes are great for you. Skin and all. Any kind of potatoes, too. Don't forget leafy greens. That shit's magic.
Nope, they don't exist. There's not a single one on the planet. What a strange phenomenon, eh?
You know, I actually really enjoyed [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/vegan/comments/8qfh1w/someone_wrote_this_on_the_sidewalk_near_my/) one from earlier. The difference between "GO VEGAN" and "PLEASE GO VEGAN" is pretty subtle, but I like it a lot.
Stop scaring them, then!
Yeah, I'm pretty sure both of those would run away from a poke. The reason people get bit by brown recluses, at least, is often because they'll hide in shoes or gloves. So there's nowhere to run when they get poked.
boring
I'd recommend not doing that. There's no benefit to not cooking your food. There's plenty of benefit to continuing to cook your food.
I don't believe you. That post has only the word "Cat." in the comments. If your story were true, that post would have all sorts of comments.
IIRC someone made a mistake when listing Kyoshi's age in some external material and ended up saying she died at age 230. Since then it's basically just been accepted as a thing that happened.
People criticize Aang for being selfish and unprepared to do whatever it takes to end an evil conqueror. But when Kyoshi does the exact same thing, it's okay because she's a big, strong woman who tells the story how it is. Seriously, the Kyoshi worship is crazy to me. It's like none of you guys actually paid attention to her story. There was a conquering tyrant (in Kyoshi's words, anyway) taking over the entire continent. What did Kyoshi do? Precisely nothing. She sat in her little peninsula and just let him do his thing. There is *no* indication she had any plans to do anything about the situation until Chin came and tried to take *her* land. And even when he did, she still didn't intend to do anything about it. She used her godly avatar powers, which it is her responsibility to use in the name of peace and balance for the world, to selfishly remove herself from the conflict. She literally used these powers to *split her home from the mainland just so she wouldn't have to deal with the situation.* It would have been so easy for her to resolve the conflict, but instead she decided not to. It doesn't matter that Chin died anyway. Kyoshi did not kill Chin, he killed himself by stubbornly refusing to move. I believe Aang points this out when he speaks with Kyoshi, too. And she just says, "I don't see the difference." Well I do. The difference is that Kyoshi was not acting in the best interest of the world, she was acting selfishly, and by chance, a good outcome came of it. Then, years later, she tries to take credit for it. Seriously, she is the worst avatar. I don't want to see a series about her. Let's see some more good avatars, who are actually willing to do things about the conquering tyrants they face.
[If you've seen other comments like this (now edited) one](https://www.reddit.com/r/vegan/comments/8pudmi/it_is_great_when_your_family_eats_on_the_same/e0ego4x/) and [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/vegan/comments/8mmcnp/promo_there_is_a_life_where_you_can_eat_as_much/) post promoting a raw diet, you'll understand why people have this sort of reaction.
[You don't see a curve?](https://imgur.com/fAJVrE6) Really?
[hmmmmmm](https://www.reddit.com/r/vegan/comments/8qn69k/meatvegan/) Notice anything fishy about the post histories? Did PewDiePie mock vegans recently or something?
That's because it's completely incomprehensible nonsense
&gt;Clearly there's merit and meaning to my comment it just got tangled. Clearly? Please reveal it to me. I just really dislike "raw foods, healing crystals, auras, and witchcraft" types coming in and spreading nonsense and getting that shit associated with veganism.
You don't have to harm animals to cook good food!
holy fuck
&gt;"that shit" gets associated with us regardless! Unfortunately. Still, we should call it out as much as possible. Just because some people will associate it with us anyway doesn't mean we should embrace anti-science nonsense.
Where did the chickens come from? What happened to their male siblings? How does this farm intend to get more? These "ethical farms" break down very quickly when you start digging into them just a little bit.
FWIW, you won't always like the answers you get. I had my "questions" about my father answered recently. Wish I could go back, now. Dude's a detriment to anyone who associates with him. His only value is as an example of what not to be.
Dunno if that's the reason, but I do think you're right about the phrase
He edited it. It used to say dumb stuff. One quote still lives on in one of the replies: &gt;I don’t know of any animal that cooks their foods other than our species.
Probably because it's not efficient. There's no point in hotter flames. They don't really do anything any more useful.
&gt;The war had no effect on Ty Lee because she was never involved in it until Azula recruited her. In other words, she was never involved in it. You know, until she was. Until she assisted the Fire Nation princess in conquering the largest, most well-defended city in the world. Yeah, if you ignore all that, she wasn't involved at all. &gt;But by joining the Kyoshi Warriors, it's like she didn't care about any of that any more and was suddenly okay with being part of a group where she has to look identical to the other members. This is called character development. She got over her fear of being "part of a set." She realized there's nothing wrong with being part of a group. Furthermore, she had to spend plenty of time in prison with the Kyoshi warriors. They became friends. This probably helped her realize that they are all individual, despite the uniforms. She's also a kindhearted person. She probably felt guilty for, you know, the whole conquering an entire city thing. Don't you think she'd want to start working to help people, to right wrongs?
Not if you like realistic and interesting romance! Fuck this ending.
holy shit, wise old sage, please teach me your ways
Wow, what a funny skit! I wish there was really a movie, though.
It had no redeeming qualities
Okay, friend. It's clear you've made up your mind about this and there's really no point arguing with you. I'm sure nothing anyone could possibly say would change your mind. I will close with this. Just because the character development happens off screen does not mean it didn't happen. A lot of time passed between the time when Ty Lee was worried about individuality and the time she joined the Kyoshi Warriors, and a lot of events happened. Just because it wasn't spelled out for you doesn't mean you can't infer what happened. Obviously, during her time in prison and her friendship with the Kyoshi Warriors, she overcame her issues and decided to join them. I'm done wasting my time here. Have a nice day.
Whether you make money or not has absolutely nothing to do with whether or not it's fair use of copyrighted material.
Holy fuck. Literally thousands of children imprisoned for the crime of being born in the wrong country. Not racism, though, guys!
Hey dude, we're here if you need something.
&gt;where is the line between animal and insect? Right here Life | v Animal | v Insect "Animal" and "Insect" are not distinct, mutually exclusive categories. Insect is a subcategory of animal. Asking where the line is drawn between animal and insect is like asking where the line is drawn between animal and mammal.
I strongly recommend you see a doctor. Hope everything works out for you, friend.
So say you're a buddhist or something. Doesn't really matter, they can't make you eat meat, that would be fucked
Didn't bother reading a long and dumb argument, but here's the thing. &gt;-non-vegans are selfish &gt;-non-vegans are abusing the planet &gt;-veganism is accessible to the poor &gt;-veganism is cheaper than a meat diet &gt;-Meat addiction is real All of these things are true. Hear me out. &gt;-non-vegans are selfish A rough one to start with, but we'll go for it. Cows, pigs, and other animals are living, feeling beings. They have the capacity to feel pain and to suffer. You do not need to eat animals or animal products to live, in fact you'd be healthier if you didn't. Therefore, eating animals is purely done for your pleasure. Your convenience, your taste buds, etc. In other words, you're placing your own sensory pleasure over the lives and feelings of others. I cannot possibly see how that is anything but selfish. &gt;-non-vegans are abusing the planet There's really no debate about this one. Animal agriculture is the worst thing for our planet by far. &gt;-veganism is accessible to the poor Potatoes, rice, beans, and other such foods are the cheapest foods you can buy. Animal-based foods are a luxury you have because you are relatively wealthy, by global and historical standards. &gt;-veganism is cheaper than a meat diet See above. &gt;-Meat addiction is real Not sure how this one is relevant, but people can be addicted to anything. I'd argue that it's not the primary thing omnis are addicted to, though. Cheese is extremely addictive.
You didn't answer my question.
Absolutely. We'll be seen as barbaric for ever allowing it to happen.
Supplement b12.
What? "Man" meant human long before it meant male. We used to have a distinct term for male human, too, but it just fell out of use. By assuming "man" to mean "male human," *you* are the one practicing androcentrism.
Your choice of religion does not have victims. Your choice of diet does. That is the difference. If you went vegan, you would be healthier, wealthier, and most importantly, you wouldn't be causing unnecessary suffering.
Personally I'd recommend just taking b12 supplements, there's nothing else you're likely to need and overdosing on vitamins is a pretty silly way to cause a doctor's visit lol
Because killing or not killing is not based on "how good" a creature is. You're approaching this completely the wrong way. It reminds me of shitty American prison culture where the idea is to "punish the guilty" rather than rehabilitate people so they can be functioning members of society. We shouldn't kill them because they have the capacity to suffer. It doesn't matter whether they have morals or not.
Almost makes me sad that the record is 1:11 now, poor guy's still sitting on 1:12
The question is irrelevant. It's textbook [whataboutism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whataboutism). You don't need to kill animals to care about those issues, in fact many of them are affected by veganism. Like, funnily enough, global warming. Animal agriculture is an absolutely massive contributor to that.
It's a tough one, because the military is necessary, but all forms of military I've ever seen or heard of extend beyond their necessary functions. We need a military because otherwise it would be far too easy for another country to invade and take over, which absolutely would happen to any country that dared not to have a military. Welcome to humanity. At the same time, everything you said is completely right.
&gt;Not all african nations have decent farmland. That's ... that's why I said any country with decent farmland. I was excluding places like those.
Uh, no, nothing like what I'm doing right now. Good try, though. "No u" is a very clever retort, I must admit. Almost slipped it past me.
So why do you think all of that is a result of being vegan?
Understanding supply and demand is going to be one of the few ways we can make changes in this awful, capitalist world. Your comment shows ignorance of the concept of supply and demand, which is why you're being downvoted. Boycotting every company that sells meat or other animal products is a great way to never make change. When they offer vegan products, buying them tells the company that there is a market for vegan products, resulting in them giving more weight to vegan products in the future. If you buy them, they keep making them. If no one buys them, they'll stop making them. If they stop making vegan products, they'll be making more animal products.
Hmm, I wonder just how far you could go without crossing into "false advertising" laws. I'd love to see that. You wouldn't get many return customers, though.
Not as bad as I expected
Gotcha. Is there a better avenue to take if someone wanted to get one done?
In most cultures, women remove their facial hair. It doesn't mean they don't grow it. Practically everyone grows some facial hair. Now think of dwarves. They grow a lot more facial hair. They don't need to be short humans. They can have other opinions of their facial hair than humans.
I feel like raping fish people is not a normal thing one sees in a D&amp;D campaign. Have you considered slaying dragons and exploring dungeons instead?
Are you sure?
I actually get what you're saying. In a few years, you'll look back at your current self and be like "yeah actually I was retarded as hell." But then in a few years, I'll do the same. And in another few years, we both will again. Getting older brings experience and when you know more you feel like you were foolish before. I don't think that's a reason to specifically look down on anyone younger than you.
That doesn't mean he's not a character with really good rolls. In D&amp;D terms, he wasn't rolled at birth. He was rolled as his current form. All that stuff in his past is his backstory, which then lead to him being where he is today. An 18 strength barbarian wasn't born with those muscles, he worked out prior to the campaign.
Bro, it's okay to be wrong. Just admit that you didn't realize there's no difference between a trans woman's breasts and a cis woman's breasts and move on. Nobody will remember you in 2 days. Accept the lesson you've been given and be more knowledgeable for it.
Let's see what the [FAQ](https://www.reddit.com/r/DnD/wiki/faq#wiki_how_many_players_should_there_be_in_a_game.3F) has to say about this, shall we? &gt;Groups with 7 or more players are extremely difficult to run, so it's often best to come up with a way to reduce the size of the party. His issue stems from having a party of 7. The solution is to reduce the party size. That's really the only way about it. If they maintain a 7 man party, they will continue to struggle with this issue.
Oh yes, nothing makes me harder than a good nose. Really the only feature I look at, why would you bother with anything else?
"Because we can't be perfect, we shouldn't even try to do good things." This is the "logic" you're spewing at me right now. You don't *actually* advocate rape, do you? Because that was just an analogy to show you how bad your logic was.
Mechanics have an effect on RP, but not the other way around. RP does not have any effect on the on-paper mechanics.
&gt; Make a deity retcon it. The god who created shadows in the first place wants his shadows back. You keep calling them all away to do battle.
I remember entering 1/1/1900 on some site, once. Told me that was an invalid age. 1/1/1901 worked fine, though.
&gt;we believe that we can use magic, Sorry, but you can't.
My point is that "Suki" does not mean "moon" in japanese. However subtle the difference, it's still a difference.
See, the interesting thing about "faith" is that it's pointless. If you can prove something exists, you don't need faith. If you could perform magic, you wouldn't need to have faith and ignore science. You would demonstrate it for the world, make trillions of dollars, and never work a day in your life. But you can't do that because magic's not real. So instead you have to just say "it's true because I said so."
&gt;We use magic in addition to modern science and medicine. Much like how other religions use prayer. So where is your scientific evidence that it exists? &gt; I simply believe that there are things that science cannot yet test for. Me too, but that's not an excuse to just believe in specific bullshit. "There are some things we haven't figured out" =/= "I can cast magic spells" There's a very big leap in logic you're making there which *requires* you ignore science.
Well I'm banned from /r/vegetarian but not /r/zerocarb soooo
I'm not addicted to sugar, though. I enjoy eating it from time to time because it tastes good. If heroin was not addictive and didn't literally make you feel better than you are possibly capable of feeling without it, then I'd say it would be perfectly fine to use it from time to time, too. The addiction is the worst part.
You were the first one to bring up Trump, my dude
&gt; I know some people would rather die of starvation than eat meat, That's not most vegans. Veganism is about doing all you can. Since we're not in danger of starving or being stranded on a desert island any time soon, we get to make the easy choice of just not harming anything unnecessarily. No downsides.
&gt;I’m truly interested in why the no eggs part though. What do you think happens to the male chickens? They have no use in the egg industry, so they get literally ground up in a machine similar to a wood chipper, *very* shortly after hatching. Furthermore, egg laying hens are specifically bred to lay *far* more eggs than normal, which is very bad for their health. It's a bit like certain breeds of dogs, pugs for example, who are bred to look "cute" at the cost of their health. Where did your parents get their chickens? What happened to those chickens' male siblings?
&gt; don't have the muscle movement and flexibility to actually win a fight **against a trained fighter** FTFY Unless you've got quite a bit of training, the greater mass wins.
Hmmmmmmm Peanut butter's not a liquid The peanut oil is though
&gt;And yet we aren’t spreading “anti-science” attitudes. "I can cast magic spells" does spread anti-science attitudes.
My favorite is the part where asking her, "Am I pretty?" confuses her so much that you can just leave.
You've heard way too much anti-widow propaganda. They'd only bite you if you were *really* trying to get bitten or if there was a really unfortunate circumstance where the widow can't run away from you.
&gt;The Pokemon Black and Blue thing I always took to be an interesting critique on the game. Because you never really think about just how ingrained animal abuse is in our society until it's pointed out. And yes, tons of people were mad about it, but again, that's kind of the point. It got people talking about animal rights issues, and many gaming publications (which otherwise wouldn't touch on these issues) wrote about it, bringing the AR message to a new audience. No one was "talking about animal rights issues" they were laughing at the stupid vegans making a stupid game that levels an incorrect criticism at a game they like. The vast majority of people who saw that would be less receptive to vegans in the future. It was a step backwards.
And also drill the basics of gun safety into them long before they ever handle a weapon themselves. Even a 5 year old can be trained to never point the gun at something he doesn't want destroyed. It might take some patience, but it can be done.
&gt;All she had to do was say something along the lines of "I thought that way then, and I was mistaken" Admitting fault is death for a politician. If you lie enough, people will believe you. Trump being a great example of this. But you absolutely cannot admit fault.
&gt;Again, there is literally a reduction in meat consumption if you don't consume it one day a week. As far as first steps go, it's not a bad one. But instead of eating meat, they eat other animal products. It's not better.
The dude eats mostly raw fruit. Apparently also eats a very small amount of raw vegetables. It's not healthy, which is something we keep trying to tell him. I wouldn't mind so much if he wasn't also forcing this nonsense on his kids. Edit: Pretty confused about the response. You guys realize eating only fruits is not healthy, right? And that forcing children to eat only fruits is very bad for them?
And yet he has said before that he doesn't cook his food because he doesn't "know of any animal that cooks their foods other than our species." Hmmmmmmmmm
Your comment is by far the most pointless one in the entire thread so far.
So the only conclusion that can be made is that he's full of shit, yeah? Which is the entire point I'm making. He promotes something he knows is unhealthy, obviously, because he doesn't even follow it.
&gt; Murder is the unlawful killing of a person Not exclusively, it is also used to describe *any* killing seen as unjust, unethical, or otherwise "bad."
Because people think "vegan" means "gluten free," "crazy," or both.
So why do you still support meat?
You realize you can use that land to grow food for humans instead of animals, right?
I'm confused. Where do you think leather comes from? Let's start simple. *Why* do you want to be vegan?
I'd highly recommend switching over to testing on human volunteers, yeah.
&gt;Provide me a perfectly flawless alternative to capitalism I can implement right now otherwise capitalism is clearly not flawed Wow you're right
You need to see a doctor
That's absurd and you should feel bad for suggesting it
That's unethical for extremely obvious reasons
Pretty well. Bush died so that's always nice.
Typically we go by libertarian socialist, but yeah. Extreme bottom left of your average political compass.
Dude was a murderer among plenty of other things.
He didn't justify it, basically. It was just childish lashing out and the other mods had to get involved and stop him.
We're not calling them fascists because they hold different political beliefs to us, we're calling them fascists because they're goddamn fascists. Holy shit. What more do they need to do to convince you fucks?
I don't understand what you're on about. This is an appeal to nature. I've heard this argument literally hundreds of times. It is invalid inherently. https://yourlogicalfallacyis.com/appeal-to-nature Read and learn.
&gt;Why is your ideal better, simply because it is unnatural? I'm arguing that it's better because it causes less unnecessary suffering among intelligent, thinking, feeling creatures. Not "because it's unnatural." You have the worst understanding of logic/debate I've ever seen in an internet commenter, well done, that is truly impressive.
Nah, the best kind of anarchy avoids animal exploitation.
&gt; what if I told you that they were killed humanely? 1. There is no humane way to kill someone who does not wish to die. 2. These animals are *not* killed "humanely" in any sense. &gt;And that if these same animals were born into nature, would be killed in a much more violent, painful death? 1. They wouldn't be born at all without humans. 2. Humans *are* "nature" 3. Many wild animals have better, more pleasant, more fulflilling, and less stressful lives than those made for food. &gt;A quick shot to the head is much better than being eaten alive by another predator. So how are we increasing the suffering? We specifically design the way that we kill things to induce the least amount of suffering on the animal Jesus christ you're so naive. 1. Does the following video look "quick" to you? 2. Does the following video look "specifically designed to induce the least amount of suffering on the animal?" No, of course not. They're not designed to "induce the least amount of suffering on the animal" they are designed to make money. As much money as possible. Because **you** don't give a shit how much suffering the animals go through, you just want to satisfy your taste buds. And you will support their practices regardless of how much suffering the animal goes through. https://animalsaustralia.org/features/not-so-humane-slaughter/ Watch the video. Listen to their screams. **You** support this. These are **your** victims.
Hormone blocking is reversible at any point, it's really not a big deal.
More Alabama comrades, amazing. I was starting to think I was alone down here.
I'm sorry you feel that way, and I hope some day you will let go of all this unnecessary hate. I'm guessing by your reference to satanism, you're some flavor of Christian. Jesus would be disappointed in all this hate.
&gt;Does it follow that I reject all authority? Far from me such a thought. In the matter of boots, I refer to the authority of the bootmaker; concerning houses, canals, or railroads, I consult that of the architect or the engineer. For such or such special knowledge I apply to such or such a savant. But I allow neither the bootmaker nor the architect nor the savant to impose his authority upon me. I listen to them freely and with all the respect merited by their intelligence, their character, their knowledge, reserving always my incontestable right of criticism and censure. I do not content myself with consulting a single authority in any special branch; I consult several; I compare their opinions, and choose that which seems to me the soundest. But I recognise no infallible authority, even in special questions; consequently, whatever respect I may have for the honesty and the sincerity of such or such an individual, I have no absolute faith in any person. Such a faith would be fatal to my reason, to my liberty, and even to the success of my undertakings; it would immediately transform me into a stupid slave, an instrument of the will and interests of others. --Mikhail Bakunin
Jesus had no problem calling evil evil, that is true, but he also was most certainly against the kind of aimless hatred on display in this thread.
But why did he make them feel like they should have been born the opposite sex if feeling that way is "an abomination" You think they choose that?
I don't think so. Looks like he's gesturing with his hands, pushing people away, maybe saying something to the dude on the ground. But it doesn't look to me like he ever strikes him. If he does, it's very hard to tell.
&gt; that chain is an official amusement part demarcation holy fuck who cares could you be any lamer
You asked in another comment why being a "trans conservative" is like being a jewish nazi or a black klansman. This is why. Conservatives will *never* accept you because conservatism is an awful ideology to its very core. I don't know what parts of conservatism you think you agree with, but I guarantee none of them are reflected in actual conservatives.
What does "conservative" mean to you? Because in short, conservatism means "Resist change because change is bad." You know what resisting change means? ***Never accepting trans people.*** It's literally the most straightforward thing in the world. Conservatism at its very core is opposed to your life as a free, comfortable person.
Your ideology results in the death and suffering of countless innocents. It doesn't deserve "tolerance."
Dude. You realize we're not liberals here, right? We don't support democrats. Liberals are right with republicans when we say "conservative." They're both conservative groups.
&gt; for fucks sake you fucking boomers stop using hashtags on Reddit they don't work \#SureTheyDo
I've never wanted a shitty animation of anything so much in my life
D
I want to beat up the president
Then you are simply a terrible person, and this conversation is over.
Please explain to me why I should respect you when you take pride in harming innocent beings. Do you not understand why I do not respect you?
So let's flip it around. What if I told you I like to eat babies? Would you respect my opinion and feel the need to discuss my reasoning for that, or rightly tell me that's awful?
If someone insulted me for eating babies and I said I was going to go eat more babies because of it, would you see that as reasonable?
You were going to continue harming innocent animals before we spoke, you are now going to continue harming innocent animals after we have spoken. If you are going to stop harming innocent animals, it won't be because I was polite to you. It will be because you feel that harming innocent animals is wrong as I do.
Why do you support animal abuse?
Can you define animal abuse for me?
Now can you explain how that is in any way different from what was displayed in the video I linked earlier, which you agreed that you support?
This is exactly the kind of shit this sub was made for lol
Dante Basco is the weirdest one, since he has no other voice. Most people put on some kind of voice when playing a character, but Dante just sounds like that 100% of the time.
I genuinely cannot tell whether this is a shrunken face.
The southern states literally seceded with the explicitly stated reason of slavery *They said they were fighting the war to keep slavery.* I don't understand where this dumb ass historical revisionism comes from.
I got you
Ehhhhh, he was gentle enough, but there was no opportunity for her to say no.
No dude, politicians have had enough. Politicians are suited only for the guillotine. It's time for the people to run the country.
Skyrim's storytelling is rooted in the experience of going around in the world and participating in quests. Bad storytelling, in this case, can boil down to bad game mechanics. The STORY of the thieves guild begins the moment you walk into riften. All of that stuff you wrote off as "not story, just game mechanics" is how the game delivers the story to you, and how you interact with the story. Skyrim is not a book.
&gt; "Socialism" (no one wants) Speak for yourself dawg
Said the guy who has no idea what anarchism actually is.
It is impossible to give consent in that situation lol
Socialism means worker ownership of the means of production. It doesn't mean "state-funded stuff"
I've read the book, my man She was sent out alone among a bunch of savage barbarians who didn't even share a common language with her, forced to marry one of them, then brought out in the middle of the night with no one to help her and nowhere to go. She made clear she did not want to have sex with him and he ignored it and kept pressuring. If you think this is a situation where it is possible to consent, you are absurd. Drogo was not the worst she could have had, like I said, he was about as careful about the whole thing as he could have been. But that doesn't change the fact that it's not possible for her to consent.
Do you understand what veganism is? It's an ethical stance, not a diet. Breast milk is given willingly, unlike the products of every other animal on the planet. It is vegan.
Haha yes, I agree, it is good that rich people don't get punished for crimes.
Holy fuck I want one
I wish.
So as long as I bring a gun along, I'll *always* have consent. Impressive work! You really do understand consent, buddy.
Typically lesbians don't refer to their female partners as "he"
That sounds like bullshit to me, repetition works just fine.
That sounds a lot more complicated and annoying than just repeating the thing I want to memorize for a bit.
I'm skeptical of anyone who tries to sell me a book to learn a "totally better way" of doing this thing I've been doing perfectly fine for my entire life.
1. Antifa's not a group 2. Please point out the terrorism, I'll wait
The government would technically own the land, yeah, but they're not going to find you lol
I'd personally be all for letting all the modern food-animals die out. Cows, pigs, chickens, etc they're all bred to be products at the expense of their health. [This](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Red_junglefowl) is the "natural" chicken. Apparently they lay one or two clutches of eggs per year, each averaging around 4-6 eggs.
Why do you have the right to decide that we're not allowed to benefit from technology just because you'd rather not? Why not go out into the wilderness and let those who'd rather not do that ... you know, not do that.
I don't see why you think it's okay to initiate a physical fight in front of your children. They're both shit people and the kids should definitely be raised by someone else.
okay lol
That's a big chunk of it. Continuing the ol' American imperialist machine.
All I said is that both these people are shitty and unfit to raise children, you filled in the rest
at literally no point was anyone involved calm lmao
So you actually think it's acceptable to throw shit at your partner during an argument in front of children?
You don't throw shit at your partner in front of your children. This makes you unfit to care for them.
My point is that imprisoning people is, generally, a bad thing. At the very best, it indicates a problem with some other aspect of the society (education, culture, etc) that can't be solved without locking people in cages.
Everyone has slightly yellow teeth unless they've been artificially whitened. That's just what teeth look like.
&gt; The logic that video game story is so super special that it cannot be analyzed as such is, frankly, absurd. See, you might have a point if I'd ever made this argument. But, as multiple previous comments of mine have pointed out, you're literally just arguing against a strawman. What I'm saying is that video games and books are different media. You interact with them differently in a fundamental way. Just as the irrational behavior of Karliah and Mercer Frey are detrimental to the story, the limits posed by game mechanics are detrimental to the story. Your distaste for discussing these things together as one experience changes nothing about the fact that they are exactly that.
I'm done having this dumb ass semantic argument. There are two sides here, one that sees it as okay to throw shit at your partner over a video game in front of your children, and the other side that sees that as not okay. Choose one and stop haranguing me over meaningless goddamn definitions.
&gt; It makes you look unreasonable and unsympathetic to a pregnant woman being beaten by her husband. I am unsympathetic to anyone who starts throwing objects at people for repeatedly asking to be left alone.
Sensitive, too. You're really the full package.
It's left *and* awful, it's been involved in all kinds of drama. What small community actually exists is generally pretty chill though.
lol
See, it's interesting, because you're actually ignoring the parts where I talk about concrete things that happened in the story in order to whine about me also interpreting things logically following other concrete things in the story. Speaking of which, do you understand how story analysis is done? You realize that a big part of it is interpreting what is not specifically written for you, right? When a story establishes rules, you can assume them to be true and make interpretations based on it, and often must to get a complete picture of what the story was trying to say.
How can the workers own the means of production in a society where the means of production are privately owned?
Depends on your definition of police. Ideally you'd have members of your community work it out together among each other, with no need for a third party force with the right to just murder everyone involved and get a paid vacation out of it.
We're at that point in capitalism where people are seriously selling their body parts for money so they don't die of exposure or starvation. Great system we got here.
fucking lmao
You're completely missing the point of what I was saying lmao
&gt; You are mad it is so close to the original? The games are not "the original" and yes, I'd prefer if the show didn't try to copy the games.
It's not a perfect process, though. Unfortunately, complications are very common. So it's pretty easy to blame one thing or another for whatever complication you experienced, which is why I think these things survive so long.
&gt; Liberals are leftists. Left just means "left" of the center of the political spectrum. Which is why liberals are not leftists. Liberalism is right of center.
If liberals are left of center then communists are literally off the left end of the compass lmao
So, it doesn't actually happen is what you're saying. Otherwise you'd be able to show an example.
&gt; The problem with this is that libertarian is in between conservative and fascist. See, this is why it's impossible to take you seriously. Libertarianism vs authoritarianism is an entirely different axis. It has nothing to do with left or right. &gt;This is why the political compass is stupid, because the gradient of left to right doesn't really make sense. Your failure to understand it doesn't necessarily make it stupid.
You made the claim that this happens, it is your job to show examples, not my job to go find them lol
Isn't DDR2 surprisingly valuable these days, just due to rarity?
Haha, alright, this will be good. Go ahead, explain.
My point remains.
What do you mean?
Carbon dioxide, you breathe it in constantly every day. They die by suffocation.
Literally arguing against fact lmao
"Meat is a necessary part of our diet" Guys we don't exist. We've already starved to death. Sorry to inform you all.
That's not a strange exception, Americans did not invent the word "republican" and their use of it is the exception.
It's war, dude. Nothing wrong with assassination lmao
He's not actually playing the game, he just moved his pieces around so that his king and queen swapped places
Don't you play dumb with me boi, whip out that dick
&gt; we arent looking for nor do we need any converts. Speak for yourself. People are dying right now due to the general feeling of apathy in our politics. Starving in the streets, despite there being plenty of food and houses to take care of them. The more people care, the sooner we can help.
English is *way* worse about its spellings. At least French is consistent.
&gt; making america worse to help that tiny fraction is but a bandaid of the real problem. Source on the claim that America is being made worse by accommodating immigrants? Seems to me that they're generally a positive. We'd be doing a lot better if we kicked out the billionaires than if we kicked out the immigrants.
Because when you need medical help, we'll all help you too. That's how this works. We work together. You know, society. Do you like roads? Why should you have to pay for some road you'll never use? Because everyone else is also paying for the roads you use.
I am an anarchist, I want to get rid of the government and private property entirely. But until we're there, let's try not killing sick people. For a start.
All of those subs are completely inactive and have been for years, some have never been active.
See, the thing is, your feelings aren't more valid than the actual fact that people die because they don't get healthcare which we could easily provide.
Your anecdote is meaningless
I like how you completely ignored the fact that, this entire time, I've been talking about the situation Katara *thought* she was going into (which is that the man was still active, commanding his ship).
My dude, just embrace the baldness. Holy shit.
All cops desire to have power over other people. Every single one. It's part of the job.
I'm so glad this meme is spreading It's the only correct response to fascists
Wait I've played league with you. You're a gigantic douche there. Now, taking a glance at your post history, I'm not surprised at all. You're *exactly* what I imagine all asshole neckbeards in League matches to be. Congratulations.
It was a president with an intern. The idea is that sex can't be consensual between two people with such a large power imbalance. Same reason you can't have consensual sex with a child, or most family members.
None of that has anything to do with the point I made.
Does this logic of your extend to its conclusion? What if a fourteen year old told you their sexual experience with someone twice their age was totally consensual? Does that check out? Everything good, no problems?
God damn, I love this kind of news.
k
Pffft, you fucking privileged fuck, living in an area with a dumpster. I have to make do just finding the nearest pile of dirt and filth to lie down in.
Same, surrealist media is surprisingly rare.
I have not, I'll check it out for sure
The edit on that comment is top-tier shit too. &gt;I know you don't get it, and I'm glad you haven't lived through this type of pain, to watch your child develop an obsession, and to watch that obsession take over their lives, while they abandon everything that made them a three-dimensional, functioning person (friends, interests, hobbies, passions, activities, goals), and become more and more unhappy and obsessed, even as they believe focusing more on this obsession is the key to their happiness. Maybe they weren't as happy as you thought, dumbfuck.
Y'all always think you're clever Nah dude, *your* hog. The one between your legs. Come on, we don't have all day.
Of course. ACAB
&gt; According to your logic, there has never been a Communist nation state That is correct by definition, because communism is incompatible with a state. Again, that's right in the definition. If there is a state, it's not communist. Literally by definition. &gt;So, using your same logic, there has never been a Fascist nation, because no attempt at fascism has been free of anti-semitism, oppression, concentration camps, militarism. You're still doing this backwards. There have been nations which fulfilled all the criteria for fascism. If fascism is x + y + z, and they have x + y + z + a + b + c, that's still fascism, with some elements specific to that state which aren't inherent to fascism. The "not inherent to fascism" elements of Nazi Germany, for example, are antisemitism and genocide. Among other things. &gt;You don’t see how terrible your logic is? This is literally a strawman. You set up an argument with terrible logic that I have not only never stated, but have explicitly explained to you already why it's bad logic. And then claimed I was making that argument.
Disagree on both.
&gt; so then you admit that four out of your five "core aspects of fascism" are in fact, not exclusive to fascism. I never said anything was "exclusive" to any ideology. In fact, that's what *you've* been saying this entire time and I've been repeatedly disagreeing with you. &gt; Communism (and many other extremist -ism's) share most of the shitty aspects of fascism. No, shitty oppressive states like the USSR do that. Which is why I refer to their supporters as "red fash" or "tankies." &gt;1) racism against certain brown &amp; black populations have been alive and well since before the birth of the country....not since Trump's victory I'm well aware. But the *systemic racism*, that is, the tangible dangers that non-white people face, has increased since the 2016 election. &gt;2) racism against certain brown &amp; black populations is far worse, the farther back in time you go in US's history. Racism is like the stock market: it goes up &amp; down at different times, but if you zoom out &amp; look at its entire history, you see that (on the whole), it's getting less terrible as the years go forward. Sure, and Trump and his administration seek to make racism worse.
Well, no. A misleading claim could be a statement of true fact used in a context intended to bring the listener to an incorrect conclusion. Like most of the time that people bring up crime statistics.
I know that they combined the misleading and 100% false claims, that's why I'm asking for the number of only one of those.
Seems to me that the dog was trained just right. Bit the aggressor.
One round actually costs a couple bucks and a used DVD
He fucked it up from the very beginning. That swastika was always doomed to fail
Exactly. I have no interest in "unifying" with red fash. History shows time and time again that it ends badly.
It's all about calories, carbs and fat have literally nothing to do with it.
No, their decision to eat more makes them eat more. You can always put the food down, dawg.
That's the point, though. She literally doesn't do anything useful. She just lives in unimaginable luxury while others worry about how they're gonna eat.
&gt; he problem is that when people have claimed to have implemented it by name (socialism with Chinese characteristics, People’s X, etc.) or, whichever other way it is, it has consistently led to—though it definitely is not the major cause, pretty bad conditions, The same can be said of capitalism Or literally any system
Just get the Steam version and run it, also check if movies work. If they don't, go to the game's folder and set thief.exe to run as administrator (in properties -&gt; compatibility) and see if the movies play then. If that doesn't work, I can offer other advice. It should just work as-is or with administrator, though.
Waht aoubt oomnoeiatpoa Yeah maybe it doesn't work lmao
&gt;Massive electric field generators and cosmic location markers I'd love to see where you got more evidence for these than for them being tombs.
&gt; That maybe this random sailor isn't some dastardly serial rapist and maybe just a guy who was excited to be finally home from one of the biggest wars in history and wanted everyone to know it. He walked up to random women and sexually assaulted them. I don't care what you want to call him, that's a shit thing to do and you should stop justifying it.
Haha, I kinda like it. It's almost surreal. Like I look at that and I'm like "that's a staircase next to a building with windows" and my brain's just like "no dude, I don't know what that is, but it's not what you think" On a technical level though, that's impressively shit. Wow.
I kinda like the statue of liberty one, it's decent for absolute beginner stuff. Still funny though
&gt;Though if you didn't know, a citizen started a GoFund for the wall, last I heard they raised over 9 million. Let me put this into perspective for you. A million seconds is 11 and a half days. A billion seconds is almost 32 years. In other words, that gofundme is doing absolutely nothing.
Grab and pull, I guess. I don't think they're hard to remove.
[All three of these "see also" incidents happened in Okinawa](https://i.imgur.com/QbLRmUc.png) Dude if I lived in Okinawa I'd be demanding these pigs get the fuck out. Holy shit.
They have a weird grassy kind of flavor. I don't hate it, honestly.
It was just the intro, there was nothing risky
None of that shows anyone from PETA supporting Arpaio in any way, shape, or form. Of course the animal rights activists are happy to hear less people are being fed meat. That's the only thing they even comment on.
https://i.imgur.com/1jZvN7L.png It's the very first one for me.
&gt; job security be damned. See that's all well and good until you need to eat food using money
If you get fired and they hire someone new who doesn't help the children, guess what, the children are still in a shit situation institutional problems are not solved by personal sacrifice, they are solved through institutional change
What?
You'd get used to it, I guarantee
I literally have no idea how you could possibly not tell that was sarcastic you have no excuse
this but unironically if anything snipers are kind of weak
&gt; Because you think there's some media cabal to make PETA look bad. Animal agriculture is a huge industry, PETA is a big opponent. Put two and two together. There absolutely is a semi-organized effort to paint PETA in a bad light in the media. &gt;You only ever proved the killing animals thing was a narrative lacking context, it wasn't even false information At least 2 of those 10 points were literally outright lies, completely fabricated by whoever wrote the article. &gt;my main point that they were bigoted idiots Evidence for this: *crickets chirping* &gt;who were bad at activism https://www.peta.org/about-peta/victories/ &gt;but great at attention seeking. That's like 90% of effective activism.
Use defense matrix only on cooldowns (fire strike, moira's balls, sleep dart, reaper/soldier ult, etc) or extreme damage (turret bastion, reaper). Don't waste it on random garbage, it's one of the best abilities in the game. Never stop shooting things, the lack of reloads really adds up. Control the high ground, dive the fuck out of anyone who tries to take the high ground alone.
They decided not to take the story in any direction*
Not sure why everyone is throwing a tantrum over me basically saying "hey guys, let's not be assholes"
&gt;one party wants to save the world fucking no lmao One party wants to make money by any means necessary, the other party wants to make money by any means necessary. The only thing they disagree on is how much evil shit they should do right out in the open. Democrats hide the evil shit a tiny bit better.
Just jump into quickplay and play. There's no secret to competitive games, no quick tips to get good, no tricks to knowing what you need to do. These kinds of games are all dominated by whoever's played them the most. Get experience.
I'm 100% certain you deserve the punishment at this point. So many excuses. "He did it first" hasn't been an acceptable excuse since we were 4, Mr. Adultman. Mute them and move on.
There's no such thing as a "team experience" in quickplay lol Most of the time no one communicates, everyone just plays whatever they feel like trying out and nobody's really trying to win.
Piracy is a good thing, and an important tool for consumers against corporations.
So what?
Piracy isn't stealing. And, it depends entirely on who is being stolen from and what is being stolen.
https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/bx11v2/screw_that_guy_and_the_kids_parents_as_well/eq3dedh/ "Literally beat your wife into submission." -T_D user, unironically.
You go to jail for murder too, that doesn't make murder the same thing as theft lmao
&gt; I don't believe veganism is sufficiently nutritious. Well, let's see what the experts say, shall we? **[Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27886704/)** * *It is the position of the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics that appropriately planned vegetarian, including vegan, diets are healthful, nutritionally adequate, and may provide health benefits for the prevention and treatment of certain diseases. These diets are appropriate for all stages of the life cycle, including pregnancy, lactation, infancy, childhood, adolescence, older adulthood, and for athletes.* **[Dietitians of Canada](https://www.dietitians.ca/Downloads/Factsheets/Guidlines-for-Vegans.aspx)** * *A healthy vegan diet can meet all your nutrient needs at any stage of life including when you are pregnant, breastfeeding or for older adults.* **[The British National Health Service](http://www.nhs.uk/Livewell/Vegetarianhealth/Pages/Vegandiets.aspx)** * *With good planning and an understanding of what makes up a healthy, balanced vegan diet, you can get all the nutrients your body needs.* **[The British Nutrition Foundation](https://www.nutrition.org.uk/bnf-publications/briefingpapers/vegetarian-nutrition)** * *A well-planned, balanced vegetarian or vegan diet can be nutritionally adequate ... Studies of UK vegetarian and vegan children have revealed that their growth and development are within the normal range.* **[The Dietitians Association of Australia](https://daa.asn.au/smart-eating-for-you/smart-eating-fast-facts/healthy-eating/vegan-diets-facts-tips-and-considerations/)** * *Vegan diets are a type of vegetarian diet, where only plant-based foods are eaten. With good planning, those following a vegan diet can cover all their nutrient bases, but there are some extra things to consider.* **[The United States Department of Agriculture](http://www.choosemyplate.gov/tips-vegetarians)** * *Vegetarian diets (*see context*) can meet all the recommendations for nutrients. The key is to consume a variety of foods and the right amount of foods to meet your calorie needs. Follow the food group recommendations for your age, sex, and activity level to get the right amount of food and the variety of foods needed for nutrient adequacy. Nutrients that vegetarians may need to focus on include protein, iron, calcium, zinc, and vitamin B12.* **[The National Health and Medical Research Council](https://nhmrc.gov.au/about-us/publications/australian-dietary-guidelines)** * *Appropriately planned vegetarian diets, including total vegetarian or vegan diets, are healthy and nutritionally adequate. Well-planned vegetarian diets are appropriate for individuals during all stages of the lifecycle. Those following a strict vegetarian or vegan diet can meet nutrient requirements as long as energy needs are met and an appropriate variety of plant foods are eaten throughout the day* **[The Mayo Clinic](http://www.mayoclinic.org/healthy-living/nutrition-and-healthy-eating/in-depth/vegetarian-diet/art-20046446)** * *A well-planned vegetarian diet (*see context*) can meet the needs of people of all ages, including children, teenagers, and pregnant or breast-feeding women. The key is to be aware of your nutritional needs so that you plan a diet that meets them.* **[The Heart and Stroke Foundation of Canada](https://www.heartandstroke.ca/get-healthy/healthy-eating/specific-diets/for-vegetarians)** * *Vegetarian diets (*see context*) can provide all the nutrients you need at any age, as well as some additional health benefits.* **[Harvard Medical School](http://www.health.harvard.edu/staying-healthy/becoming-a-vegetarian)** * *Traditionally, research into vegetarianism focused mainly on potential nutritional deficiencies, but in recent years, the pendulum has swung the other way, and studies are confirming the health benefits of meat-free eating. Nowadays, plant-based eating is recognized as not only nutritionally sufficient but also as a way to reduce the risk for many chronic illnesses.* **[British Dietetic Association](https://www.bda.uk.com/foodfacts/vegetarianfoodfacts.pdf)** * *Well planned vegetarian diets (*see context*) can be nutritious and healthy. They are associated with lower risks of heart disease, high blood pressure, Type 2 diabetes, obesity, certain cancers and lower cholesterol levels. This could be because such diets are lower in saturated fat, contain fewer calories and more fiber and phytonutrients/phytochemicals (these can have protective properties) than non-vegetarian diets. (...) Well-planned vegetarian diets are appropriate for all stages of life and have many benefits.*
&gt; And if we all went vegan we'd be letting a lot of people suffer. many people can't start nor sustain a vegan diet. Very few people are incapable of eating a vegan diet. A negligible amount. &gt;Pets would be forced to eat vegan food. Veganism does not involve animals, animals are not moral agents. You don't even understand the basics of veganism. The actual ideal scenario is to stop breeding pets for pleasure. Animals are not toys. &gt;To say nothing of the environmental damage caused by plant agriculture, What do you think livestock animals eat? If everyone in the world was vegan, we would be farming *less plants than we are now.*
My dude, what the fuck are you on about?
&gt; I purchase what I can with what I have as ethcially as possible. Except the part where you unnecessarily purchase the flesh of tortured and murdered animals because it tastes good.
Neither of those links support the idea that a non-negligible amount of people are incapable of eating a vegan diet.
Are you, a moderator of /r/anarchism, asking me to explain to you the basics of anarcho-communism?
I'm just trying to understand the context of the question. I could explain to you the basics of anarcho-communism, but I'm fairly certain you already know, so what I'm trying to understand is what answer you're looking for.
I'm still not sure I understand what you're implying.
&gt; It's called the rule of law. Okay, so work through this problem with me. 1. The legal system is what determines whether someone is a criminal. 2. Trump has not been found guilty of anything by the legal system. 3. Therefore he's not a criminal. Yeah? Just following your logic here.
Meditation is pretty personal. There are countless "tricks" to it but the end result is basically the same. Try the FAQ [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/Meditation/wiki/faq).
That's not how that works. "Unicorns aren't real" is not a claim. In order to prove me wrong when I say "unicorns aren't real," you would need to show me evidence unicorns are real. The default state is to not believe in things.
Are you currently denying science? How am I supposed to debate with this?
The hammer and sickle is a symbol of the working class. I'm not particularly attached to any symbol, any flag, or any other representation. Who cares, really. But there's no reason to interpret the hammer and sickle as a symbol of the Soviet Union specifically.
&gt; if someone isn't going to the police for the supposed problem, then there's more to the story I wouldn't go to the fucking cops if you paid me. A lawyer, maybe, if I could afford it. Cops, fucking never
Or maybe I just want to limit my interactions with violent fascist thugs with a license to murder me with no repercussions as much as possible. Ever considered that, you cowardly bootlicking scum?
Absolutely right. That's why we should end animal agriculture, too. Watch [Earthlings](https://vimeo.com/209647801)
We're all comrades here dude, can you try to explain what you're talking about?
&gt; You're just making an appeal to authority. You're just making an appeal to your own asshole, though. The things you're saying are backed up by precisely nothing.
&gt; You may think you get plenty of iron Are you now disagreeing with the doctors who do my blood tests? About the amount of iron I am personally getting? Digging even deeper into the science-denial hole, I see.
No one said it was coined by stalin, they said it was coined by stalinists
&gt; but at the end of the day, they are humans, and they do have rights The world would be a better place if every member of the KKK was brutally murdered.
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/461692800484769802/530611880209678349/riseup.png
Someone who actually cares about learning about the world would at least have googled that. You only care about arguing and being right at all costs.
And then people will get food, oh the horror.
Both those subs are way better than this one. With the existence of /r/veganforcirclejerkers, there's almost no point to this one.
&gt; LSC just bans you the second you try to say "y'know, economics is far more complex than 'capitalism bad'". why are you going around trying to make arguments about economics in a sub about shitty carnist garbage
You literally don't know what socialism means, pick up a book.
Sure, but the point I'm making is that the workers owning the means of production has literally nothing to do with socialized healthcare. The fact that you think they are related shows that you have no practical understanding of what socialism is, even if you are capable of copy/pasting a definition from the internet.
I'd date a pre-op trans woman but not a post-op one. The surgery is really not great and I don't want any part of it.
Doubt it
Children can't consent you fucking subhuman
All "real" communists are anarchists, since communism refers to a stateless, classless (among other things) society.
True, but they're new and most Star Wars media predates them. Additionally, they are probably going to be more of the same "chosen one" and "galaxy wide threat" and "big armies" and "important politics" stuff that I really, *really* don't want to see, yeah?
Penally challenged
Hey there friends. I played a long while back, I have a preferred account and a level 65 jedi sage, but I remember almost literally nothing about the game. I may as well be a totally new player with a high level character. I jumped in and don't remember most of the menus, I seem to need to reallocate all my skills or whatever (k menu) and I'm not totally sure exactly what to be doing. Any tips on where to start?
Thanks, I was afraid I'd remove the app from my phone but then my account would suddenly realize it's supposed to be linked and then I wouldn't be able to get into the account. But I gave it a day and it still wasn't setup so I reinstalled the app and it worked this time.
She's right, and all the rest of them there are pieces of trash
I literally got banned from there for saying North Korea is obviously not a democracy. I'm not exaggerating or leaving out information, it was a very short comment.
And if I had wheels I'd be a bike
The phrase "extreme liberals" never ceases to amuse me. republicans *are* extreme liberals, democrats are mild as shit liberals
&gt; This fundamental approach has gotten me consistently to T500 That's because you're a T500 player. For, for example, a gold player, the experience climbing the ladder will be completely different. What works for you does not work for everyone because the way you play the game is fundamentally different from them.
Hahaha what? I'm literally a communist.
Wait, people in star trek exploit animals? Don't they *magically produce food with tech on their ships?*
stating a fact is not trolling
&gt; Even though it was a really good strat to tilt the enemy by flanking and distracting them It's also not particularly fun or sportsmanlike and if you pulled that kind of shit in any other competitive activity in the real world you'd get banned from it far faster
&gt; You do the best you can, as a tank, you can only enable your DPS as much as you can. That's what I'm asking how to do. You've answered "How do I maximize my personal impact against a bunker comp as a tank without a reliable team" with "maximize your personal impact against the bunker comp as a tank or don't play tank." Not sure you get the concept of this sub.
&gt; Often the difference between gold silver and bronze is barely anything Sometimes there's literally no difference. Some dude will be like "man you suck, look ive got gold elims" and im just like "bro me too"
Sure, but that doesn't help me win the match.
&gt; sheep have been domesticated and selectively breed for literally thousands of years they need to be sheared Yes, this is the exact objection we have and why wool is not vegan. The vegan answer is to stop breeding animals which require human care. Let sheep die out.
They would die of heatstroke / exhaustion because sheep don't shed their fur.
Hah, I wish. I already oneshot big non-boss dudes as a paladin, imagine if you could just walk around one-shotting CR-appropriate dragons.
"Swap off tank for a counter-cheese DPS" seems to be a pretty common suggestion. Maybe I should learn one for just that situation.
&gt; CR works fine Oh, come on. This is just obviously fucking wrong. CR is an extremely flawed system.
According to the 5e monster manual, there are a couple different types of dragons who aren't particularly opposed to shapeshifting and then living among normal people. &gt;Silver dragons enjoy the company of other silver dragons. Their only true friendships outside their own kin arise in the company of humanoids, and many silver dragons spend as much time in humanoid form as they do in draconic form. A silver dragon adopts a benign humanoid persona such as a kindly old sage or a young wanderer, and it often has mortal companions with whom it develops strong friendships. &gt;Silver dragons must step away from their humanoid lives on a regular basis, returning to their true forms to mate and rear offspring, or to tend to their hoards and personal affairs. Because many lose track of time while away, they sometimes return to find that their companions have grown old or died. Silver dragons often end up befriending several generations of humanoids within a single family as a result.
He did it for all of 6 patches before the game even had a ranked mode. Frankly, there was not a single person in the world at that time who knew what was or was not "bad for the game."
&gt; No one uses the term "leftist" to describe anyone... Socialists like myself absolutely do use the term leftist to describe ourselves, generally in the sense of "leftist, not liberal."
&gt;shouting about Nazi violence does not hide the Communist violence, which is infinitely more sinister and subversive in its spread This is my favorite part of that comment. "Communist violence [against fascists] is infinitely more sinister [than fascist violence against innocent people.]" ***INFINITELY*** more sinister
&gt; And cmon, the Salvation Army? Christ. God forbid poor kids get free clothing and furniture. You should look a little more into it. Salvation Army is absolutely terrible
What?
15, 15, 15, 8, 8, 8 isn't really ideal, so if they want to do that, I don't see why you should have an issue with it. It's a very inefficient use of points.
&gt; Most followers of Eilistraee are also evil. They are just lawful evil. What? She is a chaotic good goddess. Mechanically, you literally can't even be a lawful *or* evil cleric of Eilistraee. At most you could be neutral good or chaotic neutral.
The only evil character I've ever made is a chaotic evil ... life domain cleric. You see, she worships a god of pain. All kinds of pain. Her goal is to bring out as much physical and emotional pain as she can. The physical part is why she's an adventurer and a life cleric. You can torture someone to the brink of death and heal them back up and do it all over again. Lotta pain per victim. The emotional pain part is what makes it really interesting though. This is why she works in a party. She's an elf. She's got plenty of time. She'll fight alongside a party, do all the quests and save the world or whatever, all to make a few friends. She'll stick with them for their natural lives. They'll be like family. And then, probably years or decades down the line, she will betray them all in whatever way she can find to hurt them the most. That was my thought experiment for making a chaotic evil character work in a good-aligned party. I thought it was fun.
"Lawful" alignment has literally nothing to do with following the written rules of the society you're in
Okay, the way you interpret it is illogical and dumb, just like the way most people interpret alignment. That's a big part of why alignment is a completely useless system -- most people have no idea what any of the alignments even mean.
Point is, "Lawful means you follow the law" is a juvenile and obviously incorrect interpretation of the lawful alignment. It's a cosmic-scale morality system. It's about the nature of the forces in the various planes. Law vs Chaos is about whether things should ideally be strictly structured or decentralized and "natural." It's a broad "order vs nature" axis. If you are lawful, it means you ideally think people should live according to a strong societal hierarchy and social order. It has nothing to do with any individual country and its ever-changing laws.
&gt; implying all foods are equally filling Of course not, but "filling" is a feeling and is immaterial. Calories are the part that actually matters. Fewer calories = less weight, get used to it.
It really doesn't look much like a joke to me, but I should know better than to expect anything from fascists anyway
mods should've told the admins to eat shit when they came around with the ban threat tbh
No sir, those chairs appear fully submerged to me.
&gt; If people went vegan and stopped eating beef, drinking milk and using leather then surely those cows wouldn't exist? Good. That's literally the goal.
We want to save them from short lives of torture before a brutal death. Why do you want to force them into such lives?
No, mods are just regular users and aside from the internet police powers they get there is literally no benefit to being one. Admins (that is, actual reddit employees) can just gild anything they want.
It's not like she wasn't already well aware of his anger issues before that incident. *I* was aware of them and I'm not his girlfriend. Clearly it's not considered a dealbreaker for her. Let him live, learn, get whatever assistance he might need, and she'll still be along for the ride. She's obviously in a far better situation to determine whether she's in danger. And at the end of the day, he destroyed a bunch of stuff. Stuff is replaceable and we all know the dude has boatloads of money lying around. All in all, by far not the worst issues a dude could have.
Uh, anyone who understands the basics of politics? Democrats are traditional capitalist conservatives. They only rarely move left and it's only ever a token effort to make them look human enough to be elected.
https://i.imgur.com/MMRigZZ.png This guy? The one born in 37 CE? What the hell would he know about Jesus?
We know Einstein existed because a lot of people who lived at the same time as him recorded various types of evidence of his existence. You know, the way people do when they are living alongside a clearly important figure. If the *best* evidence we had that Einstein existed was a dude born 37 years after his supposed death wrote that he existed, why the hell would you believe Einstein existed?
