A perusal of /r/relationships may disabuse you of that notion.
Good for you for having the guts to have that conversation, and for him for actually listening to you without a wig out. You and your mom are so awesome that I'm coming to see you for a couple of weeks.
Youre simply enabling these people. The money you give your brother goes to drugs. Your sister could have used birth control, could have terminated, can apply for social services, can take the father of her child to court. Just because your parents assigned you to give away your money does not oblige you to do so. You can do anything you want. You can say no the next time you are asked, or you can put monetary limits and conditions on your gifts. For instance, maybe you could tell your brother that you can give him a maximum if X amount (whatever works for you) but he has to take and pass a drug test right in front of you. You can offer your sister Y but only after she has gotten.herself lined up with social services and is taking birth control. Tell them.individually, ahead of time, and let them know that whether or not you give money is between you and them, but if they go whining to your parents, or hit your parents up, they get nothing. It may wise to inform them individually and ahead of time of your conditions. You have all the power here. If your parents disapprove, you have to be able to weather their disapproval. You are an adult and it is your money. You are not obliged to allow them to berate you. They are operating under the assumption that your money is theirs to use as they see fit tp assuage themselves they are good parents. When you try to set limits, they will get angry and.try to guilt trip you for no longer allowing them to do so. This will be a sign that they don't really love you; they are just using you as an ATM. You are not obliged to humor people who see you as an ATM. You owe no one anything, less so if they are unappreciative and only interact with you when they want to take from you. Unfortunately, some people will only respect you if you force them to do so. If they are making demands that don't suit you, berating you, or guilt tripping you, you have the power to hang up, walk away, block their calls and texts for awhile, and block them on social media.
In fact, it will get worse. He will push it absolutely as far as he can.
Yep, my mom paid $20 per month for decades to rent this old ass rotary phone the likes of which could have been purchased in a Goodwill for $5.
Since you're only a month in, this is one of the few cases where you can hit the pause button. Tell her that if she wants to be with you more than with the ex, she has to cut off contact, which would include returning the gift, blocking his calls and texts, blocking him on all social media, and asking friends not to pass on gifts or messages. However, if she wants to explore getting back together with him, since you're only a month in, you two can put this relationship on hold while she works that out. That means you don't go out, you aren't in communication, and she doesnt subject you to long speculations about him. If at the end of that road she still wants to see you, she can contact you for a restart to see if you're still free and are feeling it. However, if she does so, that means that she is leaving this guy behind for good.
Listen.This has nothing to do with your original question, but have you taken your ex to court to arrange alimony and child support? If not, get that locked down.
This behavior is called splitting and it may be a symptom of a serious psychological disorder, such as a personality disorder. As you are coming to realize, you will find yourself stifling expression of your emotions and opinions, and policing your behavior more and more in order not to remain on your good side. You will soon feel like you are walking on eggshells, if you aren't already. Do a search on *splitting* or *splitting bpd*. Go to a website called Out of the FOG, where you will find splitting in the Glossary. Then read over the website, asking yourself how much of what they are talking about sounds familiar. You know it's only a matter of time before she splits you and makes you out to be the bad guy, right?
I.hope.you are aware that marriage does not legally oblige a man to provide for a woman. Alimony is ordered in a long term marriage ib ehich one partner has sacrificed their career for the well being the the union, for instance when one spouse had given up their career to raise children or for a big geographical move that benefits one spouse's career at the expense of the other's. It's not like when people get a divorce a judge bangs a gavel and says, "Ok, dude, pony up!" And anybody who says so is quite possibly exaggerating the actual facts.
My son, aged 22, wants to be a musician more than anything else. He is very talented. I thibk he deserves all the success in the workd. He dedicates himself fully to his art and his career. His group released an EP of his songs last year, and just released two remuxes of his latest song. You know what else he does? He works a physically demanding job as a busboy at an elite hotel so that he can be a partner to his girlfriend because being financially dependent is not even on the table. I get your dilemma--your boyfriend sounds like a great guy ans a great partner in many ways. But sometimes a partner can be great for ine stage of your life, but inadequate to go next level with. If you are resentful.now, you will be resentful being married to this guy. If you want kuds, that raises the stakes considerably, because kids are expensive. You don't owe them.all the things like lessons and gewgaws, but you sure as hell owe them stability. If you want to see whar chronic stress does to kids, visit an inner city school sometime. At 28, he needs to start working at a something, even if as a barista, bus boy, professional driver, substitute teacher. Maybe he could work as a paralegal, why not. That second income will make a big difference, both financially and psychologically, and for his own self esteem. As an added benefit, it will.make his writing better. But ultimately, this is about how you feel. You are not comfortable being with a chronically unemployed partner. It is as simple as that. I think should start making plans to move out and give him a one month deadline to get a job of at least 30 hours a week doing anything. If you are in the U.S., there are jobs for anyone who wants one. The economy.is cyclical, and this state if affairs is not going to last forever, so if he wants to get a starter job, there's no time like the present. *Do not* get guilty about it and take on the labor of writing his resume, pushing leads on.him, etc. Make your ultimatum and let him figure out what he wants to do about it. Then if he hasn't gotten a job within about a month or so, you have your answer and I'm sorry, you will have to follow through and leave. This is about how you feel. You are not happy with a stay at home partner, even one who is awesome in every other way. Much as you try to suppress your feeling, you can't. Therefore, honestly facing this reality is in everyone's best interest.
She does sound a bit jealous, but I get where she is coming from. For years I supported my husband (now ex) working a series of stressful jobs. He eas in grad school, then working as an adjunct faculty, which earned him a whopping $10,000 per year. It was a bit of a strain knowing that if something happened to me, there would be no wiggle room, and also there was no way for me to contemplete.changjng careers. Maybe that's OP's dilemma. Just a speculation though.
Throw yourself into it. That's all you can do. Look on the bright side. Your patience, maturity, and people skills will improve rapidly. If you are resourceful and resilient, your child will learn these qualities. Your kid may not have everything, but you know what, it turns out that having everything is no better for kids than having nothing. Look up healthy communication and I-statements. Figure out what you want to do with the relationship with your co-parent going forward. Is this child coming into an established, reasonably healthy relationship? If not, you don't have to live together in order to be effective, loving parents. It is much better for the child not to grow up witnessing parents who fight or coexist in a bitter and cold detante. The children of such unions write in to /r/relationships and not a one has ever said, "I am so glad my parents stayed together for my sake." If you live apart, set up custody and child support as soon as the chimd leaves the hospital, and follow all court orders to the letter. If there is a problem with the arrangements that you can't resolve with the co-parent, or if they are violate the orders regularly, take it to the judge. Courts can be frustrating and intimidating, but they are better than the alternative, which is chaos and one or more parties getting screwed, especially the kid. If your co-parent is a truly problematic person, vow to be next level. You child will probably come to understand which household is the way he or she wants to be. For instance, once your child is a toddler, if your co parent gives in whenever the child cries, and you don't, kiddo will quickly learn what doesn't fly with you. From the time they can talk, let your child practice making small decisions. Get into the habit of talking their, and also your, decisions out with them. Let them know things about adult life in an age appropriate way. Let your child be honest with you. Train yourself not to freak the fuck out (at least not that they can see, lol) when they come to you with disturbing shit because that is going to start way earlier than you expect. Visit /r/dogtraining. Note their philosophy, which is as positive as possible. 90% of the discipline you do should be in the form of stating and reinforcing what you want your kid to do instead of punishing them for what you don't want them to do. Really. Please, please trust me on this. For instance, let's say your child is pitching a fit in public because they want a toy. Step One is to figure out what their real issue is. If they are hungry, thirsty, tired, hot, cold, or have been too cooped up, punishment is 100% pointless. No, don't buy the damn toy, I'm not saying that. You stay chill, comfort the kid, take them out of the situation as soon as possible, and fix the problem. Let's say the kid is fine, but still pitching one. Again, comfort the kid and agree with him or her. "Yeah, that's a cool car/cute bear" or "I'm bored too," some kind of honest reaction. Then try to distract them. If they are still freaking, make comforting gestures. If they get physically out of control, find a way to control their body without hurting them. Look it up. Just keep your cool, accept that many little kids have a tantrum phase, and they will eventually grow out of it. If people are giving you dirty looks, ignore them. They don't matter. You don't have to make the kid's freakout your freakout. Learn to prioritize. If the child is being cared for, your home is basically clean enough, has food and clothing, and you are giving the child an appropriate amount of attention and love, everything else is secondary. Learn how to have fun with your kid. People always say that babies are boring potatoes. That attitude is unhelpful and actually wrong. If you dont have baby rabies--I never did, either--just keep reminding yourself that under that unreasonably helpless, inarticulate exterior, the child is actually taking in far more than you realize, especially language and emotion. Talk things over with the baby as if he or she gets it. Always keep talking to your kid with respect. You can set limits, but respectfully. You don't have to violate their dignity or resort to hitting; that never helps. If you are stressed to the limit, figure out how not to be. Start learning how to manage your stress now. If you have been putting off taking care of a mental health issue, get on top of that now. Learn how to manage your self talk. Look on the bright side. Once your child has grown,
We can't link, but we can post it. /u/TenseMama, the National Domestic Violence Hotline can help you develop a safety plan based on your specific circumstances. Go to thehotline.org where you can open a chat window if talking openly is too dangerous. If you have a minute alone you can call 800-799-7233. The basic idea is that the safety of you and your baby is #1. Everything else is secondary. Forget documenting things, etc. On the down low, pack a bag with your documents (yours and the baby's birth certificates, any immigration papers or passports, social security cards, any IDs). Include phone and laptop chargers, essential toiletries, a couple of days' change of clothes for you and baby, coats, and cash. Now that stuff is nice to have, it's convenient to have, but in the end stuff is just stuff. **If at any time you are afraid for yourself or the baby, flee the house immediately and call the police**. **If he physically blocks you, lock yourself and the baby in the bathroom and call the police**. Do not worry about overreacting. If anything, you have been trained to underreact. The most dangerous time is when an abuse victim is thinking about leaving. Do not worry about calling the police. Your primary responsibility is to your baby. If something happened to you, what would become of the baby living with a man like that? So you have a moral obligation to stay safe. Once you are out, block his calls and texts, block him on all social media, and turn the location off on your phone. If you have an iPhone, make sure that Find my Phone is turned off. Since your phone may have monitoring software you don't know about, you would probably be safest ditching the phone altogether, or turning if off and using a burner phone. Only tell the new number to your parents and 100% trustworthy people. This way, he can't pester you, manipulate you, and guilt trip you into coming back.
&gt; First man I was was with for 3 years, sometimes he would make me wait 4 months to see him, sometimes 2 weeks. Oh, honey. He *made* you? I think you were the side piece on that one. &gt; I feel like I'm asking too much wanting to see someone at least once a week but why is it these days that is a tall ask? I'm worried if I ask for more I'll look like the crazy clingy woman, when actually it's that I enjoy their company and need sex more often than they do. OK, let's have a sitdown. /u/jmpgbean, pull up a chair, sweetie. You're not asking too much. If anything, you're asking too little. You end up with men who realize they can get away with using you for the occasional booty call and then discard you. These people are always out there. Don't think that you are some broken person who only attracts unavailable people. The mistake you are making is not being confident with what you want. Telling a guy, XYZ doesn't work for me so I guess we have different needs, see ya," early on does not make you a bunny boiling, clingy, overcontrolling lunatic. The whole point is to find a decent person who wants the same things you want. Upthread there seem to be a lot of people who want a lot of space. That's their thing, ok. If you want a relationship where once you're established, you see each other several times a week with the goal of eventually moving in together and marriage if all goes well, then be upfront about it. Weed out people who don't want that. Edit: added "not."'
Wow, that's a whole new level of scumbag. He would let you go through all that expense and treatments, and then cheat and contemplate suicide rather than use his big boy words to say he didn't want a baby. I'm sorry, but I am not feeling sympathy for his depression. He has proven himself to be untrustworthy. He needs to arrange his own care. Your number one priority is kiddo-to-be. Assuming you want to keep the baby, line up a lawyer and get advice about custody and child support. You probably can't get an actual court order until there is an actual baby, but it would be good to know how much the lawyer would cost so you can get the money together. Meanwhile, get your support people together. Figure out who will live where. I am not a lawyer, neither am I from the UK. Check out /r/legaladviceuk.
It's not a thoughtful gift. He should have done some basic googling. He should have had a chat at a local aquarium store. He should have dropped hints. P.S. Your edit is a great suggestion.
She can't, though, because he's giving her the silent treatment.
Sometimes a person doesn't know what they don't know. In fact, most of us are blissfully aware of the true breadth of our ignorance. I think maybe a person's wisdom can be measured by the extent to which they regard their most cherished knowledge and beliefs with a bit of suspicion (says she who loves to pontificate on Reddit, lol). Yeah, really none of us are in a great place to judge his mentality without personally knowing the people involved. There are a lot of possibilities, some more benign than others. The silent treatment is bothering me though.
Go to the website of the National Domestic Violence Hotline at thehotline.org. You can open up a chat window. They may be able to call the police for you. Ask them to ask for a squad car with no sirens or lights and to tell what room you're in.
Ramón, my 3-year-old marginated. likes to bite bare toes. I let him once because he looked ao cute I thought, what's the worst that could happen? I tell you what, that stung. He also likes to chase male dogs. He doesn't bite them; I'm not sure what his agenda is.
This is the time for you to be strong, not to brush it off. He is not under your roof for much longer. You are still his parent, not his roommate. You created this person, and he is your responsibility. This is not the time to be weak and passive. Did you grow up with heavy drinking or violence, or some other awful behavior that adults swept.under the rug? Because children of addicts and abusive parents learn the kind of thing you and Chelsea are doing right now, denying, minimuzing, sweeping under the rug. First of all, at 17, he should not be coming home dead drunk. If ypu live in the U.S., that is illegal. Even if you don't live in the States, it is not normal for a Monday or Tuesday night. Your son may have a drinking problem, and if he was driving, he could have killed someone. Second, I cannot think of a more dire situation calling for a strong parental response than when your child is either an abuser or a victim. This is not the time to be weak and scared of your own son. This is not the time to be in denial. This is not the time to follow Chelsea's lead in brushing it off. Her response is absolutely typical of an abuse victim. As a first step, you should call a domestic violence hotline in your country. In the U.S., you can call the National.Donestic Violence Hotline at 800-799-7233. Second, you sit your son down and tell him that it is your house and as long as he is living under your roof, he has rules. Number One, no more drinking as he is obviously too young to handle it, either that or he has a drinking problem. If he truly can't quit, you will help him find a treatment program, AA at least if you're broke. If you ever find that he is driving while drunk, you will call the police on him because he could kill people. If he arrives home and you catch even the faintest whiff og alcohol, you will take his keys until he has been sober for a week, meaning seven consecutive days. The next time after that you find out after the fact that he has driven drunk, you are selling his car. In the U.S., at least, a minor does not legally own property, their parents do. Next, address the violence. There is no excuse for abuse, period. If the girl deliverately broke his phone, then the proper response is to make her leave and then she either pays to fix it, buys him a new one, or you and he take her to court. Violence does not fix phones. The next time you see any violence under your roof, you are calling the police, full stop. If he has a pattern of losing control of his anger, get him psychiatric help and insist that he does whatever it takes to develop the habit of controlling himself. The decision to be violent is ultimately a moral one. He has to start with the decision never to raise his hand against another unless it is to physically defend himself when he is cornered or trapped. Hitting and slapping are assault, which is a crime for which he could be incarcerated, even if it's "just jis girlfriend" or she was "being a b----" or any other rationalization he tries to trot out. If he tries to stop your lecture with the excuse that he was drunk, then you say, "Nevertheless,..." and continue. Now that he has shown that drinking makes him capable of violence, that means no more drinking, for the foreseeable future, because as a grown person in an adult body, he needs to do whatever it takes to control himself. You also need to reach out to Chelsea and provide her with some websites about dimedtic violence, such as Scarleteen (general advice goe teens and young adults, but DV is discussed), loveisrespect.org, and thehotline.org. Tell her, too, that there is no excuse for abuse, so she needs to call the police whenever she is being assaulted. You will have zero tolerance for violence under your roof, either against people or property, and that the next time you hear the first hint of raised voices, you are checking up on them if it means breaking the door down, and calling the police when necessary. I am a very permissive parent, much more permissive than most, I think. Punishment is way overrated. Most of the time, a parent needs to use positive reinforcement to build desired behavior instead of punishing to eliminate the negative. The long established theory of behaviorism supports this. Search behaviorism and operant conditioning. That being said, there are certain rare occasions in which a parent must bring down the hammer of Thor in all its might and fury, and this is one of them. You have a rare chance to turn your son away from the path of being an abusive boyfriend, husband, and father. It is all down to you, to this moment.
He disrespected you, then he deliberately humiliated you, and then... &gt; "see what happens if you embarrass me in front of my friends," which gives the the absolute heebie jeebies. Disrespecting you was a dealbreaker. Making a point of deliberately humiliating you is a dealbreaker. Invalidating your feelings because "joke lulz" is a dealbreaker. Making a veiled threat like "see what happens?" That is beyond a red flag, that is a full on Defcon 3 awooga this is not a drill soldiers running around situation. You have dodged a major bullet. He has shown you very clearly what kind of person he is: an abusive one. How much humiliation should a person take? None whatsoever. Why should he be given the chance to humiliate you some more? No one does this kind of thing even one single time unless they believe that it is okay to humiliate their partner. All of your responses have been on point. Now you need to block his calls and texts and block him on all social media.
I am so sorry you had to go through the horrible experience of losing your mate to suicide. I see how I worded my response poorly. I have depression and ADHD, neither of which respond to talking myself out of it. Self talk is a thing that helps manage depression--*helps*-- but to the extent that the depression is caused by biochemistry, genes, and neurology, no, a pep talk doesn't do shit. When I said I don't have sympathy for his depression, what I should have said (because that's what I meant) was that I didn't have sympathy for his depression *as an excuse for letting her have treatments for months and months without peeping one single wors about his doubts*. However, upon reflection, it occurs to me that he may have told himself that his thoughts were wrong and that's why he didn't speak up until the whole thing was intolerable. If someone had lived their life going with what orher people want and thinking if they want something that goes against the flow, which can happen if someone was brought up in an abusive or extremely invalidating household, I can see how that can happen. All the same: &gt; I have been with my husband for 6 years and married for 2.5. We have been trying for a baby for 3 years and it just wasn’t happening. We both wanted it really bad so started getting tests done. That is a very long time to let OP carry on thinking that he was on board as well. That's why I was so angry.
Or conduct disorder. The lack of remorse is very disturbing.
That's called splitting, and it's a symptom of some personality disorders.
Are you complying with all of this because you are afraid your husband will leave or cheat if you didn't? Your OP was filled with moments that sounded to me like assault. It's your marriage, not mine, but personally I found it creepy as hell.
I would have to add, being obsessed with other people's figures.
Even if it was due to dementia, which it may well be because by the time someone is on their deathbed all bodily systems are in failure mode, you still don't have to suck it up and go over there if you don't want to. You have done plenty for him over the years. You can find a way to say goodbye in any way you wish--a phone call, a card, an email, a gift basket, a casserole for his wife. You don't have to be in his physical presence and trigger yourself just because he's dying. You get to take care of yourself first and foremost.
A person can abuse without having to beat you physically. There are all kinds of abuse. Not all abuse is physical, but all abusive relationships are also psychologically abusive. You don't ever **have** to stay in a relationship. You can leave any time you want. You can leave just because you're bored and not feeling it anymore. You owe it to people not to cheat, but you don't owe it to anybody to stay with them forever. Just leave him. &gt; My boyfriend does have issues with holding in his anger. When we argue he gets EXTREMELY angry over small things The very first time a person exhibits such behavior, even if they have been absolutely sweet before then, you dump them the instant you are physically out of their presence, completely block their calls, texts, and all all social media, and do not even contemplate letting that person back into your life even if they manage to contact you and show All the Contrition, tears, begging, flowers, gifts, etc. This is instadump material. Therefore, that is what you need to do with this guy. I recommend doing so by text. You don't owe a scary person an in person breakup nor an explanation. "I am breaking up with you. This is a final decision. Please do not contact me again." Then block his calls and texts and block him on all social media. It really is that simple. If he has a key to your house, change your locks first. You can call the National Domestic Violence Hotline at 800-799-7233 for a more detailed safety plan tailored to your particular circumstances.
Telling you way after 6 months of a serious, emotionally committed relationship smells an awful lot like she deliberately got you attached in order to find someone to help take care of her kids. In other words, this all sounds very scammy. I know you love her with an intensity that you have never felt before in your life. I have felt this, too. If you are at all emotionally needy--gor instance, if you have poor self esteem for whatever reason--your relationship with this woman is giving you the kind of bliss that heroin gives people. However, I must agree with the others that this relationship exists only in a dreamworld decontextualized from any day-to-day reality. The closeness you feel is a false one. Anyone can put up any mask online, or.for a couple of weeks at a time, especially if a lot of sex is involved. **If you really has the kind of emotional intimacy that is true love, she would have been honest about her kids. My friend, you are absolutely being scammed. Deep love ***must*** include radical honesty. This woman has already lied about two major aspects of her life. You need to cut her off, cold turkey. Do not bother with a breakup conversation, because she will twist that sweet, tender guilt chain and you will feel like the worst person on earth. Then three years later, after sinking years of your life and tens of thousands of dollars or more to bring her and her kids over, her true nature will become apparent and you will write in begging for help to release you from the hellish trap you have put yourself in. You had a lovely dream. Now please wake up. Cut her off absolutely and completely and don't look back. Look for women who live where you do, women who are normal, not ones who know how to put on the act of their lives, not women who are too good to be true.
Especially to nations known for sex tourism with lots of Western tourists, the kind of tourists with enough money for plane flights.
Check out a site called Out of the FOG. It should be very eye opening.
No, from the narrative she got all drunk and doesn't remember a thing, which means she was too drunk to give consent.
Supposing you heard your baby crying, went to her, and you find that she has a super high fever, like, 104^o . What would you do? Just let her deal? No, you would take her to the hospital. This is the level of emergency you are dealing with with your wife. Depression kills. Your wife has tried twice, and now is medicating herself with alcohol, which means that nit only might she die, she might do so in a way that endangers the baby. Supposing she is driving with the baby in the car? Supposing she succumbs to alcohol poisoning and now the baby is home completely alone? You know what you do when you have huge, stupid medical bills? You declare bankruptcy. Who cares about credit. Are you going to care about credit if something hapoens to your wife or baby? This situation is way, way, way, way above your paygrade. You cannot prevent a person feom committing suicide. You cannot control a person's drinking. You cannot cure someone's depression. Furthermore, maybe she shouldn't have full custody of the other child. She is too ill to take care of him. How bad would it fuck up that boy to walk in on his mother with her wrists slit and dripping blood? You need to start by calling the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 800-799-7233. Tell them the whole story and ask for advice. Ask them what community resources are available. Ask them when to call 911. Ask them what they know about navigating hospital billing departments and how to get them to keep her. Ask them what to do about the baby.
&gt; My biggest fear in this is that i meet up with him, we say goodbye, the next day he rejects me :/ I’ll 100% put it on my looks. I am kind of worried about you going into the dating pool with this kind of insecurity. There are some shitty people out there who will be delighted to meet a young woman who devalues herself for her skin and teeth, because they will be able to manipulate you into all kinds of things just with a few scattered compliments. Don't ask for guys you barely know for reassurance about your looks. Asking a guy you barely know for reassurance about your looks is not how you find love, and certainly not how you find respect. You have value besides as a piece of meat. Instead of going into this thinking that you are ugly and have to prove yourself, then you have it backwards. The guys have to prove that they are good enough to you. Before going on any dates, I want you to figure out how to be proud of yourself and to find validation from within. I want you to read the websites Scarleteen and Captain Awkward throughly. Also, learn as much as you can about the dynamics of abusive and manipulative relationships. Consider it kind of like a vaccine.
You don't ever **need** to trust somebody. Trust is a feeling. Do you trust her? Well, if you're miserable right now and hitting the GPS tracker over and over again, you don't, with good reason. She doesn't sound remotely trustworthy. However, my opinion isn't important, yours is. Do you trust her? If not, this thing is done. Hire a lawyer, get off the phone plan, and move on. Her ordering you to trust you is as absurd as if she had.ordered you to be happy instead of sad and calm instead of anxious. It is typical alcoholic behavior, sweeping obvious truths under the rug, keeping up with the lies and rationalizations. You don't have to do this anymore. If you aren't happy being married to an active alcoholic, go ahead and dump her. If it's any reassurance, alcoholism is a huge dealbreaker for most people, as well it should
They will have an extinction burst and start making everything an emergency. If it is an emergency, OP needs to call 911, every single time.
A 13-year-old can mind himself for a few hours. What he probably needs more than minding is counseling and another relative to take him in, get guardianship, and actually do the hard work of raising him.
A the research shows that authoritarian parenting results in anxious, depressed young adults who.lack confidence. Your wife is crippling your son just as surely as if he was a toddler and she kept him strapped in a stroller all day to keep him from walking or running. Someday, he may write in here, where he will be urged to make and to move out as soon as possible, achieve complete independence, and cut out his narcissistic, overcontrolling mother and enabling father as soon as possible. You should stand up for your son's right to grow up by whatever means necessary. As a first step, show her research on helicopter parenting. Step Two, take her to a child psychologist for a discussion about parenting in a developmentally appropriate manner. Step Three, couples counseling. Step Four, Separation and divorce if necessary. Your son has no one to stand up for him except for you. If he is unleashed onto the world stunted the way your wife wishes, he will not be ok. His growth and mental health is at stake. You need to make this the hill you die on.
Yes, but it's actually good news--it means that the undesirable behavior is on its way to extinction. Imagine you're a rat who gets a treat every time she presses a lever. One day the treats stop coming. The rat starts hitting the lever a lot, because the damn thing always worked before. One of two things happen. If the lever is completely dried up, the rat will give up on it. The behavior is extinguished. But if, after a half day of lever hitting, one magic pellet drops out, the rat has just been taught to hit the lever even more. Now the next time the lever stops producing, the rat will persist.for a full day or more. With these people, you have to anticipate how tough it will be for you and have your go to phrases memorized and ready. One respondent recommended taping the word "NO" to the inside of the front door. That's not a bad idea. You can even make some variation on the theme as long as it are short and offer neither apologies, excuses, or phrases like "at the moment" or "right now" because those are invitations to try again later. Perhaps the best would be: **We can't do that**. **Nonetheless, we can't do that**. **Because we can't**. That should really cover the whole conversation. Another user had suggested that you prepare an invoice for the costs and labor associated with caring for the boy. I agree! You can include the cost of utilities and food, caring for the dogs based on the going price for pet boarding in your area, the price of gas for two round trips to the airport, and lost wages for your husband to take the time to pick them up. From personal experience, nothing makes a mooch disappear faster than asking for money they owe you. Tape a copy of this invoice to the inside of your door. Every time the boy comes over, ask if he has the $$$ (name the exact figure) yet. That way, you can say, **We can't do that. Could you ask your parents for the $700 they owe us?" If he/ they say no, they don't have the money, just repeat that you need tge money. Always turn the conversation back to the money. If they say they don't have the money but they will on Monday, say that you need to money paid back in full. If the kid brings $20, thank him and send him home with a signed note saying that $20 has been paid on X date and now they only owe $680. You still do not do any errand as long as they still owe. If they or the kid tell you some insult, especially an especially hurtful one like you have turned into bad Christians or something, don't even answer that. Close the door. The conversation is over. Your husband **must* be on board with you on this. Show him this thread. That should speed things up. In case the boy claims a real dramatic emergency, call 911. Don't even try play doctor or rescuer. Without special training or equipment, you cannot help them anyway.
The assertion you showed us right here, right now? See, you do have it in you! :D
&gt; I plan to make different decisions going forward. &gt; If someone disagree with my choice then I'm ok with that. &gt; I feel good about the plans to resolve the problem. These are your own words, very gently massaged to turn them into affirmations. Why not write or print this out and post it by the door or on your mirror? I think I might write them out for myself!
Season 2 of The Crown addresses this. Since I personally can get annoyed at pop culture references in comments, let me give you an executive summary: bffs generally do the same things together.
Brought to you by John Roberts. W nominated the most generic, inoffensive, bland guy, with little track record of any sort, and the guy becomes Chief Justice. You'll never guess what passed very soon after he stepped up. My hypothesis is that Roberts was nominated specifically for this one task.
You don't have to confront him at all. I'm fact, you shouldn't. Leave a message on his answering machine that effective immediately, you will not be attending any more sessions. That's it. You also send an email as well saying the exact same thing. Then block his calls and texts and lock down your social media. Notice I didn't say to block his emails. You may want to set up a rule redirecting them to another folder. Whatever he sends you may wind up being evidence in case you want to sue him for malpractice. It wouldn't hurt to have a consultation with a lawyer. Then report the shit out of this predator. Find the licensing board for therapists, counselors, or psychologists in your state. Also report him to your insurance provider. P.S. I'm of two minds about your aunt. One possibility is you could tell her the truth. You could act all innocent, saying something like, "Does this seem odd to you?" or you could even laugh about it and say that he has some odd techniques. If you hate that idea, and frankly in your shoes I might not want to do so either, you could just say that you are feeling much better. Edit 2: I can guarantee you are not the only person he has done this to. Thateans you are not alone, nor is this your fault in any way, shape, or form. However, this does not mean that you have to take any particular course of action that makes you uncomfortable. Because this is a sexual assault--it is nonconsensual, and a colossal breach of trust--you can call RAINN.org at 800-656-4673.
Well it is just a hypothesis; it's true that I have nothing to back it up.
Can you work call your boss into to your office on the pretext of a question? Make it so that your boss has to physically walk into that office while the woman is there and make sure you shut the door. Go on asking her stupid questions and keep her there as long as possible. Do you have a laptop that you can take into a common area? Can you work in her office? Since your boss appears to be weak, you may be able to push this issue. She is forcing you to ensure this woman because she is conflict averse and perceives that you will cooperate. This implies that if you are more insistent about your discomfort, she will have to deal with this. You should very politely, professionally, relentlessly, refuse to work in that office .
Step One is to tell your brother and figure out with him what he wants to do about it. He could perhaps change his flight. In case that is impossible or too expensive, he could come over as scheduled and the two of you could avoid your father. For instance, you could both turn off your phones and get burner phones for that week. You could both stay at an AirBnB or a friend's house for the week so that he cannot physically locate either one of you. You could make plans to see things out of town so that you don't even bump into him.
&gt; Right now he lives in his mom's basement and is very very eager to move out. Shes a lovely woman though a touch of helicopter mom. I feel he believes she is too overbearing and suffocating. Anyways he really want to ger his own appartment. None of that is your problem. &gt; My boyfriend and I are in the loveydovey "honeymoon" phase right now. You are absolutely right about that and everything which follows. Even if he did get that job he expected to get and that awesome new apartment, you still shouldn't move in after only knowing each other for 3 months. You should wait at least a year or more and let any of each other's crazy aspects reveal themselves, I don't care how much in love you are. In other news, that apartment would be a colossal waste of money as it would cost $24,000 a year, which would anount to 60% of his *pretax* fantasy salary. That would come to, I don't know, 80% - 96% of his salary after taxes. He will never be approved for this apartment even if he gets that job, or any other entry level job in the area. &gt; Whenever I bring it up he blows me off and changes the subject ... If he reacts this way to a subject on which the two of you disagree, that is a terrible sign, a red flag, in fact. You can't have a relationship unless you can resolve conflicts, by which I mean, you plural, not just you, OP. &gt; he is too caught up in the fantasy to listen to my needs and concerns. Not a good look; in fact, another massive red flag. &gt; I have even talked to his mom about it. Yeah, don't do that ever again, *especially* if if has described her as overbearing and suffocating. Keep your disputes within the two of you. The only exception is if your partner is having a significant physical or mental health crisis that's more than you can handle *and* his parents are not abusive. &gt; She just goes ohh let him have his little fantasy!! She is actually being a good mom. She probably already said her piece, he probably already blew her off, so instead of nagging and picking, she is letting him figure reality out for himself. That is exactly what she should be doing. That is the opposite of helicoptering. Also, she has probably seen this kind of behavior before and has learned to back off and let him work his own issues out. This actually contradicts his narrative that she is a helicopter, overbearing, and suffocating. Warning: if you try too hard to convince hin if anything, he may tend to regard you similarly, as "pushy" or "a nag." I think the biggest problem at the moment is not that he has a dumb, unrealistic idea that he is fixated on, because nature will sort that out. The biggest problem is that he is completely disregarding what you want. The next time he brings the topic up, you should shut him down. "I've told you, I am not ready to move in with you. It is too soon for me and I'm not changing my mind on the subject." Then introduce a change in subject. Try two more redirections, and if he refuses to drop it, either leave him or ask him to go home. If he gets mad or butthurt and wants to break up with you over this, then let him go. He is not the droid you are looking for. Edit: typing on phone; so very many typos.
In the future, don't move in with someone until.you have been going out for at least a year, so that as the butterflies settle, you both have a chance to work out if you are compatible enough to make a yearlong commitment. I'm not trying to pile on here, but it seems aa if she got with you on the rebound from a manipulative ex. My next piece of general advice, for her as much as anything, is that when people break up and say they want to be friends, this is rarely achievable. It should really be code for, "We will sort our possessions and living arrangements amicably and refrain from traahing each other to our friend group and on social media." It appears as if this guy is manipulating her into taking him back using the idea of staying friends, which at 27, she should already know is usually an unrealistic if not terrible idea. It would be absolutely reasonable for you to ask.her to make a stark choice: either him or you. If she wants to stay with you, she needs to cut contact with him completely. She needs to block his calls, texts, emails, and social media, and she needs to tell her friends to support this and not to pass on any messages from him. Anyone who won't support her in this also needs to be cut off. If she wants to stay with you but feels tremendously guilty or afraid about doing this, then she should seek therapy to help her recover from what was probably a highly manipulative if not abusive relationship. However, hold firm. If she cannot cut contact with him, then you have to let her go until she can find her own way out, or not, as she sees fit. Do not let yourself fall into the trap of either tolerating slips, getting into monitoring her communications, or pushing her into therapy. Either she is willing to do this without a bunch of drama, agonizing, and waffling, or she isn't. Either you trust her, or you don't. In short, it's only been a few months. Unless you like living in a soap opera, you should be unafraid to let her go and walk away. Don't think of it as him "winning," think of it as you having standards.
I was upset at him for your sake and ready to say that it looks like you guys are incompatible at best, but upon reading this: &gt; he does spend an awful lot of time with this one girl who he goes out for dinner and drinks. when the others can’t meet, him and her will still meet up. This is what is called 'dating.' I am so sorry, but it sounds like he is just not that into you. What made the two of you decide to live together, anyway? What did you have in common? At the moment, it sounds like you are literally his housemate that he has sex with. In addition to asking for two days a week, if not more, you need to ask that he stop dating this girl. If he is unwilling to do both of these things, immediately and cheerfully, if he is even slightly begrudging, you need to walk. Honestly I think you should start looking for a new living situation now, because it doesn't look good. P.S. It doesnt sound like he is a very good person if he consistently fails to introduce his girlfriend who is sitting right there to these friends, and if he is openly dating another woman.
He was a contractor working in the IT department of a multinational chemical manufacturer. He got almost nothing done because he spent most of his time downloading porn. Because he worked out of a conference room, it was not hard to figure out where all that lusty network traffic was going.
I really hope it's just a case of this guy temporarily losing his mind to the terror of "ZOMG I am in baby prison for the rest of my life" and not thinking with his cerebral cortex. There were a couple of posts about the same kind of theme a while back. I think one of the dads turned out to be a loser but there was another who snapped back, was very repentant, and started acting like a proper father thereafter.
Is it me or does the crocodile have snow on its nose? While aware that crocodiles are dangerous predators, nonetheless, poor thing, living in the cold, dark basement. :(
Then you would dig the [book](https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/0345426053/ref=mp_s_a_1_3?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1516744382&amp;sr=8-3&amp;pi=AC_SX236_SY340_FMwebp_QL65&amp;keywords=timothy+treadwell+book&amp;dpPl=1&amp;dpID=51foesy3ZYL&amp;ref=plSrch) put out by a guy named Timothy Treadwell on more or less that theme, the relatibility of bears. Tragically and perhaps predictably, he and a female companion ended up being mauled to death by a grizzly, which was also chronicled in a [couple of](https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/0762736771/ref=mp_s_a_1_2?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1516744382&amp;sr=8-2&amp;pi=AC_SX236_SY340_FMwebp_QL65&amp;keywords=timothy+treadwell+book&amp;dpPl=1&amp;dpID=51gVne1jYFL&amp;ref=plSrch) [books](https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B002EBDORE/ref=mp_s_a_1_1?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1516744382&amp;sr=8-1&amp;pi=AC_SX236_SY340_FMwebp_QL65&amp;keywords=timothy+treadwell+books) as well as the documentary [Grizzly Man](http://m.imdb.com/title/tt0427312/) by Werner Herzog.
Better than snow, I guess, but still sad and terrible living conditions.
If a therapist tells you that you have to work on yourself, then they need to be giving you the tools to do so. If they don't, then you need to find someone who does. I think you should do some searching. Dind someone who specializes in CBT. Also do all the reading you can about self improvement. There is a book called Mindset which is good. Read up on overcoming childhood neglect, or childhood emotional neglect. Make a study of confident, warm, emotionally healthy people (not narcissistic braggarts) and try to imitate the kinds of things they say and do. Also try to observe good, loving parents, and imagine the kinds of things these parents would say to you now if they were your real parents. Also, study the ways of abusive, manipulative, and narcissistic people so that you can recognize your parents' destructive voices that are currently inhabiting your head and replace these abusive messages with positive ones that mentally healthy, wise, loving parents would have said to you. Abuse does not have to be physical. Emotional neglect and abuse can be much more devastating because it's invisible, so you have a hard time justifying to yourself that's what happened. However there is no question that you were absolutely abused. Your parents should not have been allowed to have kids, end of story. You deserved better parents. That you got the shit parents you did is not your fault and is not a reflection of your worth as a human being. I think that perhaps you should not contact your parents while you get this sorted. Block their calls and texts and any other mode of communication that they use. Every time you see them, it reinforces their sick version of normal. You cannot detox from a poison while continuing to ingest it.
It's an answer to stop having unwanted children against OP's will.
Have a private service for just immediate family. Let her read her stupid poem. Have a public memorial that she is barred from. Have security to escort her out if she shows up. Funeral homes have seen all kinds of soruations and they can support you in this. Her words and actions will be hurtful to others and make an already painful time worse. She is filled with resentment anyway, so there is no point in trying to see things from her point of view or appeasing her.
He had a couple of appointments with her beforehand and I kept joking with her that I wanted it in a jar. Then there was another patient in the same recover room who, while bf and I were ooohing and aaahing of its horror, was jealous that she didn't get a picture of hers. When someone has been on that much pain, they absolutely want to see why.
What makes you think that? What pointless snarkiness. I suppose the same could be said for every post on reddit. Why are you bothering to respond, then? Do you feel superior now?
Not to mention, idiotically jealous. It just keeps getting better with this one.
You did well. I am not a lawyer, but my understanding is that of the court finds out that you voluntarily had contact with her, the protective order is no longer in force. Therefore you have to make sure there is a record that this contact was unwanted. You should no longer regard anything about this as a relationship problem, but a legal problem. What she wants is irrelevant. She could be asking for a parade with elephants and dancing bears. So what? Your job is to spare your child the dangers of this abusive person to the maximum extent permissible by the law.
I think we may have a winner. /u/snorlaxa, get a small safe, not a lockbox but a safe, and keep your meds in that. If he kicks up a fuss and gets dramatic, ignore him. Ask yourself, what is he bringing to your life? P.S. He **woke you up** after you had soent hours getting to sleep? Oh, hell, no. Sleep is a physical need, like air and water. This would be unacceptable, physical abuse actually, no matter how your health was, but triple as a person with a chronic illness who is recovering from surgery.
Sweetie, hebis not completely independent anymore if he is leaving the stove on. Loss of smell is one symptom of dementia. Dementia comes on bit by bit. Any day could be different from the last. At very least, you should put some safety measures in place. You should install smoke and carbon monoxide detectors. You should put child.safety latched on the stove, switch it out for an.electric.stove, or get rid.of the.stove altogether and just use the micriwave. You should sit down with your local department of aging and.discuss what resources they have for caregivers of people woth dementia. Attend seminars and support groups and.find out as much as you can about what to expect.as it progresses. Also, sit down with your father when he is in a clear state and map out long term plans. If you wait until he os further fine everything will be so.much harder. You need to talk about a will, a lovong will, long term care plans, and.You getting power od attorney. You need to work out what to do if he becomes paranoid or combative, which is very common in dementia.patients. Consider this your warning. Prepare for the fixture while you can.
You want it straight? Do not break up your bff's parents marriage to carry on an affair with your predator. Do not start a relationship with a man twice your age. Send him one last message telling him simply, "Do not touch me or contact me again" and block his calls and texts and block him on all social media. You are not in love with him; you were groomed by a predator. I don't care how "Victoria's Secret Model" you look; looks do not determine neurology or level of emotional development. A teenager is a teenager and a predator is a predator. He is not in love with you; he is a nasty, cheating, lying, horny old man with something to prove. In other news, every cheating shithead ever is in a tragically terrible marriage with woman who doesn't understand him. They spin all kinds of tales about it so you can feel sorry for their cheating, predatory asses. Or, he will say that she has mental problems, but he is so noble that he is still living with her. A real life Sir Galahad! Isn't it romantic and sexy how noble he is? /s Instead of blowing up your best friend's parents' marriage, get therapy for having been pursued by a bunch of nasty old predators as a child. You can start by calling RAINN.org. Even though you may have felt like the sex was consensual, there is a reason why 15 year olds are not considered old enough to consent. **They are children**. Yes, teenagers have sexual feelings, but they still want validation and approval from parental figures. They are still expected, and legally required, to obey adults. They lack the life experience to properly judge the people pursuing them and their motivations. Even as a consenting adult, victims of child sexual predation are going to be unduly influenced by the people who groomed them. They carry tremendous feelings of guilt and assume all the responsibility for being a victim of a predator. I know you want to think of yourself as this young adventurer with all this power over men, but all these assholes are legally rapists who could be potentially prosecuted and jailed for bedding a teenage girl. Been reading the papers lately? If not, do a Google search on the doctor for the U.S. Women's Gymnastics team, Larry Nassar. See what the law had to say about that guy. Your friend's father belongs in jail, and you need to be looking for a therapist instead of trying to sleep with father figures or any other man who looks at you and sees a porn fantasy instead of a human being. Edit: typos. P.S. I realize I am sending an unclear message. To clarify: -Do not blow up your best friend's parents' marriage in order to be with your predator. There is no joy, peace, or love to be found there. You would be changing his diapers when you should more rightly be changing those of your own children or grandchildren. He is not a man with whom you would want to conceive a daughter. -If you wanted to charge him with raping you as a teenager, there is no statute of limitations on that. That is a potential course of action. Whether it is a good one for you is something that only you can say after discussing this with a competent therapist or the good folks at RAINN.org.
If that is the level of all of the jokes, then it sounds like she has a severe mental illness. If OP is actually habitually making cruel jokes, then no, not cool. Honestly we need a few more examples. In any event, one or both of them need some heavy therapy. Not couples counseling, since one of them may be abusive. Individual therapy.
&gt; "i've been trying so hard not to mess it up" It's also a thing an abuse victim says when his or her abuser has convinced them that they suck and need to grovel for their abusers approval. Don't believe me? Hang out here and you will see examples of both genders assuming all of the blame for what their abusers shovel onto them.
No trust, no relationship. Clinging to a partner that you don't trust--either because they are untrustworthy, or because you are delusional--leads to overconteolling and abusive behavior. There is no excuse for abuse.
It is disproportionate, period. There is no excuse for abuse. If you don't trust your partner, break up. Don't resort to verbal abuse. Don't debase yourself trying to control them or obsessing about their activities or blowing up their phone. Just break up with normal words, like an adult.
There is no excuse for abuse. I find it weird that all these people magically show upnin this thread assuming that OP cheated and that she deserved to be abused at 3:00 am just because this deluded loon accused her of it. If he was so convinced she were cheating, then he should have broken up like a normal person. However, he is an abusive piece of shit. There is no excuse for abuse. None.
There is no evidence that she actually cheated. There is no excuse for abuse.
There is no excuse for abuse. If he didn't trust her, he could break up at aby time. If you think that there is ever a reason to abuse somebody else, then yeah, fuck you.
People are allowed to sleep. There is no excuse for abuse.
It's not a two way street. The proper response to cheating is breaking up, *even if she had*, is not getting ragey and blowing up someone's phone with a bunch of verbal abuse at 3:00 am.
Tell him that you are never going to be religious in the same way that his dad and stepmother were. That's Step One. You can tell him now, and keep reinforcing it. This will get him thinking, or at least prepare him. After he has tried to push this point about God being about to give you a conversion, that is your chance to ask, what would you do if that never happened? What if the faith I have, right this minute, is the faith God wants for me? Could you live with that? Then lay it out for him: you don't believe in X, Y, and Z. Your political beliefs are &lt;various things inimical to his father and stepmother's worldview&gt;. These are deeply held moral orientations of yours. You are not going to change, and much as you like his dad, stepmother, and him, you cannot live with someone who holds the beliefs A, B, and C. Then see where the conversation goes. Maybe the breakup will be mutual. Maybe you will have to keep pushing that your beliefs are as they have always been, and what would he do if they really didn't change? Edit: just saw this: &gt; he’s already started preaching to me about decisions I’ve made in the past, even before I met him, and how I need to repent to his new pastor. Ooooohhhh myyyy. That is your golden opportunity to come down like a box of hammers. "I am not going to discuss my past decisions or my abortion with you and I am never, ever going to discuss these any of things with your pastor. If you ever push me to do so again, I will have to end our relationship." That will probably spark a relationship ending conversation right there. If not, then it will the next time he raises the topic. This may be passive, but it gives him a chance to reflect on how his choices are impacting the relationship, and it will remove all of the burden from your shpulders.
If the issues that caused the breakup aren't resolved, whether they are within you or in the relationship, then there is zero point in getting back together. Why were you unhappy? That is what you must examine. Make peace with yourself before getting involved with a new person. Clearly, it was a mistake to go on the cruise. It is easy to look upon a past relationship with nostalgia goggles. You need to stop questioning whether you did the right thing in leaving him. From out here, it is impossible to say. However, if you beat yourself up about it, you can really screw up your life. At the time, you did the best you could. We all make many decisions in life based on incomplete knowledge and wisdom. We will make many mistakes and take other actions that we don't even know whether they were mistakes or not. Life is not a Sudoku puzzke with only one correct, preordained answer. We are here to grow and learn. See a therapist and work out why you wanted to leave and what you need to learn. Then find ways to move forward. Join a gym, get a pet, hang with friends, make new friends, take a class, take a trip, all that usual breakup stuff.
Also make sure to explore any issues that are within you or your temperament. Do you have a history of impulsivity, or a fear of being trapped? Is there anything he did (even if it was totally innocuous) or anything that happened to trigger your issues? I don't know, but I'm getting the impression that you might not be great at understanding or articulating your own emotional states. That skill is absolutely essential in any relationship.
Thanks for weighing in! My thinking was also that even though she initiated the contact, to be safe, he had best do something to get it in record that the contact was not consensual.
In schools, the counselors have charts with pictures of faces to teach the words for different emotions. There are a lot of nuances to our feelings. Sad can mean despair, loneliness, humiliation, disappointment, boredom, etc. Mad can be frustrated, betrayed, confused, outraged, enraged, jealous, anxious, etc. The more specific you can be, the better. Do a Google image search on *emotion chart*. There are a variety of very helpful charts for both children and adults. Also search *healthy communication* and *i-statements*. I know people are being kind of tough on you in this thread. Good for you for being open to criticism. Not all of us managed to learn healthy social skills growing up, either because of our upbringing or because of intrinsic issues. For instance, because of my ADHD, sometimes I failed to pay sufficient attention to my own emotional states, or the signals others were giving me. Fortunately, as with anythjng, we can learn. Maybe you did wrong. Maybe both of you could have done better. But without sufficient social skills, the relationship was in peril. If you feel regret and sorrow about the end of your marriage, the best way to make up for it would be to work.as hard as you can to develop your self awareness and your social skills so that you are able to maintain your next relationship. Once you feel like you understand what happened, write a letter to your ex about it. However, you shouldn't necessarily send it. Since it sounds like you have friends in common, you can explore whether sending him this letter would reopen old wounds or disrupt a new relationship. The important thing is to do your best and to maintain a growth mindset. Perhaps someday you will be in a position to advise someone in the same situation as you.
Some jackass nurse tried to pull that shit with my mother when I was being born.
Ability to read people, motivate people, encourage them for doing the things that are priorities, discourage them from working on non-priorities or something wrong before it wver happens, delivering discipline in a manner that is most likely to either result in a correction, or worst case, get a worker fired and out of there, being able to motivate your team, hiring, organizing, and scheduling people for best effect, being able to read customers and keep them happy with a minimum of sacrifice and escalation of problems, to name a few.
Put the brakes on everything, *especially* the house. Let's assume the best and that you both get past this. Still, take your steps with him one at a time. Do not buy a house with him until you have settled this issue, married, and been stably married for awhile. He has an addictive personality. He may possibly use drugs to medicate some issue such as anxiety, depression, or poor coping skills when faced with stress. Step One. Sit down for a chat. Reiterate that pot use beyond a certain amount is a hard dealbreaker for you. Make sure to specify exactly what amount and under what circumstances you can tolerate. Step Two. Ask him to see mental health professional to explore and take care of any underlying issues. Of course, you can't make him, but you can talk it up in a positive way. You could also offer to go to couples counseling so it doesn't sound like you're making him out to be the sick one. Step Three. Shelve all the plans about engagement, marriage, and buying a house until you have a better handle on your relationship. He probably would do better handling anything stressful, which can include lively exciting things such as what you were planning, one thing at a time instead of all at once. The same may be true of you as well. This stuff is supposed to be enjoyable, so slow down, cowboy. Step Four. Give him time to get over his friend's death and get settled into his new job. Step Five. Then get engaged. Don't tell anyone for awhile--let it be your secret. Make sure you and he have made a decision about the wedding that you are both happy with before announcing the engagement to family and friends. Step Six. With the marriage, eloping might be the way to go, but be engaged for at least 6 months first. Step Seven. Be married for a good, solid year before screwing around with buying a house. All that paperwork is stressful as hell, so getting preapproved, which you can do on your own timeline, will help a lot. Step Eight. If you intend to have children, be settled into your house for a while, like at least 6 months if not more, before trying for a child. Make extra sure your birth control is on point during this whole time period. You do not want to add to your life stressors by bringing another human bring into the mix unexpectedly.
OP should be open about recording him in case she lives in a two party consent state (i.e., a state in which both people have to consent to being recorded).
Some people cease to respect their partner when the other one gives up their job, even though it is what they had agreed upon. Some even go so far as to think that it is their own money and not shared and that being the only income earner gives them the right to do as they please and treat their partner poorly. As the others have said, you need to go back to work, start earning your own money immediately, and look into getting your own place. He has shown you his character and that he will not respect you as a SAHM. You cannot bring a child into this situation as that would only deepen your dependence on him, increase his stress, and then you would be stuck with him. I don't care what he says he wants; this is no atmosphere to bring a child into.
&gt; I feel like I'm being needy and being a complainer when I ask him to pay more attention to me. The sentence "I feel like " should have as its subordinate clause either an emotion or a physical sensation. I know I sound like a pedantic ass, but here's the thing. By my observation, whenever a person says "I feel like &lt;a theory about the world or themselves&gt;," that theory is 99% likely to be either some fear that their depression, anxiety, poor self esteem, or other emotional issue has generated, or some idea that someone else has put into their head. Let me guess. You have a fear of being needy. If you want something that another person doesn't want to give you, you assume that you must have something wrong with you. Well honey, you're not a three year old pitching a fit in the candy aisle. You are allowed to want things. You already expressed to him what you wanted like a mature adult. And, like a mature adult, you recognize and respect that his true passion lies with exploring the wonderful world of cryptocurrency. So, if this guy doesn't really want to provide what you want, go ahead and move on. No harm, no foul.
Well, he's already dating her. He spends the night at hers.
"Allowed" him to cheat? Wow, some victim blaming there. She is not is mother nor his jailer. It is up to him to make his own big boy decisions about where to stick his dick. As for OP, there is not statute of limitations on waking up and getting out of a shit relationship. Sooner is better, but later is better than never.
&gt; It's impossible to be happy and feel happy and your partner never gives enough or is sensitive enough or understands enough She **gave up her dream career** to come help HIS father, and doesn't want to leave because she feels responsible for a guy who is not even her own blood relative. That's not giving enough? Meanwhile the bf is doing nothing to take care of his own father, just running around and indulging himself. Many people lose their parents as children. 31 isn't young at all. He has been a legal adult for 13 years. Even if the affair has nothing to do with OP, why does this jackass get a free pass to seek his new self while OP does all the sacrifice and emotional labor? Why isn't he being there for his dad? Why couldn't he have just broken up with OP using his big boy words and let her try to pick up her own life?
I remember your post. It made me sad to see how badly you were allowing your own financial health to be damaged. He was abusing you in multiple ways, including financial. You are strong and I admire you for working your way out of that situation, even if it took a couple of tries. Please remember that being strong means that you have to remember not to allow others to use your own strength against your best interest. I think it is good for you to take a long break from having a romantic or sexual relationship because this guy really did a number on you. I get the impression that you are making peogress on your self esteem, and it would be too easy to slip in to old habits with some other guy, or even this one. To that end, I think it would be wise to avoid your ex as much as possible. You can nod hi at the bus stop without being his buddy pal, chatting him up, or going out for coffee. It's nice that he is straight, but he is still an addict, even if in remission. His very presrnce is going to reinforce a very ingrained pathway of a longstanding, pathologically caretaking relationship. Therefore, no matter how good he makes himself, his presence will always be very toxic for you. So you don't have to prove to him, yourself, or anyone how strong and cool and brave you are by being friends with your ex abuser. Leave him in the past and make friends among healthy, positive new people in your life.
The ex is there. That's why he went back home to begin with. He can do it; he's just letting OP pick up the slack and she's enabling him to run around like a shitty, self centered teenager. Dad is not completely incapacitated either, and he can certainly advocate for himself.
Abused partners are counseled **not** to attend couples counseling with their abuser, because: --Couples counseling is for when both parties have things to work on, which is not a helpful assumption when one of the people is causing the problems. In that case the victim ends up taking the blame for the abuse that is happening to them. --Couples counseling is best for resolving communication issues. Abuse is not a problem of communication, it is a problem of one of the parties thinking they have a right to hurt the other. In other words, abuse is a moral problem. Counseling cannot fix another person's broken moral compass. The psychiatric profession can only help people who want to change. Abusers and exploitative people don't want to change; they want as much power as possible, not less. --The therapeutic environment gives an abusive, power-seeking person even more tools with which to hurt their victim, by adopting therapeutic language and learning to use it to be even more skilled at manupulating, by gaslighting and manipulating the therapist to take their side, and by saying to their victim, "I went to therapy with you and you're *still* not happy?" In other words, your sister is your abuser. Ther is no point in going to therapy with her. In fact, she may have a lot to do with your issues. The therapist can't make her do anything because your sister likes abusing you. She is toxic. You need to cut her out of your life and only allow people into your life who love and value you. Not people who say that they love you and then hurt you, but people who help you to feel peaceful and empowered, people who respect your dignity. So what if you went to a mental hospital? Lots of people have gone to a mental hospital. That doesn't mean that anything you ever say or feel for the entire rest of your life is now invalidated. You are allowed to have feelings and opinions, and express them, just like everyone else. So, fuck her and fuck the rope she swung in on. Treat her exactly like any abuse victim should treat their abuser: cut her out like a tumor. Block her calls and texts and block her on all social media. If anyone lets her use their phone or accounts, or tries to pressure you into resuming contact, cut them out too, ruthlessly. You will be fine without her. Check out websites for abused people, for people trying to get out of manipulative relationships, the website Out of the Fog, and /r/justnofamily.
Is this a cult? Seriously, the only organizations that don't let people just walk away are bad ones: cults, gangs, authoritarian dictatorships, and abusive relationships. Simply stop contacting these people. It was a community, yes, but volunteer work is VOLUNTEER--i.e. not obligatory. Ultimately you pay them, meaning that ultimately ut is a business transaction. It's like going to a grocery store. You get to walk anytime and tough rats for them. In abusive relationships, the abuser spins this illusion that the relationship is magical and special and different and the normal rules human interaction are somehow suspended but there are these other mysterious rules that the abuser gets to make up. Uh, no. This club isn't a magical fairyland of enlightened specialness. You owe no one anything. Stop giving them your money, block their calls and texts, and block them on social media. Done, buh-bye.
You shouldn't continue in a relationship with somebody who is financially unstable and does not share your financial values. You will never get this $20,000 back and, more importantly, you are not happy about that. The best you can do is to stop bleeding money and start getting your financial house in order, which means ending the relationship. Do not even think about bringing children into a situation where you are already unhappy, where you already feel exploited, and which is financially unstable. She would be perfectly happy having children by somebody else? Great! Sounds like a recipe for a drama free breakup. Let her go do her thing and look for someone who is financially more trustworthy. I don't mean to be flippant, but this relationship has gone as far as it should if bit farther. You cannot go next level with her unless you are willing to sacrifice your wants and needs. So do not keep paying your emotional capital into this known poor investment.
&gt; He's had anger management and alcohol issues the entire time I've known him Either one is there is a hard dealbreaker for most people. This relationship was one you should have left long ago. You know that he battered his ex, now he's battering you, so it's escalating. You don't need to wait until you have been maimed or killed to leave him. Like I said, you would have perfectly reasonable to have done so long ago. The longer you stay in this relationship, the worse it will get and the harder it will be to leave him. Let go of your excuses and rationalizations. Call the National Domestic Violence Hotline at 800-799-7233 or go to thehotline.org and chat online. Ask them to help you get into a women's shelter. Go ahead, get off Reddit, and do it now.
&gt; he's happy in our current place. I am not. He has his own creative space, and I do not. He's making feel greedy and needy for wanting to move, **even though it's been a topic of conversation for three years**. Also, in a comment: &gt; We named our future dog already. We have had so many positive conversations about getting a dog... I don't see how OP is to blame.for.extremely poor communication when what she wants has been a topic of conversation for 3 years. It sounds more like he wants what he wants and he is going to see if he can push harder so that he can get his way.
Ugh, why even fight about it? He doesn't have to agree with you. You don't have to agree with him. You can say, "You think X, but I think Y." Him: "But you're wrong, because reasons." You: "Ok, that's what you think," "You might be right," "I'll think about it," or even, "OK, but I'm.bored eith this discussion now." Then keep doing whatever you were doing. If he is insistent on picking fights and then winning them, if whatever you or your loved ones do or think is wrong by definition with him, then perhaps you should consider this an abusive behavior. It is a form building himself up relative to you by putting down you or anything and everyone associated with you. In short, it is bullying. This is not what love looks like. Love is not one person on top and the other always below.
Hi, I have depression and ADHD. Do not stop taking your meds. No. Do not. Do you know what happens when.you abruptly stop an SSRI? You end up worse than before. So, please tell me what your boyfrirnd's medical and psychiatric training is. Where did he go to med school? Where was he an intern? In what states is he licensed? Unless your boyfriend has medical and psychological training, his theories about brain damage are about as accurate as me trying to explain string theory. Given a choice between meds and boy, stick with the meds, lose the boy. Meanwhile, get a documrnt safe and keep your meds in there so that he doesn't get any ideas about tampering with them. Edit: typos
Then you need to know, now. Just because a person calls themselves liberal and progressive doesn't mean that they are. Some people are stone liars and say whatever it takes to get a person to have sex with them. Some people think that questioning their values once makes them liberal. However, if a person really wants to be a true liberal, then they need to spend the rest of their lives questioning themselves, especially if they are from the socially or politically dominant group. Here is how you can follow up with this conversation. Start with your own words: &gt; I started dating him because he was one of the most kind, liberal men I’ve met. He was understanding during menstruation, understanding of my background, understanding of therapy. Then remind him that pregnancy and childbirth puts a woman into a position of extreme vulnerability; in fact, a woman can die from these. You cannot continue in a relationship with a man who simply claims to be progressive and liberal just to put on a show. You do not think that forcing sex on a woman who is in pain from having created another human being and pushed them through her vagina is a matter for joking, ever. If he has some big need either to joke about women's oppression, or a topic that traunatizes you, or if he thinks that a woman should endure anal rape to please her man, he can end the relationship now and find someone who appreciates that. If he chooses to stay with you, he promises to listen to you the first moment that you tell him that a certain topic is horrifying instead of funny. If he tells you to lighten up, take a joke, forgive him because he was joking, be grateful that you have such a liberal progressive man as him, don't be so oversensitive, don't exaggerate, don't be crazy, or anything that implies that how you feel is wrong, break up immediately. You can also break up without even having that conversation if you feel like you will never be able to trust him again. You can also look into getting your tubes tied if you don't ever want to get pregnant. Edit: typos
I'm not saying they can't be stopped ever. I'm saying they must not be stopped abruptly. No, maybe not everybody has a terrible result. But if you have a decent chance of having a bad reaction, that sounds like a risk people shouldn't take. I've seen the effect when a ex-friend did that it precipitated a very scary crisis that went on for several months. It's not worth experimenting with, and yes, the person should work with a psychologist if they want to switch things up.
Yeah, the walking on eggshells feeling is a huge red flag. So many abuse victims, including ones that are in huge denial, use that very phrase to describe their experience.
Bear in mind that if she doesn't want to hear what you have to say, if the rules of the relationship are that you are not allowed to express yourself, then it doesn't matter how you express yourself. She will make the argument about how you said, and the original matter, her putting you down in public, never gets addressed. Just because she calls you abusive, a jerk, overcontrolling, doesn't make it so. That's why i-statements are so.important. You say how a behavior made you feel. She can try to tell you that your feelings are wrong, but that would show that she doesn't love you and intends to make every conflict in this relationship about winning and losing. Supposing I had a phobia of butterflies. Most people might think that was an odd thing to have a phobia about because butterflies are so obviously pretty and harmless. A good partner would respect that and possibly prod me to seel therapy if the phobia started impacting my life or relationship. A disrespectful partner would tell me I was wrong to have this phobia and make me feel terrible. An abusive partner might make fun of me constantly, including in public so as to huniliate me, or play practical jokes such as telling me I had a present in my room and when I opened the door a bunch of butterflies were flying around (one poster's boyfriend did that with fake spiders). If you use an i-statement to communicate and your wife still finds a way to convince you that you are wrong, if in.every conflict you are wrong by definition, I don't know if even therapy would work. A manipulative person who is really determined to come out on top at all times will use the therapeutic process to beat up on you worse by co-opting therapeutic language and manipulating the therapist. Go on to the website Out of the FOG, read it over thoroughly, and contemplate how much of that applies to your wife. Then talk to your friends and see what their impressions are. It could be that they have been harboring some strong feelings that they didnt feel free to express to you.
A happy marriage will not be possible unless both of you are happy and both of you are equally invested in the other's happiness. Your happiness is important as well, no less than hers. If your idea of "happy marriage" means "she is never ever upset with me ever," that is neither possible nor desirable. As an abuser, which with every single word you write is seeming more and more likely, she will find ways to hurt you. This will escalate. Abuse is not a bruised woman sobbing in a corner. Emotional abuse is no less damaging. Here are some steps I suggest. **Do these in secret**. Incognito browsing is your friend. 1.) Find yourself a therapist by any means necessary. Do you have health insurance? Tell then you are in crisis (even.if you don't feel that you are). Does your employer have an EAP? Are there low cost or sliding scale counseling services in your area? Also, if you do find a therapist who belittles your experience or acts like men can't be abused, or with whom you don't feel heard, drop that person like a hot rock. Try contacting the National Domestic Violence Hotline at thehotline.org. 2.) Educate yourself on emotional or psychological abuse, narcissistic abuse, verbal abuse, and any other issues stemming from your childhood. For instance, did you experience poverty? Was someone in your household mentally ill or a substance abuser? 3.) Reach out to your friends and get their impressions. 4.) Have a consultation with one to three lawyers about the financial implications of getting divorced. Do not assume that "the man always gets screwed" just because people keep repeating that. On the other hand, it might be tough monetarily, but there is no price on happiness and piece of mind. 5.) Read some books on divorce.from high conflict people. 6.) Work out potential living situations. Are there any friends and family who would be willing to help? Take your time and work on this bit by bit. There is no excuse for abuse and.no reason for you to have to keep living with an abuser.
We don't kniw what she feels, but being quieter for a few days because you are remorseful is a lot different from giving someone the silent treatment, which is hurtful and manipulative.
1.) Tell your boyfriend when he's a bit more coherent, but don't sit on it for more than a week. The best way would be to show or play him the message. 2.) Block the father's calls and texts and block him on all social media, but do not delete the text or voicemail, whichever it was. In fact lock it so that the phone does not auautomatically delete it so that you have proof. 3.) It is fortunate that his parents are divorced. Therefore, there is no reason to ever have anything to do with the father again. He is dead to you. If your boyfriend wants to see him, great, girl's night put, whoopee! However, you have the right to ask your boyfriend to shut down all disrespectful talk about you. You would do the same for him. 4.) If you do ever have children with this man, never, ever allow them to have contact with this toxic man.
Throw in some fake plastic cockroaches.
Trolls will troll. If you didn't feel comfortable with the visit, if it was 100% her initiative, then yep that wasnt right. People are not supposed to invite themselves. If you have been putting off breaking up with her because you feel awkward or terrible about it, or fear dealing with a huge dramatic reaction, then just do it via message and block.
Just show up anyway with a bag of burgers pr whatever your mom's favorite comfort food is and a bunch of flowers. Hang out for as long as you can.
Yeah, but as she is a "real estate agent (I use quotes because it doesn't look like she earns much of anything)," she doesn't earn a steady paycheck so there is nothing to garnish.
Step 1. See a lawyer about what your options are about getting the money back, and whether it would be worth the time and effort your would put in. Step 2. Reach out to family and friends. If you reqlly feel the need to talk a lot about this, get a therapist. Step 3. Consider moving someplace new, either in the same town, or somewhere where you could move forward with your career. She took a bunch of random crap like cutting boards? Awesome! It will be all the easier for you to move and travel! I tell you one thing, even if you're not ready to blow town just yet, living somewhere new will feel incredibly refreshing, I promise.
Your husband is a keeper! Frankly, though, I think he (Edit: i.e. the problem guy, not your husband!) needs to be expelled from the group if he has said things about how all children need to be dead. He os a real missing stair and I don't see how you and the child can be in the group with him at all. If your husband or some other guy he has better communication with has it in them, they might want to ask sime pointed questions about that text, such as, "Have you felt unusually despondent lately? Have you wanted to hurt yourself or anyone else?" If he says yes, they should ask, "Do you have a plan for doing this?" If he does have any urges to harm himself or others, then he must be reported to authorities. Also, if anyone knows any family contacts for him, they should contact those as well.
Bear in mind that even if a coirt of law finds her responsible for the debt, the creditors will come after whoever's name the debt is in. A friend of mine, also in CA, is in a similar position. She had taken out a bunch of business loans for his business. He profited but kept the profits separate, so she is stuck with some $10,000 in debt and low earnings. She made a deal with her ex that she would continue helping him with getting the green card if he paid off the loan. He paid the minimum one month and blew off the other payments. She now has a shit credit record. So, yeah, talk to a lawyer to work out how this doesn't happen to you.
So you pay for everything, and he does what with his check? Play money? Savings? If so, that doesn't seem fair at all, in fact it seems rather exploitative, *especially* considering how much shortened your lifespan would be. I'm worried that there has been a bad dynamic in this relationship all along, and this crisis was just bringing it out. In any event, your health is paramount. If your husband is too self centered to see that, he does not get a say in anything. Edited to add: my friend has MS and my cousin has fibromyalgia. Stress has a huge negative effect on both of these conditions, so I can imagine it does for you as well. You are so lucky that you actually have the resources to get out of a bad life situation. So many people don't. Do a search on *ca cbd laws*. Also consult with a lawyer who knows about these things, but I think Southern Cali would be a very good place for you. Yeah it's spendy, but you can find cheaper housing if you are willing to be flexible about where you live.
If they're like the deserty bits of So Cal, they would get cold at night. Orange County or L.A. away from thr beaches, which are 5 - 10^o colder than everywhere else.
Hire a good lawyer and get all the custody you can. It sounds as if there has been sine oarental alienation going on, because it does not make any sense that a small child would just randomly decide on her own that she wants nothing to do with her father as long as you have been a good, nornal dad. Do this tomorrow. There is.no.reason to pull the kids out of their school..I don't know if this is a thing in New York State, but in ours we asked the court to appoint a psychologist to examine my.boyfriend's daughter when he was trying to get custody. I don't know if this
Not at all. Not wanting my Mom to freak out was a huge reason I told her as little as possible.
I am getting the distinct impression that moving to the affluent neighborhood is not doing your little family any favors. Affluent neighborhoods can have heightened social pressures, because everybody appears to be having the perfect life. These will affect both your wife and your daughter. Schools in affluent areas, despite having more resources, are often less supportive of kids who don't raise the test scores, get perfect SATs, and get into prestigious universities. It is very worrisome that the school appears to be failing your daughter to the point that they may be reversing the gains of her old school. If it is a private school, you should consider yanking her out and putting her into the public school. If it is the public school, you need to raise holy pluperfect hell with the administration, and if you have already done that, you need to escalate to the school board. Trust me, in an affluent area, they have had plenty of experience with parents going on the warpath over much more trivial issues. Find your daughter a therapist who can help her with coping and life skills and occupational therapy. Face facts, there is no way in hell she is going to a four year residential college, a feat for which many neurotypical kids are unprepared. When your wife had her meltdown, she ws probably asking herself if in her lifetime she was ever going to be able to have one single fucking party where she drinks a couple, gets a buzz, and laughs about stupid shit with her friends. She sees herself in high intensity mom jail and the sentence has just been upped to life without parole. She is realizing that your daughter may never, ever be independent. She is wondering whether your daughter will ever be able to hold down a job. She will have an increasingly dependent toddler to care for, forever. No cruises, no weekends with the girls, no strolling through marketplaces in Italy contemplating the subtleties of olive oil, not even one single fucking cocktail party. All the wealth you have striven for has accomplished is a little more gilding on her cage.
Right, I'm wondering why the girl didn't just go to her room, or more pointedly, why didn't she know to go to her room? Or did she lack the self awareness to know when she was hitting her red line?
Upon reading the title, I felt so bad for Noelle, like a dagger going through my heart, but at the same time I remember how I was kind of like the mom. My son was nothing like Noelle; he just had ADHD. It made him loud, super intense about his emotions and reactions, with a huge need for contact, patience, physical outlets, and a tendency to tantrum when overwhelmed by whatever that he didn't really completely outgrow until he was 7. He got in trouble daily in 1st grade until he was diagnosed. I was raised in a very old school, traditional, authoritarian household. My parents loved us and did their best, but as products of old timey, even more strict households themselves, emotional awareness and support was not much of a feature of my childhood, hence I did not have great emotional resources for dealing with my needy, intense son. As a result, I was sometimes a shitty parent to my son. I was easily frustrated and didn't understand that the childrearinf methods that supposedly produced compliant children were making things worse. It wasn't until he was diagnosed and I had the chance to.attend some sessions with an excellent child psychologist that I got better tools to help my son. I still feel bad about some of the stupid shit I had done and said. I suppose I will never forgive myself.
Well if we manage, by some miracle, to get rid of Trump, take a good look at who's next in line...Mike "Christian Sharia" Pence. Our very own Erdoğan. Good times ensue..
I agree you should toughen up...and break up with him. No, seriously, just send him a text saying only, "I am breaking up with you. This is ny final decision. Please do not contact me again." Then block his calls.and texts and block him on all social media. There is no excuse, ever, to send pretty much anyone a text saying "Fuck you" or any other verbal abuse, invalidation, or put downs. You will never get him to see how much he is hurting you because his entire purpose is to hurt and diminish you. Whenever someone has to ask if they're overreacting, whenever someone feels like they're walking on eggshells, whenever someone has been called "oversensitive," a "special snowflake," "spoiled" or a "spoiled princess," whenever they have been told to toughen up or "I was just joking, can't you take a joke?" this all means that the person is in an abusive relationship because they are being forbidden to disapprove of anything the other person does. There is no reason for you to wait around to see how much worse this gets. Do not fall prey to the sunk cost fallacy. You owe him nothing, even if he shows up at your doorstep with a bunch of hearts and flowers crying and saying he knows how much he fucked up and please give him another chance. That, too, is part of the cycle of abuse--look it up. Yes, he knows he did something wrong, but all he wants out of you is control. He wants to be able to break you down so that you can't ever bring yourself to leave him. **That's why you haven't left him yet**. It's like an invisible force is himding you back. You tell yourself all these rationalizations, such as, "They don't understand, he's really a great guy, he's usually so sweet..." As we like to say, if a delicious sandwich made with the finest gourmet ingredients has just a tiny bit of poop in it, the sandwich is rendered inedible. No relationship should have any verbal abuse in it whatsoever. This guy is not a good person. This is not a normal dynamic. Leave him, don't look back, and get therapy to repair the damage he has done.
And when OP writes the check, it should be in a card with a sincere apology, because your wife's actions were cruel and hurtful. /u/WedddingDresssTroubl, I'm guessing that if your future DIL had some meat on her bones, your wife would have made her try in a bunch of dresses that were too small. Every woman ever knows that commenting on another's body is off limits unless the goal is to nuke the victim's self-esteem. Your wife is acting like a high school mean girl with her petty display of power. She is taking the express train to Cutoffsville from her, your son, any any future grandchildren, and trying to take you along with it. Is your wife inclined to be cruel to people she sees as lower than her? Does she take poorly to others expressing an opinion? Are the concepts of cooperation, compromise, and humility foreign to her? Did she ever mistreat your son, or is she overprotective and overly attached to him? Did she have issues with her own mother? I suggest that you give your wife a come-to-Jesus talk. If she does not immediately and sincerely apologise to your son and daughter-in-law, you need to distance yourself from her with quickness. Make plans to see and interact with your son and DIL alone so that you can still have a connection with them. And whatever you do, keep your wife from wearing white to the wedding. It is a surprisingly common behavior on the part of shitty MILs (see /r/justnoMIL). Get her to leave the instant she starts causing even a hint of a scene. If you think she is likely to do so, then slip your some some money to hire private security so that you don't have to be the bad guy.
"You're skinny and your tits are too small. You're not good enough for My Baby^(tm) ." This is the message OP's future DIL is hearing because it's exactly the message this woman is sending.
No, FMIL doesn't get a say in the dress, at all. A gift is a gift.
If you were contemplating children, do not have them with this man unless you want to sign up for 18+ years of picking up and running around like a slave for two children. Make sure your birth control is on point.
But it sounds like he is not so spartan and feugal when it comes to himself, because he is buying her presents that are actually for himself. If you are spartan and frugal, make sure the oartner you are with has similar values, or your "spartan and frugal" will simply come off as "doesn't give a toss."
She's a keeper. Your wife is awesome, too. Play her a love song.
&gt; He sees women in a role of servitude, and feels he's "owed" things. When somebody tells you who they are, believe them. Can you imagine marrying this guy? How you will feel 5 years from now? Raising children with this guy? His mother waited on him hand and foot and then he decided that, instead of rethinking this arrangement, that he liked having an entire class of people who were specially designated to be his servants by an accident of birth. How do you get him to understand that you are an equal human to him? You should be asking how to get yourself to understand that this isn't a difficult conundrum, like string theory or evolutionary neurobiology; this is a moral problem. He thinks that women should serve men. These are his values. This worldview disgusts you, as well it should. Why are you with someone like this?
Normally I would say that if you aren't sure you want to marry someone, that means you don't want to marry them. However, in your case, I think you have been she'll shocked by the marriages you witnessed growing up. You don't think that it is within your power to participatebin a healthy marriage. I think you should start learning about healthy communication. Look up i-statements and non-violent communication. Also, read about Drs. John and Julie Gottman, two professors who researched healthy and unhealthy relationships. They came up with easily identifiable criteria that predict whether a marriage will succeed or fail. I think you should do some deep reading about their findings and reflect what you saw in your family that correlates with their findings. You may determine that your family was missing one or more simple but crucial elements that could have helped preserve their relationships. For example, perhaps people in your family insisted turning every conflict into a battle to be won or lost, or that open communication meant letting any hurtful words fly out of their mouths without restraint. As you learn more, I hope you can reflect on your own assumptions about relationships. You may also want to work with a therapist or even a couples counselor. Hopefully then you can acquire more confidence in yourself and the institution of marriage.
&gt; He then grabbed the phone put of my hand and dropped it on the ground. Then he went into his game room and slammed the door. So, he does nothing to help around the house, contributes nothing to raising your child, and now he has gotten physical. Because you don't have a job, he thinks he is entitled to treat you however he likes. Hence this will only escalate. I think you should start planning how to leave. You do not want to have any more babies with a person like this. You do not want to be at the mercy of a person like this. You do not want to raise a child to think that it is normal for Daddy to disrespect Mommy. You may think I am exaggerating, but this is not about grass. This is about a man who sees you as subservient and sees himself as having no obligation to your union. He thinks he is right about everything and that you are to remain powerless and obey him. He thinks he gets to respond physically because he thinks you are trapped. Who can you stay with? Can you get back in touch with family or old friends? If you left, he would by law have to help financially. Trust me, that display of force will escalate.
Just because someone is the breadwinner does not give them the right to treat their partner like they are subservient, nor does it give them a pass on doing anything domestic whatsoever, including interacting with the child he helped conceive. A job is 40-50 hours per week. Childrearing and housework is 24/7. Even a working partner can put some dishes in the dishwasher or interact with their child.
Yep. Financial abuse right here.
My ex husband went off the deep end after his father died. Overnight he turned into someone I didn't recognize and within 5 months he had found a girlfriend, moved out, and gotten her pregnant. My theory is that the crazy had been building for a while, but he couldn't let it out as long as his father was still alive.
Yep, he is a tenant. It has nothing to do with whether or not a lease exists or any rent is paid. This odd legal reality (in the U.S., at least) surfaces whenever someone takes in a friend or relative out of the kindness of their heart, the person turns out to be a horrible roommate and a giant peach, and then refuses to leave. Then the OP is stuck going through an eviction process.
&gt; To be fair, he's living for free in their building. You really can't say "my house, my rules" and take back the key when mom and dad are the ones supporting you and you're still under their roof. Yeah he can. It's not a private house, it is a building full of rental units. Whether or not he pays rent or even has a lease is irrelevant because he is a tenant by virtue of having had this as his principal residence for a certain amount of time. A landlord entering unannounced is a big violation of housing codes in every state ever. Check out /r/legaladvice -- this exact problem is a common theme.
You're absolutely right about all of that.
Yeah, the abuse victim mentality is strong in this one if she drained her savings. Clearly this guy didn't suddenly flip a switch like she thinks; he escalated abruptly.
&gt; sometimes nice kid but needy and super spoiled ...in other words, a completely typical 2-year-old. Wherever you go with a 2-year-old, the main activity will be parenting the 2-year-old, end of story. Your friend knows that a trip with a 2-year-old is 100% different than a trip with just young adults and their backpacks. Have fun with your sister and visit her for a day.
Uh, yeah, not to mention that the woman also is supporting the kid. So, to summarize: As a result of pregnancy, a women's body and health is literally put into peril. Then she is left with a kid to support. The man is legally obliged to help support the kid as well. What do you want? Is this a political rant about how women are privileged and men are getting screwed? There's an app for that. Don't fuck. Problem solved.
There are few things the world less productive than trying to argue with a racist, because racism is based on neither logic nor any sort of moral reasoning. It is a foul choice some many people make. Because they are choosing this behavior, they will only double down on it if you try to confront them about it. Therefore, they have pushed you into a very stark choice: either your parents or your girlfriend. It is hard and infair to imagine going through life starting from the very beginning of your young adulthood without the support of your parents. However, you have learned something very ugly about who they are. Their racism is an unfortunate heritage of a region which invented the myth of a class of human beings being inferior based on skin color in order to justify owning, buying, and selling human beings. It is a lie that was invented for profit. If you want to stay with your girlfriend, then you will need to lower your interactions with your parents to the bare minimum, or no contact. If you live at home, you need to move out. You need to put them on a strict information diet. You should Gray Rock them if and when you do communicate with them. You must never, ever mention your girlfriend to them again. The reason for this is that you are putting her, and her family, at risk of deportation. I could see your parents getting pissed and placing a call just to prove a point to you. If you do not want to cut ties with your family, then don't wait around, break up with her immediately, again, to minimize the risk that your parents decide to get cute and place that call. So, it's one or the other. I know what I would do because I was ready to do it, twice. Fortunately for me, my mother, who was born and raised in the Jim Crow era South, thought that racism was was something ignorant, pathetic people (a.k.a. "poor buckras") engaged in.
Escalate the problem. Since your teacher did nothing, go to an administrator. Tell them that this girl is bullying you about your deceased parents. Tell him or her how long this is going on and these same stories you told us, and the teacher completely invalidated your feelings and dismissed the girl's relational aggression as her having a crush and that you are supposed to be nice to her or something, as if it we're your fault. Ask the administrator if this is a standard response for victims of bullying or harassment. You feel &lt;insert list of emotions here: sad, angry, frustrated, abandoned, alone, isolated, invalidated, etc. &gt;. If this administrator does not do anything, tell another administrator. If they all say something as absolutely stupid as that teacher, go to their boss: the principal of the school. If that doesn't work, contact the school superintendent. Keep working up the chain.
Meeting a kid as the way of telling you about the kid is super manipulative. It puts you on the spot because it is easier to say no to the idea of having a kid than to face an actual human being. I'm guessing that her plan was to get you attached to her, and then get you attached to the kid. It is also terrible parenting. Her child should not know anything about her mother's sex or love life until the relationship is quite serious. If she keeps using her own actual kid as the way to introduce the fact of having a kid, the child will see a parade of men noping out the minute because of her. How is that going to make the kid feel? I hope you tell her this, because somebody needs to. This all suggests that she is quite likely desperate for a relationship to save her and help parent her child more than she is interested in you for you, and worse yet, she has lost track of what is best for her child.
There is a free e-book you can download called, "Why Does He Do That?" by Lundy Bancroft. The short answer is, he knows he is being controlling, and he likes it that way. He wants to have power over you. The problem is one of values. He believes that he has the right to control his partner. You need to consult with a couple of good lawyers in your country. Give them all the information that you can, including the prenup. However, bear in mind that (hopefully; I didn't not know what country you are talking about) there is no law forcing you to stay in a shitty relationship. You have many choices open to you. You can leave him and stay in the country. You can leave him and move back. You can leave him and stay long enough to get the divorce and finances settled and figure what *you* want to do. Let me ask you something, though-- even if you were to lose some money or not have an upper class or upper middle class life if you left him, would it be worth it to stay in an unhappy, controlling life where you have no voice, and to raise kids in that environment, thereby locking you in even more, just for a nicer flat?
&gt; I originally asked him if he wanted me to come but he said no because he didn’t want to relocate me from my family and friends for two years. That is sort of a caretaking response on his part. Really, those things are up to you. When you asked him, you wanted to know how *he* felt about you moving with him. The good news is that he may be a very considerate, empathetic person. The bad news is that he may be somewhat codependent, because basing your actions on what someone else might think, feel, or do is not a recipe for real intimacy. If this is true, it is definitely a curable problem. I have a friend like this. She is awesome and wonderful, but when I offer to do something for her, her knee jerk response is to refuse because it would be asking too much from me, and I have to remind her that it isn't too much if I took the initiative to offer. So, with this guy, he might have been overly cautious about anticipating your issues, and you took his "No" as actually meaning he didn't want you out there. Of course, I could be way off. You should have a chat or a series thereof where you work out what he thought back when he first answered, and now. Let's say it seems like he really does want you out there. Then you should take your time to work out what you want. Does his new city seem like a place where you would want to live? How are the people, the cost of living, and your job opportunities? If you do decide to move there, then do not do so until you have a job secured. You do not want to go out there on faith and find yourself for unemployed for a long stretch of time. That would do neither you nor the relationship any favors.
What is the line for showing respect? Does showing respect mean that you have to do literally anything she asks for? What about this: Open a new bank account at a completely different bank. Go paperless. Give them a different physical address, say, of a friend, as your residence to ensure that no mail from this bank ever goes to your house. Put most of the money from your account into it. Enroll in an online course. For example, you can enroll in ones from Coursera. Make it, or them, related to your course of study or a professional certification. Tell your mother that you spent your money on that course and there is only some small token amount left. Make sure she never knows about the other account.
Regardless of the cause of her violence, you deserve to be safe in your own home. You don't ever have to give a person a pass for physical violence. You need to not spend another night under the same roof with her.
Your mother might be cheaper than daycare, if you don't factor in the cost of divorce lawyers, alimony, and maintaining two separate households on the your current income. You are allowing your mother to dismantle your marriage. Speaking as a mother myself, your mother is selfish to think that her daycare services entitle her to shit on your wife. Look at it this way. Would you borrow a dollar from the devil? Don't accept gifts or favors from people who use it as leverage to have power over you. Stop using her for daycare effective immediately. Only see her as long as she refrains from shit talking your wife or throwing guilt trips at you. Never force your wife to visit her again. If not being allowed to bully your wife makes your mom cry, then too bad so sad, she does not deserve to be happy. If her obnoxious actions force you to cut back on seeing her, that too would be a choice that she is making. You may want your children to have a nice relationship with their grandmother, but that is predicated on her being a nice person, not to mention that growing up in a harmonious home with happy parents who love each other and know how to resolve conflict in a loving and respectful manner is much, much more important. You cannot please everybody in this situation because your mother is the one making this difficult for you. She should be caring for your wellbeing and happiness *just as you care for that of your own kids*. Therefore, you need to prioritize. We are all telling you that your priority is your wife and children. If you want to prioritize your mother instead, ok but don't lie to yourself about where that road leads, i.e. assloads of money gone to lawyers and alimony and you moving back in with Mommy Dearest, and don't feel sorry for yourself once that happens. While you're at it, why don't you Google *healthy communication* and *i-statements*. You should probably book a couple of sessions of couples therapy, really.
&gt; I wonder why that is? I feel like there has to be a societal/anthropological/psychological cause to this trend. I've thought about this a lot. My completely unscientific guess would be that kind of manipulation is a result of growing up or being relatively powerless. I have noticed that this kind of thing is more prevalent in previous generations, where the women did not have direct power, and so had to acquire it indirectly. Some of the women I have known who were very, uh, difficult also had one or more horrible experiences in their background. My stepdaughter's mom was chosen to be sold to another family as a maid, then probably raped by a sibling, then denied proper medical care and abandoned after suffering an accident that permanently damaged her foot. It is actually amazing how resilient she is. Trauma casts a long shadow over the years and across generations. However this is strictly my opinion / intuition and as such, may be wildly off. I'd need interested to hear other observations about this.
&gt; Like, I just feel like I did something wrong. I feel like I could've prevented this, ... No. No. No. No no no no no no no nononononono N O you are in no conceivable way responsible for the actions of these two gaslighting, traitorous failures. I know that this is just your brain on shock, but I don't want you to ever think that thought again. You have suffered a double betrayal. Keep acting normal. Go have consults with a couple of lawyers tomorrow. Take current statements of all investments, debts, and bank accounts. Get some idea about numbers. It makes me so sad that you gave up a career that you loved for this scum. I'll bet he wanted you dependent on him so that he could play and you would be stuck with him. Well, now is the time to start awakening your career. You do not want to be dependent on a person like that, nor desperate to find someone other man to help support you, and end up with some scary, abusive, controlling jerk. It is essential that you be able to stand on your own two feet.
You want this cycle to end, but unless he decides to take steps to end it, it won't as long as you are with him. Look up *trauma bonding*. There are many great results that come up right away. You have been through hell with this guy, and you can't stand the thought that he is turning out to be same shit, different day. You do not have it in your power to make him see that what he is doing is abusive and wrong. However, you do have the power to make yourself see that. You don't have to be alone, either. Get yourself a therapist and work on making friends, especially female friends. There are plenty of people who are lonely and who could be great friends with you, even if you feel like a tornado up and discarded rag doll at the moment. You are still a human being and you still deserve all of the joy that is your due.
Please don't blame yourself for anything. You did not deserve to be betrayed and cheated on. Forgiving them made no difference as to the outcome. Yes, your boyfriend used you as the safety backup and your friend assuaged her guilt by being all sympathetic, which while extremely humiliating for you, still wouldn't have gone any differently. It was already a done deal, possibly long before them telling you about the kiss. That may just have been their plan to put some kind of fig leaf over what was probably an affair that was already underway. Anyway, that is in the past. The trash took itself out. Cheater plus cheater, what could possibly go wrong with that scenario. You take your hot self and keep being awesome and having fun! &gt; he was "much happier" with her and she was his "best friend". &gt; "I wish I could say I regret it, but I honestly can't say that..." Yeah, yuk. Good job staying classy in the face of that. Those are some gross, self centered people.
Maybe you have ADHD, but seriously, your husband has not one single damn thing to do all day long but work on the house, yet he assigns shit to you just so he can bring you down, so that you won't notice that you are floating his lazy mooching ass. It's called *negging*. Look that term up.
If there is a chance that they might get violent or somehow kidnap you, then yes. Other choice: don't tell them. Or trickle truth them. If the quality of your relationship with them is predicated on you presenting a false front, then they don't really love you, and that will always be at the back of your mind. Yes, you deserve parents who love you for you. Unfortunately, that is not what you have. I strongly advise you to be the perfect little Muslim daughter until such time as you can be 100% self sufficient. However, make sure at all times that you keep any apostate proclivities a carefully guarded secret. Do not keep a diary, even online with a password. Never discuss this with any relatives or family friends. Do cultivate good friends who could potentially take you in at a moment's notice. Do keep a secret bank account whose statements are sent to the friend's house. Do locate your personal documents on the down low--any birth certificates, social security cards, IDs, passports, immigration papers--and keep them in a safe location that your parents do not know about. Use social engineering to get these documents. For instance, tell them that your school has a new rule that you have to bring your birth certificate down to the bursar's office to keep your scholarship. If they ever tell you that they are taking you to their home country for an awesome fun vacation, do not go. Leave in secret the night before. If necessary, make a scene at the airport. Tell security that you do not want to board the flight and that you are being taken against your will. Study how abuse victims get away from their abusers. You will quite likely have to resort to such methods. If you feel bad about being deceptive, well, don't. It is okay to look after your safety. You don't owe them anything. They are the ones who decided to conceive you; as such raising you was their moral obligation. They owe it to you to love and support you. Yes, you owe them respect, but that stops when 'respect' means being endangered or imprisoned, if even in a guilded cage. Edited to add: check out the article "Secret ex-Muslim network in Australia fear disownment and abuse" on ABC.net.au.
Your boyfriend makes *at least* $100k. You make $150k. What is this saving money thing about, anyway? Buying a Rolex should be like buying a Casio is for the rest of us. Ask him what kind of Rolex he is interested in, and if you love him and it is reasonable, save up and buy it for Christmas. Or don't. Basically, if it ain't broke, don't fix it.
Step One. Stop by the local police station. Make a report about your grandmother breaking into your phone without your consent and read some sexually explicit texts. Tell them you want to make a report because they threatened to get you committed to a mental institution. Assure them that you are physically safe, happy with your life, and have zero suicidal or self harming inclinations whatsoever. Ask them for advice. Police tend to like it when people ask them for advice. Step Two. As everybody else is saying, you should spend the night elsewhere, change your passwords, and make sure especially that they are blocked on all social media and that your banking information is secure. Step Three. Wherever you stay for the next few nights, also make a report at that precinct that you are safe and are voluntarily refusing contact with your family. Step Four. The next time you enter the house, it should be with a police officer so that you can move your essentials out in peace, even if you're just putting it all into storage for the time being. Also, having a police officer present will ensure that they cannot kidnap you or withhold your personal property. Step Five. Once you are safely on your own, if it seems like they have cooled down and only if you feel like it, you can slowly explore reestablishing contact, first electronically, and then with phone calls, and finally meet them in public. If you ever get to the point of visiting them at one of their houses, bring a friend or two along with. Maybe that friend should be some big scary looking guy with a whip and leather mask. :D
First of all, good for you for being willing to take a hard look at yourself! This is not an easy or fun step. Next: Step One: do a search on *healthy communication* and *i-statements*. Step Two: Abuse is about control. You need to search your soul and question yourself why you have this need to control. Often this can be a reaction to having experienced a trauma, or repeated abuse and trauma, as a child. It can be due to having an anxiety disorder; the sufferer tries to control their environment as a way of self-loathing, which of course doesn't really work because the problem is inside, so the attempts at control only get worse. It can be due to some other mental disorder, such as bipolar disorder or borderline personality disorder. This soul searching is best done with a capable therapist. Sorry, hon, there is no avoiding this step. Don't just throw your hands up and say, "It's too expensive!" You find a way. There may be community resources or even online therapists, but you will never find these until you make a commitment to yourself that you must do so. To get started, check out a post entitled "Guest Post: 14 Free and Low-Cost Mental Health Resources" on captainawkward.com.
So...does he have some kind of issues around money? Did he have controlling parents? Some poverty or neglect in his background?
That seems to explain a lot. Sorry to be a cliché, but therapy maybe?
And that includes the bartenders, who apparently didn't care that they were breaking the law by getting an intoxicated person even drunker.
Also, whatever you do, don't get her pregnant.
&gt; He's always dismissive about my feelings like that. If I'm hurting or feel depressed or pressured...I can't say anything because to him, what I feel is nothing compared to what he goes through... This relationship might have worked up until now, but it is not going to work going forward unless you are willing to always give in and appease him. Sleep is a physical need. If he refuses to understand that, you cannot continue with this person.
I'm guessing that she finished college.
Interrupting someone's sleep is abusive because sleep is a physical need. An anxiety disorder can lead a person to be abusive because they are trying to control their environment. You should not accept being abused, either this once at regular intervals. I suggest that you not come home and start making plans to live on your own. Tell him that if you do come back, *if* (which I don't recommend personally), it will only be if he gets therapy and actually sticks with it long enough for him to change. Do not go to couple's counseling with him--it is not recommended to go to counseling with your abuser. You should not come back to him anytime soon, if ever, no matter how many promises he makes. Promises are just words in the air. He is making the classic abuser move of not really taking any responsibility for his actions--the "I'm such a horrible person" gambit is a ploy to make you console him, whereas he is the one who is really wrong, and he knows it. I wonder if he isn't ramping things up because you quit your job and are further from your family, and hence in his eyes are stuck with him. If so, you really shouldn't bother trying to get back with him at all. Try to get your own income back up, and leave him to figure out his issues. You need your night's sleep.
I don't think she should welcome him to accompany them one step further. He is an abusive POS and they all need to start distancing themselves.
Ghosting is not cruel and cowardly if it is the only way that someone who has been as braten down to the point of voicelessness as OP can end this. In general, ghosting is a good idea for abuse victims.
You are both so, so very young. He is probably bored of having to work a job and support a partner and baby. The pity of it is that he should have considered that babies bring a lot of hard work and sleeplessness before getting someone pregnant. It is not good for either you or your child to have a father who strings you along emotionally by wandering in and out. This is not how relationships and parenting work. In general, child or not, breaks are pointless 98% of the time. You are in or you are out. Tell him that if he walks, you will consider it a breakup no matter what name he wants to put on it, and you will go straight to court and filing for custody and child support.
Take it from one who has it: every word you have written here screams ADHD. You need to put your foot down about this. It can be very frustrating for both parties to live with someone with ADHD. You can't let yourself slip into the role of adulting for him because that is good for neither of you. Please show him this thread.
Google *healthy communication*, *i-statements*, *non-violent communication*, and John Gottman's research on marriage. Also, as everybody else is saying, counseling and a mental health diagnosis. Various conditions, e.g. OCD, can make it hard to let go of things, which is the real problem here. It is also possible that this represents something that is the real problem in the relationship. The past cannot be changed, so if you cannot let something go, it is cruel to use it as a free pass to punish someone for the rest of your lives together. If you cannot get past this, both of you would be better off divorcing.
One of these days, he will turn this petty vindictiveness in your direction. It sounds like this is who he is. Just saying.
You have a choice. You cannot make goals for other people. You cannot sweep up their messes. You cannot keep inserting yourself in the middle of conflicts because that makes you two people's target. If he regrets his actions, that is his only hope for getting counseling and changing his ways. A person who must win everything at all costs is not a good family member, husband, or father.
No problem with you doing both. As far as counseling for him, he would have to agree to actually go and take it seriously. You could always go to a couples counselor yourself, though. This person can share their wisdom about where this relationship is heading.
First of all, slamming and throwing things and having temper tantrums is absolutely physical abuse because it is terrifying and intimidating. It is a non-verbal threat of violence. When he does this, it is not an inner demons bursting forth. It is behavior he is choosing. You should download and read the free e-book, "Why Does He Do That?" by Lundy Bancroft. Try to get your mother to read it as well. Second of all, if you are making six figures, you can and should move out now. There is no reason to wait. Third, not only is your mother capable of moving out, she failed in her duty as a mother to protect you by failing to move out long ago. This is no atmosphere in which to raise a child. Hence, I think you should start by saving yourself and getting out of there now. If this would make your father angry or your mother cry, that's their problem. Moving out is a normal step that normal parents suppirt and celebrate. Manipulative, abusive, and controlling parents are the ones who try to hold their adult children back, purely for the sake of control, no matter what excuses they give as to why. Once you move out and are established, if you are so inclined and if you enjoy your mother's company, she could live with you, find a job, divorce your shitty, abusive dad, and rebuild her life. However, she may refuse all such offers and make a million excuses why she can't leave him right now. They will all be bullshit, and that will show that she, too, is choosing to stay in this wretched state.
Make sure you get something in writing. At very least, send them a text or email. If there is nothing in writing and they hand you a $20, you will have a hard time taking that purely verbal agreement to small claims court, and you probably wouldn't have it in you to do that anyway. Send your email reply saying, "Just to be clear, I am doing A number of people's makeup at B place on C date at D:00 o'clock for a total cost of $E. I am payable in cash or Venmo (for example) and payment must be ready before I start work on that day (another poster suggested that you require payment before the day of, which is also a great idea). I cannot accept a check unless I am paid by at least (whatever date is 2 weeks before the wedding). Is this correct, and who shall be paying me?" Then, when you get there, if they don't have the money ready, if they have a long involved story about how Aunt So-and-So will have the money at 4:32 pm, *you walk*. I've had the experience of trying to chase down clients who get too drunk to function or who disappear right when payment is due. Ooohhh hells no.
It is a medical fact that pregnancy changes ones body, sometimes permanently. For one thing, pregnancy changes how the body handles blood sugar. Yes, there are people who don't get obese after multiple pregnancies. Good morning America, different people are different, just as their experience of pregnancy is different and the resultant children are different. I am guessing that you have never raised a child, much less multiple children. It is hard to describe the particular kind of exhaustion brought on by the combination of lack of sleep and being tied to the relentless physical and emotional care of one or more tiny, helpless, incessantly needy beings. There are different kinds of labor, all of which can exhaust a person. Pumping iron and going for a six mile run is one. Never getting proper sleep, never really having time to yourself because there is always something that urgently needs doing, and being the sole source of nourishment and emotional comfort is another. The difference is that after doing a bunch of physical labor, you can go home, put your feet up, and get a good night's sleep. As a parent of multiple children, you have little physical freedom and you never sleep properly. Napping is a poor substitute. The effects of chronic stress and sleep deprivation and better understood every day. Both have as a result blood sugar I'm balances. Did you know that a normal person who loses as little as two hours of sleep has blood sugar imbalances similar to those if a diabetic the next day? I'm sure you must also know that the stress hormone, cortisol, temporarily releases sugar into the blood stream. When this stress is caused not by a physical crisis such as an attacking wild animal, the elevated glucose remains and gets stored as fat. That's why people who are under chronic stress are likely to gain weight. Guess what, raising two tiny babies is stressful. I could go on. I'm just saying that your experience with food and weight loss as a child free young man is going to be quite different from that of a new mother.
Something to think about: what if having kids triggers his anxiety?
There are tracking and nanny apps that are undetectable. You can try doing a factory reset on your phone, but she would probably figure that out and reinstall whatever. Therefore, I think you should get your own phone on a completely different network. Use your old phone just often enough that your mother doesn't suspect that you have the other. Also get your own computer if possible. Make sure that both are password protected.
He doesn't want to go on the vacation with you. That may hurt, but it is what it is. He has the right to want what he wants, just as you have the right to feel how you feel. &gt; Then he said he would take time off to play a new game.... shut off his playstation. Sometimes people need breaks in arguments. Yes, you have the right to feel how you feel, but in general it is a bad idea to have an argument late at night or in general when people are tired, hungry, or stressed. If people want a break from an argument, you give it to them, because nothing good is going to come of arguing when someone is tired, stressed, hungry, etc. If you don't think he cares as much about the relationship in general as you would like him to be, then you can walk away. Trying to force someone to feel x, y or z is never going to work. It is reasonable to think, "I wish this person felt this emotion." It is reasonable to ask the person what they feel, but you have to be ready to accept whatever they say. If you are usually angry with them, do not expect either an honest answer, or for that person to feel what you want. If you are not satisfied with a relationship, if it is not meeting your needs, then the thing to do is walk away. Your anger cannot make a person love you or want something they don't want. If someone is trying to avoid you, it means they don't want to be around you. If your boyfriend does not want you to call him, it means don't call him. That may hurt and I'm sorry it hurts, but often other people can't or won't give you what you want. Fights in a relationship should be rare. If you are frequently fighting, something is wrong. Finally, do not ever, ever, ever again involve another third party into your relationship problems, even if they are close to you both, even if they are great people, *even if they offer*. Don't do it. The only exception would be a trained, licensed mental health professional. I get the strongest impression that your needs are not being met through this relationship and that you are trying to force your boyfriend to feel or act in a certain way. That will never work and you shouldn't do it. A relationship is not like a math test. A relationship takes two people being on the same page. If only one is, it is not a relationship. You trying harder, whatever form that takes, will not make it better, closer, stronger, or more loving. You might say that a relationship is more like a dance. The two participants have to agree to do the same thing. They have to agree what the dance is, both be capable of doing that dance, and adjust their movements according to the other. In a relationship, if one keeps pushing and the other is pulling away, this will only get worse. If he keeps pulling away, if you keep finding yourself angry because he is not giving enough, then stop trying to "make him see" or "make him understand" or "make him listen" or make him anything. Have a **short**, frank talk where you mostly listen. If he doesn't want to have the talk or if he doesn't want what you want, fair play and time to move on. You can always pursue counseling on your own, but you must be completely honest with the counselor and open to what they say, even if it is scary. If you keep finding yourself in relationships where the same things happen over and over, if you keep saying, "all men are ______," then you need to look at yourself.
I'm thinking that if Mom doesn't know about a device, she can't track it.
If it is an unpaid internship, which sounds like what you're describing, then OP's tasks would have to be purely educational or instructive. They would not be allowed to have OP perform any tasks that a paid employee would ordinarily do unless they paid OP the MD state minimum wage of $9.25 per hour ($3.63 if they receive tips :/ ).
Don't go into counseling with your abuser. Counseling is great for people to figure out how to communicate about things like money, sex, and chores. Counseling will not fix an abusive person who makes stupid excuses like "it was a joke" or "it was an accident." It was neither. If you go to counseling, he will put on the repentent act and put on the Mr. Wonderful mask for the next 5 months. Then once you're locked down by marriage, he will feel comfortable and have no reason to hold back anymore. Abusers escalate at the big milestones themat bind people together: getting engaged, moving in together, getting married, getting pregnant. What happened to you now was a glimpse of your future. Non-abusive people would not dream of grabbing your arm like that, not even once.
Dude...there is no excuse for abuse. None. And where did you concluded that she was mocking him? There is no hint of contempt for him anywhere. Way to blame the victim. People are allowed to use hand motions while talking. Nothing about that is mocking and nothing about that justifies a physical reaction. If somebody speaks to you in a mocking way, the only appropriate response is, "I don't like the tone of voice you are using. It is hurtful." And walk away. However, in this case there is no indication that she was mocking him. She was discussing that he was overly critical, which is a sign of emotional abuse. He doesn't want her to voice any complaint. He is shutting her up. That is what is really happening. There is no excuse for abuse and the victim *never* deserves it. Period.
When my partner does housework, I make damn sure to know how much I appreciate it. That seems like a better way to make sure people do their share and the atmosphere in the house is happy and loving. It is not acceptable for you to have to live in this abusive situation. You are a great partner and you deserve to be loved, cherished, and appreciated. Also, this is terrible for the poor little girl's mental health. The kindest gift you can give her is to set limits and stop accepting this treatment. **Step One** is to get yourself a counselor or therapist who has experience helping people get out of emotionally abusive relationships. You don't want someone who simply consoles you and lets you stay in this thing indefinitely. You walk into the first session, lay it out like you did here, ask them to hold you accountable for getting out of this relationship within a month. If they can't do that, find another therapist. Do not go into couples counseling with your abuser. This is not recommended. The abuser often ends up manipulating the therapist into painting you as the abuser, and you end up worse off than before. **Step Two**. Start reaching out to friends and family. Rekindle all the old relationships that you dropped to please this awful, controlling person. You will need these contacts to help you stay strong and not go back. **Step Three**. Whether or not counseling is an option, call the National Domestic Violence Hotline at 800-799-7233, tell then that you are in an emotionally abusive relationship, and ask then to help you devise a plan to get out. This plan should encompass separating your finances, finding another place, lowkey getting your personal documents and most important valuables out of the house *without her knowing about it*. Then you move the rest of the stuff sometime when she isn't at home. This should all take place without her knowledge until it is a done deal. Strongly consider moving in with a friend or family member so that you aren't alone. This will help you to not cave and go back to her once you have broken up. Her abuse has created an addictive like bond with her. This is called *trauma bonding* (look it up) and is the reason people often return to their abusers. **Step Four**. Inform her via text, or if you must, by telling her in a **public place** that you are breaking up with her and do not wish her to co tact you again. Do not JADE: Justify, Argue, Defend, or Explain. Use as few words as possible, get out of there, and block her calls and texts and block her in all social media. She will try to guilt trip you, possibly saying that she can't survive, or using her daughter. That's why text is best. Remember: *the greatest gift you can give her daughter is to model standing up for yourself*. If she threatens suicide, call 911 and let the professionals deal with it. Do not do not do not do not break up with her without somebody else present. That's why you should really do this by text. For one thing, you do not want her engaging in self harm and then calling the police and blaming you. You do not owe your abuser anything. Text is best. **Step Five**. This is going to be a hard couple of weeks because your brain, conditioned by all this abuse, is going to try its best to make up reasons why you are going to be in unbearable pain forever and cannot live without her. This is where you rely on all kinds of external help, friends, family, therapists, work, hobbies, gym, you name it, to get through the rough patch. **Keep her blocked**. If she still manages to contact you, do not believe anything she says, no matter how convincing she sounds, and do not respond to her. Stay strong! It will get better, better than you can imagine, I promise! Check out the website Out of the FOG for more tips about dealing with abusive, manipulative people, and recognizing their behavior for what it is.
Look, I am one of the biggest ones on here ready to call abuse, and I think that as much as anything, it means that OP needs to GTFO now, immediately, this weekend if possible, by the end of the week at latest.
Yep. Emotional abuse is abuse and there is no excuse for abuse.
Dude, just GTFO and block all contact. I'm sure your family will be thrilled. Get therapy so that you rebuild your fucked psyche and learn how to spot abuse in the future.
I have ADHD and I think mild dyspraxia. Look that term up. Anyway, parking is usually a mess because it is hard for me to judge spatial relationships involving my body or car. Anyay, next tiime that happens, don't be afraid to ask for help. Everybody is good at some things and bad at others. You are fine. You are awesome. The media celebrates the most amazing people who do things that are out of reach for most people. However, being a sports hero or a child prodigy or the winner of a reality show competition or multimillionaire of blind person with one leg who summits Mt. Everest is not the norm. The norm is getting out of bed, smelling funny, overcooking the eggs, being almost late to work where your insecure coworkers and boss do little to validate your efforts, etc. Most people are mediocre most of the time at most things. It is the easiest thing in the world to act like a middle school bully or mean girl and hide your insecurities behind derisive laughter. Be kind to people. That is the easiest way you can achieve awesomeness right here and now with whatever talents you have or don't have. Sending you Internet hugs. P.S. Don't forget to hug a puppy or kitten today.
&gt; he said that this is an important time in my life where I have to choose between being carefree and finally building a steady life. Ok, in other words, if you don't settle down at age 21, you lose your chance? Uh, no. You don't ever have to settle down if you don't want you. A friend of mine started getting jobs that were all in various different spots on the globe after college, and went on like that for 15 years. His logic sounds like he's trying to get you to dismiss your feelings. It sounds controlling of him. If he is that ready to settle down, he should be going with someone more his own age. Also, it is not a good sign that he is pressuring you to lock yourself in after only 7 months. You are not ready to make a commitment and after 7 months, it is way too soon. Tell him in no uncertain terms that you are leaving after you graduate and you are nowhere near ready to commit your life to him. If he won't drop the subject, break up, sooner rather than later. You two are probably incompatible due to being at different life stages.
If he's not feeling it, he's not feeling it. It doesn't mean that he is broken and needs a therapist any more than it means that you are broken and nobody will ever love you again. People are still changing in their early 20s, which is exactly why it's usually not a good idea to get married young. &gt; He also told me that he didn’t feel the sex had improved, and that instead of telling me he lied because I’m too “delicate” and was turned off by the fact that I didn’t know what he wanted during sex without him asking directly. Oh come on. That's exactly how sex is supposed to work. Ypu are supposed to communicate. Life isn't a porno. That one's on him. &gt; I’ve been spending hours learning Spanish so I could talk to his parents. That is never a waste of time. Most people in most of the world know two or three languages. Only in America is this regarded as some huge, impossible achievement. I know it hurts, but you have to let him go. Say goodbye,exchange your stuff, cut contact with him for a while. Hang out with your friends, visit Costa Rica or Mexico and put your chido Spanish skills to use in a dance club, and move on.
Stop giving him advice at all. If you really love this guy and don't want to break up, I would say, separate your finances, explain that he will be responsible for his half of the bills, even offer to downsize your living arrangements, or he could live separately, he could work this whole business thing out for himself. Tell him that having children with him before is out of debt is a hard no, as is supporting him financially at any time. If he is not ok with that, best for him to move on. Then you can stop arguing about this altogether. He wants what he wants. He can figure out his priorities for himself and own then, and he won't be able to blame his choices on you. Edit: he called you b-word? Just caught that. Ok, fuckit.
She doesn't need proof. It's happening all the time and everybody is seeing it.
She might like it, but it is most likely that she does actually hate it. Young girls are not brought up the same way that boys and men are. When I was a kid, if I objected to pretty much anything, such as having to wear some awful article of clothing, I was told not to be "ugly." I was actually told that the most important thing was to be obedient. Meanwhile, if my brother pitched a fit about the same issue, my mom would grumble but she would cave. Once you have been told over and over that the most important thing was to obey and that you would get in trouble for objecting to anything, you are not at all equipped to deal with harassers. I was harassed by coworkers, groped in dates, and yelled at in the streets for years, and no I did not fucking like it, but in the moment I would freeze up and feel incredibly wrong and guilty for speaking up because I had been specifically trained not to.
Being ignored by some creep is not going along with it. It is being ignored. You don't believe this is possible because you haven't seen this happen. That's because it either doesn't happen when you're around, or it does happen and you assume it's consensual. Telling someone that their experience isn't real or that they wanted it is literally victim blaming. Women get groped and propositioned. Every single woman has had this experience. Every single one, no exceptions. I couldn't even walk a block in my college town without some asshole shouting put of his car at me, and if I was riding a bike, holy shit forget about it. I didn't dress sexy at all, either; I dressed like a complete schlub. I had a coworker grope me daily for a couple of months in front of people before I could work up the courage to tell him off about it and no, I did not fucking like it. It may sound astonishing or idiotic that I didn't yell at him, but I had a hard time saying anything because as a kid, I had been taught to obey unquestioningly and yelled at or punished for saying what I wanted. It takes awhile to undo that conditioning.
&gt; Is there a way to condition myself to not feel irritated when he drinks? Why would you want to go deeper into denial about your fiancé's alcohol problem? You get irritated whenever he gets slightly buzzed because he knows damn well that he does awful things when he is drunk, yet continues to drink. It doesn't matter how wonderful he is when he is sober. He is an awful person when drunk, and that's part if him, too. As we like to say around here, if a delicious sandwich has a little bit of poo in it, it is a shit sandwich. You should give him an ultimatum: he quits drinking altogether and seeks treatment for his problem drinking or you leave. Then, if he actually does stop drinking, you should not marry him unless he has been sober for at least a year.
Your body has this capacity to feel pain. Why is that? Your capacity to feel pain alerts your defense mechanisms. If you step on a rusty nail or touch a burning hot frying pan, you immediately stop. You withdraw your hand or foot and avoid serious injury. If you break your arm, the pain tells you to stop using it until it has healed. Likewise, our capacity for emotional pain protects us from bad situations. If you have a creepy feeling about a person you meet, you avoid them or keep a close eye on them. If somebody hurts you, you might tell that person so that they have a chance to make it right. If they don't, you are supposed to avoid that person. Your sadness, fear, and anger are all warning signs that give you a chance to stand up for your rights and defend yourself. It is a common tactic for an abuser to forbid their victim from acknowledging the painful feelings that the abuse engenders. The abuser may gaslight their victim, may tell the victim things like "it's a joke," "you're a special snowflake," you're a princess," or "you're oversensitive." Abusers often claim that the victim is actually the abuser just for trying to object to their maltreatment. Perhaps you are starting to think that we are all crazy Internet people. Therefore, I think you should test that presumption. I suggest that you do whatever it takes to find a therapist who specializes in helping people reconver from abusive relationships and ask that person for their objective opinion based on their knowledge and experience.
The thing about beauty, as you are learning, is that it is more subjective than people realize. You can never be beautiful enough because your body is just an excuse to punish yourself. You have a deeply ingrained mental pathway of punishment. In engaging in this form of self harm, you are manifesting this imprint of punishment. Hence, it is not your body that is the problem; it is this habitual mode of thinking. The good news is that you can establish new thought patterns. CBT is a form of therapy that allows you to examine your thoughts and eventually answer them back, thus changing your mental habits.
&gt; She has an extreme desire to spend as much time as possible with me no matter what because she believes that time spent together is a direct measurement of how much one loves the other. Oooohhh myy no. She sounds very controlling, and this is turning into abuse. (For further exploration, check out "Is my relationship healthy?" on loveisrespect.org). Let's hope for her sake that this is all due to immaturity,and she will grow out of it. However, there is no chance of her doing so while she is with you. You are just barely launching yourself into adult life. You will grow and change especially rapidly over the next eight or so years. This is a time in your life when you need to start exploring the world in every sense, or you will hobble yourself. It is a great sign that you like your work, take pride in it, and make your customers happy. You sound like a decent guy with a good head on your shoulders, and you are absolutely right about the sleep issue. Don't be afraid of letting go of someone like this. If you can't bring yourself to break up, then set some strict limits. Sleep when you need to. Work when you deem fit. Make sure to spend time with your family and friends--no one has the right to cut you off from your people. If she cannot handle these extremely appropriate limits, if tries to gut trip you or abuse you verbally, then you should make the tough decision to let her go. A relationship should never be a cult.
Yes I agree that the right thing is to tell your mom. However, that's easy for me to say out here in Internetland. Another alternative is that you unblock him long enough to send one message: "If you come out here, I am telling Mom everything. Your son is welcome but you are not. Do not contact me again." Then see how he responds. If he says anything besides "Sorry, not coming," then save the message and tell your mom.
If I found myself married to someone who wouldn't be satisfied with me unless I was constantly on a program of improvement, I would feel intimidated and exhausted. I would want to avoid that person instead of spending time with them. Don't get me wrong--I am always trying to improve myself. As an adult, however, I don't want anybody telling me what I have to do. It sounds like you are excited about being married and want to exert efforts to have an amazing marriage. However, you can't approach your marriage like your education or your career. I recommend that you look up *healthy communication in couples* and *i-statements*. Also, never forget that you and your wife are a team. You are looking for ways for both if your needs to be met. For example, when she talks baby talk when there is a serious topic, think about why she might be doing that. Clearly there is some reason why she wants to escape. Is she afraid of your reaction, worried that you will criticize her and act like your way is superior? Was she criticized a lot by her parents and not allowed about her own opinions about things? So when you discuss serious things, if you make sure that she knows that you want to truly listen to what she says with an openind, and accept her for being a separate, intelligent person with her own viewpoints, goals, and ways of going about things, your marriage will actually remain more interesting. You do not want to fuse into a uniblob with your partner.
Yeah, letting a person be chronically short of breath--and a young person no less--can really screw up your heart. This post horrifies me.
What probiotics work for you?
&gt; The best word I can think of to describe my husband is "Drama". Somehow he always brings a lot of drama to the table in one form or another. With all kinds of people. Since marrying, I've noticed he's becoming more oppositional and confrontational and aggressive (not just with me). Frequent run-ins with waiters and landlords and dog-walkers and handymen and siblings, etc. It sounds like your husband is simply not a nice person. The picture you painted of him before this crisis is one of a person who is not good or kind, which to me is the #1 most important characteristic of an SO. How someone treats people with less power than they shows their real character. I'm sorry, but I'm not sure why you married this person. It sounds like there is a dynamic established in this marriage where there are People That Matter, e.g. he and his grandfather, and the Rest of You Little People, including servants, his family, and you. It is sad that his grandfather is dying, but you know what? Grandparents die. Parents die. Once you hit middle age, all kinds of important people die. My brother and I lost both parents in the space of 5 months a couple of years back. We coped by overeating and watching Breaking Bad together, not by shitting on the people who were being good to us. His behavior towards you is cruel if not abusive, and it is getting worse. Step One is for you to have a consult with a lawyer to figure out what a divorce would look like financially. If you have ducks you need to arrange, do so. Do you have a job? If not, you need to get one. Where might you want to live? Doing this does *not* mean getting a divorce. It means knowing what one would look like, and taking steps to ensure that your own life is taken care of. Step Two is to get yourself a therapist with experience in helping people get out of abusive and manipulative relationships. Step Three is to start setting limits with him. As others have said, do not do anything for him if he asks you in a shitty manner. Stop ferrying him around--why can't he drive himself? Call him out when he is bad to you--*every single time*. Step Four is to separate from him if his behavior does not improve. Step Five would be divorce. He is an adult. He is personally responsible for holding down a job and being as decent as he can to the people around him. There is no excuse for abuse. P.S. edited to add: Would you want to have children with this person? Not, do you want children, but do you want to have children *with this person*? Because that would be intentionally bringing innocent beings into a toxic, abusive situation.
Until you can get out of the house, I would advise you not to spend your money on anything. Save it in a place where your parents can't get at it. You may not be able to get a bank account under your own name, so see if you can have a joint account with your other sister. I say this because as a minor, your possessions are legally your parents'. Hence I am not sure you can get them to pay you back for the colognes. The same would be true if they had destroyed a laptop, phone, or vehicle vehicle of yours. I'm sorry, that completely sucks, and allows abusive parents to hurt their children more. Now, I am not a lawyer, so if you know someone who knows more about the law, look into it. However, until you get out from under your parents' roof, you need to stay safe. If you can't get out in the short term, then you need to save your money and study your ass off so that you can get into a good college. You want your parents to think you turned into the most obedient boy ever so that they will fill out a FAFSA for you so you won't be saddled with horrible debts. I also advise you not to have anything more to do with weed until you are out on your own. Weed costs money that you need to buy your own freedom. It saps your motivation, it may incline you to be more depressed long term even if it is a stress reliever short term, and the worse part is that if you have to call the police because of being abused, your parents can use your weed use to paint you as a troubled teen. You will lose the polive's sympathy, and they have wide leeway as to what they do when a call comes in. Your parents can even use your weed use as justification to send you to one of those abusive discipline camps. Weed is not your friend in this case. End of lecture. Keep your head down and stay safe.
Abuse often surfaces when a a couple passes a milestone that links them together, such as moving in together, marriage, pregnancy, or illness. I fear that he is now showing his true colors. It's not that he is crazy or something snapped. This is who he is. It will only escalate. I know it is hard to admit that your marriage was a mistake, but look at it this way: he is the one making a mistake. You were acting in good faith and trying to be the best partner you could be. Step One is you need to find another place for your dog to stay. I'm willing to bet that your animal loving dinner party friends would be thrilled to help out in any way they could. I mean, who fucking tells a horrible story about an animal dying at any dinner party, with animal lovers or no? A deliberately cruel asshole who was trying to sabotage the occasion to get back at you, that's who. Step Two: call the National Domestic Violence Hotline at 800-799-7233 to make a safety plan for getting out of this relationship. Step Three, consult a lawyer about what a divorce would look like and how to legally get him out of your house, given that he is legally a tenant. You may have to serve him a 30 day notice to vacate, which he won't take well. You should definitely make sure that your home insurance is in order, and check on the property frequently (when he isn't home, of course) to make sure he doesn't damage it. Obviously, this is a very scary thing to consider, but he is pulling the mask off. There will never be an easier time to get out of this bad situation than the present. Someone you don't trust around your dog should not be around you or your children, either.
Aha! She goes to a church, does she? Offer to go to church with her one Sunday--how about this morning? After the service, pull a pastor aside and explain this whole scenario. See if he or she takes you seriously and talks to your mother. If this person isn't supportive and there is a youth minister, see if that person is more supportive. If the adults at church are not helpful or say something dumb like you have to honor and obey you mother by submitting to this, then let me apologize in advance and take this moment to validate your concerns. Her behavior is literally sexual harrassment. If you were coworkers, she could be fired for this behavior. Being her son does *not* excuse it one little bit, period, end of story. If the church scheme doesn't work, call up your primary care physician or therapist, if you have one. Again, describe your mother's behavior as you did above, and ask them to talk to her. If you have a therapist, may you and your mother could attend a session together.
You get to call the police regardless, even if your parents forbid it. For that matter, even if nothing is happening at the moment, you can call the police non-emergency line, discuss the situation, and ask their advice.
This person kept attempting to have sex with you after you repeatedly and clearly told him not to. You can talk to the police. There are some people on Reddit who are obsessed with claiming that women make false rape accusations. You can ignore this person. You are underage and a man kept trying to have sex with you against your will, which he did not deny when talking to your roommates. If going to the police is scary for you, you can start by calling RAINN.org at 800-656-4673.
&gt; I know this sounds weird, but my mother just loves to poke, prod, hug me all the time. She slaps me on the backside, pats me on the belly...she insists on kisses on the cheek and back massages often. I have no idea what is really going on in this woman's head, but hugs, kisses, touching someone's belly, slapping someone's ass, insisting on kisses, and giving massages are all usually considered sexual forms of contact. Sexual contact is not limited to strictly genitalia. Just because you don't like my conclusions doesn't make me "toxic," either. It is the mother's behavior that is toxic. In OP's place, I would find this unbearable. How would you feel if a man were doing this to you?
&gt; The vacation involves driving for 2000 kilometers in two cars over two days, with four children aged 4, 5, 7 and 9. Found the dealbreaker. Why can't you fly or take a train? Yes, flying is expensive, but if you calculate the realistic costs of gasoline, motels, and snacks, I'm guessing you will find that flying is not so different in cost. In any event, if you are seriously thinking of doing as straight through as possible, this will be pure hell for the children. If you only had the 9 year old and s/he was more flexible and sedentary than the average kid, I would say go for it. However, no 2 or 4 year old will be very happy trapped in a box for three days, and they will make everyone else miserable. Just my 2¢. I might be wrong.
I am a parent of a young adult. He initiates contact on a regular basis, and appears to enjoy my company. For my part, I respect his autonomy, and that of his wonderful girlfriend. I am trying to take the lessons on these subreddits seriously. I don't need to slap my grown son's butt to love him. Love is done with your heart and actions. Violating someone's dignity isn't love, it's ownership. Just my take on things.
Unfortunately, there is no middle ground here, nor is there any magic thing you can say to gift your Aunt $10,000, because let's face it, it is a gift. You either give the money away, or there is a big fight where there are rough consequences. Because of tradition, with respect to your mother's position in the family, Aunt outranks you. That is why your mother felt obligated to succumb to the traditional dynamic and promise money that wasn't hers. Now she will double down because she is about to lose face if you refuse to give that money away. Here's the thing--if you do give the money away, the requests will continue for the rest of your life. Ok, first, if your mother's name is on this account, take all of the money out and put it in a new account in a different bank, because she *will* withdraw it and she has 100% legal right to do so. Next, your mother must never again know what your financial situation is. I'm not saying don't ever help her; I'm saying that henceforth, it is up to you what your limits are. Twenty years from now, if your mother is asking for this kind of money which you actually have saved up because you and your spouse are trying to qualify for a home loan, then you never, ever tell her about that money. You and your spouse decide what you can give, and tell her that is available, end of story. If she keeps working on you, be a broken record. "We have $1,000...I don't know how you will obtain the rest, but we have $1,000 available...I'm sorry you feel that way, but we have $1,000 available...Nonetheless, the amount we have available is $1,000...No, we don't have more and we're not selling our car. We have $1,000 available...ok, I have to go now, work is calling, bye." As for this incident, if you live at home, tell your mom a lie and tell her that you couldn't get a loan for next year because you had to pay off the first loan. Then refuse to answer questions. Offer her a token amount of money like, say, $100, and use some of your savings to move to a room for the rest of the summer. If you are trying to save money by living rent free at home, this is a very terrible deal if some weekend meals and three months at home end up costing you $10,000. Final thought: if you refuse her request, she will probabt flip out, cut you off, and throw you out. However, she will come back to you the next time she needs money. P.S. word to the wise: put a freeze on your credit.
Yeah, but OP is there to set the record straight. /u/bottledupanger, start a log of ways in which your mother is neglecting his care. Also, try to get any copies of police reports, and low-key try to find some neighbors who might be either willing to call or willing to talk to CPS about what they've seen. Also, unless you are in a position to take over your dog's care, please consider taking steps to get the dog re-homed before it is killed. Start researching no kill shelters.
In the other hand, the father was right there.
Ask her to get assessed for ADHD. A lot of the behavior and qualities you are using to describe her may be due to that. - unfocused and mercurial - parents belittled her intelligence growing up: ADHD can cause behaviors that cause others, especially teachers, bosses, and parents to punish and criticize. This is especially true for girls. "Careless" mistakes, inattention to detail, taking a long time to get a simple, boring task done, poor grades despite what appears to be normal if not superior intelligence, disorganization, assignments and paperwork lost, leaving assignments to the last minute, misplacing things on a regular basis. - Having problems with traditional work, especially if it involves lots of sensory overload (such as a crush of customers) - All of the above leading to intense feelings of shame and crippling self esteem, leading the person to avoid activities that they fear will simply prove that they are stupid, lazy, failures, don't care, etc. You and your wife should look up the symptoms of adult ADHD, especially as it manifests in women, and ask yourself how much of that sounds familiar.
I think your husband may have grown up a bit sheltered and hence does not understand the complexities of divorces, much less international ones, or that few people are completely black or white. I have three close friends whose fathers were very problematic, much more so than yours. All were abusive and two were alcoholics. Nonetheless, none of my friends ever stopped loving their fathers, even as they saw with clear eyes what kind of men they were. My own ex dumped my son and I soon after moving us to a third city in seven years for the sake of his career. Unlike your father, my ex was not even kind enough to kick out any money without a court order. Nonetheless, I took pains to encourage my son to have a relationship with his father. A kid wants to have a father to love, who loves them. It's that simple. Please show your husband this.
You are not in the middle of it at all. It sounds like your mother has been very pushy, overbearing, and controlling with your brother. She is pushing him away, but refuses to acknowledge this as she does not see him as an adult or autonomous person. She is probably also very manipulative, because it is obvious from your post when you are parroting her words. She is arguing her case to you, trying to persuade you that she is right so that you will pressure your brother in her stead. This is called triangulation. She is trying to turn you and your brother against each other and turn you into her foot soldier. The next time she mentions your brother, tell her that you refuse to discuss your brother with her and that her issues with him are hers to fix. She will then try to either guilt trip you, it threaten you in some way. Repeat that you refuse to discuss your brother with her, and leave the room if necessary.
Protip: if you routinely have 10+ tabs open, you may have ADHD. :) (My current count: 32)
I have ADHD. I lose my phone and keys in the house on a regular basis. I have a very simple rule, however, which has prevented me from locking myself out of my car or house. **Always lock house or car with the key**. That's it. At the moment of locking, the keys must be physically in my hand. Even if I am absolutely, 100% sure that I just clipped the keys on my belt or dropped them in my bag, I always, always, always take them out and have them in my hand with my eyes looking at them before locking. Have a sit down where you explain to her how disruptive this is, and ask her what she plans to do to resolve this.
I feel your pain. I run a small business in a competitive local industry. I have to be able to answer every call because it might be a potential client. If I let it go to voice mail, a proportion of clients will not bother and will call the competitor, because people prefer to talk to a human.
How I wish that were true. ):
She should start by calling the National Domestic Violence Hotline at 800-799-7233, or she can visit thehotline.org and communicate via a chat window if she is afraid of being overheard. They can help her devise a safety plan for getting out. She should consult with a family lawyer to see what her rights are vis a vis the car, money, etc. as California does have some protections for domestic partners. IANAL and I don't know if she would qualify, but she should look into it. (edit: you said that she moved to the other side of the country, so for some weird reason I assumed CA. Please clarify: did she move from or to MA? If she moved from MA, where is she now?) &gt; She doesn't want to leave her kid there since he is unhinged. If she does leave with her kid, she can't work since she can't afford to pay for daycare, and if she can't work, she has no source of income. More importantly, her understanding of how custody and child support work seems minimal. For this reason, she must consult a family lawyer. Consultations can be free or cost up to $250. If you really want to help her. spring for a consultation. She needs to understand what her rights are, and how victims of domestic abuse fare in the system. Please emphasize to her that her assumptions about how the law works are wrong, and probably based on lies from her partner. She needs to consult a lawyer. Help her find a good one. You wanted to know the best possible move? Lawyer. This is the best possible move.
Also financial abuse.
It sounds like he believes that his fee-fees are more important than your job. He is wrong. Please do not prioritize placating him over career. That he seems to be asking this of you shows him to he a poor long term prospect.
What are you afraid of if she knew who you were? Right now, her behavior puts her at risk for losing her license. If she went any further, say, if she revealed any of your personal data, she would be staring down a felony. You don't ever have to go back to see her even one single more time if you don't want to. Just report her.
Your mom should talk to a lawyer. If she inherited the business, it should be under her name. Was his name actually put on the business officially? If not, because she inherited, it should be legally hers. I am not a lawyer. Just kind of grasping at straws here.
I am the kind of guy some girls use as a sort of a filler, you can say maybe. Like, if things are not going well with their boyfriends, or something, some of them shoot me a message, we talk... Okay then! You have enough social and emotional intelligence that women like to talk to you. In other words, you will make a great partner! Next step...your self talk. Your perception of what women want is not what they really want. What seemed to be the rules for that sort of thing in high school are no longer the case. More and more, people will be interested in someone who is smart, hard working, has some direction in their life, and responsible with money and obligations. Of course, having that spark is important, too. Now about that. You don't see yourself as much if a "ladeez man." However, first of all, understand that you don't have to be a bulbously muscle-bound jock type in order for women to be attracted to you. I'm not saying you think that way, but many guys your age think so. However the reality is that there are many kinds of attractiveness. It probably wouldn't hurt to kick up your game a little, if for no other reason than to boost your own confidence. Find a form of exercise that you would enjoy. If you're not the athletic type, it doesn't have to be a competitive sport. Lifting, running, walking, martial arts, hiking, biking, are all things that can be done casually or seriously. If the idea of being a gym bro or marathoner isn't appealing, then go to the gym, do your thing for like a half hour on a regular basis, and bounce. Get into the habit of walking or biking to do a grocery run and push yourself just a little each time. That sort of thing. If you are eating a lot if fast food or junk food, cut back. Stop drinking any drinks with sugar altogether. If you drink alcohol, stop or cut way back, because that has the same effect as sugary sodas. Small diet and exercise habits make a big difference with each passing year. I love junk food and always hated gym class, but thanks to small, steady efforts to course correct my diet and exercise habits, I now look a lot better than many people my age. Think about how you dress, too. Again, if that whole area is intimidating, just look for small ways to kick up your game. Always stand like an athlete. Make sure your clothes fit properly. If you are heavy, baggy clothes will make you look terrible and like you're ashamed of yourself. Your clothes should fit just right and should be clean and unwrinkled. Sorry if all this sounds like something a Mom would say. But you know how everyone says to be confident? Well, that's not always easy. However, you can appear confident by changing some small aspects of your presentation. When you do things such as some basic exercise, standing straight and in a balanced manner, and dressing a little more flatteringly, you are presenting what you already are--a quality person with the social skills to sustain a relationship--to the world and to yourself instead of hiding it. Last piece of boring advice. Live and learn. Next time you start liking a girl, develop a rapport and invite her to a specific, low stakes activity early on. Don't suffer in silence for years or months or even weeks, and don't take a no as a rejection or proof that you suck or that women will never accept you. "No" is the default answer for everyone, including women. Accept it and keep swimming.
Is there any aspect of it you can help with?
Hey, you're right! For all we know OP is doing his bit around the house for sure. I am definitely speculating. I was basically my hunches on the assumption that everybody involved, OP, wife, and Jan, were all decent people, and who knows? Maybe one or more of them aren't. I'm not sure that she is saying that he cannot have friendships. However, the situation is ripe for her to feel some combination of frustration and jealousy because the domestic role is such a tedious one, even assuming they enthusiastically wanted all these kids. Meanwhile Jan sounds like kind of the main person OP is socializing with, and then he sees her all day at work, as well. I'm not saying "No friends for you, OP!" I'm saying that this would be a great time for him to tone it down and prioritize his wife for a while.
This sounds like abusive behavior. I am wondering how much of this is directly related to the drinking. As my friends and I found out in our college years, drunken discussions rarely had positive outcomes. That's why I'm wondering how much of this is an abuse problem and how much if this is a drinking problem. Does he ever act this way when sober? Well really, the result is the same. It sounds like this thing is happening, it is awful, and you don't want it to happen again. Therefore, I think that Step One, you need to confront the reality that just because you go on your own benders doesn't invalidate how awful this was. When you say that you are not the boss of him, that is a much healthier attitude than wanting to control his drinking. I invite you to question the role of your drinking in your life. What negative effects is it having? Is it making it easier for him to justify his behavior? What unhealthy or hurtful behaviors--either to others or to yourself--do you engage in when drunk? What purpose is drinking fulfilling for you? Is it helping you accept this bad dynamic? I want to present you with a couple of challenges. First, look into stopping your own drinking, in whatever form that takes. You should probably get help from multiple directions. For instance, you could go to AA, go to Al-Anon as well ((for family and friends of problem drinkers), findrself an addiction specialist, and get a prescription for one of those meds that either makes you sick when you drink or takes away all enjoyable sensation of being drunk. To get started, try calling the helpline of SAMSHA.org, 800-662-4357. Second, I challenge you to work out a place you can go when your husband gets like this so that you can peace out of the conversation at the moment when it starts to turn icky for you. Prepare a bug out bag with toiletries, charging cables, cash, and a couple of days change of clothes. Maybe even keep it in your car. Then once the drunken discussion turns the corner, excuse yourself, tell him you are taking a break, or if you think he will physically block you, then lie and say you have to go to the bathroom, and leave. I challenge you to a consultation with a lawyer as to what the financials of a separation or divorce would look like. The next step would be to set him an ultimatum that this behavior stops. You can and should also make an ultimatum about his drinking. However, do not make any ultimatums until or unless you are actually going to act on it.
This sounds like a dysfunctional and unstable relationship that has been married by cheating, acts of revenge (unspecified on your part), and a lack of impulse control. Now he is faced with an 18+ year financial commitment to support another human being. I don't think either one of you should be in any relationship, let alone this one. For your part, you need to develop a sense of ethics and decency. You need learn to take responsibility for and control your impulses. You need to learn about healthy, respectful means of communication. You need to learn how to be honest with yourself and with your partner and either solve your problems or walk away when your partner behaves badly instead of exacting revenge. What do you mean by that, anyway? Physical or verbal abuse? Property damage? Public humiliation? Because none of that is acceptable or excusable, ever. Exacting revenge will never accomplish anything good. If you think that the point of a relationship is to win, then you need to seriously reorient your moral compass. I would advise counseling as well, but deevloping a moral code is kind of your own journey.
Okay, yeah, that is definitely an exacerbating factor. Caretaker burnout is probably compounding her feelings.
Oh my yes. In fact, they are basically never getting rid of her. Your husband can gently show them some of the posts on /r/relationships and /r/legaladvice. At least they should be aware that if they tire of the arrangement, they can't just change the locks one day; they would have to go through a several month legal procedure. I think I have a faint idea as to why her mother is selling her house...
You don't even have to answer. If she follows up and gets pushy, you can say "No, thank you" and block her, or just block her. When you say no to people, just stick with no and don't add anything to it. Do not JADE: Justify, Argue, Defend, or Explain. Just stop your mouth from saying anything at all because pushy people will always have an answer to everything. It is not fair for her to turn you friendship into a business opportunity. She is going to lose all of her friends, not just you, unless she figures this out. Do not give her money, and do not give her attention until she drops this futility. The best way to help her is to do nothing whatsoever to reinforce this. Mary Kay was what dealt the mortal blow to my boyfriend's previous marriage. His ex had actually pretty successful, too, but still the business simply sucked up more and more money and their relationship could not bear the chronic stress. MLMs are purely parasitical entities. Do not feel bad about cutting your friend off until she awakens from this nonsense.
Your mother sounds exhausting and manipulative. You are all worked up and turned around both trying to defend yourself and your father. Stick with stating your preferences. Repeat them and then stop explaining yourself. It is indeed awful and soul sucking to hear one parent berate another unfairly. But your father chose to marry her, he is choosing to stay with her, and it is up to him to choose how to deal with her. So please take that guilt off your shoulders. Both your mother and father are making their own choices that you have no control over. I think that the first step is that you need to cut way back on the amount of time you spend with her. Find excuses. Take an online course--what a great excuse to wear headphones. Get a part time job. Do not go shopping with her unless you have a massively compelling reason to do so, and if you go shopping, amke sure you have your own cash and cards to ride public transport home. As soon as she starts obsessing about a topic, say, sandals, tell her simply, "I don't like sandals and I'm not getting any." Repeat that one or two more times, change the subject, and if she refuses to let go, tell her, "This topic is closed. I'm going home now." Then leave. . Look up the technique called Grey Rocking. You need to use this every time she starts with the harping.
Bear in mind that your cousins might not trust you if they assume that you have been hearing your uncle's side of the story, so don't be offended if they don't reply.
And don't loan this guy anything else.
The usual advice I was prepared to give was to not tell your parents that you are moving out until a day or so before. However, it does sound like your parents are isolated and coping poorly on their own. I am not saying at all that you should stay home. That would surely consume your life. However, it sounds like your parents need to live somewhere different. You and your siblings need to come together, discuss this issue, and make sure you are on the same page. Then you need to talk to your father about getting into a more populated area with better medical options. Ideally they could sell the house and go into assisted living, because the day is not far off when your mother will become too much of a handful for your father. Again, I am not at all recommending that you stay and deal with this. Your parents would be much better off in a stimulating environment with people their own age. When your mother has an episode, she needs to be cared for by people who know how to control her so that she doesn't hurt other people or herself. If you stayed home to care for them, you would lose 20 - 30 years during what is supposed to be the prime of your life. The lost employment opportunities and wages would never be recovered. You would probably not be able to have a partner or family--can you imagine anyone signing on to a life of geriatric care, much less bringing children into this situation? With little to no income, your life would narrow down to the same four walls and round of television shows that mark the days of the infirm elderly. You cannot allow your life to be devastated like this. You cannot stay and enable your parents so that they put off the inevitable. Get the family together and start planning your exit now, and do not budge on your plans. If the guilt trips get to be too much, move out early to show your parents that they cannot put off facing reality.
You didn't ask for a this jerk's junk. You were thinking of picking back up with him. That is not a junk requesting scenario. He is gaslighting you. Who cares whose penis it is. That is a stupid little gambit from a manipulative creep. What are you supposed to say? "Oh wow, you're right! How sexy that your cleverness fooled me! I would be such a lucky girl if you deigned to offer the gift of your company and sexual favors!"
You are not a therapist. You are incapable of helping her, or she would have gotten better by now. Break up over text. Make it short and simple. "I have decided to end this relationship. My decision is final. Please do not contact me again. If you need help, call 911 or the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 800-799-7233. Good luck." Call the local precinct and ask then to send someone over to her place for a welfare check. Then block her calls and texts and block her on all social media. Do not answer any phone calls from unknown numbers for a while. Anytime she does manage to call or send a message, ignore it unless she is threatening suicide, in which case call emergency services right away.
Makes sense. Otherwise, OP has to run around disinfecting everything.
Just as he is escalating using you, he is escalating the abuse. This is not going to magically go away. &gt; Breaking up with him hasn’t been an option because we have been together for almost a decade now. Sure you can. Why stay with an abuser? He thinks that abuse is ok. He has been consistently pushing all kinds of boundaries. This is not a problem that counseling can solve because counseling is for things like communication problems. It works for two people who are both motivated to work on themselves. He is not going to want to hear from a counselor that he is abuser because he knows what he is already and he thinks that's fine. He is choosing to abuse you. Download and read the free e-book, "Why Does He Do That?" by Lundy Bancroft. You don't have to stay just because you have been together for a long time. You don't have to stay just because "it's not that bad yet." There's no reason to wait until he causes severe and permanent damage. It is okay to avoid that altogether.
Well, yeah, she wants to come to yours for the express purpose of checking up on how horrible and abusive you are. I'm not sure why you need to indulge that. Perhaps your husband has a hard time saying no to her because she's older?
Here's how this is going down in the future. Someone starts interacting with you in a way that you suspect will turn sexual. You do nothing to encourage the interaction. Let's say they sext you anyway. Tell them you are not interested. If they are a friend and drop it, cool. If they are not a friend or if they persist, block them. Delete all sexual material from other people immediately. If someone who *may* be under aged sends you something sexual, they are distributing child porn even if they initiated sending it. Delete immediately or you will be in possession of CP. Never, ever, ever, ever send around any picture of any sexual nature. The person whose picture that is did not consent for it to be shared. End of story. And as long as we're on the topic, even though this does not relate to the subject at hand, never, ever, ever take a picture or video of a sexual nature of anyone with out their consent. Possessing such a picture is a crime. Not legal advice, but moral advice: do you know why adults usually look back upon their high school years with loathing and disgust? Because of other people indulging in malicious gossip in order to bond with their friends and feel superior. In this scenario, you have redistributed child porn to at least 20 "friends." I wish you the very best of luck in persuading all of these people to delete both the picture and the entirety of the associated conversation, because every peice of that, even one, is evidence of both cuberbullying and possession of CP. It seems that your first inclination nis to blame Mike. However, he did not make you send it to 20 people, several of whom may have sent it on to God knows who. That is all on you.
It will probably become physical at some point. Even if it doesn't, it is still an abusive marriage. There are many types of abuse: psychological, verbal, financial, sexual... none of it is acceptable. There is no excuse for abuse. Why don't you take a look at the free e-book, "Why Does He Do That?" by Lundy Bancroft. If you are afraid of what he might do if you left, you can call the National Domestic Violence Hotline at 800-799-7233, or if you are worried about him overhearing, you can visit thehotline.org and open.a chat session. They can help you plan a safety plan for getting out. You are absolutely right about not seeing a therapist with him. The behavior you anticipate is typical of an abusive partner. I hope your therapist hasn't told you to stay and work it out. If so, find a new therapist. thehotline.org might also be able to help you with that. Think about it: your body knows what's up; it has already left this guy. You should listen to it.
There's no league. That's kind of dehumanizing to both you. Just ask her out. Practice what you will say. Make it short, simple, and specific. For example, ask her if she would like to catch a movie tonight at 5:00. If she says no for a specific reason, like she has to study for a test, ask her if another day would work better. If she gives you a vague answer, such as, "I'll see," then that is a no. People often use vague put offs and hope you will get the hint because they are afraid of hurting your feelings. If she says no not tonight but gives a specific alternative, such as let's go next Sunday or let's get a coffee after school on Tuesday, you're probably good to go. If you not sure, if she says something ambiguous like "Maybe next week," ask her once more next week. If she puts you off again, you're hearing a no. Imagine that she might say no either directly or indirectly and then work out something you can do immediately afterwards to feel better, such as a favorite activity, hang out with a friend, play a video game, or even see a movie yourself. If she does say no, of course you will feel a bit blue, but remember it's not about you and whether or not you're an adequate or loveable human being. Of course you are. Everyone deserves friendship and love, not just the stereotypical popular guys you think are better than you. It's that she doesn't feel like going out with you. Imagine a girl you don't want to go out with but who is a decent person revealing that she has a crush on you and asking you out. You might be flattered, but if you're not attracted, you're not attracted. You can't do anything about that and it would be best not to get her hopes up. So you would say no but you wouldn't want her to think that she is a terrible, unlovable person, right? So it's like that with this girl. Having a crush on somebody gives you a high, but it's best to work out where you stand with the person rather than get all worked up and build up this huge fantasy world about that person; then they can never live up to that fantasy girl you invented. So just ask her out. Write down one simple sentence like I suggested (legibly, lol), call her up, and read what you wrote down. Good luck! Remember, if you ask her out, *no matter what she says*, it's still a win because you were brave enough to take that step. This is an important skill.
:O That sucks! Just, why??
I don't get the people who think you're overreacting. Maybe they should be the ones marrying into this family. It sounds very odd and boundary violating, especially since you had barely met her. It seems like a thing she does to assert her power over other people. A joke is not a joke unless both parties think it's funny. It sounds like your fiancée may have normalized this behavior. In a calm moment, tell her that you felt humiliated when her mom did that. You really didn't like it, you don't find it funny or cute, and you don't want her to do it again, even if it is something she does. Would your fiancée like it of you started randomly sticking your tongue in people's ears because "that's just what InformalFlounder does?" Remind her that you love her, want to marry her, and want to have pleasant relations with her family. You had been enjoying them up to this point and hoped that your efforts to get along with them had been succeeding. You hope that she will speak with her mother and ask her not to do this again. If it's no big deal, then it should be no big deal to stop doing it, right? This is a decent hill to die on. It is a measure of whether your fiancée plans to be united with you if her mother tries to pull other boundary violating stunts. Imagine you have children. You know how child rearing experts advise that you not force a small child to hug or kiss a relative if they don't want to? That's because even a small child gets to have boundaries. Respecting a small child's boundaries teaches them that it's ok for them to stand up for themselves if somebody tries to do something bad to them. They would be more likely to have the courage to say no and tell you about Cousin X who tried to do something nasty. How would you feel if future MIL did this to one of your children or pets? What if it made the kid cry or the pet yelp? Here's how this should go. You tell your fiancée using an *i-statement* (kind of like the sample script I provided; look it up). She might dismiss it saying, Oh c'mon, she didn't mean anything, it's no big deal, etc. You say, maybe not, but I really didn't like it and I hope you would support me in this. Then later she tells her mom. Her mom might say, it's no big deal, it's just a joke, you know this is thing I do, I've always done it, you kids never minded, etc. Your fiancée answers, I don't mind, but it really bothers him. Please don't do it. Then mom should say yes. If it's really no big deal, then it should be no big deal, right? Here are some red flag reactions: your fiancée dismisses you, your fiancée makes a big drama about it, her mom makes a big martyred drama about it, her mom berates her for asserting herself even over this one tiny thing. *Why should her mom vebso invested in doing this*? These would be signs that if you marry her, you're going to have a bad time. This would probably not be the last bullshit thing her mom pulls. Edited to add: whatever you do, do not heed the lunatics on this thread advocating that you respond by flicking her back, grabbing her hand, or any other show of physical force. This will only create more problems for you.
In the end, it is not circumstances and fate that are keeping you apart; it is a choice he is making. It was good up to this point, but you want to take it next level, and doesn't, not with you. It is heartbreaking, but hopefully this perspective clarifies things. Convert to Judaism by all means if you are drawn to it. Just do it for your sake and not his. Act under the assumption that you are taking this journey without him, and don't use it as a sort of substitute for him.
Don't go. -- 8 months isn't nothing, but it's still not long enough to know whether the bond is lasting. -- You have just received some major information suggesting that it isn't as lasting as you thought -- You won't have a job, and you would be in a whole other country, completely dependent on him, and possibly restricted in the work you could do, or any work at all, due to that country's immigration laws. Any one of these alone would be a deal breaker. Don't. Go. Do not screw your life and career up for this dubious relationship.
Slower pace of life = fewer economic opportunities.
And get a tetanus shot.
Please don't hold back when you speak to your counselors tomorrow. Tell them everything here. Sometimes it is easier to write things out for anonymous people you can't actually bsee than to say it out loud to someone real face to face. You might well find yourself freezing up. You don't want to do that, because your parents are abusive and your living situation is unacceptable. Therefore, bring in this post, or write everything down, and either read from it, or hand it to the counselor. Also, please contact your aunts and tell them everything. You deserve none of this. You sound like a lovely young woman. You deserve to have adults in your life who love you and take care of you. Please don't think for a nanosecond that even a bit of this is your fault.
Don't move away from your whole support system. This is not good for you, nor is it for the kids. By the way, physically restraining you from entering or exiiting a room is physical abuse. However, even without that, I bet that the good times are so at least in part when you stuff it in and refrain from asserting yourself, does that sound about right?
She probably messes up on her own so that someone will rescue her. Look up *waif psychology* and *dependent personality*. I'm not trying to diagnose her, just show you that this might be an intractable quality, or it she might be able to grow out of it. The question is, what are *you* getting out of the relationship? Does she just take and take, or does she ever really give of herself? This friendship sounds like an onerous and somewhat infuriating obligation. Is she mentally disabled? If so, she needs to go on disability and have a caseworker. If not, she needs people to stop trying to solve her problems for her. It is also possible that she suffers from anxiety, in which case, caretaking her is only reinforcing the anxiety. Whatever the case, her problems are not yours to solve. You need to set boundaries. For instance, perhaps you can only talk to her once a week, on Sundays from 5:00 pm to 7:00 pm. If she calls and texts outside of that time, remind her once that you will see her on Sunday and ignore repeated entreaties. Block her even if necessary.
That's exactly what I suspected.
Do not go to couples therapy with your abuser. Abusers frequently exploit couples therapy by coopting therapeutic language to make you feel broken, manipulating the therapist to side with him against you, or outright lying to the therapist and when you try to call them on it, they accuse you of not wanting to do your work. Also, couples therapy starts with the presumption that both people have work to do. In this case, you have clearly and repeatedly stated how his abuse makes you feel. He is 100% responsible for the problem here. **He knows damn well what his strength is; he is choosing to hurt you**. Find the free e-book by Lundy Bancroft, "Why Does He Do That?" and please read it thoroughly. He is physically abusing and is gaslighting you. You need to leave.
If OP has a copy of the most recent court order in his hand as he calls the police, they may well enforce it. What they don't want to do is mediate between squabbling exes, but a court order is enforceable. This is something I have seen happen in my state at least. OP could also go to the police station with his court orders and have a chat about that calmly. If the police still don't want to get involved, OP needs to go back to court.
Put chewing gum on that list while you're at it. I developed a chewing gum habit to stop myself from mindlessly snacking. I think that over time, the gum lifted the crown up just a little bit, enough for the dadgum thing to get infected. Pain, zombie breath, and drained savings ensued. But I digress. Legal advice: a good dentist is a thing of beauty and a joy forever. IANAL but at least I don't have zombie breath anymore.
Exactly. And if the parents are not willing or able to cope with this situation, CPS. I'm not saying this to be extremist. Remember that taking kids away and putting them in foster care is not Step One for CPS. In this situation they may get the kid a therapist, for instance.
Your stepfather should talk to a lawyer about the statute of limitations. It could be that the bank is trying to get their money back but he isn't liable anymore. If it turns out that he is, he needs to either find a way to pay it or declare bankruptcy, because in the U.S. at least, he would wind up in Chexsystems. Its sort of like the 3 credit bureaus, but specifically for people who owe money for long term overdrawn checking accounts. That would prevent him from so much as having a checking account for 7 or more years. If he does owe money, he can always call them up and make some sort of deal. He could say, for instance, "I can pay you $1,500 right now, would that be acceptable?" It is always worth a shot. IANAL but had a business with a shady fool for awhile back when I was younger and more naive. Edited to add: if your mother is not, uh, a super honest or reliable sort, he needs to get that divorce.
Keep up the good work. As you might already know, getting into a relationship when your recovery is less than a year on is called "13 Stepping." When two people at the same stage engage in it, they can easily derail and end up reinforcing each other's addictive tendencies. When a sponsor or clinician initiates relations with a newly recovering addict, it is very distracting as the newly sober one gets a rush of happy feelings from the relationship and ends up relying on that instead of doing the hard work of changing their mentality. Obviously, you escaped that outcome. You are awesome! However, she really, really should have known better. I would say, do what is best for you right now. However, also bear in mind that she may well have done this before.
It could be a fishing expedition where they are closing a bunch of people in a certain area with a Honda CRX to work out which one was actually being used in whatever incident.
The "different backgrounds" argument is a classic trope of closet racists. It has two variations: that people from different backgrounds can never get along, and that for his own safety you shouldn't date him because he would be exposed to racism. Source: part of my family is from the American South and I heard this argument a plenty growing up. It struck me as stupid then, and they told me I was naive. Well I had a decent 20-year long relationship with a Muslim from a Middle Eastern country. My whole family loved him. The relationship ended because he had an affair, so arguably, if he had been more Muslim we would still be together. Now I have been serious with a man who grew up in rural Mexico for some 5 years running. Your parents are either racists, or they can only handle you being theoretically gay but aren't coping well with concrete evidence of your gayness. Sorry. Smile, say, "I'll keep that in mind," and then if they ever mention it again, shut it down in a hot minute. "I told you I'd keep that in mind. I am not discussing this further." Then hang up or physically leave. Until they have made peace with this, do not be in a situation where you cannot leave them under your own steam. They will have to work out which is more important, their son or their prejudices. I'm sorry, that's a sad and scary position to be in. I know because I lived it when I first revealed that I was with the Muslim guy. My mom had grown up in the Jim Crow South. I knew she had moved beyond a lot of that, but was unsure how she would react to her daughter dating a foreign guy from a religion with a spotty relationship with the West. She was very leery at first but kept her mind open, to her eternal credit. That shows where her priorities really lay, with me. I cannot predict when or whether your parents will get over their prejudices, but you deserve no less. People have been getting together outside of their gender roles and even their species ever since homo sapiens and Neanderthals kept each other warm back in the Ice Ages. Homosexuality occurs in many animal species. This is the natural order of things, and don't let anyone tell you different. P.S. edited to add, if you suspect that your parents will not treat him well, or if you think they will be fine and they mistreat him or even make little comments, stick up for him immediately and be prepared to leave with him. Sometimes people who bring their other race people around their folks freeze up when they get a reaction they were not expecting, and it can quickly destroy the relationship. So be mentally prepared, set his expectations low, and bounce at the first sign of trouble. Be ready to have his back at all times. If your parents are racists, then it wouldn't be you or he who was "tearing the family apart," it would be them. However, they will hopefully come around after a bit of processing time. Just don't let the processing be around him; he deserves none of that.
So his mom is a racist and only "likes" you because she thinks you have money, but says weird horrible things behind your back, and then this guy is disturbingly controlling...why are with these people? Just, why? Did you grow up in abused or bullied? I'm not saying this to be mean or criticize you, though I can see why you might feel attacked. Well by and large I don't think anyone is trying to attackbyou. Speaking for myself, I am seriously worried for your well-being. There is no fix to get terrible people to stop being terrible. The fix is you have to take an Uber/bus/train/plane and get away from these people. Even from just the tiny window we have into your relationship, this is not a good one. You do not have a bright future marrying this controlling person with his nasty family.
Yeah, but Step One is do not bring another child onto the world that is not wanted by both parents. Actually, OP should tell her he is doing that. Cards on the table. Then he should do it. If this breaks up the marriage, it was breaking up anyway.
Yep, not all kids are reflections of their parents. They bring their own issues to the party.
He keeps discouraging you from breaking up because he wants the companionship and / or sex, but he doesn't really want to deal with issues; he wants everything in his own terms.
She may have no idea. It sounds like she does not intend to make these mistakes. It is likely that she will get very defensive or twist herself into pretzels trying to explain herself, because ADHD can wreak havic on a person's self esteem, especially if they have no idea that there is an explanation for their forgetfulness. Tell her that you were chatting with an acquaintance about ADHD, and it made you wonder if that wasn't what was going on with her. Many people think that ADHD is some little boy running around and being crazy in a classroom. The inattentive subtype of ADHD, especially as it manifests in girls and women, is poorly understood by the general public.
Never, ever, ever, ever tell them you have anything. The instant they find out that you have two coins to rub together, they will take them. This scenario bis called crabs in a bucket. As soon as one crab tries to scramble out, the others pull it back down. That is your family. You need to get as far away from them as possible as soon as possible. But rule #1 is, never, ever let them know one single thing about your money. You have no money. Memorize that line. I don't have any money. Repeat that line like a robot until you can escape from under their roof.
If you haven't been practicing good sleep hygiene, look it up and do that for a couple of weeks. If that doesn't help, and especially if you have always had that problem, get a sleep study done. As far as alarms, try not to use them at all. You can train yourself to wake up when it's time to wake up. However, that may not be currently possible, so set exactly one alarm and DO NO SNOOZE IT. Snoozing is the worst. When you hit snooze, it is the worst of all possible worlds. When on snooze, you are not getting any restful sleep. Hence your goal is to sleep as late as possible and still be able to safely make it to work or school. Decide what that ideal late-as-possible safe time is. Don't try to get in at 6:00 am if the start time is 7:00 am. If the start time of your obligation is 7:00 am, then your goal arrival time should be between 6:45 am - 6:55 am. Line up everything the night before. Lay out your clothes, set your coffeemaker and have the cup next to it, have a couple of sandwiches made and ready in the fridge, your backpack by the door. Brush your teeth and maybe even shower the night before. Remember that first thing in the morning, your impulse control and problem solving ability will be shit. Therefore, make it as quick and easy as possible to get out the door. This is no sacrifice. You have to clean yourself, pick your clothes, and grab some food and coffee anyway. Therefore, doing everything the night before is not extra labor. It is simply setting yourself up for success. Your goal for the morning is to sleep as late as possible and then get out of the door with 1/2 hour of waking up. See if that doesn't make for less exhaustion. By actually sleeping undisturbed instead of banging the snooze button, you could reclaim between 1/2 hour - 1 hour of quality sleep. By setting one single alarm at the last minute, you know it is do or die. There is no time to snooze. By getting your morning ready, you are being kind to yourself instead of punishing yourself, because you are sleeping as late as possible.
Keep your eyes wide and your smile big. Look at the camera as if you were looking at your best friend whom you haven't seen in seven years, or your crush. So don't freeze your expression. Keep your eyes wide and your smile big, but when people are naturally smiling, their expression changes in tiny increments so do that. Keep making tiny changes so the effect is more organic.
Imagine you were saying, "I want to learn how to look at both sides between the blacks and the anti-blacks." One side of this comes from people trying to live their lives and be ok as people, and the other side wants to maintain a long standing power structure in which women were basically property and had no autonomy. Lest you think I am being dramatic, read the news. Read about what it is like to be a woman in countries such as India or Saudi Arabia. Read about the daily lives of women in so-called modern or Western countries throughout most of history. Read about women's authentic stories in this day and age with an open mind. Read about sex trafficking. Do a search on *missing women* and read about that. **No, I am not saying that women are perfect, nor that they are always victims, nor that women never do bad things, nor that men are inherently evil, nor that men should feel guilty about all the evil things that other men have done**. I am saying that humans are capable of some fucked up things, especially when they have little to no constraints. If society were set up so that women automatically had more power, shit would probably also get fucked up. 99.9% of us do not do well when we have no constraints and limits. Think about it. What are kids like when there is no adult supervision whatsoever? Some of them get into some serious shit and the strongest and most socially dominant ones lord it over the weaker, shyer, younger ones. Well, sadly adults are not so different. I am saying that both men and women are human. I am saying that whichever group of humans is automatically handed power is, as a group, going to take advantage of that power in some not-so-nice ways. Now of course, not all humans are identical, but there are always some that are more ruthless than others and will take things as far as they can without a care for how their actions affect others. I'm not trying to get political. Read the news and draw your own conclusions. Throughout most of modern history, in most societies, men have been automatically granted power. This has resulted in injustices. Of course this is a generalization and again, of course, I am not saying that women are automatically and uniformly sainted angels. I am not talking about individuals. I am talking about larger social systems. As an analogy, I am a white person. Upon reading the news carefully, there is overwhelming evidence that there are various pervasive social systems that oppress people of color. That doesn't mean that I as a white person am inherently evil, nor does it mean that all people of color are innocent saints. It doese mean that these systems of unequal power distribution permit bad actors on the privileged side to do evil, unjust things, because the system does not place upon them the constraints that they need. It means that, whether I like this or not, by and large people of color have difficulties in their lives that are unfair. It means that white people who want to be able to continue taking unfair advantage of others will continue to support these unfair social systems, and in fact claim that they are doing so for my benefit. Therefore, the two sides here, that people or color are people and that racism is awesome, are not equally valid. I can see that and despise this oppression without despising myself. For this reason, I urge you to consider that people who oppose equal status for women do not have a valid argument that is worth considering, because they wish to maintain a set of social structures that give one group inherent power over another. This will never result in justice.
I have been struggling with a very similar problem. I think that when your learning gets stuck, you need to bring in outside information. I started taking classes at my local community college in harmony and musicianship. The harmony classes are technical and have to do with classical music, but they are making me more familiar with the foundations and conventions of Western music so that I can understand chord progressions and how to harmonize a melody. In the musicianship classes, I have to transcribe rhythms and tunes, guess what chord progressions I am hearing, and sing tunes, scales, and arpeggios. These skills are very necessary to help me hear melodies better. I am now better able to hear the melodies and chord progressions of songs I am interested in and melodies I hear in my head. I am trying to learn more about jazz, and my head doesn't explode when I see a chord like Abm7b5/Db.
There are plenty of ways to self publish these days, but that would involve you putting in the effort to promote your work yourself. The traditional way is to find an agent and/or publisher, but that too will require great persistence. Expect anywhere from 50 - 200 rejections. This is normal. So, if you don't like the idea of someone else being a gatekeeper, you self publish. But first, you have to write it. I learned how to write novels in National Novel Writing Month, which happens every November 1 - 30. People all over the world try to write a work of 50,000 words within those 30 days. If you write that many words, you win. Check out Nanowrimo.org. You can try this method whether or not it's November. To do this, you set a goal of x number of words a day. 1,667 words per day is a good goal because that will get you up to 50,000 within a month. At that point, you have a short novel on your hands. Even if the work is not finished, it will be much easier to finish with the momentum you have. The words do not have to be wonderful or even especially grammatical. Just get words down there. Make a spreadsheet and count your words every day. Once the words exist, editing is much easier. Editing is for once the words exist, not while you're writing. While writing, focus strictly on the word count. This gives you permission and space to write freely. I have had days where I wrote up to 6,000 words using this method. It is fucking exhilarating. You can't even understand until you've done it yourself. The ideas flow and the characters start doing and saying things of their own accord. Of course, you will get very stuck, too. Just make words, even if your inner critic is telling you how much it sucks. Maybe it does. So what. Writing something mediocre or sucky hurts nothing and no one. At those times, write something, anything, and if you achieve your word count, yay you! Log your word count in your spreadsheet and do it again tomorrow.
Then I guess as with anything, make sure you consider the quality of your sources of information. If you're really serious, college level Sociology, Anthropology, Political Science, Women's Studies, and History classes will all help you learn how assess the quality of any given source. It is also essential for everybody to understand the psychology behind how cults operate because this helps you to identify a bad source. Any set of facts and opinions that people repeat uncritically and is mainly traceable to a single source is likely to be a poor source, especially if that source has acquired a significant amount of money, fame, or power.
Let's put the blame where it belongs: with the rapey idiot who assaulted you because of his stupid fetish.
If you don't get a job soon, then you definitely don't want him there because he could make a scene or embarrass you. You might hate these people, but at the moment your financial independence depends on them. Jealous partners have a way of sabotaging their partner's work, and he would probably justify it saying that he did you a favor.
&gt; it speaks to a lack of self-awareness Or, she could be completely aware of how she comes across. Your narcissistic and abusive types never want egalitarian relationships. Their worldview is, dominate or be dominated. This is the entire premise of the book, "Why Does He Do That?" Abusive people know exactly what they are doing. They do it purposefully because they are happy to be as they are. They think they have the right. /u/HauntingCounty, you may be entering into a relationship with an abuser. Your relationship is not abusive yet because she is holding back. As soon as she feels it is safe to start relaxing, her abusive side will start being directed at you. Do you know what the #1 most important characteristic of a lover is? Kindness. Looks fade, wealth and health can be lost, but kindness is intrinsic.
Not only is he a possible fascist; he is also someone who holds enough of a grudge over things to plan an intercontinental trip using his unwitting sister as cover.
Well because America is enormous and it often takes more money, time, and inconvenience to get to the next state than it would for a European to get to the next country.
Your parents will never change and magically start loving you. Keeping in contact with them may never give you peace, and in fact may only trigger you. Please find a way to get therapy. Consider that you may have CPTSD, which is a form of PTSD that people get from extreme chronic stress such as what you suffered. You are admirably and bravely rebuilding your life, but you may find your PTSD gets set off by certain situations that are analogous to times in your childhood when you were abused. So do a search on *cheap OR free OR low cost therapy near me*. Since you are low income, see if you can qualify for cheap or extremely low cost classes at your local community college. This is also a great way to meet people, and many schools offer psychological counselors, or can hook you up with services. Also learn as much as you can about adult survivors of childhood abuse and CPTSD. I am so sorry this happened to you. You did not deserve these parents. You deserved, and deserve, the same love and support that your friends' parents provided.
I know, it's outrageous. With any warm body as a lawyer he surely could have bargained for a lesser charge, but never had any sort of guidance whatsoever from his sperm and egg donors. He was an orphan in every way except outward appearance.
Yuk. Just yuk. This sounds like sexual abuse to me. It would be one thing if she was highly conservative, said "No masturbation!", and did room checks. No, that wouldn't be good, and in fact does harm a kid's psychological development, but it would consistent with prevalent sex negative beliefs. However, your stepmother's invasiveness to the point that you had no bedroom door, she watched you shower, she made comments about your body and supposed dirtiness, and got her sister engaging in this behavior as well, honestly makes me want to puke. This is straight up chronic sexual assualt. You were and are a victim of long term incestuous sexual abuse. I am also outraged that your father permitted her to abuse you. He is no less guilty. I urge you to start by calling RAINN, the Rape, Abuse &amp; Incest National Network, at 800-656-4673, or go to RAINN.org and open up a chat window. You should also look for a therapist with experience in helping male sexual assault survivors and victims of incest, and who knows how to treat CPTSD. The people at RAINN may be able to help you with that. I am so sorry that this horror of a woman is your mother figure. You deserved none of this. You deserved unconditionally loving parents who had your back.
I have a bunch of ink samples already lined up in my cart, lol!
When you tell unreasonable, stubborn, self centered people something that they don't like, it doesn't matter how lovingly and carefully and perfectly you craft the message. There are no magic words to fix the situation because the problem isn't communication, it's that the person already heard what you were saying, and the *don't care*. So they make up whatever random bullshit to "win" the conversation. And about your brother--what your mother is foimdoung with the two of you is called *triangulation*. Look that term up.
Yeah, his refusal to accept that he could be wrong is not a great sign either.
Is he capable of love?
Just give them a little rum, stick them in a cardboard tube, cram 70 tubes together in a duffle bag, and put them on a 14-hour flight.
Ok, enough Internet for the day. Fuck the world. The little fuckers were just flying around, doing fine, minding their own business. Why couldn't they just be sent back? Hell, I would have paid for them to be sent back.
Go to the police and make a report. For the next steps, a lot depends on your father's willingness to support you in this matter. He could file for temporary emergency custody. Do a Google search on *temporary emergency custody Texas* and you should get plenty of results. Your father can fill out the form from the Internet, go to the courthouse first thing tomorrow morning, and file it. How are you getting to your mother's house? Is your father taking you? Is your mother picking you up? What if you simply weren't home when it was time for you to leave and go there? If I were you, I would sit in my room and refuse to leave it. Refuse to get in the car. If your mother calls the police you can explain the situation to them. At age 17, judges put about of weight on what your preference is. IANAL. Your father should consult one if he cares and can possibly swing it.
*sigh*
Absolutely.
Right?? I think we need to discuss how OP is basically forbidden to sleep through the night. Finally, out if exhaustion, she manages to do so, wakes up feeling great, and is being punished for that! /u/2throwaway4sure, sleep is a physical need, you know, like air, food, and water. Read up on the effects of chronic sleep deprivation. Researchers are finding new, serious ones every day. Sleep deprivation is implicated in conditions ranging from diabetes to Alzheimer's. Your needs matter more than his wants.
She has already said everything you need to know, but you're in denial. She is in love with him and you are basically like a doll or stuffed teddy bear. She doesn't love you. She has said that she loves her ex and her actions confirm this. Let me clarify: she doesn't love you. She loves that other guy. I think you may find it empowering to take action instead of clinging to the label "girlfriend."
He doesn't love you the way you love him. In case you doubted his very clear words on the matter, he had sex with another person. Why are you still pursuing him? *You* feel this special attraction and connection to him, but he does not feel the same way about you. Therefore, this connection is not what you think it is. Imagine a bridge. A proper bridge connects both shores of a body of a river or waterway. People can come and go either way. This is an actual connection. In your case, you have built a lovely bridge into the middle of some water, and on his side, he rows a rowboat out to your side now and then. He is open about rowing to other places, too. In short, this is not a real connection the way you think it is. &gt; And we've been having unprotected sex this whole time too. Why? Just, why? Do you think that he will love you more by risking STDs and a pregnancy? Do you think that he will love you if you get pregnant? What are you trying for here? Please, please get yourself tested and for the love of all that is holy, get yourself on a long acting birth control until you find yourself in a stable relationship with someone who is committed to you and wants to have a baby with you. Edited to add: plus use condoms every time. If the guy says no, then no sex for him. Your post worries me, frankly. You are 34 and yet there is a naivité and vulnerability that suggests that you might have some unmet needs leftover from your childhood. With all due respect, I urge you to find a therapist or councilor who can help you work through these issues.
It's only been a couple of months. He is a violent drunk, and gets into blackouts, which is a dealbreaker right there. You are lucky that you are finding this out so soon, before you've really gotten attached. Who cares what he remembers or what he thinks. He got blackout drunk and tried to hurt you. End of story. He doesn't deserve a second chance. Obviously, you have no trouble attracting people. You have trouble filtering out the bad ones. The while point of dating is to elminate unsuitable partners, which should be done as soon as possible. This is not a cue to conduct a science experiment to see how often he gets blackout drunk and tried to hurt you again just to make sure the data is replicated. You are not safe with this person. Move on. Many people try to underplay the significance of an incident of physical abuse saying, "it didn't really hurt," or "they couldn't really hurt me because they're weaker/they were impaired/I know how to defend myself." **This does nothing to mitigate that they are a violent, physically abusive person**.
&gt; welp, guess I am a piece of shit. Dont know what I was expecting, but now I feel even worse. That's the depression talking. ***Treat the depression***. Beating yourself up will not fix anything; it will only make everything worse. Clearly, your needs aren't being met here. The tough thing is that people are led to believe things will be one way in life and then they turn out to be another. I think it may be worse for me, because men are given some pretty weird messages about sex and what to expect as "normal" in their sex lives, and are often not well informed about what it takes to raise children, especially tiny ones. Yeah, tiny children are kind if horrible if you aren't ready for it. Add intbhe toxic messages given to men about not beng allowed to express any emotions besides anger, and it's not surprising that you don't have the tools to be happy in a domestic situation when you feel like every instant of your day is work, work, work, and it's never enough. Beating yourself up is only going to exacerbate everything. If your depression is such that you want to turn to drugs to alleviate it, then your wife is right to be upset because in general drugs only superficially solve the problems you're trying to solve. Then on the end you still have both your problems and on top of it, a drug addiction. Get yourself a good therapist who can help you identify your feelings, articulate them, and tolerate them. Drip activities that, like drugs, provide a short term, passive escape. These include screens activities such as watching TV, video games, porn, and surfing the Internet. Take up one or two activities that you have to actively do, such as working out, sports, music, woodworking, learning and practicing any skill that you enjoy doing. This will give you a feeling of power and accomplishment that is all your own. Interact with your kids every day. Get down on the floor and play with them or read to them, together and individually. When you are with them, push every single other thing out of your mind and be 100% present. Even if this is only for a short time, still do it daily. Learn how to express yourself using I-statements. If you and your wife do divorce, don't just get passive, give her 100% custody, and then go boo-hoo, wife took everything. Share custody. Learn how to coparent with her. Stay involved in your kids' lives. If you meet someone new, make damn sure that person will treat your kids well and not try to push you and them apart.
He is 19. He can cut contact with your mom of he doesn't want to hear her scream at him. So can you. It really sounds like he has some mental health needs that need to be addressed. You should suggest that and offer to help him find free or low cost mental health resources in your area. However, that does not absolve him of his responsibility to make his own way.
Everybody has mentioned the physical abuse, so I want to add that he was probably deliberately sabotaging your work. Abusers usually don't start abusing from day boo. If they did, their victims would simply flee. They get you attached first. It is probably not a coincidence that this behavior manifests for the first time once you are engaged. Abusers typically let the mask skip and start or escalate their abuse at any milestone which binds their partner to them: engagement, pregnancy, buying a house together, getting married. My aunt's first husband started the beatings when she was pregnant and dependent on him. Speaking of dependency, he probably wants you to get fired because then you would be financially dependent on him. The best thing you can do professionally is leave him tomorrow (tonight, actually; now that you know that he is dangerous, you should not spend another night under the same roof) and make it plain at work that you have left and cut ties for good. This will give the best chance of not being fired. I'm sorry. You did not deserve this. I am sure that you are in shock and having a lot if difficulty processing this huge change in so much of what you have based your life and future on. But if you spend enough time on hear, you will hear tale after tale of people writing in to posts like this saying, "I decided to stay and give them a chance. I really wish I hadn't. Don't be like I was." Don't stay hoping that nice, lovely, considerate man whom you got engaged to will come back and everything will go back to normal. Yes, it will seem to, until the next time, and the next time, and the next time. The nice, romantic, sweet guy is a mask. The blow and the sabotage are the real man. An actual dream guy would never dream of doing such a thing.
On the other hand, she can and must file for unemployment. Her claim may be denied, but she should then appeal it. If approved, Target would have to pay for that.
Make sure to apply to survivor's benefits for your sister.
Yuk. I guess you could call it legal abuse.
I would tell him it's her or you but not both, and if he chooses you, he cheerfully cuts contact with her. No grumpy wumpy acts, no pouting, no martyrdom or you're out and then she can take your place.
Am I the only one bothered that she used to hit her ex? She was abusive. I'm leaning more towards the Gray Rock technique than the confrontational one. Give her short answers of a grunt up to three words. If she makes a snarky comment, agree with it. "Your partner must be a cheap asshole." "Mm," "Uh huh," or "I guess" wihtth a shrug of the shoulders. She starts running on about it: put on headphones. If at any moment she gets in your face or threatens violence, call the police. Hopefully I'm exaggerating, but it sounds like she does need her narcissistic supply from somewhere, and she might get jealous of you.
There is something wrong in your relationship. Maybe there is a central issue you need to resolve. Maybe one or both of you is controlling. Maybe you don't understand communication. Maybe he is deliberately provoking you and then punishing you for getting provoked. Maybe there is a culture clash involving your respective views on gender roles. But something is deeply wrong and you are both in denial. Step One, you need to read up on healthy communication in couples and I-statements. When there is a conflict, some people try to win and others try to find a solution that works for both. Guess which approach works in a relationship. Step Two, find yourself a counselor who is culturally competent in both Anglo and Latinx culture. They can help you navigate cross cultural issues that may be causing trouble here. Sorry if this sounds political, but if your guy's background is working class, there may be a lot of trauma in his family's background related to poverty and the residuals of colonization. Edited to add: I see you're doing all that. His mother's statements are perfect examoles of intergenerational and also gendered trauma. She comes from an environment where leaving a person over something that is wrong but everybody else is doing it just lands you on the street. She is also probably stirring up a bit of shit because she likes seeing her son around. When women are regularly hurt by their men, the son takes the place. If you have been in counseling with him for over a year, he is not "getting better" or "trying," he is saying some things he learned but has no big reason to take his change seriously because he knows your door is always open. You are basically living his mother's life. You don't like it, but you are telling yourself it's about to get better. /Edit I can't tell you whether this relationship is a keeper, but I think you need to work out relatively whether anything can be changed because this is bad for you, but worse for your daughter. She is learning what normal is from this. Unless you want her to replicate this pattern in her life, you need to work out if there is any solution, if your partner is willing to participate in it (I suspect you may already know the answer), and if not, cut your losses and move on.
It sounds like a big thing you have in common with him is suicidal idealtion. It is wonderful that you were both there for each other at key times, but it doesn't sound like he is currently healthy enough to be in a relationship. Let him be and let him do the hard work of recovery. Have faith that both he can learn to put this crisis behind him just as you did yours.
Then you need to end the conversation as soon as it goes somewhere you don't want it to go. You are allowed to not answer a message. You are allowed to hang up the phone. You are allowed to leave the house. Don't even discuss anything with her. Tell her once, "I've told you how I feel and &lt;topic&gt; is not up for discussion." If she tells you that you are ungrateful, use the lovely conjunction "Nonetheless," as in, "Nonetheless, I'm not discussing this with you." Then change the subject, and if she keeps pressing, end the conversation. You train her that if she wants to see you, she does so on your terms. Just because someone invites you on a guilt trip doesn't mean you have to go. P.S. if she is determined to escalate as you indicate below, then check out the sub /r/raisedbynarcissists as well as /r/justnoMIL. (No, she's not your MIL, but the dynamic is there. These are your people. You *can* set and enforce boundaries. Don't expect her to like it. However, making unreasonable people happy is not your responsibility.
Honey, 90% or more of the drama is avoided by following the court order. Presumably DH spent big bucks getting that court order. Independent parties decided this was best for SD. You say yourself that it is not easy for a mom to lose custody, and yet she did. Therefore, she is neither a reasonable person nor a good mother. I get it, you're trying trying to be "fair." But what you have right now is fair to nobody because, Good Morning America! You are not dealing with a reasonable person. You know what fair is? The court order. The entire existence of judges and courts is to try to make society something a little closer to fair. *The court order is fair*. So, is it possible that you are actually trying to avoid conflict with BM? If so, that isn't working either, is it? She wants power. You have almost all the power here, and you're handing it to her. Why? Ok, Step One. DH steps up to the plate and deals with her. No phone calls. Discuss nothing over the phone. Text or email. Step Two. He does not JADE: Justify, Argue, Defend, or Explain. He tells her what is going to happen based on the court order. He cites it. Then if she follows up with a bunch of words, he ignores the words. Just because there are words does not mean he has to pay them any attention or dignify them with a reply. It will take a minute to reset her expectation. This involve patience and her accusing you of things. You knows what, so what if she accuses you if things? What matters is what the judge says. The judge issued the court order. *Follow the court order*. You need to step back, spend some time lurking here, and appreciate how lucky you are even to have a court order. Many, many people do not have this fortune of a good court order. So, make multiple copies of this thing, and give it to the school, have it on the fridge, have a copy in glove compartment of each car, and follow the damn thing. Edit:copy editing
You can call the National Domestic Violence Hotline at 800-799-7233, or if you are worried about him overhearing you, open an incognito tab, go to thehotline.org, and open a chat session. They will help you develop a safety plan for getting out. Make no mistake, you must not discuss leaving him. You need to simply leave. He has already stated that violence is ok in certain situations and that you can slap him if he were cheating. To his way of thinking, if he knows you are leaving, he will claim that you are leaving him for another man and use this as justification to kill you. By the way, this is not a reason to stay. It is a reason to get out as soon as possible without him knowing.
OP is already at elevated risk of death because strangulation damages the blood vessels going to the brain. For the next few months, it is more likely that a blood clot could form in one of them, which would give her a stroke. *This is true even if he never touches her again*.
Honestly, it sounds like not having a lease is saving your ass here. If you possibly can, get your shit out, pay the next month's rent only, give her the notice over text, and ghost &amp; block.
"Chill and go with the flow" and able to stand up for yourself and set boundaries do not have to be mutually exclusive. Your sheltered background is exactly what is keeping you from setting boundaries--you were prevented or forbidden from developing that skill, which is why sheltering and overcontrolling parenting is actually a cop out. It takes more work to guide your kid through developing independence. But I digress. It's a pet peeve because I grew up with the same situation, and have spent the rest of my adult life learning these skills. He wasn't doing any favors by teaching your sheltered self life skills; he deliberately picked you out because he knew he could get away with treating you like a bang maid. Go to the Captain Awkward advice blog and read the whole thing tip to toe. You will feel most empowered. With this guy, I don't see a great future here. My guess is that as soon as you try to set one teeny weeny little boundary, he will suppress that ruthlessly with some combination of wildly disproportionate anger, drama, guilt trips, insults, threats, or even huge empty promises (e.g. "I was going to propose but now I'm not" or "I was going to give you equal ownership of the house.") His goal will be to make sure you never attempt any moves towards independence again. Sadly, you are squandering your college years, which are the best years of your life for meeting people your own age and forming life long memories and friendships. You are actually replicating your sheltered background. How would it feel to call your time your own? To be able to structure your entire day for yourself? Maybe a little empty or scary at first? You are missing out on developing this essential skill. Why not start by telling him that you are taking a two week trip to see family without him. This can be real, or you can go to a motel or a friend's house. See how he reacts. Does he get angry? Does he accuse you of cheating? Does he lay a huge guilt trip on you, or threaten a consequence? Does he call or text at all hours of the day and night and punish you if your don't respond? Does he accuse you of cheating? Because none of that would be either normal or healthy. Spend two weeks just by yourself or with your friends. Maybe get yourself a job or look for another place to live. See how that feels. If it feels terrifying, thrilling, transgressive, that would be a sign that you're doing the right thing.
With manipulative people, you will never win at verbal sparring. Often it is better to do what you want and go your own way. They will fight like lions and tigers to convince you that you are wrong, irrational, immature, crazy, or whatever your worst fear is. The only solution is not to engage. "You might be right," "Maybe," "I'll keep it in mind," "I heard you," are all ways of deflecting further argument, as is the word "nonetheless," as in, "nonetheless, I feel like ____ " and then doing it. If necessary, turn off your phone or block it so that he can't blow it up and ruin whatever you were doing. He may also create some huge emergency. For instance, he may claim that he injured his knee and had to go to the emergency room and it was all your fault. P.S. doing a thing you want to do just because you want to do it is neither rude, mean, or disrespectful. People like him love to use "respect" as a synonym for "obedience." Hint: they are not the same thing.
&gt; the friend has turned my sister into a weed addict You are definitely painting a picture of some seriously lax parenting. In other news, if weed isn't legal in your state, your parents could be risking their house to civil forfeiture. Good times. You definitely want to get out from under that shitshow, like, now. Nevertheless, it is your sister who chose this girl as her friend and your sister who is choosing to do weed. That weed addiction is 100% on her. &gt; my mom wanted us girls to go pick up a check for her ... From now on, you are doing that kind of errand alone. You don't need your sister's help to drive somewhere and pick up a check. If your mom assigns an errand to your sister, then the sister does it 100% on her own. She can take public transportation. If the errand involves you driving her, then it is your errand, not hers, and you are doing it alone. Tell your mom that if sue assigns your sister an errand, it needs to be doable by just your sister without involving you; otherwise, you are doing it alone. &gt; 2 years ago my sister stole 2 cars ... DEAR LORD keep your keys secured at all times. I strongly advise you to get a safe. Not a lockbox, which can be easily stolen and pried open, but a safe big enough to hold your purse. You should be able to get a document sized safe for $75 or under. I got mine for $65, and it can be bolted to the floor from the inside. It can be opened with keys or a code. You should keep the keys, purse, and car keys in the safe at all times when you are at home. Also keep your cell phone in there when it is not on your person, as well as any loose cash, your checkbook, your laptop, and meds in this safe at all times. If she somehow does manage to take your car, call the police immediately before your parents pressure you not to. During to their interest in drugs, sister and this girl are quite liable to steal your cash, meds, and electronics. Get a lock on your door as well. &gt; I have taken her to places 3 times since I got my car and I got my car maybe a week ago. That's a lot. That number needs to go down to zero. Then there are no more problems with smoking, mooching, rudeness, or trashing your car. At 20, you are legally an adult, so your parents cannot force you to take your sister anywhere. In other news, even if pot is legal in your state, if you get stopped and the police smell pot, or find paraphenalia or drugs in the car or even on your sister or her stupid friend, it is like an open container situation. In my state, where pot is legal, they would charge you with possession of marijuana while driving even if you yourself are not impaired, and with driving in possession of marijuana for people under 21. Your car might well get towed, which would end up costing you several hundred dollars. Sister in car = hard no. Edited for typos.
It does not matter whether she likes you or not. Yes, it is stupid of her to act as she does, but you are if no less rank or importance than she. For that reason, don't bother to kill her with kindness. Some nasty people take that behavior as license to act even worse. They see kindness as weekness and a sign of subservience. It is up to the boyfriend to handle this. He needs to stop with the going off to one room thing. He needs to be proactive about not allowing you to be excluded or sidelined. You need to get his agreement to stand up for you. There may be some family dynamic in which the sister is somehow more important and he is lower ranking. In that case, the family might get all huffy if he tries to stand up for you and insist that you're jealous, possessive, toxic, "oversensitive," "a princess," or a "snowflake," i.e. all the things that the sister actually is. Most likely they will use the "that's just how she is," line, i.e. she somehow gets special dispensation to act like as big of an asshole as she wants. He needs to stand firm. If they band together against you, the two if you need to leave and not engage in subsequent guilt tripping. If he refuses to stand up for you and you are not enjoying yourself, have a Plan B ready. Just leave then and do your thing with people who appreciate you. On future occasions, the two of you may want to see his parents when she is not present. If she insists on coming around every time she gets wind that you are visiting the parents, then neither if you comes. The sister can make plans to hang with your bf, but only when it is convenient for him. She may not ever stay at your place because she does not respect you, full stop.
The generous interpretation: your sex drives are wildly incompatible and this relationship is headed nowhere. Free him to find someone who wants to have sex multiple times per day. The less charitable interpretation: he is using his alleged "needs" as an excuse to badger you so that you feel like you're not good enough for him, which appears to be succeeding. It is psychological sexual coercion. In either event, this partner is only exacerbating your preexisting sexual issues. He is reinforcing the idea that unwanted sex is the price of admission to a relationship. Is he sometimes nice and kind to you outside of the bedroom? Well he is not a nice or kind person, because a nice, kind person would not badger and guilt trip their partner into incessant, obligatory sex. They would work with you to find a way to get both of your needs met. This is how a relationship is supposed to work. In any event, the longer you stay with him, the more disconnected from your own sexuality you will become. You probably feel like a sex worker even now. I think you should leave him and forget about a sexual relationship at all for a long time. You should pursue building up a good, fun, strong friend group. If you want something snuggly to sleep with, get a puppy or kitten. If you want a relationship without all the sexual pressure, explore the ACE community.
Then you should. Why stay in a situation that makes you both miserable?
It's also why alimony, in addition to child support, is a completely reasonably thing, in spite of the narrative that "She took everything!" No, half isn't everything.
AHAHAHAHHAHA OMG you funny Says she who has bought *literally nothing* (Because work, but still)
Hey! That's my my idea of a good time!
&gt; He told me when we first met there was a connection and he felt this energy with me, ... You probably already know this, but he sounds like a hit-it-and-quit-it type who uses charisma to get into women's pants. If someone told you not to think about the color red, how do suppose that would work out? The solution is to occupy your brainspace, time, energy, and body with something else. Well, it's the holidays, so if you had plans, use socializing to start you off. If you don't have plans, try your level best to make some. If all else fails, go to the movies Christmas day. Exercise is of course a great way to release stress and aggression. The best exercise in your case would be something energetic that occupies your mind as well. Today and tomorrow, see if you can find a martial arts gym and see if they will let you attend a kickboxing class. If you live somewhere cold and snowy, a walk in the snow, preferably with yours it a neighbor's or friend's dog in tow, would be good. Even a set of push-ups would be a nice start. If you have any crafty impulses, look up how to make some cute Christmas themed craft or cards for that feeling of satisfaction. Make it a party of one! Clean the house, put on some corny Christmas music, or whatever floats your boat, make cocoa or spicy tea, and craft away. Is there a bookstore in your area? You could always go there, browse for awhile, and have a coffee with a new book in tow. I don't know about you, but I can distract myself pretty much indefinitely in a bookstore. After Tuesday, look up Meetups in your area and go to anything that is remotely interesting or even not terrible. Keep up with some exercise routine. It doesn't have to be much if exercise isn't your thing; it just has to be *something* that you can do every day. Even walking, taking a flight of stairs, or doing a circuit around the mall will do. Get a piece of paper or a journal and write down some things that you want to accomplish over the upcoming year. It can be one thing or several, as long as these are specific, doable goals, nothing too grandiose. Then make an outline with substeps for each project. In the end, you should wind up with a outline with subgoals and sub-subgoals which themselves are specific and doable. Examples of projects may include cleaning the backyard and eventually planting a garden, learning how to play or ramping up your skills on an instrument, or getting a career related certification. I leave you with three final tried-and-true distractions: - Go visit a dog park and hug some doggos. - Buy yourself a nice Christmas present that only you would know you want. - Volunteer to serve meals at a soup kitchen.
Well, to split hairs, she made a mistake in going back to him, but he is the one doing wrong. In other words, her mistake hurts herself. His mistake hurts others. I don't think OP is best served blaming herself, but instead taking care of herself by not dating someone who is just using her.
You do know that it is probably against the law for her to kick you out like that, right? You are a tenant by virtue of that being your full-time residence, regardless of whether you have a lease or pay rent. However it varies a lot by state, so check the landlord/tenant laws in your state. Of course you don't want to live with an abusive person, and your sister is no dreamboat either. However your mom is simply not allowed to kick you out into the snow and rain like that. She would have to give you notice in writing (usually 30 days), and if you still didn't leave, she would have to go to court and file to start an eviction process, which in some states can take from 1 - 3 months. If she called the police, they would be happy to explain this to her. If she did physically kick you out of the house, you could call the police. However, since it sounds like you already want to get out, low key start collecting your personal documents: passport, birth certificate, naturization papers if any, social security card, banking records, tax records, anything that shows who you are. Gather these things into a bag which you should stash in that safe I hope you have gotten yourself. Prepare a backpack or small suitcase with changes of underwear, phone chargers, toiletry essentials, your laptop when not in use, changes of clothes, and any small valuables. This is your bug out bag in case of a crisis situation. Sending you lots of love and a hug.
It may be extremely difficult for you to talk about this out loud with any adult such as your therapist or a police officer in person. You should print out your post and either read it to your therapist over the phone, send then an email, or hand them the print out.
It depends somewhat on how far away the parents are. If they are 10 hour drive away, it might not be worth it to subject the fiancée to a long trip just to have her potentially have a long and unpleasant experience. If the parents are 2 hours away, they could go with the agreement that both leave as soon as the fiancée requests.
Congratulations! You have unlocked the award in which someone tells you, "Wow, you're so organized!"
What your mom is doing is not love. She is not willing to support you academically. Punishment is not support. She is not willing to talk to you. She is not even willing to feed you. Are there any other relatives or friends in your life? Can you reach out to them? Is your father in the picture? Is there somewhere else you can stay for the holiday? You deserve parents who love and guide you. Your mother does no deserve you.
It's on them. They want to continue to treat you like some bratty and rather dim little child who would toddle off a cliff if they weren't there to heroically save you with their eternal vigilance. You don't like the role you have been cast in their self serving fantasy. They are unwilling to exchange their insulting and cartoonish view of you for a real relationship with the intelligent, thoughtful, hard working, ambitious young adult in their lives. It's sad for you, but by their choice, they are unwilling to adapt their relationship with you. Now that you have spoken your piece, you must acknowledge the sad reality that they are choosing to push you away. As perhaps many have told you, people have families of origin and families of choice. Your parents have shown their intention to treat you with disrespect, so they have forfeited the right to enjoy the real you. Now is the time for you to set out alone, emotionally. Your home is emotionally and spiritually barren for you. You need to set out on a quest to find your real people who live and value you. It will be hard at first, but no lonelier than you are currently. You will probably be happier actually once you stop looking for love and closeness where it really isn't. You claim you are close with your parents but your description of them and their behavior shows this not to be true. You only receive their approval to the extent that you behave like a compliant child. Since they cling to their authoritarianism, they are uninterested in having anything to do with your adult self. You need to let the wound of their rejection of your highest, truest self heal. Therefore stop seeking closeness. Do not bring up this conversation again. Keep them on an information diet. From now on, they only know what they need to know. Get yourself financially independent. Only people who really love you get all of your attention and love. If they feel lonely, well, you tried to tell them, but they don't care enough to hear you or change, do they?
It sounds like you dodged a bullet. A partner who moves way too fast may be controlling. That he is being pissy and pouty, especially at his age, about your limit setting confirms this. The "let's be friends" thing after a breakup can work, but in practice only rarely. Leave him be. Give him his space and don't pick on him for being distant.
Hijacking to urge OP to tell her parents. If he can't face that, he can ask his parents to tell hers and claim they overheard it.
I know I'm late to this party, but I urge you not to feel guilty. He wanted to do this for you. It was his choice. What would have ruined the holiday for him would have been imagining you trying to avoid your father's blows. What a sweet guy! (Your bf, that is). P.S. You deserve love like this guy is showing. You do not deserve parents like the ones you have. In other news, block their calls, texts, and social media, relax, and have a beautiful holiday bringing new, positive energy into your life.
&gt; I feel terribly responsible for him. I can understand why your heart is breaking for him, but as the others are saying, I would urge you to question your sense of obligation to fix him. He is no less capable of making choices than you are. Every time he puts the bottle to his lips, he is making a choice. Every time he refuses to go to rehab or fails out of it, he is making a choice. Every time he takes out a loan, he is making a choice. Most importantly, everytime he abuses you verbally or threatens you, he is making a choice. The times he acts pleasant are also a choice. However, if he were nice and intelligent, he would be trying his best to recover and he would realize how much he is hurting his family. At the moment, he is not working towards anything, is he? No one but he can do anything about his recovery. You cannot make him understand or be interested in becoming the person you imagine he could be. He doesn't care. He doesn't think that whatever you want for him is worth the effort. *He is comfortable the way he is*. Perhaps you think I, and all the other people who have been telling you the same thing, are cold and cruel. We don't know him like you do. That's true. I don't know him from a can of paint. But I have known plenty of addicts. People who are active addicts are all tediously similar. He is not safe for you. You need to get out of the house, not in a year or two, but now. If you love your parents, see them but not with him until he has not touched one single mind altering substance for at least several months and is ready to apologize fully and sincerely, without excuses, for the wrongs he has done you. Do not accept superficial, appeasing gestures that are a pretense of interest in recovery. Accept nothing short of the real thing. I urge you to do some serious reading up on codependency and enabling, and to attend Al-Anon and see a therapist with experience in helping families who have an addict imn their midst so that you can learn how to detach from rescuing this person from themselves again and again. I also urge you to start searching for a new place to live as soon as the holidays are over.
Only if they bite.
If you have to ask, you're one of t.h.e.m.
I guess Santa didn't bring him his meds.
What, you don't have any bedbug friends?
So, has anybody called CPS yet?
When somebody really cares for you, they make the effort to see you.
&gt; I am happy about it for my mom who isn't in a toxic relationship anymore. You have see this with your own two eyes, or have been told this by your mother? If this is something that you personally witnessed, then that would be a great reason to avoid your father. If this is something that you didn't witness, but was told about by your mother, it may be true, or it may be her manipulating you.
Since you live with him, you need to arrange a different place to live. Until you do so, you won't be able to break up. Where you live can even be a friend's couch. It doesn't matter. A lease means that there are two people responsible for the rent. It doesn't mean that both have to pay. If he can afford the rent by himself, you can leave. If you find it necessary to pay a portion of the rent, then pay it directly without involving him. If the utilities are in your name, cancel them by a certain date. There is a lot of variation in what the advice would be depending on how long is left on the lease, but in short, you get creative about arranging a new place. Then leave all at once while he is out. Once you are out, then break up, tell him not to contact you again, and block his calls and texts and block him on all social media.
&gt; I said no because if somebody is always going to bail him out it will just enable this piss poor decision making. You already know the best thing to do. &gt; going to jail will hinder his already minimal job prospects and he has a kid on the way. Going to jail will get him fired from his current job, if he has one, but on the other hand, it will stop him from driving, which will keep him from crashing some other vehicle and possibly injuring or killing someone. Whatever he is doing to crash so many vehicles, whether being inpulsive or driving imoaired, he shouldn't be on the road. Ultimately, it is not the jail time per see that will tank his chances at decent employment, it is whatever misdemeanor or felony landed him there. Since he is determined to fuck up his life anyway, you can't fix this by throwing more money at it than you already have. If all the other chances didn't work, why should this one? Invest your money in something less pointless than your brother and tell your mother that you are not giving any more money to his cause, not now, not ever, and that she is never to call you asking for money for him--or for her if she screws up her own financial situation enabling him--again. Even suffering the consequences, he may never learn. There is nothing you can do about that either way.
Just to elaborate, this is a specific technique--look it up.
Mnuchin 1/4 by noon EST.
It doesn't matter. He is getting his last licks in because really, he has no power here. If the co-workers really think he is Mr. Wonderful and none of them are your friends, who gives a rat's ass what they think. You're not seeing any of them again in your life, are you? Leave them behind. I'm sure one or more of them knows what the real situation was. If so, did that person lift a finger to back you up? No? Good, they can enjoy waiting to see if they will be the boss's next target in your absence. Jobs can feel like family. Bosses can feel like parents. However, they're not. It's a purely business environment, one in which (on the U.S., at least) workers have few rights. I'm glad you got out. Ditch these people and forget about them. I am guessing that they are either lying to themselves or quaking in terror if being his next target. They care more about themselves than you. Whether he told them or you did, they basically registered "ReasonableLettuce8 is leaving, huh," and that's pretty much it. I sincerely hope that your next work situation is reasonable and just. Just do your best to leave this one behind. P.S. having a superior send out an email like this is actually fairly standard. The company wants to control the narrative. Sending your own farewell email is nice but far from the norm. Also, in some companies, it is also standard to have a person leave immediately once they have resigned. In some companies, it is standard policy to frog march the person out then and there with their box of personal effects and security in tow, regardless of the circumstances of their departure. If you have anybody you talk to there, they already know what's going on, and trust me the rumor mill is in full swing. Fill any confidantes in on the real scoop and the word will get out. If you have no confidantes there, then who cares what they think. They mean nothing to your life. P.S. if you can possibly afford it, I suggest that you leave early. Call in sick or call HR, use up your vacation, and stop coming in. He will probably try to pull some last tricks and you sound flooded. At will employment means that legally, you can stop working whenever you want, and if he tries to play games with your wages, you can enjoy the pleasure of raining the hellfire of your state's labor board upon his pretty little head. Also, you should get some further support by reading up on psychologically abusive relationships, because it's pretty clear that you are a victim of serious psychological abuse. All the advice that applies to victims of domestic abuse applies to you no less.
In a workplace, bullies back down at a show of strength or setting of limits. That is different from a show if force. In the U.S. at least, if someone outranks you, they have all the power. A show of force will end badly. If someone is a shit boss, the only real remedy is to leave them behind.
Spend some time on /r/raisedbynarcissists, /r/justnoMIL, /r/justnofamily, and the website Out of the FOG. Show these sites to your girlfriend. She sounds like the scapegoat in a narcissistic family system. Narcs (not a formal diagnosis as much as a general trend; I am not a mental health professional) are well known to use cancer diagnoses, real or fake, to manipulate people. I second the suggestion that your girlfriend needs to see a therapist. She needs to learn to set limits, cancer or no cancer, because the whole family is set up to put her in the position of scapegoat/slavebrat if she lets them. She is deep in the FOG right now.
You're right, it is clear that it has fucked with her head deeply. I really think that she is displacing much of her feelings onto this one incident. From another comment, it sounds like he is already known in the industry to be a manipulative, sociopathic creep.
Your attitude is very inspiring. And, once you are out of the house, you can start actually making friends!
Since you don't care about being married except for the legal ramifications, and if you truly love each other and trust that the other is down for a lifetime commitment, then this sounds solvable to me. You hire a lawyer and recreate all of the structure ls that would be provided for by marriage. This would include wills, living wills, medical wishes, and care plans in case one or the other of you is rendered incapacitated. Make sure to consider any investments and other accounts. Then make a legal contract concerning the (currently theoretical) house detailing what would happen if either one of you, or both, wanted out. If you were married and divorcing, that would usually involve having one of you buying the other out, and if that weren't possible, you would sell the house and split the profits. Make sure the contract would hold up in a civil court and that you have considered all of the eventualities. Once you have done that, you should be good to go. If you're not having kids, the whole thing becomes simpler, married or not. I wonder if he would be more comfortable about getting married if you got your tubes tied and he got a vasectomy.
Take any opportunity you can to spoil him a little. The best ways to spoil any child of any age, from newborn to adult, are attention. Are there any activities you can share with him that are fun or at least tolerable for you? Can you take him to a movie or watch a show with him? I bonded a bit with my adolescent son by watching tons of skateboard and bmx competitions. I would play a simple video game with him, and since I am bad a video games, we would laugh at how bad I was. If he likes sports at all, shoot some baskets with him, kick a soccer ball around, or learn how to pass a football properly. You don't have to be a skinny, coordinated teenaged boy--I am none of those things--but he already has friends who are good at video games and sports or whatever. You are giving him the gift of your attention, and he will really value that. Even when your cutie is just a newborn potato and you are stuck around the house feeding him or her all the time, you can listen to your stepson rabbit on about whatever pop culture phenomenon is his thing. That stuff can be hard to listen to when you are not in his generation and obsessing about the details of whatever day and night. So listen hard, educate yourself, and try to suspend judgment. I say the latter, because adolescent males can get interested in some things that seem kind of awful. However, their interests are often ironic--they face a tough world where they are under unrelenting competition from their peer group, and they know that the scary adult world is looking ahead on the not-so-distant horizon. That's why they love simulated combat, sports that involve blood, horror movies, loud dumb music, and above all, competing 24/7. So yes, you can have limits, but cut him some slack. Listen to him without judgment and participate in at least one of his interests. He will really, really, really, really appreciate that.
Remember that toxic relationships always leave you feeling depleted, so that when you first leave, you feel so empty, like you are nothing but a giant hole in the form of your ex. That's why people keep going back. You have to fill that hole with anything and everything wholesome: good people, activities, new experiences, learning new things, trips, hobbies, but a minimum of food, drugs, or alcohol. Move if you can possibly swing it. Don't think you have to white knuckle it alone. Get all the support you can and seek out the company of other decent people, even relative strangers if necessary. Get counseling so that you can dump your awkward feeeeeeelings on them. If you have any friends or family to whom you can hand your phone and laptop and trust to screen your calls, texts, and social media posts, so much the better. Speaking of which, NO CONTACT is your friend. Above all, keep reminding yourself that it will get better if you can just get over that first week, that first couple of weeks, that first six weeks. It will get better, I promise.
Then Step One is to call the cops. I know you are worrying about a lot of things here, but you need to focus on one thing at a time. So call the police, explain as clearly and concisely why you are worried about her as a suicide risk, and tell them a couple of places where she might be. For instance, give them the names, addresses, and phone numbers of any family or friends of hers. Next, let the cops do their job, and focus on your child. Figure out with your folks how you can juggle work, school, and child care in case she really can't or won't be able to help take care of the child at all. Third, go to the courthouse and file for custody of the child. This starts a paper trail so that for the rest of this kid's years until he is 18, he will have an orderly means of support and contact with his parents. A custody order can be modified at any time. Hopefully she will reemerge and begin to get her mental health back in order. If so, you could modify tthe order to share custody. That way, the child has a predictable schedule, which is much better for him. Or, if she does reemerge but doesn't want custody, then yes, she can be ordered to pay child support. So these are your three priorities. Call the police to look for her. Figure out the logistics of caring for this child. File for custody. As far as your relationship with her, that is up to you, but everybody's health, safety, and stability have to be ensured first. You don't have to be together in order to be good, responsible, loving co-parents. So don't do anything about your relationship with her until she is found, which I sincerely hope happens, and she gets treatment for her mental health. P.S. I am not a lawyer.
OP should bear in mind that it is very common for people with dementia to be either inappropriately trusting, or become paranoid that people are stealing from them. This is an effect of feeling disoriented much of the time.
Also, check your credit and then freeze it.
Hey, I'm sorry you are going through this. I'm guessing that your wife is holding out some Tony hope that her mother will one day stop using and turn into the mother that your wife deserved all this time. Please make sure that your remind your wife of this--that she deserved the best mom in the world, instead got Mama Crack, and she doesn't deserve it, nor does it reflect on her, anything she did, anything she didn't do, or any inherent quality of hers. If your SO is not in therapy, then she should probably get in touch with someone with expertise in helping people with severely addicted loved ones detach. At this point, with such a long and deep history of addiction, your SO's mom's mind has been deeply and perhaps permanently affected by the drug use. Think of it as akin to the idea of demonic possession. There is a familiar person who puts on clothes and speaks in a ln understandable language, but it is the drugs wearing a Mom mask talking and doing all these awful things. By denying this person money, you are denying the drugs, not Mom. But this is very, very hard to accept for someone who has been raised in codependency by the drug user. So your SO needs help, and support from a community such as Al-Anon. People on this thread have been giving the excellent advice that you and wife explain the situation to your family so that they do not enable her to use or let her pass messages. However, should bear in mind that you cannot control the well meaning friend / relative's behavior any more than you can control your MIL's. If the friend or relative responds with a guilt trip, or ends up giving Mom drug money, then that's their sad, dumb choice and they will have to live with the consequences. Remember that if your MIL suffers an overdose because of this, it was ultimately her choice and no one's fault but hers. If this Hlepy McHleperson bothers you about having compassion for poor, sainted, suffering Mother, you may have to send them some links explaining what enabling is and blocking this person's calls, texts, and social media as well. Edited to add: wait, your getting married? Holy shit no, do not invite an active addict to the wedding. Tell her straight that her addictions make her attendence impossible, and when she argues back, cut off the discussion and block her. Then hire security and do not let her in. If you invite her, then you are actively hurting not just yourselves, but all of the nice, loving, functional people who were nice enough to show up to support and celebrate your union. Even if you don't mind having your wedding gifts and money stolem to buy your MIL drugs, they did not sign up for that, nor do they deserve to have their pockets and purses raided. Think of your guests. Have your SO check out the website Out of the FOG.
Going NC with an active drug user who retaliates in such a cruel manner may not be such a bad idea. Better to block the few numbers, or let all unknown callers go automatic to voice mail, than to turn their phones off completely and miss all calls from everybody.
Yeah, and you can get signs from a burglar alarm company and put those up as well.
Maybe you could get a couple of sessions of marriage counseling with DH so that you could set put ground rules with him. Put them in writing. Make sure it's with someone who has experience in recognizing abusive and manipulative behavior. Make sure to anticipate the various shenanigans she is likely to pull, such as calling him more and more for help with this and that, and love bombing until he decides she's changed into the mother he always hoped she would be in order to wheedle her way back into your lives. He would also benefit from reading through the website Out of the FOG.
I sincerely hope that good people find you and support you.
I'm coming to this late, sorry. I got a master's in a liberal arts field, then my kid was born. This gave me the good fortune to watch multiple close friends go through the process of getting a Ph.D. Step One. Read the article in The Atlantic entitled, "Graduate School Can Have Terrible Effects on People's Mental Health." This is consistent with my observed experience. Fortunately, being, or trying to be, a professor is worse. (Find the sarcasm in this sentence). Academia is a highly toxic profession. Between trying to find a job, surviving as an adjunct, and landing a tenure track job, if you're one of the lucky ones who actually land one, to hanging on long enough to get tenure, you will lose a good decade or more barely able to survive either financially or emotionally. Imagine not sleeping 8 hours a night for the next 12 years. Imagine the most horrific workplace bullying with no repercussions. Now imagine finding a profession where you can utilize your writing talents and then go home at night and live your life, and stay the fuck away from academia. It is a cesspool. It is unfortunate that financial pressure has been used as a means of suppressing actual thought under a crushing hazing ritual, but that's what we have. Don't do this to yourself. Academic life should be as you imagine it, but it is a horrible caricature of that.
This woman is clearly using gifts, from the sofa to this house she had wanted to buy, as a way to break you two up. I'm sorry she made you cry, so I hope you can use this as an opportunity to put her in the category of people whose opinions are of no consequence to you. It is clear from the post you made over a year ago, I'm guessing it was about the same woman, in which she said a bunch of stupidities against your parents, insulting your weight, and trying to force her religion on your hypothetical babies. It is clear that she is a narrow minded bigot, and as such, her opinion is not worth considering for one more second. You cannot agree with a bigot because that would make you pretty weird as well, right? Furthermore, she is a hypocrite, because how religious can she be if she is a bigot. Furthermore, she is so obsessed with controlling her son that she has become stupid. I don't care if she graduated med school. Everybody knows you can't just kick a leaseholder out of their apartment, even if she were the landlord, which she is not. The rest is up to your boyfriend. I think you should cut her out if your life and never speak to her again, and your boyfriend should cheerfully go along with this. If he wants to maintain contact, fine, that's his business. But the second they start trash talking you, the very instant, he should end the conversation, and then hang up or leave. After that, it will be up to them to decide whether their priorities are: their ignorance, or their son.
It sounds as if your husband is always taking the easy way out. When he's with you, he agrees with you, makes promises, and goes dutifully to counseling. When he is with Snatchy, he does the same, just lets her do as she wishes and makes no argument. It worries me that he is not going to counseling in good faith. From what you are saying, it sounds like he is there in body only. He is not particularly interested in actually doing the work. I worry that, since you are a SAHM, he thinks he will suffer no consequences for ignoring your wishes and well-being. He says yes to you to shut you up, but he figures that since you are dependent on him, nothing bad will ever happen. I worry that since your parents have massive issues, you have no support. Are there any other relatives and friends who would seriously back you up if need be? Say Snatchy was insisting on doing something really harmful to DD, and DH was letting her, what alternatives would you have to keep her away? I worry that you have another child being born into this situation, in which you will be physically and emotionally vulnerable once more (isn't lack of support a big risk factor for PPD?), and the clock will be reset so that it will be another six years before your kids will be off to school and you can go back to work, support yourself, and not be financially dependent on someone who is not really in your corner. I apologise if I sound very negative. Please believe that I have been following your saga faithfully. Anyone who is getting snotty about "shiny spines" needs to be reported to the mods. How nice that life is so easy for them. I don't see them inviting you to stay with them for a while to catch a break. I sincerely hope that one of your siblings could help you out logistically or at least morally if it came to that. Even though you have some social anxiety (and given your circumstances, who could blame you?). I hope that despite this, you can find a way to make some friends at least among other young mothers. You need some awesome people in your life.
They shouldn't pay for anything. You should have the wedding that you can pay for. All discussions about the wedding are between you and your fiancé, period. He is not to run anything by any of them besides the date and time. They can attend it or not.
She would not be the first MIL to use the language barrier to purposefully exclude a DIL. Check out the current front page. I say this as someone who is fluent in Spanish. You should keep studying it, yes, and probably you should take a class or two. But if this woman turns out to be cold to you for no good reason, then it is not your fault, so don't take it as your personal quest to clean the soles of her feet with your tears giving in to her power plays. Her loss. Also, she does not inherently deserve to be in the room when you give birth. You do not owe anyone on this planet a view of your undercarriage. You don't even owe your mother or husband. You do what you need to do, and make sure that the hospital knows of your wishes in no uncertain terms. Nobody needs to even see you and baby in the hospital or even your home, not until you are good and ready.
What happens if she starts putting poison in DH's ear about you? What happens if she says awful things to the children, or does things with or to them that show poor judgment, are dangerous, or are against the rules? What happens if she starts insulting or disrespecting you, or does any of that other prior "really bad" behavior? Do you have any leverage to ask that she leave and get a hotel or AirBnB, or are the rules that you must cheerfully put up with whatever no matter how bad it gets because Cancer? What happens if she asks to stay longer than that week? What happens if she stays long enough to establish residency, so that you can't get her to leave without a formal eviction procedure? Would your husband be open to agreeing to a set of conditions under which she stays for just that week, along with consequences if she does not abide by these conditions? Do you think you are allowed to ask for any concession or consideration at all, or would any request on your part cause long last damage to your relationship with DH?
Seconding this. OP, please, please, please get a custody agreement hammered out. The two of you can get anything hammered out you need to, but make sure you are getting the child support you need. Custody agreements can be changed, but they impose order over what will soon become chaos as your XMIL gets all up into his head.
Fun fact: aspartame will exacerbate bladder urgency even worse than caffeine.
Just because there are two sides to every conflict does not mean that both sides are of equal validity. Example: Person 1 to Person 2: Give me all of your money. I want to buy a jetski. Person 2: No. It's my money, I earned it, and I need it to pay rent. Right, Person 3? Person 3: People should always compromise. Can't you two meet in the middle? Person 2, can't you just give Person 1 half of your money? He'll let you keep half, isn't that so nice and flexible of him? Makes tons of sense, right?
In a healthy marriage or partnership, there shouldn't be secrets between partners. Well to be realistic I guess there are always private zones between people's two ears, but it sure sounds from out here as if she wants to dump Her Point of View on Things on you, and in your place I wouldn't want to be triangulated like that either. If she had instead said, "Let's grab a coffee / look at baby things / catch a movie / have a spa day / &lt;some other bonding activity&gt;," it wouldn't sound so disturbing. This invitation sounds like she wants to get up into your head with something negative. The only solid reason to pull something like this would be if she had verifiable knowledge of something like an affair or a criminal history. If that were the case, she could have told you much earlier, such as, you know, when you were getting married. You could tell her that you are very busy preparing for baby. She is welcome to message you, but you will not keep any secrets from your husband apart from, say, birthday surprises.
Yep, and I heard that police dogs have the same ranks as officers, and that they outrank their handlers to prevent a bad handler from being cruel to their dog lest they be charged with assaulting a superior officer. I'm sorry that your egg donor is such an awful person, but I'm glad that she went head and lost all the marbles so tidily in the safest possible context. I certainly hope this means the end of your travails with her and the dawn of a new, JN free era of love and sanity.
I think the rule is to encourage people to consider the individual nuances of each situation. In this case, OP has endured what sounds like several years of various kinds of abuse, especially verbal and financial. She needs to get out of this situation, but she will need some time to build herself up psychologically and economically. She may have little to no outside resources, because this is how people commonly end up in horrible, exploitative situations like this.
That sounds like a great plan for both of you. Really, how dare she dictate whether he can see his own father or not? If she refuses to let you as a family come if you don't bring DD, then call her bluff. But DH should maintain his own lines of communication with the rest of the family so that she can't cut him off from everybody. If your new one turns out a boy, set a boundary--if she shows favoritism, she doesn't get to see either one. I know two sisters whose JNGM played favorites when they were young (too young to remember at this point), and their parents had a time getting the designated GC back in line. You can believe that lady had almost no contact with the girls going forward. It is such a horrible thing to do. In way, you are lucky that you know ahead of time that she is planning to do this so you can stop it before it starts.
Not to mention, "beyond a reasonable doubt" =/= "having absolute 100.00000000000% certainty."
Also, they need to freeze their children's credit.
Great! Then cousin and Aunt can take her in.
Is she sad, or is she angry that you have control and she doesn't? Ponder that one. In other news, whatever her emotions are, they are not your problem. DD's are since she is your growing child, though she will have to learn to take ownership of her own emotions over time lest she become like Snatchy or Thorn.
She is marking her territory. Part of her territory if his time. You are not allowed to have time alone together. Hence all the command performances, and now this. Nothing about this has changed in the five years that you have been with him. What if you went five more years like this? How would that feel to your five-years-older self?
Go to the website called Out of the FOG and see if that doesn't describe your mother's behavior. Work with the closest family member who acts relatively sane. Your DH should explain the situation and get a guest list from that person. He should stop communicating with her about the wedding at all as she is worse than useless. As others have said, the next time she threatens suicide, he needs to call 911 immediately. DH needs to handle all communication with her from now on. He needs to tell her that if she does choose to attend after all, she needs to behave herself and say nothing unless she has something nice to say. She is not to wear either black, white, or anything inappropriate that is designed to call all attention to herself. She is not to make a scene of any kind and if she does, she will be escorted off the premises. Really, I think she should be uninvited. If she doesn't support your marriage, she shouldn't be there. However, even if she swears up and down that she isn't coming, I can guarantee that she is going to make a scene of some sort. Therefore, you absolutely need to hire security, consisting of people who are willing and able to physically remove her.
You may not get a response from your sister anytime soon. If your mom is organizing it, she is probably all up in your sister's head about this. Just send the gifts from the registry to hers along with a card. You can't do anything else about it. Let nature take its course. Your sister has to figure out for herself what kind of a person your mom is. If she reaches out, you'll be there; if not, that's her choice. There is no point in lamenting it. The only other thing you can do is maintain connections with that branch if the family as well as you can. You mother does not have to be the gatekeeper.
It's a trap. The dog thing was to pull you in. Let's start with the ex. Anyone who would regularly "push my buttons until I had panic attacks and I constantly felt like shit" isn't borderline abusive, she's abusive. What you described here is straight up textbook emotional abuse. I know that is hard to admit to yourself. There is a lot of stigma surrounding abuse. People don't realize how easy it is to slip into that pattern. The human mind is easy to hack once you know the key, and abusers have picked up on this: create the bond, reinforce it with guilt trips, erode the target's self esteem and sense of self, create a string of endless crises and then provide just enough relief and hope that they keep hanging on. Anybody can end up in an abusive relationship, but victims of childhood abuse are especially vulnerable because they were already carefully trained to have their boundaries and sense of self stomped on. That is exactly what happened to you. Your father and mother trained you to accept abuse. When you ended up in an emotionally abusive relationship, it was hard for you to see it as abusive because she wasn't as bad as your father. Perhaps you had been told the bullshit about "sticks and stones may break my bones but words will never hurt me." As a matter of fact, the brain processes physical and verbal abuse identically. As a matter of fact, all abusive relationships are emotionally abusive; only some are physically abusive. The main difference is that scars can be seen, whereas scars on the psyche are invisible. The sufferer feels that no one will regard their emotional abuse as abuse, so they downplay it or don't share it because it isn't "real." Now on to your specifics: if you had a child who revealed that a friend or partner abused them, can you possibly imagine doing anything besides hugging that child, be they young or grown up, and helping them get away from their abuser by any means necessary? In contrast, your mother, who even if she only enabled your father was as guilty as he, embraces your abuser even if it drives you away. Then when she sees that you are serious about no longer tolerating this woman's mistreatment, tries to reel you back in with that pathetic legalistic verbal parsing, making you look like the irrational one, inviting you to join her in the game of "Maybe if I say it Just Right, Mom Will Understand my Pain." It is a trap. You have two responses. 1.) Nothing. Block her calls, texts, and block her on all social media. 2.) Send the message, "please do not contact me again by any means," and then block her calls, texts, and block her on all social media. Then DO NOT respond to any further attempts at contact that may slip through.
First of all, by setting boundaries, you would not be creating a rift in the family. SMIL is creating this rift along with FIL, who is actively choosing her even though it cost him his marriage and two of his other children. Now, imagine this. Imagine a young woman at her job. Her boss routinely makes sexual innuendos and enjoys watching her writhe with embarrassment. He claims that she likes it because she never speaks up directly. However, obviously she feels she can't say anything, because her job is at stake. Can we all agree that this constitutes a kind of sexual assault? Sexual assault means any kind of nonconsensual contact. Therefore, a person who takes upskirt photos on the metro, or who constantly talks about roofying people at parties and then says can't you take a joke, or who brings up their kinky threesomes at family holidays so they can mock Grandma's shocked face, are all committing a kind of assault. It's about consent. This woman is putting herself as the gateway to FIL. By enabling her, FIL is acting like her meatshield so that she can keep at this subject that she knows you don't want to hear. She is a *missing stair* (Google that) and he is her enabler. Your DH should tell his father about these messages and her express intent to get pregnant without his consent. He should state that he is uncomfortable with being in her presence ever again. From now on, if FIL ever wants to see his remaining son ever again, he must do so alone, without her. DH wants no further contact of any kind with this woman. If FIL refuses this, then that is a choice *he* is making. He can't hide behind her as an excuse. If he tries to say, oh, she is my wife, she won't allow that, well, he could always leave her same as he left his first wife. See how that works? And if he does agree to meet with you two but secretly brings her--Surprise! Then you turn around and walk away. Also, DH should send her emails to a special folder, and block her calls and texts. If DH refuses to take these measures, then even if he accepts this woman into his life, you don't have to. I don't see why you would accept ever being in this woman's presence ever again. Should you put up with her insulting you for DH's sake or FIL's sake? What good does it do them if she calls you fat? Does it mean nothing to either one of them that she insults you? You will have to decide whether you are okay with DH choosing to be around someone who is effectively hitting on him. At this point, DH would be choosing contact with her. Maybe you would be okay with DH seeing FIL without you. Maybe not. That's for you to decide. But remember, this is not a hostage situation. Everybody is making their choices. (Edit: spelling)
I'm sorry to hear about what a scary situation you are in. I think that you should not confront your MIL directly. That makes for nice justice porn for people here to read about, but unfortunately you have to keep yourself and your LO safe. I am kind of worried that she might do something to LO to "prove" her point. Hopefully I am dead wrong about that. But since right now, your MIL holds all the power over you, you have to convince her that she has you under her thumb. So as another poster said, look up the Grey Rock technique. You can act concerned when she says some alarmist thing about LO. "Today he babbled some things that were completely incoherent! He has a speech delay! Also he gummed a toy car instead of driving it!" You (gently serious look on your face): thank you for letting me know. I'll keep that in mind." That doesn't mean that you let her do whatevs. When she starts verbally haranguing you, summarize what she just said and then physically leave. "Ok, I hear that you are concerned that LO had heard DH and I argue. I will keep that in mind." Then physically leave the conversation. There is no earthly reason why you need to spend 10 minutes being yelled at, much less an hour. Just, No. Ask DH to do the same when she calls him to talk about how awful you are. No husband needs to hear that about his wife. He can listen to about one sentence and then say, "I will keep that in mind, but I have to go now," and then hang up. He is a driver. He has to keep his focus on the road and not getting pulled over by cops. I think you need to get a burner phone and use that for any real communications. Use your current phone a couple of times a day to phone your ILs or husband and nothing else. That will keep them from spying on your phone. Definitely use the burner phone to communicate with your friend. All of this is not how you should live your life. This is what you do to survive until you can get LO in daycare, which you need to do ASAP, get a proper full time job, pay off the new RV, maybe move to a different park, and in short, completely disentangle your life from hers. Now I don't want to be a scaremonger, but I think you should make an emergency plan for caring for yourself and LO in case things get really bad. Is there anyone who could take you in? Does your friend live in a different town where you could get daycare and a full time job to support yourself? Lastly, you need to keep MIL on a major information diet. And, sorry, until your DH proves himself fully trustworthy, you need to to keep information from him if it means keeping yourself and your baby safe. From now on, do not accept any favors from them you don't absolutely have to (i.e. daycare). Assume that anything they give you will be weaponized as a control tool. Also, don't bother buying them groceries. You need to be saving every penny and no matter how much you appease them, they will not change their attitude towards you one bit. They are who they are and they like being as they are. They think that you are the one who is all wrong and they are not going to change that viewpoint. (Edit: removed dangling participle)
.You should probably update your OP with this information. Look up the tenancy laws in your state. If certain conditions are met, you can be considered a tenant whether or not you pay rent and whether or not there is a rental contract. That means she won't be able to just throw you out. She would have go through a formal legal eviction procedure, which can take several months depending on how tenant friendly your state is. So, once you are pretty confident that you are legally a tenant (consult any free legal rights organizations in your area), you don't have to appease her so much. You could, for instance, sleep with your husband in bed with him. If she tries to throw you out by, say, cutting off electricity, throwing your possessions out, or threatening violence, call the police and they will be happy to explain the situation to her. States like New Jersey and California are extremely tenant friendly. Beware of you are so where like Louisiana, where there are barely any tenants rights at all. If you depend on her for food, ignore this advice, because she is at no point under a legal obligation to feed you. Also, if your MIL is really radically different from how she has ever been before, consider the possibility that maybe *she* is having drug problems or a medical crisis. In any event, look into any and all public assistance in your area--Head Start so you can look for work, food stamps, any housing programs, emergency housing even if it is only for you and your child. Look into any emergency housing situations in case MIL becomes truly scary. Is there any chance that your friend can put you and LO up? Do either of you have any other family or friends? If it gets really bad, remember that this woman is committing domestic abuse. Domestic abuse doesn't have to mean a man beating up a woman. There are many kinds of domestic abuse--verbal, psychological, financial, etc. Since you live with MIL, she would be your domestic abuser. You can always call the hotline.org for help.
People say not to close cards and in general this is sound advice, but in this case, the credit card is a yawning portal of indebtedness over which you currently have no control. I have dealt with people like your mom before. This kind of person is a financial parasite. They do anything and everything to the people around them to obtain money or credit. They will lie, guilt trip, and beat you over the head unceasingly with their Logick^tm as to why giving them money, loans, or credit is such a great deal. When you try to cut them off, they will escalate the drama, claiming that something horrible will happen to them and/or you for refusing them. As a huge pushover (now in recovery), I have had my parasites tell me that they will starve, that their dog will starve, that their child will get kicked out of school, that the Mafia was coming after them, that they faced jail time for reasons that are Totally Unfair and Not Even Slightly Their Fault, that they faced homelessness, etc. Once I started saying no, they faced their consequences and I was able to rebuild my credit relatively quickly--it's amazing what a year or two of paying your bills on time will do. So please, close the account today if possible, or first thing Monday morning at latest, or mark my words from somebody who has been there, your mother will make a million promises and *never come through*. She may make a gesture or two just keep you on the hook, but she will ***never ever pay this off***. Please, close your ears to her lies. She is like an addict after her drug and her drug is debt. Yes, people can get addicted to debt! For further information, look up Debtor's Anonymous. Do not be her enabler. You have zero control over her behavior. Your ties as mother and child mean nothing to her. You are young and you have plenty of time to recover. Go to the [debt](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/debt?utm_source=reddit&amp;utm_medium=usertext&amp;utm_name=personalfinance&amp;utm_content=t5_2qstm) section of the /r/personalfinance wiki for further advice.
Your mother strikes me as overly controlling and enmeshed. Look those terms up. It is fantastic news that you say that you do not depend on her for financial support. If you did, the advice would be to weigh what freedoms you are giving up in exchange for your tuition being paid. In this case, I think you should separate your financial life from her completely. If she has access to your bank account, make another one at a different bank, don't tell her about it, and deposit your student loan checks, salary, and any work study in that. If she insists on monitoring you via your phone, get a burner phone for most of your needs. Use your current phone only enough for her not to suspect that you have a second phone. From your last post: &gt; I didn't tell my mom about this until I was about 15, and only because she insisted on counseling me (she does have a counseling background... This really, really creeped me out. Trust me when I say that it is extremely invasive and inappropriate. If reported, she could lose her license over it. Therefore you need to put her on a major information diet. When you speak to her, everything is going well. Maybe tell her about one or two tiny problems and ask her advice so she thinks you are opening up to her. If you need counseling services, go to the campus provided one and do not tell her about it at all. In fact, given your history of depression and anxiety, which is absolutely warranted given the things you describe about your mother, go ahead and find out about counseling services now before there is a crisis. Lastly, please be extremely careful with condom use and birth control. The last thing you need is to get pregnant. I think you should make lots of friends and spend a lot of time having new experiences and growing as a person before getting serious romantically with anybody. Because of your background of having been grievously overcontrolled, you will have a hard time understanding and enforcing healthy boundaries at first. Here are some helpful websites: Out of the FOG Scarleteen Captain Awkward Consider these your summer reading.
Yikes! :O
Boy howdy, I have been in your shoes, opened my mouth and committed myself to something I regret. But! You don't have to leap pell mell back into her poisoned embrace. You can write out a list of baby steps. She has to pass every step perfectly and you don't have to take the contact any farther than you want. For example, you can tell her that you will start with a weekly (biweekly, monthly, yearly, whatever) 5 minute FaceTime call. 5 minutes, that's it, and not until everything has settled down from the birth. If she is trying to come out and stay with you before, during, and / or after, that's a big ol' Nope. Also, make sure that you specify with the hospit that she is not allowed to visit at all. If she flies out anyway, do not let her into your house! She gets the little bitty FaceTime 5 minutes, that's it, and if she ramps up the pressure, flies out, or otherwise misbehaves, oops, no contact again, bam.
At work, dont say it's your mother, say that she is an unstable stalker who is claiming to be your mother and who is obsessed with you.
This is not the last time the two of you will have to deal with appeasing one or both of your parents. Just as they assume ownership over your wedding, so shall they boundary stomp over every other decision of your adult lives, great and small, including: where to live, rent or buy, how to decorate your home, your pets (to have or have not, what kind, how many, how to care for them), your continued education, what hobbies you should have, whether you should work or be a homemaker, what jobs to take, whether or not to have children and how many, every detail of how to raise them, how to educate them, what jobs they should hold, what hobbies they should have...it will NEVER.END. Then the extra fun part will be when your respective parents disagree with each other. So, you can spend the rest of your lives just like this, running around trying to appease them, only to find that the goalposts are constantly in motion, or you can start making stands now. Normal people understand give and take. You two understand give and take. However, your parents don't work that way. They understand rank and hierarchy. People higher up on the ladder are right by definition, end of story. Are those your values? Do you agree with that worldview? If you had children, would you raise them that way, to obey you and any authority figure in all things without question no matter what?
Then he posted the incident in /r/raisedbynarcissists, whose usual fare recounts upsetting if not horrifying tales of abuse. The obliviousness in this one is strong. Edited to add: OP should replace the camera, not Dad, because he has been mooching off his parents, and because he is responsible for inflicting this unbearable guest on them when they were ki d enough to invite their shitty, childish selves on their vacation.
OP and girlfriend are cunts; Dad is a well trimmed vagina.
I am not a lawyer--the following is based on my friends' and my misadventures as renters in the LA area. My understanding is that landlords can evict you for chronically failing to pay the full rent on time. However, they have to accept the rent in any legal format in which you submit it. It could be online, by check, in cash, money order, whatever. Check your lease as to what that says about a grace period. What the lease says it what matters, but it still has to conform with state and local laws. So, the bottom line is, they cannot forbid you from paying the rent early and by check or by any other means. If you maim mail them a valid check so that it arrives on or before the due date, and they refuse to cash it, that's on them. However, I recommend that you check using a resource such as the Housing Rights Center, hrc-la.org. You can also download this extensive [guide](http://www.lapublichealth.org/eh/docs/housing/brochure/tenright.pdf) about renter's rights.
Another thing narcs do: tell one person how another person feels and what they want. Make requests on a third person's behalf.
"I get to cry, not you!"
Whatever rules and boundaries you two put in place, she will blame it on you because her goal is to drive a wedge between you two. So go ahead and stop worrying about what she thinks. Remember how you had to get very strict about replying to her texts? You are going to have to do the save thing with her visits. To what extent can your cousin be there to run interference for you, set up the door blocks, etc.? The first three months postpartum are called the fourth trimester because of the extent to which your LO is still utterly dependent on you. On top of it you have had major surgery. Have DH read the Lemon Clot essay. AV is a stressors on you, and lack of support, or extra stress, is a risk factor for PPD or PPA.
In stencil: "PROPERTY OF CAILLTESAGHAOTH"
As in Grandnightmare
Yep. Dad is a full grown adult with the ability to make his own choices.
I remember, as a tiny child, my father explaining that I should never, ever put myself between a baby animal and its mother. 3-year-old me understood that immediately. It's a simple concept.
&gt; she will self mutilate if necessary to put him in a position to choose between her and me. Then for her own good, she needs to know that she has no audience. You all need to be unreachable, including by any FMs, well before and after labor. If any FMs do get through, they need to be told that she is their responsibility if their heart bleeds for her so damn much.
I am sorry, because all this must be horribly traumatic to have to deal with on top of having lost your wife. I do not think you should proactively contact CPS. CPS deals with bullshitters at all times, either the parents, reporters, or both. CPS will not necessarily give any extra credence to who ever calls them first. By law they have to check everything out anyway. It is probably best if you not put yourself on their radar. You may just want to keep on keeping on. You should absolutely make sure that the kids are up to date with their checkups and vaccinations. You should keep a file of the kids' medical records and vaccinations handy. You should also have another file with your wife's medical records, especially pertaining to the birth, and a coroner's or autopsy report if there is one, and all written (including emails and texts) communications between yourself and your in-laws. You should purchase a composition notebook, the kind with pages down in, and keep a dated log of every interaction you have had with the in-laws. You should also have a file documenting the interactions they had with the boss. Going forward, once they have threatened your job and CPS, they have gone nuclear and there is no turning back. You need to avoid any and all direct contact. If they call, you need to let it go to voicemail and make sure that is saved. You must not respond to any texts and emails. You need to not talk to them if they approach you directly in public, but leave immediately. If they come to your door, tell them to leave and then call the police. Make sure that the refrigerator and pantry are stocked with fresh, healthy food, and that the place is reasonably clean and childproofed. Any alcohol, medications, poisonous or hazardous substances, and firearms must be secured. There should be absolutely no drugs or paraphernalia in the house, even if pot is legal in your state. If you smoke or vape tobacco, do not do so in the house, and make sure those materials are secured. If there are any rats or bugs, eliminate them by any means necessary. If CPS comes to your home, be cordial, ask to see their IDs, and let them in and let them to their thing. Document the interaction in your notebook. They might also go to your kids' school or daycare. Remember, all of this is normal. If they receive a report, by law they have to act on it. Also remember--CPS does not swoop in and take children just because of a phone call unless they see blatant evidence of neglect, danger, or abuse when they come to the house. I may have left something out, so search this sub for more suggestions. People know someone in CPS or have gone through false reports have posted in here regularly. Your lawyer should also have good suggestions.
Unless it's hookers and blackjack.
I'd call this a success. She has shown you that she chooses not to work with you and to make everything a huge power play. So now the entire event is back in your hands, as you wanted originally, and best of all, it sounds like DH is on the same page! Your job is to keep calm and carry on: figure if it is within your budget, and if not, adjust accordingly. Do not accept any funds or hlep from this lady. Invite her, and her job is to show up and behave. If she turns really malignant, DH should have a chat with FFIL if that has a chance of being productive. If she keeps acting weird and throwing out buzzkill bombs, conscript a guest, relative, your coordinator, or even a discreet security person to escort her off premises. Same for the wedding. Edited to add: Your sisters may only have experience working with reasonable people. With reasonable people, if they are upset or offended, there must be something to apologize for. However, with manipulative folk such as FSMIL, their offense is weaponized. It is a way for them to assert power over you. If you suck it up, apologize, and give the power back to her, she will invite all of those scores of people she had wanted to invite for the wedding. Then she will pitch fits to pressure you to actually invite them to the wedding, using all the guilt trips because of this magnificent favor of bestowing money and efforts to put on the rehearsal dinner. It will make everything harder, not easier. Stand up to her now, and she may call you a bridezilla and gossip about you to DH's family, but you know what...that will happen eventually even if you give in now, because she will eventually drive you to the point of cutting her off. You haven't mentioned FFIL in this whole debacle. If he is the type to go along to get along, and if your disobedience to her wishes creates a rift between you guys and FFIL, remember that is his choice.
TL;DR: Bad news: There is no quick and easy way for it to stop. Your kid is not developmentally ready to deal with frustration. You have to accept that this is reality for a while, but that she will grow out of it. Growing takes a loooooong time. *sigh* My kid used to be that kind of stubborn. Not with manipulation per se, but with that kind of anger and persistence. He became a wonderful adult. There is hope. Just tell yourself that this is now, not forever. One strategy is to ignore her and do something different. The second she snaps out of it and changes her focus, reward her with attention. If she is being super persistent, and you're sure that it isn't about being hungry, tired, sick, upset about something, or some other legit need, and she is really getting on your nerves, send her to her room until she gets over it. As long as she is not in genuine distress, it is not a bad thing to be separate from your kid so that you can love and enjoy them when they're not being like that. Along with this, it is extremely important that you validate her feelings when she is genuinely upset about something. Contrary to popular belief, that does not mean giving in to any unreasonable demand. Example: She is in a store and begging for a toy or junk food. You are pretty sure she is not genuinely hungry, but offer her a reasonable snack suck as a banana, sandwich, cracker, etc. She persists in begging. You validate by saying something like, "I know, oreos are delicious," or "That is a cute teddy bear," with genuine sympathy. Then you carry on calmly. If certain situations or times of day are problematic, then plan for success. Try to find a way to avoid these situations. For instance, if she is bad in stores, make your shopping trips as short as possible, or see if certain stores are better than others. For instance, Walmart seemed to bring out the demon in my kid. Something about the size and clutter was bad. In smaller, more orderly stores, he was more manageable. Maybe your kid would do better in a store at a different time of day. Do her fits tend to be at a certain time of day? 3:00 pm - 6:00 pm are well known "witching hours" for kids and adults. Maybe serve her a snack with a protein at 2:30 pm. Maybe serve dinner earlier. Does she have fits over certain things, such as tv or junk food? One friend had to ban candy from the house for a year because her daughter had candy tantrums. Another friend has had to implement various screentime bans--total bans for a time, bans between certain hours, or bans until thus-and-such was accomplished. Yes, these bans kind of punish you, too, because then the kid will be all up in your business. However! Your attention is the number one thing your child wants. Try to set up situations where you are giving her attention for positive reasons. And--this is the tough part, but it absolutely transformed my experience of parenthood. Your system of discipline must be mostly positive. Punishment must be meted out as little as possible. Now that's different from consequences. There are natural consequences--these are the best. She breaks a toy deliberately, she no longer has that toy. You can comfort her for being sad or angry about the toy, and then not replace it. Don't even tell her you're not replacing it. Just comfort her and that's that. This will teach her to be a kind person with emotional intelligence. You don't have to give her a long pious lecture about taking care of her stuff. She will figure that out on her own. With my son, I didn't want to get involved with a whole sticker chart regime because I find that exhausting, and extrinsic rewards and punishments didn't work. My reward was literally this. I got a piece of poster paper, hung it up, and every time he either listened to me right away or did something else I liked, I would write down that thing. For example, "Kid put his shoes away" or "Kid waited for dinner patiently." Whatever strikes you at the moment. If he wanted me to write some little thing down, I did. It was pretty arbitrary but he absolutely loved it. The other thing is that you need to pick your battles. Kids develop various aspects of themselves at wildly different rates. If your kid has some difference, such as ADHD, some things that seem simple to you are really, really hard for them. Your kid might have some sort of mild difference that you might be unaware of, especially if they haven't started formal schooling yet. Therefore, start with things your child can succeed at. For example, I never got on my son to clean his room. There were other things I was more worried about, so I focused on those. If he couldn't find something, we would straighten his room together. Eventually, he became a very tidy person on his own, much tidier than me. Sorry this got so long. I feel your pain. It will get better. I found the book "Raising Your Spirited Child" to be enormously helpful. Read up on temperament and positive parenting. You can even to to /r/dogtraining, which seems weird because you can't really crate train your kid, but because they are so emphatic about correcting behavior issues with a positive, affirmative approach. It should help illustrate the mentality you have to cultivate. Good luck!
Thank you! This is my biggest hate because of how damn long it took for me to realize it. Yes, you have to try really, really hard to achieve certain things, but trying at X with all your might is absolutely no guarantee at all, and may result in damage to other parts of your life. Often, failure is not your fault, but if you put too much faith in this dimwitted maxim, you can damage your mental health marinating in the bitterness of self blame.
You should feel shame over nothing. She should feel ashamed about inviting you into her home and then inflicting her horrible behavior in you.
Oh honey... I read through your post history and it just makes me so, so sad for you.
How can you fix a relationship with someone when you're doing all the fixing and she takes your efforts as an opportunity to hurt you more? What does your SO have to say about her behavior? Does it not bother him that she deliberately tries to hurt the mother of his child? Does he try to deny or minimize her behavior? Does he believe that you must have a relationship with family or parents no matter how terribly they act? Well speaking as the mother of an adult son myself, she has no right to hurt and exclude you like that. She has the moral obligation to treat you as a human being who deserves their dignity no less than she. No matter what is going on with her, she and the rest of her minions are actively choosing to treat you like garbage. Furthermore, this shows how little they respect your SO of they think so lowly of the person he has chosen as a life partner. Since you are both young, the idea that adults are not perfect and you do not have to accept them as an absolute authority may seem uncomfortable to you. Well, as a mother, I am here to tell you that you never again have to accept another adult's abuse, no matter who they are. Sometimes, yes, you are stuck in a bad situation. If you are on a job you can't afford to quit and haven't found another job yet, you may have to put up with that boss, or if you are pulled over by a police officer you need to cooperate. Yet even in both of these situations, you have civil rights. Your MIL is not an obligatory part of your life. She has lost the privilege of being in it. Furthermore, it is bad for your child to see their mother being abused by her. Your child does not need a grandmother who is abusive. If someone hurts you, that also hurts your child. Your SO needs to understand these things if he, too, wants the privilege of being with you. He chose to start a new life with you. This child is utterly dependent you and your SO. He, and you, his mother, should be your SO's priority, not some other adults who are choosing to be horrible. Your SO is not on the middle unless he chooses to be. His other option would be to hold his mother responsible for her choices, and enact consequences when she acts cruelly. These consequences can include cutting her off until she sincerely apologizes, takes responsibility for her behavior (none of this "I'm sorry if my innocent actions made you feel some way, even though I have no idea what I did and you are sooo hypersensitive"), and actually changes her behavior, not just sometimes with backsliding, but permanently. Make no mistake: this woman wants power over you and SO. You are under no obligation to give it to her. Now, about your life. Do you have a job? Do you have career plans? Are you going to school? I say this because, as a young mother, you may currently be completely dependent on your SO. This gives you little latitude to protect yourself in case he continues to force you to make nice with this mean person. I also want to ask, how does he treat you otherwise? Is he kind when not around his family? Is he supportive? Does he help around the house and is he an involved father to his son? Do you feel like an equal partner in this relationship?
She will always find something. If you're not too heavy, you're too skinny, you must have an eating disorder, or your muscles make you look too mannish, or some while new thing. With her, you are probably wrong by definition.
Please tell me you're going to update if she did wear white.
My mom used to say that whatever your issues are, they get worse with age, so you need to deal with them. I think that is what's happening with a lot of people. Bad habits are hard to change, and this only gets harder with time. So either a person deals with their shit, striving to be better every day, or they descend into some kind of chaos. Yes, you can change at any age! My ADHD was diagnosed when I was 41. This gave me the tools I needed to deal with the resultant issues. No, my neurology will never change, but at least I know how to fight it. So every single day, I do something for my fitness, I work towards my goals, I deal with my money, and I try to stay sane. I only have one kid and I sure as hell don't want to ruin his life by being some blob whose butt he has to wipe every day. This is the duty of every single human who teaches a certain age, to do everything within their power not to be a burden to the generations coming after. (No, I'm not some superhuman of wonderfulness. I just heemed a chocolate bar for brunch, and then off to pay some back taxes. 🙄) But that's my explanation for parents who decide it's slack off time once the kids turn 18 (or earlier). I wish I could say that this will die off with my generation. Seriously, if I knew for a fact that were true, I would be so very happy, but I fear things won't turn out that simply. They rarely do. So that's my message from my past, to your future. You, too, must take up that struggle against your own drama and personal entropy.
Nonetheless, your letter does a good job of laying out the situation tactfully and succinctly.
Yes, and lack of support is a risk factor for PPD.
For foods, check out a website called [the Tortoise Table](https://www.thetortoisetable.org.uk/). Mazuri Tortoise food is also a great staple. For lighting and heat, get a broad spectrum 150 watt bulb for day ti.e, and a ceramic heat lamp for anytime the temperature drops below 72° F / 22 ° C. The heat lamp should not emit light, because at night the animal would prefer to have it dark, same as you. His enclosure should be as large as you can manage. You can also let him wander about the house anytime you can supervise him. An aquarium is not ideal, because it is small and tortoises find the glass to be stressful; they will want to get out. An opaque plastic storage container will do. Make sure the enclosure is secure from dogs, cats, or any other free ranging pets you may have. Even if your dogs and cats are prey indifferent or friendly, turtles and tortoises are prey animals, so only let him interact with other animals, including other tortoises, under strict supervision. Male tortoises will bang into and assault females. My male tortoise head butts pretty much anything at his level, and delights in biting bare feet, pants, the dogs, the dogs' balls, etc. He has also humped one particular stufty. Good times! You can build him an outdoors enclosure for sunny, warm days, because natural sunlight is best for him. You can plant things that are safe for him to nibble on, such as succulents and dandelion. However, you must either supervise him at all times when he is outside, or fashion a secure cover to protect him from Raptors, stray dogs and cats, etc. Also, bear in mind that Russian and Greek tortoises are enthusiastic about escaping, so make sure the fencing extends 6" - 12" (15 - 30 cm). Make sure any enclosure has one or more places for him to hide in or under. The substrate can be coconut coir. You can also add sphagnum moss. Make sure it's nice and thick. He should have a nice big dish of fresh water at all times. He may pop in the water. You can bathe him once every day or so. Make sure the water is shallow enough that he can easily keep his head above water. The temperature should be the same that you would want if you were taking a nice, warm bath. He may pop in the bath, and he may pass a substance which looks like egg whites. This is normal. It's called curates, and is equivalent to the white stuff found in bird poop. Change the water if it gets befouled or cool. Online, look for care sheets for Mediterranean tortoises. [The Tortoise Forum](https://tortoiseforum.org/) is a great resource for more details.
It's real simple. If she wasn't a horrible, abusive money grubber, if she actually appreciated you for being you, then she would have no reason to fear your "abandonment." You would make every effort to fly around the world with your family to see her. You would take pleasure in caring for her financially. If being cut off from you was her worst nightmare, then why did she do anything in her power to make it an inevitability? I'm going to suggest you embark on a life experiment. From now on, give your daughter whatever independence she is old enough to handle. Flood her with acceptance and love, especially when she succeeds at something important--being kind, getting good grades, trying hard, cleaning up, or just handling her freedoms responsibly. Spend time enjoying her company. Once she has grown, only offer advice if she asks for it. Treat her like a valued, beloved friend. I'm going to lay down money that she will seek out your company because she will *want* to. If you are a good parent, you will never have to bind her to you with shackles of abuse and manipulation.
Your child is much more perceptive than you realize. Even if your mother is wonderful to your child, she is very unhealthy for him, because he sees that you are scared and tense and unhappy around your mother. He sees the abuse and manipulation going on and it is getting normalized. You know and feel that her treatment is wrong, but you dont have the words to fight it in real time. Well, he has even less ability to articulate it than you. You dont owe your mother contact with your child. Your child is not an emotional support pet for her. If she accuses you of withholding your child from her, don't bother to answer. See her if you feel like it and leave when you wish, or don't see her at all. If she wasn't a self-centered, guilt tripping asshole, you would probably love to go over there, so it's all on her. Your child does not need a grandmother. He needs a happy parent. He deserves a warm, loving, supportive grandmother. If she is manipulative and abusive, he needs to be protected free from her company.
That was her choice. Your only choice is whether or not to continue to let her hurt you
As someone who aspires to better my home cooking game, let me share with you an interesting amusement that my son turned me into this week: a YouTube series called Four Levels on the Epicurious channel.
People keep books still? Revolutionaries!
At the top of the header for this sub is a link to its [wiki](https://www.reddit.com/r/JUSTNOMIL/wiki/books). It might be easy to miss as it's just to the right of the the different ways to sort posts. Well, in the wiki is a [book list](https://www.reddit.com/r/JUSTNOMIL/wiki/books) which you and your fiancée may find helpful. There is also a list of [14 Free and Low-Cost Mental Health Resources](https://captainawkward.com/2017/10/03/guest-post-14-free-and-low-cost-mental-health-resources/) on the wonderful site Captain Awkward.
Yeah, maybe you (/u/mypasswordisphil) could get your therapist, a roommate, or trusted friend to screen them in case there is something important you would need to act on, such as a threat. Maybe you could even get a new phone # and use that as your primary mode of communication from now on, but only for 100% trusted people. Port the old number to a burner phone and have someone screen those calls and texts. Meanwhile, make sure to fill up those empty moments of your new found freedom with new people and experiences. Keep moving forward.
It sounds like your SO is afraid of making her mom mad. That's why she is asking you to call. This is awesome, and in your place id certainly take her up on that offer! If you are worried about losing control of the kids during your SO's tune in case of a divorce, no there are no guarantees, but I'm guessing that any sane family court judge would be very interested in hearing about MIL's actions around children. However, this is serious enough that you would absolutely need to hire a lawyer. In fact, you might want to low key want to consult with a family lawyer right now. But before we get so extreme, go ahead and uninvite MIL. Step One is to block her calls and texts on your wife's phone. Start by asking her where she is atm. Get the complete address. Tell simply that she cannot come in, exactly those words. Make sure not to JADE: Justify, Argue, Defend, or Explain. If she threatens suicide, ask her if she is serious about that. If she says yes, hang up immediately, call the police in her area, and have them do a wellness check. Even if she doesn't, get off the line quickly and pleasantly: something cheery like great, take care, and get TF off the line. The blocked calls will go to voicemail. Screen these for your wife. If any FMs call her, she should hand you the phone. Take on the role of bad guy. If they demand to speak "We can't host anyone right now, can you?" Throw it right back at them. So either, "Oh, that's great!" or, "You can't either, huh? Well I'm sure they'll work something out. Bye!" P.S. edited to add: having sex in front of children is abuse. Exposing them to porn, whether on screen, in print m, or auditory, is abuse, even if it's just a computer or phone left open to a porn site in plain view. Have your wife read through some of these posts. https://captainawkward.com/category/predators/
He doesn't have the time not to. Once he hires a lawyer, all the hassle and communication goes through that person, freeing he and his money up for your brother. When people marry, that doesn't mean that half of each person's money instantly becomes the property of the other. Marital assets--i.e. money earned *during the marriage*, excluding inheritances and gifts, are what's split. What he brought into the marriage should still be his, 100%. This is an overview, a big simplification, because I'm not a lawyer. He needs a lawyer. I don't care how much lawyers cost. He literally cannot afford not to have one. She is not a supervillain. She is just a human like everybody else. The only thing she has over him is the illusion of power created by her bullying. This is not real power. He needs a lawyer. Please show him these comments.
I wonder if you guys couldn't somehow arrange a phone conference with a lawyer or two or three. You may have to pay a nominal fee, but like I had said, this will be the best money you could spend. Maybe your brother could play the sick guy card: "Dad, it is stressing me out to know that you feel trapped in this abusive relationship. Even if you tried to hide the truth from me you couldn't make me forget what I already know. It would make me so happy to see you take steps to take care of yourself. If you take care of yourself, you can take care of me better."
Yeah, so if you keep your child from her, and this causes this woman to kill herself, that means that her life ultimately rests on the shoulders of a 7-year-old CHILD, do I have that right? &gt; I suspect she’s narcissistic and she has a very unhealthy obsession with my 7 year old daughter. She says she loves her more than anything in the world, she’s the only thing she has that gives her joy, they have a “special bond” etc etc. Honestly, my alarm bells were already going off by that point. Even without the suicidal part, which is absolutely a hill to die on, I was already thinking that relationship isn't treating the girl well, it's projecting a whole burden on the girl. This is the very definition of unhealthy enmeshment. The child has probably already internalized an unhealthy level of obligation to your MIL, and doesn't even have the words or life experience to articulate what's going on. Your DH has grown up seeing this level of enmeshment as normal. He also feels that he is responsible for her choices, so is eager to get rid of that guilt and foist it off on you and your daughter. He needs therapy. You two need couples counseling. Your MIL needs you or DH to ask her, *every single time* she brings up suicidal ideation, if she is serious and if she has a plan. Then she needs emergency services called on her. If it is legal to record conversations where you live, do so, so that when they get there and she denies everything, you have her own voice saying otherwise. In other news, neither children need to see her. It is her want, not anyone's need. Children need same, stable, loving people in their lives, not abusive narcissists, even if they are Grandma. P.S. I took a glance at your history. There's no harm in lowkey consulting with a divorce lawyer. Did you know that any debts or assets acquired during a marriage are probably shared between both parties (excluding inheritances and gifts)? That means that $10,000 debt is half his to pay. That means the car you brought in to marriage is all yours. You can also get injunctions forbidding them from taking your kids to your MIL's. The judge might be interested in your DH's alcoholism. However, you might need to generate some kind of proof. That sort of thing. If you can't afford even a consult, look up free or low cost legal aid groups. Don't get overwhelmed. Take one small step at a time. You can even start just by hitting up some Al-Anon meetings. They can help shake you out of the codependency. Also look up the article "14 Free and Low-Cost Mental Health Resources" on captainawkward.com.
Sorry, you're right.
Absolutely not, you got that right! And I want to emphasize, some kids are harder to parent than others. My son had a bit of ODD going on, and it took a long time for him to get over the terrible twos! Turns out it was fueled by ADHD. The child psychiatrist we ended up getting when he was 6 turned out to be a huge blessing, because like you, I internalized his behavior as if it were all my fault. Well news flash, kids have their own consciousness, will, genetics, etc. They are separate people from us. Who knew, lol. Well your child also has gifts, but they are not going to show up at age 2 or anytime soon. So he is manifesting every challenge he has because he has underdeveloped frontal lobes, and he is way too little for his better side to come out. In other words, you are trying as hard as you can, and seeing little result because growing up takes fluffin' *forever*, and because that's the kid he is right now and for several years to come Well I was lucky enough to have friends to reassure me that he would turn out well, which I had no capacity to believe at the time. And whaddya know, he did! TBH I wish I could claim that my fantastic parenting skills were what made the difference, but honestly I'm not sure. It's like growing a plant. You can do everything perfectly and the plant might still die or grow poorly. Also you can't do much to make the plant grow faster. However, if you learn about plants in general and your particular plant, you can raise the probability of the plant turning out healthy and long lived. And that's the best metaphor I can come up with atm. But seriously, the huge thing that kept me from really sinking into either depression or abusive rage was learning about positive parenting. This is a message from your happy future. The authoritarian parenting touted by society--"Just do ___&lt;something harsh&gt;___ and they will ___&lt;be instantly compliant&gt;___!!!!!1!!" --is not the path to happiness, quite the opposite. So yeah, at limits on the little guy, but if he is a frustrating, cranky, defiant little hellion for quite a while, please do not internalize this as proof that you have failed as a mother. Please do not do that, I beg of you. It does nobody any good. Please be kind to yourself. Edit the 2nd: Just had another brainwave I wanted to share--i I'm not saying this is you, but I myself have done this so it's something to consider: sometimes when you have a big issue with someone else in your life, especially a partner, which you feel helpless to resolve, or perhaps very frustrated, and then a needy child pushes your buttons, it is very easy to displace your anger into the kid, because ultimately you have more power over the kid. Again, I'm in no position to say that you're doing this. It is easy to do and a very natural tendency, however, so it's not something to beat yourself up about if it is the case. Just something to keep in the back of your mind.
I dont know, that sounds like the last thing Nephew needs.
&gt; , I had sex with him (I know I was really dumb and I shouldn't have done that) Hey, be gentle with yourself. You're pregnant, on a journey to bring a new life into this world, and managing a complicated international relationship. Besides, it's not like you can get any pregnanter! I hope he can get himself some therapy with someone who understands the dynamics of manipulative and dysfunctional families of origin. It sounds like he had the survival instinct to get away from her, but has not fully processed his upbringing, so he does not currently have the tools to deal with his mother He might benefit greatly from reading the website Out of the FOG. I also hope that the two of you can get into couples therapy to strengthen your relationship before your child is born. Have you seen the subreddit /r/babybumps? That is a nice community. Edit: spelling
At the core of many JustNos is the assumption that they have the right to absolute control of everyone in their circle by any means necessary. At times you may feel those icky little stirrings of insecurity, jealousy, self pity, loneliness, etc., and there's nothing wrong with your feelings! They're just there. But you have a cerebral cortex to help you with putting on that poker face and accepting that you won't see them when you wanted to, or when they make a parenting decision that is new and different. You have a capacity for self reflection. You took the effort to study how relationships between parents and their grown children fall apart. In other words, if you are at the ledge, you have built a fine guardrail. Enjoy the view. A quick phone call or text to your daughter saying just what you said here, "Sorry for saying 'My baby!' and trying to touch your belly. Honest to God, I have no idea what came over me. Maybe some roaming demon briefly possessed me, I don't know," would hopefully give her a good laugh.
I just hope you never have to go through such an awful experience again! And thank you for this post. I had a friend in kindergarten who, looking back, probably had selective mutism. Of course, being a dumb little kid, I took it personally but kept hanging out with him and trying to coax him into saying something because I liked him.
No, you are not dumb, nor a fucking bitch. Naive, maybe, (says my lifelong naive self). Which is not the same as stupid. It's not even morally wrong. You know what's wrong? Exploiting trusting people just because you can. Now that's evil. A bitch? You're obviously quite the opposite. Being a nice, kind, loving person is not a bad thing. It is a good thing. Imagine a world populated solely by people like you. Now imagine a world populated solely by people like him. Which world would anybody, ever, like to live in?
I read the responses to your post over on the other sub. OH BOY. I strongly suspect that the majority of respondents are not parents, let alone female. Yeah, I guess you might well have PPD. You know what a major risk factors for PPD are? Isolation. Lack of support. Being stuck in an Alaskan winter, physically unable to fend off this woman who is eager to take advantage of the situation to establish her dominance. Why are you supposed to be grateful for being pushed around are terrorized in your own car? Dragged out in the middle if winter when your body is barely recovering? Why would you want people hovering over your baby like that? If you hated the child and ssf didn't want it maybe. And your husband doesn't want to hear about it. He works, comes home, and everything is supposed to be poached and puppies. Basically you have no one on your side. Let me tell you a little secret--whenever someone on an advice sub asks if they are overreacting, 99.5 out of 100 times they are underreacting. When people ask if they are being oversensitive, 99.5 times out of 100 they are being mistreated, sometimes to the point of abuse. So when I see the "Am I Overreacting?" flair, the first thing that pops into my mind is, how bad is it? Your isolation really concerns me. Fo you have any friends you can stay with? Is there any chance you can go to your family's for the next month or so? BTW, seeking help does not mean that you are crazy or overreacting. You really need someone to back you up. Now, I see a glimmer of hope here. I'm hoping that the more you speak up with confidence, the more this woman will back off. She may call you rude, because to her anything you say that asserts what you want that is on opposition to what she wants is going to be labeled as rude. So since you're in a no win situation, you might as well go ahead and be the bad guy. Google healthy communication. You can even look up couple's communication. Another search term is "nonviolent communication." I don't love that term because I don't want to imply that you have been communicating violently! You are being stepped on. So, read for yourself because I don't trust myself to explain it properly, but the basic idea is that you tell the other person how their specific action makes you feel and what you would like them to do. For example, "When you turn and brake abruptly, it terrifies me, and my stitches tear and it really hurts. LPlease drive more gently." Or, "When you hover, I feel claustrophobic and resentful. Please give me more space." Or, "When you grab the baby I feel angry. Please don't grab the baby. I really need help with housework. Could you please help with vacuuming?" Now depending on how much of a reasonable woman she is, she may or may not pay you any mind. You could consider talking these issues over with the obstetrician, and then having him or her call Grandma in the room so that you can say these things with the doctor present. She might be more complianr with a witness present. I certainly hope that at some point your DH can accompany you to a doctor's or therapist's appointment. The child is his, too. He can't just go to work and then wave his hands and like he has done his part. He is a parent, not just a roommate who is a single guy worker bee. He can't subcontract his part of parenting off to Grandma. She didn't have sex with you. She didn't put her seed in you. He did. He needs to step in, help with the baby and driving, stand up for you, and be with you like a husband.
I read through a lot of your post history. It sounds like your mother was abused by your grandmother, so she hates herself and is full of anger. She hates on you and says and does things to make you hate yourself and feel powerless, because that way she feels powerful. Also she sees you as an extension of herself. Have you even read the book or seen the movie "Like Water for Chocolate?" It may be triggering because it's rough stuff. It might explain what this dynamic is. In any event, I think you should not close your mind to getting education. This will make it much easier to get a job, once you have some kind of qualification. You handled your bf's grandfather's injury like an absolute boss! I was so proud of you when I read that. It sounds like you can stay cool headed in a crisis. Have you considered being a nurse? Nurses make great money and have no problems with employment! Since you want money sooner rather than later, you can also consider having some stepping stone career goals, such as being a paramedic, nurse's aide, some kind of medical technician such as phlebotomist, LPN, etc. Now. How to get an education. Who told you that university has to consist of four years at UCLA? Two words: *community college*. You can go there very inexpensively, possibly free if you and your family meet certain income guidelines. Since your dad is usually on your side, get him to fill you out a FAFSA. Apply for student loans. You can get half of a traditional college education done with at a community college. Plus, you know what else a community college has? Counselors, so you can get therapy to help with your anxiety, depression, and distorted bodily self image, because if someone telling you your thighs look thin send you into paroxysms of joy, and you think that it is normal to live on 900 calories a day, it is clear that your mother has instilled some pretty serious eating and body image issues in you, with your early trauma also being a huge risk factor for eating and body image disorders as well. Next, I think you need to get out from under your parents' roof as soon as possible by any means necessary. Living with your mother is as bad for your mental health as smoking two packs of cigarettes a day would be for your lungs. She is toxic and that's the way she is. You cannot hold yourself responsible for your father's and let that be the excuse that you live in a tiny bedroom for the rest of your life with poor mental health, and no career, education, or money of your own. That is not a life. And as long as you are living around your mother's psychological abuse, youbwill be like a rocketship trying to escape a planet with 10x the gravity of earth. It will be next to impossible to be happy and have the psychic and physical energy you need to launch yourself into a happy and independent adulthood. You can stay in town, visit your father often, go out for coffee with him, call and text him. But you are powerless to save him. Don't put that on yourself. You are not his Superwoman. Just his daughter. Wherever you go, just take the bunny with you, even if you are living under a bridge (just kidding, don't live under a bridge). But you know what I mean. Do not discuss this. Just take the rabbit. You know he will be dead within a month if you leave him there. Your mom can get a dog or cat if she needs an emotional support animal. She would probably screw that animal up, too, but at least dogs and cats arent as fragile. Don't tell anyone in the house of your plans. Just make them and then tell them the night before. You do not owe anyone an explanation. One woman on this sub planned her move out like a prison break and just ghosted. I'm not saying that you have to go to that extreme, but moving out might make your mother fear loss of control, or that her image among the relatives might take a hit. Hence she might sabotage you by taking your money, hiding your personal documents, deliberately making your bunny sick to guilt trip you, hiding your medications, etc. In that case, plan everything carefully before moving out so that she can't screw anything up.
Oh honey. You need to tell the nurses not to let your MIL in to see you at all, even if DH allows it. If necessary, put it in writing and give it to your OB and the head nurse of the obstetrics unit. Set it up now.
You can't help an addict. It is his journey. He has the resources around to help himself. It hurts like hell, but you have to let go of him. It is 100% his choice whether or not he breaks free. You have no power here.
PSA everyone. Community college. You can get your basic academics out of the way very inexpensively. If you do well, it will be much easier to transfer to a four year school, because they like seeing proof that you can do college level work. While you're at it, ou can explore various trades very inexpensively at a fraction of the cost of for-profit trade schools. There are many great professors. The students are more diverse in every way. It is a low stakes way to take your time and explore your options.
For any debts that aren't student loans (thanks, George W), bankruptcy is made exactly for people like you, and it does not ruin your credit for life. I have two good friends who had to declare bankruptcy. One managed to buy a house within less than five years. Another bought a car within a couple of years. Bankruptcy is a highly underrated institution.
Bipolar isn't a mistake. It is a challenge that you did not choose to be saddled with. Your choice is to learn about your condition and set up your life to manage it. You can have a great life, but you will have to fight a bit harder. Please don't put this on yourself.
Askamanager.org Years of amazing career advice You can learn how to write a good cover letter and resume.
I would say that is your mom's screw up. Probably 99.5% of third graders, if left to their own devices and put in charge of choosing their own pace in school, would do exactly the same as you. As a parent, it was fully your mom's job to make sure you got an education. If your mother was too busy to put in the work to be your teacher, then she should not have pulled you out of school.
CBT (cognitive behavioral therapy) might help.
Not to mention visits while OP is in the hospital.
You have nothing to feel guilty about and SO has a right to pursue other relationships. Your SD is lucky to have you in her life. However, it sounds like some combination of her having emotional issues, and BM winding her up and in fact engaging in parental alienation. If SD is really that sensitive, then she needs proper treatment. Your SO needs to stand up to BM and get her a therapist whom SD can see on her own. It also sounds like the current therapist is straight unethical, or ridiculously naive and unaware of how to spit and deal with manipulative people. Your SO also needs to go back to court to deal with the parental alienation. And, he needs to shield you from being mistreated by SD and BM. You don't even need to hear or see any nasty behavior. If your SO is too lazy to parent his daughter and doesn't value you enough to deal with SD and BM drama on his own, then he is not a good partner for you.
10/10 would watch.
*sigh* And that, kids, is why leasing is usually a terrible idea. For $10k she could pay for most of a certified, low mileage used car, for instance a popular brand hybrid sold by a rental car company. She should just turn the leased car back in and done.
Any chance you and the kids could get into a shelter?
Ah, shoot for the moon and land among the stars type, I see.
Another point of view. You and your SO are having some drama. All new parents really, really, really need this time to bond as a new little family unit. Whether you stay or go eventually, it seems like your SO has the potential to be a good parent, so you want to make sure that this postpartum time, especially the first three months of the baby's life a.k.a. the 4th trimester where the baby is so helpless and their needs so intense, is a time where you and your partner establish a strong bond as new parents. Even if you arent sure what the future should hold with SO as a romantic partner, he can still be an involved father whether or not the two of you end up under the same roof in the long run. This woman has no preexisting relationship with you, and she has been estranged from your partner. She has done no work to fix whatever went wrong between you and your partner, yet she is trying to swoop in and be this huge, stressful presence in your home. This is the very definition of Just, No. No to the no. The baby is not a support animal/therapist whose mission in life is to magically fix whatever went wrong between she and your SO. In fact, let me offer up a theory, which may be way off base, so take it or leave it. Many of these women have estranged their children by being over controlling. They get super triggered at the thought of being able to have this helpless little being in their lives who has absolutely no capacity to advocate for itself besides crying. That's why many of these domineering, bulldozer, overcontrolling women are obsessed with getting access to these new babies, and yet at the same time they are hugely incompetent and even bad as caretakers as they prioritize their emotional needs, and their competitive desire to edge out the real parents. This lady has already shown manipulative and controlling tendencies by offering to buy all of these big things, holding it over your heads as if she had purchased herself an obligation, and not even heeding your preferences. She.must.not.be.allowed in the hospital, nor over the threshold of your door until *at least* the first three months have passed and you feel physically and emotionally ready to walk if need be. If you do let her into your home, it is to be for a short stay, like say, one or two hours, and she willingly leaves when you say so. She is not under any circumstances to stay at your home. Sometimes SOs who have not processed their issues with their parents acceed to their every wish. Sometimes, if it is the father doing so, it is because he is nervous in his role as a new father, and is using Mummy to try to avoid the issue. This needs to be your hill to die on. She does not come before. She does not even come to town during labor, or before the first trimester has ended *and* she and your partner have fixed whatever their issues are. 'Fixed' does not mean he rolls over and does whatever she wants because he does not know how to assert himself with her if they are in direct communication. Fixed means, issues actually resolved. Fixed means, both of them work on their problems. If she is the problem because of being controlling and abusive, then maybe his work must consist of being able to set boundaries with her that you both agree to, that are in the best interest of you and the baby. **Her wants are of no relevance whatsoever**. The number one priority is the health and wellbeing of the baby, and by extension, other parents, because the child will be utterly dependent on you. If your partner insists on letting her come round, or worse yet stay at the house, then you need to figure that out now and go ahead and apply for council housing. If you have any family or friends you can rely on in an emergency, line them up as an emergency place to go if you and the baby's needs are anything less than #1 top priority. Giving birth is a huge bodily sacrifice. We are not like bears or lionesses. Human babies have these weirdly enormous heads. That makes giving birth a much more dramatic experience for human women. Hopefully you will have a great, very smooth and happy birth experience! But you still won't be up to jumping up and hunting gazelles the next day, so make sure you have your support system sorted. Another user suggested that you read the [Lemon Clot Essay](https://community.babycenter.com/post/a39658471/must_read_the_lemon_clot_essay). I second that. Also, just today! /u/54321blame posted a [wonderful list](https://old.reddit.com/r/JUSTNOMIL/comments/euotjg/just_what_i_wanted_a_baby_of_my_own/ffr8ej5/) of suggested boundaries for postnatal visitors. And please remember: none of the plans you have for how you want to parent your baby, **none of them**, a re e you being "oversensitive." Oversensitive is the go-to word for manipulative and controlling people to invalidate your thoughts, feelings, and opinions. Calling someone 'oversensitive' is just a way of saying "you are automatically wrong." You are not oversensitive, and don't let anyone tell you otherwise! You are this child's mother! What you want for this child is, in fact, automatically right. Just as bad as 'oversensitive' is the word 'hormonal'. Yes, there are hormone changes that accompany giving birth. Yes, these hormone changes may cause your emotional reactions to be more intense than your baseline. That doesn't make you,or your feelings, *wrong*. In fact, consider that the hormones may be there for a reason. They may be nature's way of forcing you to recognize size and face threats to your new, helpless child. They are your body's way of saying, "Fucking wake up and pay attention, something's wrong here!" So please, listen to and honor your instincts. Don't be afraid of being rude. This is your child's life and future at stake.
This needs to go into the wiki! *swooning intensifies*
&gt; Last time his mother came my fiancé forked out a grand for presents for me that his mother purchased while she was abroad, much appreciated and we were overwhelmed with the gifts. I wanted to point out that it's not so nice to use your fiance's money for gifts. A gift is where you sacrifice *your own resources* for someone else. For instance, if she had spent £25 from her meager funds to buy you a cute teapot, that would really nice of her and very touching. What she did last year, and now, is appropriate a huge amount of money that would have otherwise been available to your household towards something she chose, so she can look good. The theoretical £25 teapot would have been an actual present. The other things are basically embezzlement from your own family funds. This is not how presents are supposed to work.
Pffft your writing sucks not! Report the nasty one!
One way to take control of an out of control situation is to make plans. Worst first. What if he doesn't come back, or says he wants a divorce? This is hard but easy. Lawyer, property split, seek support from family, therapy, fill up the time doing nice things for yourself, work on your fitness, work on your career, take courses, something like that. However, I don't want to give false hope, but as this sounds like a crisis very much out of the ordinary for you two, think he will probably come back. The question is, how to you want to respond in that case? It sounds like his parents have horrible communication skills, and somehow they have normalized and weaponized this. In his family you arent allowed to say things because you will be punished, as you are seeing. It sounds like you know how to communicate like a normal human, but for validation, right at this moment, look up things like "healthy communication," "i-statements," and "non-violent communication." Next, it sounds like DH really, really needs therapy, but maybe the best way to accomplish this would be for you two to see a marriage counselor, and that person could help him see how destructive his parents' ways are. ETA: you say you already see a couple's counselor. How good do you think that person is at identifying problems and helping you communicate? Do you think they are up to this task, or could you do better? So know that this isn't about logic. It's about DH breaking the "rules." You and he questioned this setup. Over on JustNoSO, they may have some more good suggestions about handling this. This does sound like he is having a crisis over confronting something he never confronted before, because he doesn't have the words for what is going on, *because they didn't let him*.
Just general relationship advice--at this point, you should still take it slow and keep your finances separate. Many young people, especially young women, hobble themselves financially because their love brings out their inner Helpy McHelperson. After a while, they just end up drained. Does he have you around out of love, or because he needs financial, babysitting, and housework help? Don't answer that question--just hold it in your mind. P.S. Even if you were married to SO, legally, you would have zero legal or financial obligation to this child, and say as well. If BM and SO made a decision over SD you didn't agree with, no court would care. If in that scenario you divorced SO, you would never owe a dime of child support, nor would you be granted access to SD by a judge. I know that's just the legality, but it's easy to forget that you have no say over this child unless SO agrees. So think long and hard about the concept of responsibility and how it correlates with power. When somebody gives you a lot of responsibility over something, but you have no real power, that is a recipe for a lot of stress.
In the social movements of the 60s, many whites at the time were calling anyone, including MLK Jr., who ever objected to anything, as 'militant', even they were delivering a beautiful, eloquent oration to 100% dignified people wearing church clothes. It's tone policing on a national scale. If someone begs for their life, they are resisting arrest. If protestors peacefully block a highway, it's all about, "Yeah but they have no right to block traffic!" If protestors March, it becomes, "some people did this wrong thing, so every single person who objects to black people bring killed in cold blood is a criminal!" What are people supposed to do? Behave themselves, stay at home, write an eloquent, impassioned editorial? These are completely ignored or sniffed at, or people make up lies which they shout loudly enough to obfuscate what is actually an extremely clear issue, or thry harass the author mercilessly. For a racist, no matter what you say, you're saying it wrong. No matter how great someone's suffering, they deserved it because they're not perfect or because somebody who looks like them allegedly did something wrong once. For a racist, the people they hate are wrong by definition. It's exactly the same scapegoating that toxic family and abusers impose on their victims. It's a failure of moral reasoning. That they so frequently wave the Bible around to justify themselves only underscores that point. OP, I'm so sorry you have had to endure all of this evil. I sincerely hope you stay far away from your MIL, and keep any children far away as well. She doesn't deserve you.
She says she's Christian, but her theology fails her when she concerns herself about you eloping. If religion were truly her concern, then she should be satisfied that you are getting married at all. So, if she says she will never forgive you for eloping and that you're a "piece of shit" for doing so, sorry, you have a piece of shit mother. And I'm saying this as a mother. What a perfectly stupid thing to disown your child over. Her emotions are not your problem. If you are her only child to ever lo disappoint her, then everybody else must be cowed into submission. What a miserable concept of family she has. If you give in to this, then you will be giving in to her ideas for the rest of your life, which will only become more and more intolerable. If you are getting married, shouldn't your business be between you and your husband? You know how at the end of some weddings it is customary to say, "What God hath joined together, let not man put asunder." In Olde English that means no person. So if you let yuur mother dictate this, she will be all up in your cooch for the rest of yiur days. Your husband may not like finding that he married your mom instead of you. If you have kids, this will get even worse and she will undermine you before your own kids. I'm guessing you are probably terrified at the thought of displeasing or crossing your mother. Parents like that have their children well trained to live in terror of their disapproval. Society reinforces this, saying "but it's your mother!" and "you only have one mother!" and "family above all!" and all that. Also I'm sure you have been taught that you will shrivel up and die if your mother stops loving you. Well if she is seriously ready to disown you over not wearing a wedding dress, you never did have your mother's love. You had a control-obsessed narcissist who cares about how she appears. Swing on by /r/JustNoMIL. You'll make some new best friends there.
My stepdaughter and I are binging on Queer Eye.
Many times the children of narcissistic and self centered parents become the most wonderful, caring people. The trick is for us empaths to strike a little balance. It's funny, my latest binge when I need to escape All the Sad Things in the News is watching Queer Eye because they always talk about how taking care of yourself is part of taking care of others. I find it helpful.
OTOH, that sounds like a great premise for a webcomic, so you have that going for you which is nice.
Yeeeeaaahhh...so I've been mud wrestling with both Google drive and OneDrive for a week...boyfriend just got a new computer which is also storing things on iCloud...even more fun will ensue shortly.
Sorry, I have nothing helpful to say and I know this is an /r/unpopularopinion, but I love the little stinkers. It always sounds to me like they are shouting random words in English and Spanish which I find hilarious. "Swimming pool! Swimming pool! Swimming! Swimming swimming swimming dear! Dear dear dear dear dear Didi. Didi. Didi. Didi. Dime (Spanish). Dime. Dime. Beef. Beef, beef, beef, beef, beef, beefie, beefie, beefie ball, beefie, ball, ball ball OK, I now see that it makes no sense to enjoy this, but I love the thought of this adorable little person shouting random weird shit. Beats the hell out of fireworks, anyway.
He is making a choice. It is sad, it is hard, but he is 10 years older than you. Even if his family miraculously turned around and said, Nevermind, she is a lovely girl after all, he would still be a person who prioritizes them over you. If he is like this in his mid thirties, odds are, he is going to be like that forever. I know this is hard, and what makes it worse is that the pandemic makes it harder to do all the distracting stuff one would normally do to get over a breakup. So, assess what's going on with new cases in your area, read up what are relatively more or less risky activities (for example, wearing a face mask, maintaining a 6 ft/2 m distance, and doing things outdoors should keep you at a relatively low risk, but please heed the word of medical professionals, which I am not). Another thing you might consider is making or joining a quarantine bubble with friends who can be trusted to follow safer practices. Be kind and gentle to yourself, seek out support, and cut contact with him. Please give up the idea of making him see anything. Honestly, the last thing you need is to get back together with someone who will always choose to put you in second place. That is the recipe for a very painful life. As for the book, sell it or even give it away to a good home and call the money spent as tuition in the school of life. You bought it, so someone will buy it from you. If you keep it around, it will remind you of how you gave more than you got. Don't send it to him, either. You are done. Make it a clean break. That is the fastest way to get over him.
However, nothing would change the fact that this was a house he chose unilaterally.
But it's not MIL's property. It would have been appropriate to ask, "Is it ok if we decorate your door?" A more appropriate response would be have been to, say, send a text message or leave a card at their door or in their mailbox. However, if we take the whole thing in context of MIL harping on the ongoing "Never ever leave us everrrrr!!!!" theme, then it becomes creepy. My feeling is that she is trying to assert ownership over her daughter. Mark her territory as it were, on her daughter and partner's house.
Yeah, if it weren't for those meddling first 10 amendments.
There were two other outbreaks of even deadlier coronaviruses--SARS and MERS. No vaccines were developed for either one of those, so I'm wondering if there is ever going yo be a vaccine for COVID-19. If you read the headlines about the vaccines in development, they are all in the stages where most get weeded out. So I personally think we might never see a vaccine and that the pandemic will taper off once the virus weakens. However, I am not a doctor, so I may be full of shit. I hope I am.
Consult a lawyer about grandparents' rights in your state. Hopefully there is little risk since you are still a functional parent, but you should really make sure and tailor your next actions accordingly.
That is brilliant! That's so great to hear! I guess you'd need to make sure your father didn't find out about the transfer request and sabotage it. You should check out the workplace advice column [Ask a Manager](https://www.askamanager.org/) to see if any stories match your own, and for general awesomeness. You can also get some tips by reading the post history of /u/mypasswordisphil, who spent something like a year planning to escape from her abusive mother's house safely. Please keep us updated!
Yikes. Hate level elevated.
&gt; None of these articles is asking for more based on race. In fact, most of what I am seeing is that people just want the same. This is a great point. Racists often use this as the excuse to brand any demand for equality made ever as unreasonable for this exact reason. Source: Certain crazy Southern relatives. I know this is anecdotal, but it is my truth.
Here is a comprehensive list that goes in reverse order. https://www.factcheck.org/person/donald-trump/ All lies as of June 2, 2019: https://projects.thestar.com/donald-trump-fact-check/ The same reporter continues his work on CNN: https://www.cnn.com/profiles/daniel-dale President Trump made 19,127 false or misleading claims in 1,226 days https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2020/06/01/president-trump-made-19127-false-or-misleading-claims-1226-days/ A meta examination of Trump's lying trends: https://www.forbes.com/sites/davidmarkowitz/2020/05/05/trump-is-lying-more-than-ever-just-look-at-the-data/#2d08f3281e17 :
I want to mention The Atlantic as well, but it also has a pay wall. Good quality sources of news that are free woukd include news.bbc.co.uk and theguardian.com.
Sweetie. I say this with all love and sorrow. You do not have a partner. You have not had a partner for a long time. You are shut out from being a true partner, and *this is his choice*. You need to get out. Stop worrying about taking care of someone who doesn't care a fig about you. Stop letting yourself be abused. Stop letting your child be abused by exposing them to this nightmare life. Please hit your awesome friend up, get out, and get yourself some therapy, in that order. There is no fix for this situation. Your choices are, continue to allow yourself and your child to be abused, or get out. Here is a list of [14 Free and Low-Cost Mental Health Resources](https://captainawkward.com/2017/10/03/guest-post-14-free-and-low-cost-mental-health-resources/)
So, she's trying to buy a house close to you...that seems like the clear and present danger. You definitely need to set some boundaries in stone. How are these relatives? Would they act as flying monkeys?
We had downstairs neighbors from hell below us who would complain to the onsite manager that we were doing such things as running heavy machinery all night, dancing all night, or had an illegal tenant. Then the manager would tell the owner these things as if they were gospel truth. I actually had to write a letter to the owners denying these things. Break the lease and move. Once they have decided you are wrong by definition, they will do everything in their power to make yiur live pure hell.
I had that happen. The UPS fool signed for a package themselves. We had been sitting in the front room all day, so when they marked it as delivered, we knew damn well that the truck hadn't even gone down the street. We raised hell with the vendor and with UPS. Mysteriously, the package appeared on our stoop the next day.
You should be able to get a replacement birth certificate. Then you can apply to replace your Social Security card.
I wonder if Fucking Linda managed to get herself into a relationship. I hope you get to a place of relative peace in your divorce soon. That sounds so heartbreaking. Neither you nor your family deserves the drama. I'm so sorry to hear about your foster brother. What a nightmare. If you really feel like you want to do something, I guess you could write the powers that be in that city and demand that they forbid the police to do car chases, because bystanders getting maimed and killed is a predictable result. Police have plenty of ways to catch people who flee without indulging their action hero hard on.
Now bear in mind that I am in no way qualified to diagnose anybody, and even if I were trained in some way, I don't know your mother from a can of paint. I am merely throwing speculations around. My point is that there is a something driving this behavior, so hoping she will wake up and realize how much it is hurting you and how much better life could be for everybody is an exercise in futility. It would be more useful to focus on how to cope with the abusive behaviors and maintain your own sense of identity separate from your FOO (family of origin). Websites that help people escape abusive relationships, and the website Out of the FOG, will be quite helpful.
Oh My Fluffy Gerbil, please make a YouTube if you're up to it! I love you other videos. I found them quite eye opening because you are so awesome at cutting through the bullshit and explaining issues clearly.
Can you move most of the stuff while she is out of the house? Then you can stay at the new ace getting things sorted, and let DH stay back, get the last bits and pieces, clean up, *take pictures*, and either have the conversation or not, not your problem.
She can work out her money scene in court with her ex. But you have to get her out of the house before she establishes legal residency or you will be facing a complicated, months long legal process to get her out. 60 is not too old to get a job. Grocery stores are hiring. If she doesn't want to work, not your problem. If, as a functional adult, she fucked up her life situation, that is not your problem either. You know what is your problem? You have someone in your house who is a danger to your son, so much so that you cant leave him alone with her, a danger to you financially (lock your credit, please), and eventually, a danger to your marriage. You can prevent a world of hurt now, more easily, or much later, with expensive lawyers involved. You tell her to leave by next weekend and let her figure it out. She is an adult. Yes, throwing some money at her for a down-payment on an apartment is a great idea. However, do not be a co-signer, otherwise you end up paying her rent. Edited to add: it occurs to me that with her credit, she can't get an apartment. A room in a house, then. Or, you could pay for her to stay in a AirBnB for 30 days. That way, she is out of your house and has 30 days to figure her shit out. If she fails to do so, not your problem. Also, get her, and yourselves, in touch with DA--Debtor's Anonymous. It's like Alcoholics Anonymous, but for people who are addicted to debt, borrowing, and scamming due to entitlement and toxic pie-in-the-sky beliefs about money. Learn from my personal experience--she will bring your family down in debt and divorce if you do not set some hard limits, starting now. How do I know? My last marriage ended in debt and divorce due to ex's family with their hands out the entirety of our relationship, and myself with a scummy business partner. Don't be Ms. Nicey Nice Helpy McHelperson like I was. It made me feel powerful and fed my need, coming from my low self esteem, to prove that I was a Good Person After All. If DH absolutely cannot set limits with her, starting now, you may need to see a lawyer and figure out whether a separation would work in walling off your money from the list of family assets. Est to do that now, before your savings are $0. There are people in this world who believe in taking and taking and taking with no regard to what they do to the people around them. They often cloak their behavior in mystical woo-woo beliefs about abundance. Your MIL is one. My ex business partner was one. Even if you don't buy these beliefs, they are an excellent disarming tactic, a great way to camouflage that they are simply greedy, entitled financial predators.
Wow. Good for you for standing up! From my personal experience, people often get into this sort of situation due to low self esteem. Let's hope your DH sees the path you're showing him and gets himself some counseling.
Yes, that struck me. He is talking about his rights. His apology just says "I'm sorry" and that he acted stupid, but there was nothing specific indicating that he is willing to acknowledge or even understands what he did wrong. Then, he makes it even worse by saying MIL didn't mean it!?! Really? Because her actions are extremely consistent towards a single goal and there is nothing to indicate that she didnt mean it. In short, his comments amount to I want a thing, you are wrong to deny it, and OP is not allowed to be mad.
I'm thinking she married his mother in male form.
&gt; "I've always been physical during our relationship, that doesn't change because you have a girlfriend now." Ew ew ew ew ew ew ew ew ... I don't think you necessarily have to leave him, because he is young and not even out of her house yet. Even if her treatment of him is not normal, it is normal that he has never had a chance to reflect on her Jocasta behavior, because he has no basis for comparison, and also this is the first time she has escalated to this extent. The more he strives to be independent, the harder she will strive to prevent him. He needs to know that. He needs to prepare to become independent in every way possible, starting now, and without discussing it with her, because she will sabortage him. He needs to have his own bank account that her name is not on, preferably at a different bank just to be safe. If they have an account with both of their names on it, she has the legal right to withdraw every dime. He needs to get a job or two, earn as much money as possible, and save as much as possible. Whatever she is paying for, e.g. phone or car insurance, he needs to make his own account. He needs to change all passwords to all online accounts immediately. If the car is in her name, he needs to save for his own car, because she can forbid him to use it at any time.. Ideally, the long term goal is to get to the point where he can move out. He needs to put her on an information diet--she does not need to know about any of these actions until they are already done, and he does not need to listen to her yell at him. He can go to his room and lock the door. He should never JADE: Justify, Argue, Defend, or Explain. She will try to guilt trip him about leaving her "alone." Well she is an adult and as such is responsible for her living, money, and relationships with other people. If she has zero close friends or family, that is squarely her fault. No one is responsible for another person's emotional state. A child should never be their parent's emotional support animal. I suggest that your BF look up these concepts: enmeshment, covert incest, manipulation, and parentification. He should also look into getting himself some therapy from someone who is well versed in these concepts. To get him started, here is a list of [14 Free and Low-Cost Mental Health Resources](https://captainawkward.com/2017/10/03/guest-post-14-free-and-low-cost-mental-health-resources/). Again, his mother should ideally know nothing of any activity that involves him taking initiative to become independent of her. P.S. Since *you* are the one who wrote in, /u/ohyoushiksagoddess makes a vital point. You can talk it over and show him various resources, but please do not make fixing this guy your project. He needs to decide to work this stuff out on his own. You cannot take on the role Mommy 2.0, life coach, or therapist. Check in with yourself regularly. You are young, too, and your needs matter just as much as his. If at some point this relationship is not fun or is not meeting your needs, you can break up. It's ok. That will not destroy his life. It would not make you a horrible girlfriend or person.
if your name is not on the lease, you should be able to move out any time. I think you should do so.
Ayyyy what an exhausting exchange. It reminds me of getting a small child to complete some painful worksheet. Nagging level 7. What an absolute child. "I had to sneak behind your back and get my hair and nails done because you're so meeeeaaann and wouldn't have leeeet me, boo hoo!" But after the dog shit incident, and given the difficulty she seems to have with straightforward communication (i.e. not lying), not to mention her mobility issues, or her inability to open a door for a dog or pour some water into a plant pot at some point during a one week span, are you entirely sure you want her minding your 4-year-old? If DD were 6, yeah you can give most 6-year-olds some simple instructions, and have reasonable faith that they could refrain from any majorly terrible behavior for a couple of hours, but a 4-year-old? I just see too much that could go wrong.
Is she white? If so, she is actually punishing you for doing or wearing anything that isn't 100% "white." Then calling you n-?? she's a giant bigot. There is no excusing nor reforming a bigot. My mom grew up in Jim Crow era Deep South and managed to mature into a human being who despised prejudice. Civil rights legislation was getting passed in the mid 60s. In other words, when I was a preschooler. People who excuse bigots saying "oh they grew up that way" or "they're actually nice people" make me see absolute fucking red. There is no excuse for bigotry. None. DH should not be playing moderator, he should be playing a little game called, "Let's never inflict my bigot mother on my wife again." Please show DH this comment. If he wants to dm me he is welcome. for the record, I am a white, over privileged Karen demographic boomer with a couple of crazy ass unreconstructed southern cousins (and more sane ones). I would be thrilled to set him straight.
I mean, racism *is* dumb as fuck, so...
Yes, this. Child support, child support, child support, child support. How in God's name are you supposed to give sufficient attention to and homeschool these two, who are I guess about to hit puberty and are probably going to have massive issues once they have been out of survival mode long enough for their PTSD to start hitting? Because there's no way you can work with five children, two of whom are traumatized, two of whom are toddlers, and one a babe in arms. And your food bill...you had said it was $200 a month...what happens to that now that you have two starved tweens to feed up? I mean wow, my heart bleeds for them, but if it starts getting hard enough that the well being of your own children is compromised, you may have to consider the foster care system. I think you need to have some phone consults with as many lawyers as possible starting today.
Is it seriously a giant, amazing revelation to your mother that most North American women either have a terrible body image, or are living in fear of it? That this is a culture that expects women to have the body of a teenaged boy, but with huge tits? No, I didn't think so either. She is just being a mean girl, competing with her own daughter. She has no idea what she looked like 2 or 3 decades ago. Also, is it a big crazy surprise that a woman would place more weight on her mother's opinion than on other people's, because she is your mother? Is it new to her that it was a very brave move of you to post pictures of your pregnant body online? Is she that clueless of her own jealousy that you are fertile, or that you are getting more attention than her? Well since she chose to play the bitch game of tearing down her daughter at the moment she should be supporting her, then at least she has given you some important information going forward. She is angry, jealous, competitive, and when called out on her actions, instead of taking the chance to wake up and back up, doubles down. That means you now know that she is not a safe person for you to be around at your most emotionally and physically vulnerable moments. From now on, you fight for yourself. Baby is utterly physically dependent on you from conception until s/he is weaned. If you are well, baby os well and vice versa. For the love of your child, anyone or anything which does not contribute to your well bring needs to be as ruthlessly excised as a tumor. You owe your mother nothing, especially not now. She is the one who chose to conceive you. You, in turn, chose to conceive this child and carry him or her to term. If you owed your mom, that's looking backwards, and you are sacrificing the wellbeing of your own child. So, from now on, this is the bitch prize your mother has earned. She is to be put on restricted access to all social media. She is not to be anywhere near you before, during, or after the birth. She is neither hosting nor attending any baby shower or gender reveal, because you don't need to hear about how huge you are and how you're ready to pop and any of that triggering bullshit. She is sure as hell not going to be in the delivery room. It'sphysically dangerous to have a stressful presence around you when giving birth, as it causes a woman's body to shut down, delaying birth. She can hear about the baby being born at the same time as the other 400 people you have on Facebook, because she herself said her opinion is no more important than theirs. She is nowhere near you during the important mother and child bonding time of the fourth trimester, when your body is reeling from childbirth and your tits are hanging out all the time because you and baby are learning how breastfeeding works. Do you need to hear her nasty comments and innuendos about how your stomach is still big (it will be. That's what happens. You just grew a human being in there) or how your tits look weird. Did you know you can get mastitis from trying to jump back into a normal level of physical activity within the first 6 weeks after giving birth? Let me tell you. That shit *hurts*. Fortunately, it can be completely avoided by not having some body shaming bitch around. Did you know that post partum depression is more likely when a new mother feels like she has no support? Yet another reason to avoid Ms Beauty and the Bitch pageant winner here. Does your child need someone around who undermines their parent? If your child is a girl, does she ever need anyone around who teaches her to fear and despise her body? A child needs multiple loving adults. If a grandparemt does not fit that bill, then they do not need that grandparent just because they share DNA. So, for the sake of your child, please limit your contact with this woman very strictly. If she wants to play Mirror Mirror on the Wall, she can do so all by herself, like a good Disney villainess. That way she will have more time to work on her beauty, because as we all know, that is the only measure of value in a woman, certainly not growing and nurturing another human being. (/s)
&gt; are you maybe a teen pregnancy case? If she were, then the mom should be all the more gentle and respectful of her body image.
OMFG. Your husband deserves a six pack of a fancy beer, his favorite meal and Special Attention. Or I don't know what, whatever floats his battleship. It's so wholesome and sweet to hear about that kind of deep level support in a relationship. Especially with a mother like that. What would a normal mother have done? "Hmm, that's not a very flattering picture of this person I love. *deleting intensifies* Your mom: -- Look how hideous you are -- Make a blown up version of it -- Give it special treatment to emphasize it -- Order you to put it up prominently so you can remember, on an ongoing basis, how ugly you are (according to your mom) and how much your mom wants to grind that in on a continuous basis, and furthermore, since it's a present she did all fancy, you're supposed to be grateful for this act of hostility. Oh yeah, lest we forget, this is the winner who let your brother attempt to murder you and then kicked you out of the family home as punishment. I hate your mother. Please, never let your child anywhere near her again. She will either damage your child, or use her as a way to hurt you, perhaps by turning her against you, perhaps by letting your brother hurt or kill her and then blaming you.
I'm sending you an emergency shipment of 10,000 puppykitten snuggles.
Ok. So. You were previously living in a 37 m^2 (332 ft^2 for us 'Muricans) apartment with DH's deadbeat ass brother. Then he said he wanted "extended family living" which presumably would have included his parents and said deadbeat BIL. Meanwhile MIL had said that she was going to "make" you have babies. I am so freaking out for your sake atm. I suppose she wants you to freak out and leave. Honestly in your position I would be freaking out and leaving. This place is no longer safe. I guess MIL is going to deny or be like, "I didn't do it but if I did it iz hilarious huur hurr." Is there anyone else on whose couch you can crash? I recommend that you go to wherever you can that has a job and apply, or, you know ow what, get a student loan, get into a school, and finish your education. Something that allows you to make enough money that you don't have to rely on a man who may or may not be on your side. And then DH can either follow you or not. If not, buh bye Kevin. P.S. You are legally entitled to half of all assets acquired during marriage. Well, you can withdraw some money and pay for a few days of an extended stay or AirBnB while waiting to see how DH treats this incident. If he downplays it, makes excuses, says you're overreacting, or says "She's just that way," then withdraw half of the money in your checking and savings and gtfo. BTW, You were smart not to give her a big lovely drama to enjoy. Just quietly GTFO.
Yeah, I'm on one coast and everyone I know is near a coasts or a major city. Nowhere that I know of is experiencing any shortages.
If DH and you sit down with a pencil and paper, you two can probably do a decent job of predictingwhat they're going to pull. Hell, I dont even know these people from a can of paint, and this is what I came up with. How'd I do? --You're tearing this family apart. Come over because we must have a conference about it. --Your mother had a heart attack and she's in X hospital and we're all rushing over there. --We cooked your special meal for you because we love you. --Someone had a thing happen to their car and you must go to X place *right now* and save them and bring them home. --Something in the house broke and you have to come over *right now* and fix it. So you and DH should make this list as long and exhaustive as possible, and then write down what would happen if you responded, how how you ideally would want to respond. It's not like they're just going to quietly move out and be like, oh, I guess they deserve their independence.
I'm so sorry. You are absolutely right, and nobody has the right to tell you how to process your own trauma. But the most important thing is that I truly do believe that you are utterly blameless in this situation. The person who deserves 100% of the blame is your ex. I wish you peace, love, and support.
It's always like that with abusive people and systems. Accuse your scapegoat of what you are doing.
Normally I'm not a fan of JADEing, but in this case, boundary setting, changing the subject, and leaving the room are not working. Tell her that you had a hysterectomy and there is zero possibility of ever having children and you are not open to discussing this. At the same time, contact extended family and tell them the same thing. Limit your contact to phone calls. Hang up every single time she starts whining about babies. Warn her the first couple of times, and from then on just hang up. Whether or not you visit at all depends on whether she gets the message. Again, you can tell her so. If you do visit, get up and leave the instant babies are mentioned. If she claims she can't help it, then say, in that case, we won't be talking or visiting much. It's up to you. And stay tough! That way, if you do conceive, you can spend most (hopefully all) of your pregnancy in peace and privacy.
