Awwww
Man I'm so high right now *tokes hard*
stupid ugly beard.
But then kitty wouldn't be snuggly in the blankey. Wish my cat liked having his head covered but he doesn't. Loves snuggly in blankies tho. He just a domestic shorthair.
I agree with you. I'm a native NC but there's so much that can go wrong on icy and snowy roads if people aren't careful, and they aren't here. Last snowfall in Dec in my county, I had a migraine (and hadn't slept but 4 hours so I didn't feel comfortable driving) so I had my dad take me to and pick me up from work. On the way home, it was snowing hard and 3 separate times we almost wrecked because of other people driving recklessly. Also, not NC but I was in college in Savannah Ga and they had less than a quarter inch of snow one night (it was gone the next day, no class cancellations or anything! damn) and all I heard in the dorm was sirens of wrecks an shit. My roommate and I (native Kentucky girl) were in awe.
They did that in the AV! It was neat.
Was in this AV with you guys last night, made a dwarf on ED so I can join you. I admit I sounded skeptical at the start but was so impressed with you very quickly! &lt; Bearfist /salute!
evolution doesn't work like that?
Ohai Losgringosfromlow
&gt; drilling for oil off coast Arctic drilling is what Merkowski wanted in the tax bill so its not just him.
I think there might be a couple others that could, but Cali would definitely have the easiest time of it.
&gt; Kelly’anne Thuzad SOMEONE DRAW THIS I could but I'm not quite so good. Also: Bannon is totally Rotface or Festergut.
I'd make it the forward or whatever. That'd be amazing.
I wanna be a mother forking Dragon!
What we do in the shadows is a mocumentary about vampires.
I wouldn't go that far, but the breed standard should be changed and then the breeders would change what they're breeding to. Or, more favorably for the dogs in the future, CROSS BREED just a little bit to get the slightly taller and longer snouted pugs of yesteryear.
weeble wobble but not fall down
w0w
I mean, if it'd of been my mom taking care of him, she'd of rolled her eyes and kept working. Its her answer to nearly every piece of sexual harassment news that comes out (much to my irritation).
Its frustrating to try and talk to her about. Its like, because she's experienced stuff and it doesn't bother her or she's internalized it so much, she thinks everyone else should be like that. Doubly frustrating because I've been sexually assaulted but I've never told her because of this.
Homes are sketchy places. Our county has a bad one, a friend was an employee and had all kinds of horror stories. My best friend's grandfather went to the place and didn't last long. My sister ended up in the group home system of the county but got kicked out of it because she was in the hospital (again, because of negligence - they didn't turn her or get her up enough because she's not ambilatory). She finally (after 2 more homes in a year and a kidney removal) got into a good place 3 hours away. I don't know what it is, but people in those jobs are either shitty people or completely overworked. We had home health at our house at one point, and stopped because one of them stole my dad's narcotics.
Oh man, hand making cat5 is fun the first time or two.... but not after that lol
My friends have one, yes, she IS a very sad looking dog all the time, even though she's spoiled and happy.
what are we, democratic socialists here?
&gt; I want my children to share my religious beliefs but I will leave it to my wife and my parish to address this Y u not help too? Otherwise good post. Religion/spiritual practices should be at home and at the place of worship, nowhere else.
Yea, you guys made those irritating scissors I had to use in grade school that hurt my tiny hands and didn't cut correctly because they were backwards for me! Source: am left handed
Its all good! I just know some fathers/parents are content to just let one parent do all the child stuff and that's just wrong to me. Glad you aren't like that!
Be a tank shaman that fights with muh smashy board and throws rocks. Like half bear half tankadin but ya know, unique unto itself. That sounds amazing.
He do look short and he got a big head.
homes are terrible places unless you can afford the decent ones or are lucky enough to find a good place that's run by the state. I'll take care of my parents like they took care of me (and my handicapped sister).
Awwww. Tiny documentary on a tiny cat :3
&gt; That brings back memories of late nights, too much Mountain Dew, and staying up all night playing wow til I had to go to school I work at a college, still play wow. Some nights, this is still me. Not sure if living the dream or not, lol.
[Article](https://www.reuters.com/investigates/special-report/usa-lead-testing/)
&gt; His handlers likely shield him from reality. Along with his twisted view of reality to begin with, any mental illness he has, and whatever other factors keep his addled brain from seeing reality like some of the rest of us.
I get this as well from everyone/where but closest friends. Sucks. At least my parents and aunt n uncle I'm closest to are coming around to being more sympathetic to my views.
I'm single, childless and barely above the poverty line. Why are you going to tax me more, asshat?
God that upset me to read. Partly because god damn, I'm upset for you. But also because its like my childhood but cranked to 20 if you assume mine was at 11.
I have my kitty baby. He's 14.
What with his money and lack of soul crushing bills and no double refinanced house and shit.
[Tax Cuts and Jobs Act Will Cost $1.5 Trillion](http://www.crfb.org/blogs/tax-cut-and-jobs-act-will-cost-15-trillion) Historically, the economy has done best when the people that make the most money, pay the most taxes (which also just makes logical sense).
Its really sad because the more these things erode, the worse its going to get and the more costly and time consuming to fix.
&gt; Sebastian was pretty terrifying because one minute he seems meek and the next he's an asshole abuser. Wanted to watch movie, not sure if want to now. Love Seabass, not sure I want to see him be scary. I really like the depth I've seen him portray in some areas (Winter Soldier/Bucky has a lot!) but an irl abuser type... Aw hell, it sounds like a good movie and I'll probably watch it anyway.
&gt; The dirty south Your statements are true everywhere, not just the 'dirty' south. Its not just one geographical area. Or did you forget what the election map looked like? [Map](https://www.270towin.com/historical-presidential-elections/timeline/margin-of-victory/maps/2016_mov.png)
I'm tellin ya, Trump-shithole presidency biopic starring Tommy Weisau. Everything else is serious and really prepped, but let Tommy just be himself with a blonde wig, blue suit, and a little orange make up. Best Comedy-Drama of current year.
Anyone working the consulates gotta be a certain kind of person it seems. My former boss was the head of IT for the consulate in Crimea before that uh.. ya know... went to pot. And he had worked in that capacity in the state department for other consulates as well. Many consulates were able to hear the distress calls in Benghazi and hearing him talk about that was tough. That's what he said, anyway.
I see Room, I upvote. Also, what are things D might say about JK?
That's what I meant, sorry. Will amend.
To some people yellow means slow down before you stop, to others it means decide between stopping now or speeding the hell up before you see the red light.
&gt; They even said they will have to completely redo the female worgens apparently. I can't wait Yes. I still mourn the passing of Alpha Fem Worgen.
&gt; rocks can't swim; no swim form. no swim, just roll on ocean beds.
I love r/wow for the fun memes, the discussions and jokes, the lore and many other things. Also, I was in a cool screenshot about dwarves (but I was a sneaky moonkin!) Love playing wow even if I have criticisms. I just want good things for the game. Excited for allied races even if a little dissapointed in glowbug goats and how the Nightborn are traitor divas.
Hospital procedures. My mom used to work in a hospital, a new doctor called for a certain scan a lot more than everyone else did. So the board decided to increase the base cost from 200$ to 1200$.
&gt; Even Rangers are almost as big as F-150 My older ranger isn't so big. But yea, modern ones are so big and stupid now. My ol' Trucky is lil an not shiney an new but he work and carry. Beat up on the back tho because the hay guy wasn't paying attention with his big claw machine putting it in and bent my friggen bed and tailgate = =
That wreath pic is too cute. I your baby :D
My condolences : / such bullshit. I have specific feelings on Pearson and the like.
Thor Ragnarok had the older, heavy set lady that was basically Jeff Goldblum's right hand scary person and she is ..... (forgive my use of Cards Against Humanity parlance) some sort of Asian.
in Wow, I took my best pokemans, and I beat the living shit outta a little girls pokemans. Repeatedly. And she cried. Actually you get to do this to many children as a grown adult.
Look at him, acting like the rest of us ever could to begin with.
My first thought is how lol worthy a blueberry demon glyph would be. Then how badass the .... big rock guy would be. Yea, my recollection of demon names is bad, sorry : /
Maybe those folks need it the most, eh?
Hindu Cowboy Hooker Bobcat is an amazing phrase. Someone make a comic, stat.
I know its probably a PR stunt but it explains Net Neutrality really well to anyone that doesn't understand. I like it. Also, the king and the stupid mug is great. As always-- Fuck Ajit Pai.
God, our mage used to only do this every once in a while. So we'd forget, then bam! splat. Except druids ;)
The part I thought the MOST insulting was tossing the Mim's head 'toy' on top of Sparkle Pony's grave. Like.... make me sell the one and let the other babysit a dead mount? REALLY BLIZZARD? ...... I chuckled through my frown.
One tip for feral one, since I did it a couple days ago. Make sure you keep balance affinity for +range, it made a huge difference. Also take the bloody swipes talent, I think it is. Spam aoe when imps up and single target them if you have to but hopefully that can take them out.
That'd be hilarious. Barney is like a classier The Todd. 'Excellent comment high five!' /whoootash
Yes, thanks to the GOP my state is no longer a democracy.
Hillsboro I believe?
So....uh..... what about your Tshirt?
One time a DM was trying so hard to force us to head out of town before we were ready to. So.... of course, we screwed around town and did things like: invent hamburgers and pizza and set up a stand to sell them bathed the barbarian in the public fountain (That was me!) Go hunting for new pizza and burger ingredients Start a fair come up with a new business plan to make a fortune with our new inventions We just refused to be led by his hokey railroading, and he eventually just destroyed the town to drive us along.
Neat! Nice graphic Ts with good memories attached are the best :3
I have run out of so many can and can't evens that I can't keep up anymore.
I've been playing my ret moo and nelf drood pretty steadily lately but haven't had a legen drop in ages. Do first leg of lfr Argus last night and get the ret cape off of the first boss! I dunno if its great but it seems pretty good to me, and is a big upgrade regardless.
Sweet! Thanks :3
I'm 32 and regularly have existential panic attacks/depression.
&gt; Pancreatic cancer Fucking sucks. Killed both of my grandmothers.
I didn't notice mine until I read this thread. THANKS GUYS. now its all I can notice over my youtube vid.
DONT YOU PUT THAT ON US RICKY BOBBY *twitching nervously*
I'm so excited for the squish faced long haired cat :3
Tigers are known to love water, some cats naturally like it. My brother's white cat (brother to my white cat) loves water on his terms. He likes it dripped on his face from the faucet but lord no, don't give him a bath. My cat, on the other paw, doesn't even like going near a running faucet, and he's the litter mate to the other cat.
Oh that's not bad at all! I hope so too, now gotta wait for the send off and ect. Thanks &lt;3
Fuck Art Pope /spits
oh no bathing them is fine I'm just saying too much is not good for the skin either. Gotta figure out a happy medium.
Nicely written, even for someone who doesn't prescribe to the writer's views. One of them is William Barber, known in NC for Moral Monday protests and seems like a good man. I think they explain the religious ties of our quagmire here pretty well.
People are extremely particular about that word, man. Very. Particular.
&gt; brodozer. Love this one. Borrowing.
No Steven, you can't keep that in the house!
What kinda warrior are ye, that ye need the rock? ;)
What about... a long stick?
I can't tell what that is so I'd make that face too.
A lot of women have some kind of vaginal tearing when they give birth. I'm not even kidding. Am female, do not intend to shove living beings out of my whooha.
Given their origins, it makes sense to me.
The Horde isn't weak, they are different. I disagree with some members of the Horde but Baine and his father I have always liked and respected greatly.
Yea, bosses feel fine but trash takes for fucking ever : /
Heroes can duel class we can't XD That's how I look at it. They can call Anduin a priest all day if they want, I know a priest/pally when I see one.
One thing no one is mentioning also is the gold cap changed from 999k to 9.999m per char. So the premiumly priced items like Spectral tigers n what not go that high, and normal things also inflate. And yes, making gold also got easier. Relatively. Not everyone is rich but 1k now versus Wrath versus Vanilla are so vastly different.
She's very lucky.
Sir, there's nothing more manly than admitting your feelings like cuteness n such things. No manly gatekeeping around here.
I agree with you completely. Just odd I suppose that one position has been filled strictly by one party for its entirety.
The thing is, I don't want anybody else' life. I don't even want mine. Not being in debt, being able to get the medical care I affordably and feeling like living on this miserable rock matters would be what I would like. Or to fall over dead painlessly.
Its not about 'an old white hetero woman lost an election.' good fucking god. Its about the erosion and destruction of our democracy and ... you don't fucking care about this country. Whatever.
Ya know what, at some point you cut out the infection or die. You go die, I'm more for cutting out the infection.
49k is the population of the city in my county plus the rest of the county. And he calls it not a big town @___@
they also need another nutrient (I can't recall the name of) that's vital for their vision that is only found in bones and the like. Canned tuna and meat only doens't contain it. But cat food does.
Yes, its been said other places before. Once you unlock the heritage armor by leveling the ol' fashion way, it gets unlocked for all members of that race you play.
*shakes with excitement, then depression because I don't get paid until tomorrow and I can't afford the pre order today*
Change the date to July 2, 1945 once or twice a week. On every PC across the world. Buahahaha.
&gt; "it works fine but I don't like it" calls. NOOOOoooooOOoooOoooOoooOooOooOooo000000000
Sounds like ravasaur form might be a glyph, I'm pretty sure they've said no custom forms for Zandalari druids(aside from travel like Highmountain/trolls with eagle/bat/moose) and Highmountain didn't get like a ... something different form.
That'd be badass man. I was talking with my pal yesterday, stuff like snakes should be mounts n forms n whatever.
&gt; Anchor Babies This is a true phenomena though. Just that its rich Russians doing it. In Trump Hotels. Whoops.
Who's enjoying what success? I'm not richer. Where's my magical money that other people seem to be getting?
&gt; turtle fuckface. This is going to be a tangent, but I think Colbert and his writers/animators must lurk here. He has an animated show coming on showtime about Trump and Co. and McConnell has a mouth like a turtle.
Yea that's where I saw it lol
Tit is funny to be, booby not so much unless you say the whole thing: 'blue footed booby!' I'm just not a boob person /shrug
Trump: Tommy Wiseau (just put him in the suit and a wig, no fat suit) Melania: Sophia Vigara Jeff Sessions: Andy Serkes, mocap. (Sessions will be an uncanny valley CGI creature) Sarah Huckabee Sanders: Melissa McCarthy Spicer: Melissa McCarthy (You may think I'm making a comedy film, but no, its perfectly serious.... ) Mueller: Leslie Nielsen (this one is based on looks only) Stephen Miller: Zack Braff Kellyanne Conway: Kathy Griffin
I totally forgot he's dead. Also Mueller is a register republican and so I/was? Comey so /shrug.
He's so wrong. Common sense and a little thinking would tell you that. A woman's body changes from having kids. Little kids take time and energy all the time. You loose a part of yourself and a lot of money and listen to the same things all the time. I'd say don't listen to him but sounds like its too late for you :s
Hell naw. Don't those uncultured swine understand science? You need HOT WATER to turned that sugar and tea leaves into that delicious mixture... The *only* exception is if you have simple syrup and unsweetened tea. That can work quite well. Otherwise, get thee away sugar packets!!!!
You didn't mention how good the mattress feels. My parents got this memory foam, firm, thing with adjustable head and foot and it vibrates. Thing is a monster and feels amazing. Can't remember how much it was but comfy af.
My Dad: 'Poor Will'
smh I hate the nasty rat-gops in our state legislature.
Man, screw people that think like that. I was a c-section baby because the cord was wrapped around my neck an I was dying in there. And my mom's been a parent to a special needs kid for 34 years. And we're currently having the most difficult time of our lives because she's in the ICU, and if she makes it through this, the next time she gets sick she'll die. My parents had to make DNR choices 4 days ago. *puts on irony goggles* My mom's more a real mom than some tart that does what nature's done for a million billion years and pushed a fleshy lump out her snatch.
shhhhhhh don't get it taken away mate.
I won't ride with people that do that, and I refuse to drive after drinking. You aren't a buzzkill to me, or the people I hang with. You're a lifesaver.
*puffs up chest* I have overcome evolution! I aim to not reproduce or help anybody else with theirs! *realizes I pay taxes*.... crap.
are we acknowledging the Christmas special or not?
If another catastrophic caldera-forming Yellowstone eruption were to occur, it quite likely would alter global weather patterns and have enormous effects on human activity, especially agricultural production, for many years. In fact, the relatively small 1991 eruption of Mt. Pinatubo in the Philippines was shown to have temporarily, yet measurably, changed global temperatures. Scientists, however, at this time do not have the predictive ability to determine specific consequences or durations of possible global impacts from such large eruptions. ^ That's from your source.
At this point I just like bringing it up lol.
That's neat! If its not a lot of trouble, that'd be neat to see. I was just tellin the other guy his link even said it'd be world altering if yellowstone went up.
I ain't got more money in my pockets, shrimpy.
&gt; SCOTUS told them to get fucked on that point. I'm glad they didn't sanction the lawyers. That would have been a bad sign for sure.
that's a gorgeous place!
I'm both but not superly on Star Wars lol
Fair, I just added that under the assumption of competing in a beauty contest and being judged on the beauty standards of a woman *shrug*
Well yea, that part is more complicated lol
&gt; The spider's legs collapse, as do the ant's. Make them big enough, their bodies will crush themselves under their weight. This is why horses and other large critters can't lay down long. If they stay down too long, their own weight crushes their internal organs under them.
WELL I DETEST YOU TOO LEVITICUS
Aw there's even a bowl of salad crunchies to go with it! Such a cute, loud salad!
Hi from /all Haven't played fornite (yet, suck at shooter types lol) but these are so well made! Love the llama? (so say the comments? Looks like demented pony to me but I'll believe them) Its so cute but ready to take out enemies. OP, can we all be your kids on this blessed day? :D
Zodiac Killer is his stage name.
care to explain how Cool Ranch is wrong?
Ah you must mean the bibble
oh! My bad then. Sometimes its really hard to pick up subtle sarcasm from otherwise authentic posts anymore. In my defense, I'm having a bad month.
actually, the people that want their limbs cut off or to be blinded are happier once they are actually disabled. Some have gotten surgery so that its done in a safe way to ensure the patient doesn't do more harm to themselves in the long run.
Originally, marriage was simply a contract between two families. A social contract, if you will. Love and religion had little to do with it until later. As least as far as the Western idea of it goes.
That's why I am more excited when my fav song comes on the radio, because its unexpected
[Um this classic](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xDV_reO930A)
I don't think your wrong at all, but each tribe has different rules for what counts as 'enough' to be counted on the rolls.
Mmmmmhm!Yea right.... Chris Evan's facial hair! Just convince him to never do that 'stache agian, mkay? That thing freaks me out.
Those that get dusted will return, we know that. Dusting is diff than if she got killed by Thanos on the refugee ship.
"Be quiet dwarf, no one wants to talk to you!"
True, but teleporting powers do help!
everybody should have a shorter work week. Isn't it like 30 hours is the optimum work week anyway? I mean, I'm stressed and burned out as hell right now but I'm taking care of a household that's too much for me and my sister was dying last week.... the situation is barely better but I'm just living day to day right now.
I really appreciate you and everyone else's kind words. I've been talking to and gaming when I can with friends I haven't spent much time with lately and my best friend is helping me some.
Same. Just keep swimming, right?
&gt; If this happened right now, it would be the current administration. Yes and? They literally are, and peddle, fake news. People need to be protected from their lies. And those of other peddlers of their lies and liars like them. Nothing drastic, but some basic things to empower the consumer *supposed consumer you may say* instead of the data brokers and bots.
Get off your high horse. People like dreamers should be given a shot. Someone who is gonna participate in a drive-by shooting? Can get f'd and an express ticket back to wherever home is. We want good immigrants, ones who aren't going to be good citizens can be gone.
No but stopping visa abuse would stop more than boarder protection. So it seems like the more logical place to start.
well now I know what subreddit I"m looking at later. I don't even play tabletop games but I think making that sorta stuff is super cool and a neat artform in and of itself.
I'm not a Napoleon, or a small tyrant I am assuming T__T I just wanna know and I am not so sure about goggle translate
Scuse me but Betty White and the Queen are immortal sir.
His story is an important message. When you're out of prison, your time is over and society should stop punishing you for it. I'm glad he was able to be successful and gives back to the world the goodness he has attained en mass. I hope your able to stay stable and find opportunities with people and places that are willing to see past your past to who you are now. Also I wish laws would change about how we handle drugs but that's slow going.... hell we don't have weed universally accepted yet :c
Tony would have wanted it. He stood up for people and just wanted people to enjoy one another’s cultures and food without being dicks.
&gt; I am incorrect, it does allow for up to six months imprisonment And many have been held longer than that without record I'm willing to bet.
now that's some 1984 ...... oh... ..... you were talking about the book and not the year '84 in NK. ...... I'm not all here today....
&gt; while you binge-watch the entire MCU! well, not in one Squirt day lol ;)
doesn't he also basically dislike the American stuff.
Pickle Rick. OP with one move that's hard to master but otherwise just poses and says "I'm pickle RICK!"
FEED ME
Crap. I'm a plane crash survivor on a 'deserted' island trying not to die against cannibals.
I had to upvote one and do nothing the other even though I wanted to : /
gonna go with woodchuck/groundhog. Its cute. David ain't half bad either.
aw that's a cute oinker :3
just want to plant my face in that floofy belly. Glorious
Pretty sure by now the decent people working there are gone an its filled with crazy, bad folks who get off on this sort of stuff.
NC general assembly is Republican controlled and the budget that contained this was drafted in secret, no amendments allowed and basically no time to read before voting. And they overwrote the governors veto. Who is a Dem. I don’t know what their angle is aside from votes in an election year. I am glad for the raise. I’m still voting straight dem.
There was no working with Dems. They wrote budget in secret, disallowed amendments and forced fast vote. Dem gov vetoed but overruled.
Your right but Lee himself didn’t want statues erected. Well. Um. I just wanted to say that.
Seems like in the moment he was dumbfounded, then was like 'well, aight, when life gives you caviar...'
Help! Signed, NC Re- gerrymandering
Reality and truth have a liberal bias. So yea. Your in the bubble buddy.
No your comment is just a nothing brick in a nothing wall.
Thank you for the giggle I needed so so badly
You stop that.
Its because the kid hasn't worn you down to show your age yet ;) But ditching the ring will probably save you from their growing and your pain.
Bring our 3 boys and that helicopter home Mr. Cooper!
That’d be Gallavant good sir. I put down some blueberries to lure you to my house.
Ah, my reason for taking a job too. Why can't we have 3 money and no work?
and sideshows.
&gt; You guys remember Superturkeys that were literally immune to Rexes? Yeah. *shudders*
how about - bear with me -- we nix gendered bathrooms and just have unisex ones? Solves a lot of problems. If its for everybody, nobody can have a problem!!!
Am I wrong or is this how we get skynet?
Gays don't want to bother other people, their beliefs don't intrude on others so they're fine. Nazis want to kill/ethnic cleanse swaths of other people for existing. That's incompatible with tolerance. Unlike the gays. That's the difference.
I'm not sure you get it. I'm not glossing your point. Tolerance of gays is fine in this quote context because they aren't actively trying to hurt anybody. Nazi's want to infringe on the right to live of other people. Thus they can't be tolerated or else their beliefs will result in other people being hurt. Tolerating gays just means sodomy, eating out, rainbows and YAS.
I live in District 6; I'm infuriated by this kicking the can down the road bullshit. Damn [Gerrymander](https://www.trbimg.com/img-51126f70/turbine/la-na-tt-republicans-gerrymander-20130205-001/600/600x459) needs to be defeated here.
&gt; They went to Duke and were involved in politics on campus. Ah the 'ol boys club you say?
LoOk now
Zoos, animal rescues, other places.
Coulson will stop him.
That hand holding picture is too cute.
&gt; In this formulation, I do not imply, for instance, that we should always suppress the utterance of intolerant philosophies; as long as we can counter them by rational argument and keep them in check by public opinion, suppression would certainly be unwise. Well, Trump is president so public opinion didn't work. The person who thinks abortion is murder isn't informed that legal and safe abortions coupled with easily accessible contraceptives leads to the lowest abortion rate. Or they are indoctrinated people who need some deprogramming or otherwise are too prone to emotional thinking only. Or they just want to control other people. Also bombing clinics is stupid because that hurts productive members of society for what... the IDEA of possible people?
Chickens = velociraptors in my mind. I know they closer kin to T. Rex, but the way they act makes me think of raptors for sure. . .
oh ok. I feel like I always get that confused lol.
No. But I'm a foolish idealist, and would also be a benevolent dictator.
I'm already there and I'm only 33 man. I have no delusions of living to retirement and rest in old age. I'm not sure I'm gonna be past 40.
For America citizens? No, for those bought by influence of wealthy elites and non American interests? Sure, there's an endgame. And we won't like it.
&gt; ferrier Hey they're still a thing. Hard work, pays well, plenty of horses in my area. Ours doesn't get shod just trimmed and its 40$.
See, that's why I'd use a bunch of pills. Not that I care about a pretty corpse, but less painful and messy. Mix with booze for maximum peace out ness. Also bless Neuro ICUs.
&gt; AARP They don't like trump and his policies. We get the magazine and they tell folks about the shit going on somewhat and how he's bad for retirements. Least last I was looking at it, it was.
&gt; Trump: The Game Ha ha he lost.
&gt;At the end of the rally, the elderly woman who used my chair thanked me and shook my hand. Then she just held my hand for a few moments, paused and said to me: "I hope you're going to be OK." The whole thing bothered me but that was the eeriest part. Old lady that kept yelling out though needed a muzzle.
Her actions are adorable and she's very cute. I'd play fetch with her as long as she wanted to as well! Grats on a little cat-dog :D
Like... I'd pay 5$ to see that happen with Tommy and this Congress. Pay per view please. Just 30 mins of this and their dumbfounded reactions to Tommy.
Fat people die sooner, healthy people live a long time and die of debilitating, drawn out things like cancer later in life. Fat people costing more is a fallacy. /the more you know star flies by lazily
Everyone could be helped if America stopped being for corporations and started being for the people. Everyone could have healthcare and be cared for and have the help they need. And it'd cost similar to what the budget is now.
And by gosh, I like it.
Me not that kind of orc!
There's a game that loves ludafisk for some reason. Lutefisk I think is how it spells it. Name escapes me atm. Random dungeon runner. Funny humor. Having seeing it on TV, not my jam. I think its lye it's soaked in? Can't recall. But yeaa......... the texture alone makes me ugh based on look. I can't imagine the taste.
Well, ya'll heard it here. God is a racist, white supremacists. So we can't have that in the government at all. *nods slowly*
skip drinking just inject in veins and hope for a blackout man.
[Jump in my Car!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dm7jEA3frY4)
If he goes dictator, the second amendment isn't saving anyone with the military and his gestapo, I mean, ICE at his command.
DC for congress yea as you said but not as a state as I've seen some suggest. It should have representation because its taxed, but its basically a large and neutral city in terms of state politics and since the hub of federal government would be best to remain a non state entity.
...... my family already has one *laughs and cries*
: / I wish you had your friends back too man. Not the same but it changed my brother....
I thank you for civilized words sir.
thanks for that, that was awesome.
holy crap yea. Poppin' for the hard hittin' news, the rest for the softer, humorous side of things.
He went to Iraq and Afghanistan for 3 tours total, and a brief stint in Jordan not long after 9/11 itself. PSTD, major paranoia. Just some things feel weird, like one time one of the kid's socks had fallen out of the car when they got out somewhere and they found it on the ground when they got back so he had to stand them away from the car and clear it because he was afraid it had been tampered with or something? And he's always taking his handgun to check things outside, but he lives in the country where he knows his neighbors and there's not really any dangerous animals around and no history of violence/trouble.
I think they wanna sell so.... I mean... its at the beach!
That looks like a portal to nope town.
He was already in the military, he joined up in... like.... mid 90s and chose it as his career. Before all that he had been in the color guard in DC, Panama, S Korea x 2, and stationed in Kentucky.
Food is always important, imo. Here in the south, when someone passes away, people start showing up with food. Usually fried chicken......
These situations are why it needs to be rolled out asap. I know enough about this stuff to know its not easy/fast/cheap but some things are just worth the money anyway, regardless of what some folks would argue. Dunno what part of 911 you work for but thanks for it
That's the beauty of reddit, any thread can take an unexpected turn... like nineteen ninty eight when the Undertaker threw Mankind... ahh I don't remember the rest lol
Too bad the Russians are getting free passes. Womp womp. We'd be better off leaving the Latin folk alone and going after the damn Russian anchor babies.
I got you, thanks. Didn't catch that.
Your piece is beautiful and it sorta reminds me of the dragon series where they horde random things. Love your character names as well! Reminds me of a kobold sorcerer I once played who had a faithful sheepdog named Bentley 😌
Yea. The event with the sock just broke my heart to see the mental trauma on display like that.
I'm weird then. My core is lower than normal lol.
or a Tshirt. Would be a good fundraiser for a charity.
they kill all the small critters around, and kill for funzies not food. My cat eats like a pig indoors but it took eye cancer to convince my family to stop letting his ass outside. Before his ban on going, he'd kill birds, lizards, snakes, baby bunnies, mice, voles, in his outdoor career.
My black cat used to do that! well except the smile part. But he'd swat at me and bite me very gently but it'd look like he was going for blood lol. He was so good about not using his claws on me.
real fake pro wrasslin?
Colonel-Major!
or it could be: Ross: *whatever noise a pile of dust makes*
I followed those 3 rules, actually I have a BFA. Don't do crime. Never gonna be pregnant if I can help it. Am working poor.
How is inheriting a pile of money hard work? Generational wealth is what's a plague here, very few people started at nothing and became *the monied elite*. Its more common that they started middle upper class/lower upper class and went up from there. Look at Trump. Small loan of a million dollars to start his 'empire' of shit? how's that hard work?
3, 3 no votes, woooo hoo!
My cat lays on my desk a lot, I love when his tail curls around my wrist.
The estate tax only really kicks in for larger amounts of money, contrary to popular belief. And yes, yes it should. There's ways to spend that money on your kids before you die, for one, and for two, as I mentioned, dynastic wealth is a legitimate problem. Its creating another rise of a group of wealthy elite that want to run things their way and are heavily divorced from the reality of the average person. The Kochs and Mercers, among others. Shit, one of the two families owes a ridiculous amount of back taxes but the IRS can't afford to go after them.
*Hits shadow-meld and puts stupid costume back on*
That happened to me! Fragment of a fox jaw. Tooth/teeth punctured the rubber, lol.
Tahiti sucks!
Agreed. But also: makes for a completely hilarious scene.
Well I'm friends with someone who works at a hotel he stayed at and she said he was cool. /shrug.
Poor baby looks scared lol. If its any consolation, my two guys were curious about the tree the first two years, then were content to lay under it since then. One has passed away but my white one is 14.5 and still just likes to lay under it to bask in the smelly smell of the live tree and the colorful lights.
I don't think they made it that far. Just facebook. Google will steal yo data, but you can learn things like... vaccines don't cause autism. Facebook will just keep telling you they do :s
downloading ROMs for old games. Backing up steam library. wondering how long after the hour is up the world lasts lol.
holy crap that's way better than any examples I can remember lol.
They did it as *soon* as it was settled NC was getting a D gov and before he was sworn into office so the R gov could sign off on it. Both state houses were R super majorities at the time (2016) and remained so until this past election of 2018.
me too man, my votes atm are just blue dots in a hurricane of red &gt; &lt;
Well, the way I sees it, we just gotta hogtie Lucy from moving Chuck's football, ain't that right?
Only thing its missing is toebeans. Still 12/10 would look again.
I'm excited lol
This is such a cute pic! Grats on the nuptuals and the great hooved worker photobombers.
I'm not crazy but I swear I can see a little weirdness on my dog's belly that must be a belly button. No, I know what his weiner is and its a good 2-3 inches further down. It just looks like a little semi-swirl of skin. So I don't think your crazy just not trying to think about gentiles lol
QUACK! &gt;:U
True. Also green is not a creative color!
Thanks! You really are POGtastic
He brought great shame on Old Pooh Bear.
Oh my gosh, he's so cute! He has a fantastic chubby to round ratio, and his position on your head is so unique and comical. Thank you for sharing him with us :3
&gt; the Democrat DA in the capital city of N.C. We are so lucky we managed to elect Cooper and a D DA in '16. *sighs in relief in Tar Heel*
&gt; Hehe is just a dumb chicken. He's a mad genius I tell you.
Eliminate all but student loan debt; then either decide to fix my janky ass teeth or help my parents get out of debt some. Doesn't sound like much but would be great really. ... esp if I ain't gotta pay them taxes!
Good luck, and hope it works out man.
The only tat I have is a cat yin-yang I got of my two boys. I debated for over a year before getting it. Raven lived to 13 and Halo's still going strong at 14.5, and they have been such a part of my life. I won't regret this, it helps me cherish my bond with my boys.
Weaselton?
*looks for chonk boi*
Nah he holding his phone up to try the same haha
Pretty obvious tho it’s game on mate ;)
It’s time will come and we must be ready.
Nobody makes up kitty's corner. Nobody! She's so cute lol. My cat has the uncanny habit of jumping up on the bed *in the middle of being made*
wow
That's not how eyebleach works at all, lil dude!
I turned into the hulk from anger looking at that. My brain broke. Thanks.
Discord would have fun with them.
Not sure why you’re downvoted. I guess for confessing fandom. Sorry that happened. I agree with you. Not into the show anymore but seems like there’s a sect of fans in just about anything that make you regret liking it in the first place.
Great poem OP! And I like how you incoperated the facts. It’s just very cute and feels like a poster you might see somewhere lol. Hope you help educate some folks!
Ronin the Hawkeye.
A4 trailer drop, I have hope to cling to.
See I never realized he was a D when i saw that commercial! I rolled my eyes so hard at it because politicians + religious stuff in commercials = my eyes rollin in my head
Live in south, please take away the damn Baptists all over the damn place. Hate them. ‘In god we trust’ is on the county office building. Prayers at community college functions. A church like every quarter mile.
Cats are social critters if given the chance and attention. My boy is a lap magnet, wants to be petted all the time, and just so patient and sweet. Little jealous though, if I cuddle the dog in bed he won't come join us lol.
&gt; the dogs sure roam a lot more freely around here. For good or ill. Dang dog bastid roaming around killed our chickens :[ But Hig is adorable and that's hilarious he loves you enough to demand your attention like that. And glad he's chill with Scooby!
it is too cute to be named after him. At worst it's a Mooch or something.
My only saving grace is I don't have to worry about work because: a. we lucked out and it snowed the weekend before, so my work was canceled the surgery day, and delayed for a few hours the next few days b. I work for the state at a community college so I have more sick/PTO off than most Americans do, so I'm covered for that at least. Just hosed on the cost part. hope you have a speedy recovery, fellow gall-less person!
*Clicks save because she knows her best bud got this for her for Christmas and eagerly awaits finally being able to be a rooty tooty fresh and fruity shooty goody multitoody gal*
I think 1 is past his limit lol
I could be the not particularly good looking female that is a friend of the group. I'd be okay in that.
Where are the drone eagles!?
The women in black panther were beautiful, also talented imo. Loved all their characters.
lots of news events have made it to NCIS/whatever serial show episodes one way or another. But yea I think this did, there've been a few that deal with power interruption potential from terrorists.
I feel sorry for the bees in my area; there was a confused bee out today from the warm weather! It followed my mom and I a bit while we were feeding the critters. Hope it goes back to sleep! Bees are not only important and cool, but heckin cute. They have fuzzy butts for crying out loud.
Lil' Bub's seen places and things. She's probably used to new and weird by now lol.
Same. His character is interesting as is, and has the room to go all sorts of places. *cough*Not romancing Widow now but ARG*cough*
My rooster is built way better than that. Stimpy is well proportioned and a lovely boy!
You make great points as well. Despite OP's sins in the matter, MiL certainly has done her share of throwing fire on the situation.
Enough to turn orange my man. Or lady.
The way some ppl in my state act I'd think the first but sadly its the second.
Could have been of two minds: Beautiful animal. Tasty animal.
Maybe they'll eat each other.
I wouldn't load them! They just knew after it was over, they got one XD and the bag was there the whole time when they would get them so they were more thinking about the treats the entire time and less about 'oh god what's she doing to my paws?'
He's just savoring it!
Will he even finish the game?
I just saw Cats Sunday so now I understand this reference!!! 🥰
The government doesn't want to pay for though. Using driver's license doesn't work as they aren't free for US citizens.
&gt; I do remember him saying how “America’s imperial expansionism is only going to lead us into ruin as we spread ourselves even more thinly than we already have in our ongoing, self created global conflicts.” How does it feel knowing Jon told you the future that's coming true!?
We're all born from a long line of bad bastards. Goal in life should be trying to be better than they were and to teach the next generation to be even better. Some ain't interested in that, though.
Well I officially can never go to China or it’s subsidiaries. Not that wanted to. I mean I kinda did but as much as I wanna die, not like that.
aye. I’m a wimp and I got one. Probably won’t get another. Mine is a small one just below and to the left of my collar bone. It’s lkke getting stung by bees with fiery hot stingers. Repeatedly. For quite a while lol.
There's many areas of China's sphere of influence that I'd love to visit for one reason or another. HK seems like a unique and interesting place especially. And to be honest for my blustering, at the rate I'm going I'll be lucky to leave the country ever.
&gt; then I'LL KNOW she cheated! Makes it sound like maybe he had already 'arranged' to have Pennsylvania for himself. HMMMMMMMMMM *rubs chin aggressively and no longer has a chin*
that's way too much upkeep and pressure to me.
Oh god what a nightmare
I mean, it starts with the world renowned activists. Then the mildly renowned activists. Then the armchair activists. Then the person that only barely did a thing wrong but its off to the correction center for to making Glorious Leader look better.
This guy reminds me of that guy from AoS who was faking being super powered like Cap. I mean, I get they can't use MCU actors/suits. I get that. BuuUUUuuUUuuuUUuut come on, this is the best they can do?
If you can't see the little vein/blood vessle in them or they don't want to sit still long enough to find out, just get them used to the clippers is a great start. My guy has clear nails so its not hard for me to see how short I can cut his without issue and I've been handling his paws for so long he doesn't care. Oh also get them used to having paws messed with and looking at their mouths. Makes claw stuff and taking meds easier.
&gt; So either she's an idiot, or she's a hypocrite. I mean nothing's stopping it from being both!
*Climbs backwards out of seat*
Old, worn out, and not funny joke is not fresh or entertaining. /s or not.
I got let go recently and have a backlog of PS4 games. What do I do? I'm still playing Ark on PC when I'm relaxing, fml lol.
&gt; My boy would start crying before the clippers even came within 5 inches of him and would try to garner the sympathy of anyone within range. That stinker. That's hilarious. It'd work on me. I'd still clip them but feel so bad doing it lol. And go like 'poor baby I knooooow'
Yea it is. I haven't looked into all the SA stuff but I've seen enough to get my blood pressure up about it. I have no doubt doing serious diggin would destroy my spirit more than it already has been.
Oh I see now. It's a bait and switch, blame the South Americans for 9/11 eventually. Claim victory for keeping them out. Mission Completed. /gag
Geri's Game is the name of it.
I hate that that is a thing. An innocent prank where no one is hurt physically or emotionally and everyone can laugh is fine but that is rarely the case with these things and most certainly the premise of this show.
Why you got an anal fixation?
Both are true. There is a pizza place near us that uses a conveyor belt AND doesn't make their own dough *its made for them by a company nearby* but its still pretty decent. If they did both these things, they'd be rockstars.
*plays slide guitar*
They might not do cattle drives anymore but I've seen on plenty of farms where horses are still used to help herd 'em around pastures 'n stuff. Cowboy'ing is still around just not the long cattle drives.
I have a lot of respect for people that do that. We have chickens for eggs, one of ours got really sick and we knew it needed to be put out of its misery. My parents both refused to do it, were content to let it suffer. I did it, and it messed me up for a few days. I hadn't ever killed an animal before and I felt awful. Had a lot more respect for my food and how it gets to my plate after that.
This is an actual good idea for a Prank show.
After reading some other comments, I considered all this and your right.
&gt; Afterwards we asked him how he did it. He just laughed and said that honestly, the horse was doing most of the work, and he was just there to give general directions. Its like working dogs, some of the animals have good instincts about their jobs and like doing it, and sometimes the best thing is just to let them work and stay out of the way lol.
Been playing on this cluster like a year or so, have really enjoyed it. The people make it fun, are helpful, and the mod team is a good bunch. The settings feel good, things take a bit of effort but nothing is going to take you forever to get accomplished.
Aw he's cute. I want a plushie lol.
*snaps to clap for you*
With googley eyes! Can't forget those
It's really impressive. Is sewing like that a hobby for you or something you do professionally/make any money at? This strikes me as crazy talented.
I'd throw in Atheist as well! Or any religion that isn't the *right* brand of Christianity.
Hope his mouth recovers quickly and he remembers how to walk &lt;3 poor baby lol
And that's pretty heartless, I'm a bachelorette and I have plenty of people that would miss me if I died. Then again *considers the source*
&gt; I swear to god if he takes an interest in the family dog He doesn't like animals so that's the only thing that's not likely to happen. there's no animals in the white house for the first time in like... a really long time. I didn't trust him anyway but I super don't trust someone that doesn't like animals.
I laughed out loud because this is so infuriatingly stupid and nonsensical. Like some planner or engineer just said 'fuk it!' and went rogue on sense and order.
but but but I don't want to hurt the owls :&lt; they are rodent hunting friends like hawks and sneks
That place is trippy!
I'd say be sadder for the sister left alive?
Whatever's going on, hope it goes as well as possible and hope a bed opens soon : / &lt;3
Former CC employee, the cleaning staff lady would hang out with us (IT) to take a break sometimes because we were cool (with each other, honestly we were a bunch of different kinds of dorks lol). Even when we were moved and she wasn't responsible for us anymore, she'd come over to visit and chill a bit. I missed her cleaning for us though, the new one to clean for us did a shitty job and still slacked off a lot. Old one slacked off a bit but she got her shit done.
Nooooo Asheville is way more hipster.
Wasn't that also *on the 4th of freaking July!?*
&gt; He's wanted to be President for a very long time. He's wanted to profit from it or nearly being it sure. He clearly doesn't want what it actually is supposed to entail.
I love my figureprint of my druid. Was a surprise gift from my brother, from BC times so rockin that old look but he managed not to look completely mismatched lol
*scribbling on paper* Do not go to conference with Kevin Mitnick, got it.
I’m glad he feels that way but nothing is stopping him and like minded rich from paying extra taxes now. Laws need to be passed to make it mandatory for all but it’s indeed true he can pay more now if he wanted.
Have the cat like cats dancing and doing the same stuff, or anthro animated cats. Would be awesome.
&gt; Spirit: Stallion of the Cimarron I love that movie so much. The sound track is great and 'Sound the Bugle' makes me cry every time.
Dunno but I need it this week.
Don’t forget artists lol.
I appreciate that a lot and this vet specializes in home euthanasia so I plan to thank her heart feltly.
No this is a new skin in Dead by Daylight.
I seen a huge age range at their shows. So people know. They just won’t admit it I gues last lol
Call me daddy then because I love them too. Also am female so that’s either less or more creepy lol Saw them live over the summer and was so happy I got to. My fav show I’ve seen.
Cooked bones are bad for animals they are too hard and the splinters can tear up their insides.
My sympathies to you. And your so right. Just put down my baby of 16 years yesterday. Last thing he did was tuck his paws in my hand to do his last loaf and rest his head on top. Olly is a handsome and stately lad. I hope you and your family get more time with him than you expect.
I’m now taking a supplement one and also trying to eat more foods with them. So far it’s been green bananas mostly lol
I thought it was India at first lol.
Cats animated like they were originally gonna do would have been so damn good.
Have I got a show for you! Worst cooks in America. Makes you worry about some folks.
Lulu is precious and amazing. Her face is so cute!! Thanks for sharing her and the other furry friends :3
While I'm not surprised, I am increasingly sad that this is the state of more and more games. I intermittently play WoW, and while they aren't as bad as some, their other games have many more micro-transactions. Then there's my buddy Terraria who been out 10 years, no expansions and many updates without charging another penny.
:( but that fear mongers people about sharks. Just arrange a hunting accident with a Vice President
Man shed fit in great here. Ask her if she wants to move to America the land of Uber is cheaper than an ambulance even if your bleeding out.
He’d be able to lift mewmew for sure.
This makes sense but I am always some form of HALT 😩
*goes all in and pushes it*
Aahhhh Mark and spittoons. Some of my favorite parts of the game and watching him lol.
Depends on location. Inside the nose is risky business
I’m glad your a mom that still has your own personality and independent interests. I’ve seen too many women who make being a mom all they are. A mother is more than someone who gives birth to others, she is still a complex and feeling person.
My cats never treated me like that. Loved hanging out with me, let me bury my face in their soft belly fur without a scratch. Terrified of the vets but never lashed out at them. Missed me when I was in college.
Innocent kids die because of religion anyway.
You have my condolences. Been a week since I put down my cat I’ve had my entire adult life and it just sucks. I just take comfort he’s not suffering and he’s with his brothers now. I hope you have loved ones to help you in this time
Well that’s something that gives me perspective.
Well there’s been a worldwide rise in folks that act/believe like republicans too.
One of Obama’s daughters.
That’s so sad. I hope the kitties are safe too. And I hope your friend finds the strength to do what’s good for herself too.
For 1 platinum
You’ve gotten some other good statements. For me, the corruption bubble is not balanced with the other two because the tree isn’t as tall and also there’s no vines. If you could put something higher up in that one it would balance the look.
I love those, their colors are so pretty. Scottie is too cute.
Those are more signs of trust. Also if he sleeps with his back to you. I’d say he trusts you pretty well :3
I'd be happy with it.
Yep! She’s great in it.
It’s not like Seth’s other shows. It’s got silly humor but it’s not like Fam guy or American dad.
It really sucks. And it can even happen to our animal friends :( my cat was increasingly confused and odd acting from feline dementia before I put him to sleep. It’s such a cruel thing.
Hehehe.
Someone’s quarantined at Duke hospital with it. I live in NC. Not far from Durham. Damn it.
At the end of the day, there might be rules but the DM is the decider of what happens at their table.
My beef is I never wanted to use anything in combat, I just wanted it for flavor. I didn't always ask for/try to do crazy stuff either.
Well that seems like a mad genius right there.
I love her! I had a black kitty named Raven as well, he was such a delight. :) I hope your Raven enriches your life and you make each other happy.
My guys never meowed but would place a paw on my somewhere. My white cat was fond of repeated smol pats.
I had the book for Links awakening and drew the heck out of every single image in there in high school lol.
However the anti bacterial wipes are handy if you have a saggy gut and get that gnarly itchy smelly uh... whatever funk going on sometimes.
I agree with you, but I was amused that after I had my colonoscopy to see what my GI issue was, my guts were great for weeks after! I guess then the bad stuff in my corruption biome came back.
Well, having one can rule out a bunch of stuff. I was really afraid I'd have ulcerative colitis like my dad, but they ruled that out. They didn't say for sure what it was but likely IBS-D. I did not want that D
well I'm bookmarking that for fun. Those are great and very catty lol.
I'd be glad to see Burr go away but the other shit gibbons that did the same thing should face equal or nearly equal treatment. Shits so fucked.
I knew as soon as I saw this it was. I been there! Well, to broadway at the beach, we didn't go inside here.
That or like the wet/dry bombs when you have them he sells them.
Tis! At least now you know :/
I empathize with you greatly as this is how I feel. Freaking sucks.
Hell we will have another by Saturday.
Then how is Mark Zuckerburg here?
Sorry I'm still half asleep but my take away is we need the Taliban to save us from the government and that's a bit of a mind screw.
Stopping the police having military-grade hardware without the training and rules of engagement to match would be great too.
I was trying to record my girl this morning for catswhoyell, but she refused to yell on camera lol. She just let out a cute lil mew.
My brothers cat loves water. Doesn't like baths though lol. But he begs for water from the faucet. Fluffy long haired white cat.
Not idiocracy; President Commancho turned to the SMARTEST person on earth to help fix things. That ain't happening here.
Sure it can. My best friend is a lesbian but pretty much asexual. She likes woman romantically but isn't reallly intersted in sex. My medication makes me basically asexual. I'm pretty much straight. No sexual interest at all but I'd sure love a guy to cuddle with.
The most patriotic of songs!
Humans are the worst monsters hands down. Look at what we do to each other and to things that aren’t human.
I didn’t know Nick went dark. Good thought. They have good messages. I remember the kids news show with Linda Ellerby.
The theater in my town does this. Prices are set so that things only need bills and quarters to pay for. Granted it’s just a setting in the software but easier to deal with.
You can still get disabled folks added to group homes. When she was 25 it was getting too much for my aging parents to care for my sister and home health had gone to shit in our area so they did what they had to. Took almost 3 years for her to be able to be taken in.
Well seeing all that, they are shit and don’t deserve any kids.
Also Celts had Druids and Druids are neat. Be nice to our ancestors.
They are from the same bit yea!
And for all his faults and wring doing, he called that with remarkable clarity.
Part of the key there is not to elect to take the fees out of the return. Pay the fees when you file.
We have chickens and ducks. The ducks are far more evil.
We have a dog like that. If you go to pet him or he wants to sit with you, he flops on his back, spreads his back legs and shows his teeny weenie for all the world to admire.
The beetus can cause bad circulation, but also nerve neuropathy, basically, the nerve slowly dying. It starts in feet/toes and fingers, and if untreated/dealt with can spread. When you have no nerves, you have no feeling. When you have no feeling, you don't see that cut you got. You don't feel that cut getting enflamed and infected. It also weakens your immune system and you heal slower, so that cut you didn't notice goes septic and your foot starts completely dying. Hence amputation.
Yea my brother regularly took care of me our sister when we were babies up until he left for the army at 18. She and I were 13 months apart and she was older but mentally and physically handicapped. He never had issues and drove us places as well. Parents both worked full time so they really appreciated his help.
Cat milk substitute also testes terrible in coffee lol. The rescue my cat came from posted that she had mixed up her creamer and the kitten milk for an unpleasant surprise
My dad prefers Sunny D to orange juice.
Take pictures of things not people. You don’t need to be in the pic to have a memory.
Bet they don’t have underwater materia either.
Oh that’s delightful!
Aye, pigs are way more intelligent and clean.
I just started the Dragon Prince last night and thought it was awesome they have a (I assume) ASL speaking character. She’s also very badass.
Haha. Reminds me of my former boss. Said he loved the Floyd but hated the political messages of Waters concerts. Dunno his true politics but he has heavy Libertarian vibes and believes Hillary is a monster.
I agree but he’s on the “she had like 50 dudes killed” bandwagon.
I'm imagining Apatow protecting the room where it happens and when Rudd shows up he like tackles him.
Apparently, because the mare got pissed off and kicked him in the head and he died and shit his guts out.
Makes sense in a disturbing way. He wants to pass on HIS genes, he doesn't care about the guy's genes that came before him.
I wasn’t trying to imply they know what genes are but that’s a reduction of what the imperative to breed and destroy competing kids amounts to.
Not just the South. Idiot got votes all over. There’s plenty of people trying to change the perception of the South.
OF course it’s that fuckstick Tillis I’ve been doing my part to try to vote his damn ass out.
Thanks! Here’s hoping 🤞🏼
No that’s clearly a very lifelike cuddle bear ! Grats on the cute pup and mind changing fella
Well now I feel really bad I didn't think to do this before my gallbladder removel :\
&gt; who wants to play as a bear Hey I wanted to do that before the green text.
I’m the weirdo that wants to be a talking animal or have the crazy animal friends lol.
My dms never let me have the good stuff lol.
It’s all over the place in the south!
Yea there’s stuff that If I don’t clear with managers will get me in deep shit. Support for software.
I was actually kinda agreeing until I saw the /s :(
I had no idea that was Mick foley. That’s awesome
I like that guy. He’s also kinda hot so that’s a bonus.
I think we can do it &lt; . &lt;
I was traumatized by mercy killing a rooster. If I killed a person of any color, that’d be the last thing I get out of it.
Actuators
All the cats I’ve had as an adult don’t care about nip. :( I wanted to see them be silly with it lol
So I was playing the 40k version of dnd who’s name escapes me right now. My psyker got 9s on power rolls 3 times. That’s bad. The final time, he got straight up possessed by a warp demon and died fighting the tech priest in a mech.
I have no idea what it says but I'm amused anyway.
Not the way most do it. They use water hoses and destroy the permafrost and leave a mess in their hunt for ivory.
Pineapples in Europe used to be like that. The rich would have fancy parties to eat them and even died from eating too many!
Like, I had Blue Cross for a while and I thought I wouldn't say this, but I kinda miss it. The stuff I have now is worse : / I had state employee level though, so it didn't do GREAT but at least primary care Dr copays were only 10$ so it wasn't a big deal to go for stuff and not wait until shit got worse or anything.
They'd still have many nipples, also animals like cows and horses the nips are near the groin. So they'd have tummyboobs.
&gt; Where every male is man-candy Hey.... don't... don't knock my candy.
Til we’ve made French scramble my whole life. Hard scramble makes me sad.
Usually when I’m excited to kill people, they’re pixels or polygons on a screen.
The headband made hair work for him imo.
Need a kid Jesus comic a la kid Loki.
Bottom one is just Cutthroat kitchen.
Well that sounds dangerous but also on brand for Blais.
Those are the sounds I made when my parents gifted me a kitty for my birthday.
Sneeze is adorable and a perfect name for him lol
With yellow mustard and crackers.
Hell yes! That hot salty going in that cold sweet is just mmmm mmmm
Same. I am currently in my 30s at home but I have a full time job and pay rent and bills for myself and the house.
I mean you can play that game anywhere really. I do wish I had the nerve to play it. Or could do it in traffic, I never see them when I'm walking its always when I'm driving.
Read that in Zefrank’s voice lol
They can eat all the ticks in my yard they want! And some people think they're ugly but I don't
Sick looking sprite man! Feels like the crimson took over a morning wood and made something infinitely scarier than either. The details are awesome. Will have to keep an eye out for your mod!
Difficulty can make a difference yea
XD yea that's pretty on point. And oh the pouting if you put on shoes and stay in the house a bit longer for whatever reason. Lays at the door and gives you the sad side eye.
The world was different when we got covfefe
