Nice to see Ivacic in the lineup. Wish he got the start though
We also have Dallas at home on Sunday. It's a more important game than this one.
&gt; Any part of his game stand out for you? Overall pretty solid, but my knowledge of him is admittedly limited. &gt; if you seen much of McIntosh, can you ever see him rising to MLS for us? I like McIntosh, and think he's getting the short end of the stick. I don't think he's top tier by any means, but certainly could be a solid backup for an MLS club. I don't think our FO ever gives him the chance though.
No he isn't. We've been through this. Do we really need to post his career stats again?
To be fair, the guy was the "South American player of the year". Not like some 18 year old just finishing high school.
&gt; one of our main servers died today. That one's good, but I'm more of a fan of this one: &gt;one of our main servers died today. &gt;I need to be able to generate a backup
Because you're carrying your garbage with you. Any poor configurations, software not completely uninstalled, unneeded software, etc goes along for the ride and could potentially cause issues down the road. When you move into a new house or apartment, do you just box everything up and move it? Even if you don't need it anymore, or just trash? IMO, your first thought should never be in place upgrade. Even with software that's no longer supported. Clean VM, install, test. If that doesn't work, then take a look at an IPU, but only then.
Yeah. It doesn't prompt for a reboot, but they'll pop up afterward
How much do you know about the printer? How much was it used? How well was it taken care of? Honestly, as cheap as nozzles are, I'd probably just opt to replace it so you're not fighting with someone that was messed up by someone else.
Right? What's that thing?
You should 100% state that you're using Home...
I'd recommend not believing everything you read on the internet as step #1. OP is using home and being purposefully vague and misleading.
The problem is, even if he does win, does that really indicate he's improved? Everything I said above could just as easily happen to the opposing team and the fire win.
Your post is so absurdly wrong in so many ways. What someone else in a totally unrelated fields makes is of zero relevance to what someone else makes. Playing the women against one of the best men's teams in the world is completely irrelevant. Women being "not nearly as good as the men" is completely irrelevant.
Relying on other people to not change how they deliver content is a bold move. Realistically, this is really nothing but a money grab. You're going to have irate customers when providers change, and your support is going to be such a nightmare level that you're not going to be able to keep up. Break/fix is not a sustainable business model when you don't own both ends.
&gt; Totally not what I said... That's exactly what you said.... &gt; Only in Western society can someone complain about making x20 what the average human on earth makes in a year, often times through back breaking work 80 hours a week
Then why would you live in a city?....
Well, they don't work on weekends, and the deadline is 6/30
But if you're doing a roundtrip commute, you only have to do that once. And for most people, it's more time to walk to/from a bus or max stop.
&gt; Lalas is entertaining Is he though?...
It's Lalas. He's going to say whatever shit gets people riled up and gets him attention. I have no doubts he thought the US would win. But saying that doesn't make him any money.
Why isn't your host domain joined?
You don't. I had to switch the game yesterday because i couldn't take how homer they were
When were you 21? 20 years ago?
&gt; I've seen more developers go back to building mid-upper end single family dwellings That's not at all what we're seeing in SE. In fact, single family homes are being demo'ed quite a bit and replaced with rentals.
With preseason starting in a few weeks, and the transfer window set to open, I gotta believe they're further along than "just starting to go underway"
I'm sorry, but to me, all of those things you listed just scream "We're doing whatever we can to survive, even if it's not long term sustainable" Any city that could feasibly support 2+ NISA teams already has at least an MLS team, if not a USL team as well.
ok? It's almost like these 2 teams have different federations and costs involved....
Are you also aware of the 2 other builds inside 82nd that were completed in 2019 and are full? Or the literally 3 other buildings going up within 4 blocks of each other? Or those huge buildings on 92nd? &gt; I wish I felt that the development happening now would ease the alleged lack of affordable housing You mean like that huge ass income restricted building on Foster by the Mercado? I'm not sure you're really familiar with the area at all
&gt; 2x Exchange 2013 Servers in DAG, Dynamics CRM on-prem (v1612), Sharepoint 2016 I'd take this opportunity to push all of that to O365. I'd also tell them that you need to spin up new servers and build a new domain. Add into that, the cost of server 2019 licenses to get yourself off of 2012 (you'll need to start doing that shortly anyway). If your server/storage hardware is more than 4 years old, I'd put new equipment into the cost of this as well. Leverage the wants of senior management to push any purchases through. IMO, this is a fun project. That timeline though isn't really feasible IMO. It should be taking at least 4-6 weeks just for the planning phase.
I don't know for certain, but I'd be surprised if it wasn't integrated. PWA has been that way forever.
Honestly, I'm expecting to see this kind of thing on the national level within the next 5-7 years. Consumers are pretty fed up with their information being sold without them knowing. Not to mention the lack of security and accountability with US companies.
&gt; Information being sold is a completely different aspect, which this bill appears to only tangentially cover. Two different situations and two different conditions. I haven't read the entire bill, but I'm going to assume OP is correct. In that case, it literally addresses the consumer being able to prevent sale of personal info. &gt; being able to sue companies because I forgot Bob has your personal phone number saved in his contact list? Ridiculous. It's not ridiculous though. you know what IS ridiculous? The utter lack of concern by large businesses in this country in regards to securing personal information. It's borderline criminal the number of massive attacks that have been successful, and the downright negligence in some instances when it comes to protecting people. Will this make things complicated? Yes, absolutely. Will it be expensive and time consuming to put proper policies and procedures in place? yeah, probably. But it really is necessary, and like it or not, it's going to happen on a national level in a relatively short time frame. People are just flat out fed up with the bullshit, and rightly so.
Of course. But you also need licensing for project if it's on prem too
We no absolutely nothing about the transfer or his salary. Very possible he's TAM level, but no reason to use the TAM if you don't need the DP slot
&gt; Why defend US soccer federation's greed? Because I don't think 25$ is over priced. It's less than most MLS teams.
&gt; management nightmare for IT and Security. The only way this is a nightmare is for departments and people that refuse to change and adapt to what's going on. If you're running the appropriate version of win10 (enterprise), turning those things off is trivial and a simple group policy. Things being installed through the store is no big issue; if, again, you're adapting and changing. Create a private store, and move on with your life.
I'd go 2019 if for no other reason than the update process doesn't take 3 days.
Exactly. A condo is the benefit of owning a place without the hassles of doing most of the upkeep. Really a cross between owning and renting.
Technically, sure. It just doesn't make sense though. Getting rid of TAM has massive impacts on player contracts, salary cap, budgets, etc. Too many logistics to work out for it to happen between now and the end of January. What's more likely is the CBA would include a transition plan to move away from TAM
When I ordered my Tegile array, we got a bookshelf. I thought it was hilarious and told my VAR that I didn't think that was the full storage allotment. He on the other hand, wasn't as amused.
When they hired Viera, did you say "These kinds of hires should show all us that MLS is quality"? Or did you just ignore that whole thing because it didn't fit your narrative?
There are a ton of rules that are up for interpretation, but "don't leave your line on a PK" isn't one of them. &gt; you can't just unlearn technique you have used your entire life in a week. Just don't cheat from the get go then?
Not necessarily an insult, but the Sons of Ben cut a cheesesteak with a chainsaw when they scored on us.
"Don't cheat" is a naive take?
This is IT, nothing ever really dies. But yes, start converting to voip. It'll just make your life easier
&gt; you should be able to get three nights for two people for under $1k including airfare. Sign up for emails from MGM. This time of year, you can typically get 3 free nights, or at worst, $15/night at their lower end hotels.
Story time. I was sitting in the living room watching TV when I got a notification from my nest. I picked up my phone, and it said it recognized a face. Took me awhile because I didn't even see a person. Watched the video 5-10 times until I saw it. The moon shining through the clouds and trees looked like a face. No idea why it was a "recognized" face though. This has actually happened twice in the past 2-3 years.
I disagree. If you're obviously offside, you're offside, and it shouldn't be allowed.
Why don't you fix the problems with your systems? Ask yourself this: "If MS released an update that broke power options on all computers, or the volume, or any other thing, wouldn't it be reported on more?" This sub has a pretty vocal anti-MS group. If this was happening, you'd at least see a ton of posts here. And finally, this isn't a sub for troubleshooting your personal setup.
I don't care if any of my people take scripts with them, or archive them at home. But I would care if the default was to post everything publicly. Too much of a chance for a mistake that could compromise security.
My rule: If there's a switch on the wall, go with a smartswitch and a dumb bulb. If there's not, go with a smart bulb.
As a side question, how do you keep little animals out of that thing if there's no door on it?
&gt; I would like to automate time off requests Highly highly recommend against this if going open source. The problem is, if someone complains that it's not working right, you'll definitely want support. There's no easier way to get people pissed off at you than to mess with their paycheck and/or job.
&gt; as long as I don't delete the user, I'm fine? Yes.
&gt; Has anyone done a team player value and redact DP's. No, because that wouldn't reflect the team's player value....
&gt; true performance value I don't even know what that means
&gt; Weird to me that anyone would buy/wear generic MLS merch. I still wear a couple All-star game shirts from 2015. Mostly because I'm doing house projects and too lazy to care, but I do wear them out if I'm running to home depot or to get groceries or something.
It also would create issues with teams that have airlines as sponsors already. No way Delta lets the Timbers on
Removing TAM at this stage could also greatly backfire for the lowest paid players. With TAM, it concentrates money to a couple of players which requires keeping some lower salaried players around due to cap restraints. Removing TAM and having the ability to spread that money out also allows teams greater flexibility. That player on league minimum might not have a job next year since the team can now afford twice that without TAM. The problem the MLSPA has is that the players in the middle salary range are the driving force, and they're going to end up possibly screwing over the bottom tier players. I think removing DPs and TAM (and even GAM) is the best long term goal, but it needs to be planned and controlled. Simply saying "poof, TAM is gone" overnight isn't a solution.
&gt; During the last CBA negotiation That doesn't even matter when discussing TAM since it didn't exist then. &gt; reports that HIGH on the players list is to get rid of TAM I'm looking for actual players. Got any? Got any that removing TAM would actually affect? ie, league min players? &gt; the cap going up too fast That's not even what I said... &gt; I really don't have any idea how you can read that and think the players would oppose getting rid of TAM and replacing it with more GAM. You can't lump all players into this discussion. They are so drastically different, and what they want is equally as different. Does a guy making 150k want to get rid of TAM? Probably, because he can easily believe that opens him up to a higher salary. Does that guy making league minimum want to get rid of TAM? No, because he's not going to see the money, and it's a very real possibility that he's now out of a job next year.
Kaseya's biggest problem IMO is too many modules that were bought separately and jammed together. No symmetry or ease of use, and everything doesn't work together the way one would expect.
&gt; The device would be tapped whenever you would normally need to enter in a password. I don't understand the point of this. Am I to assume that this is to be used while in the office building? If so, why do we really need yet another factor? Or is this in place of passwords?
Have you verified they haven't changed domains, or IP addresses? A lot of the times when this happens, the offending company knows their stuff isn't getting opened, so they make a system change. There's an MSP in my area that I've had to block over 20 domains in 3 years because of this shady stuff.
What does closer to Dell actually get you? From what you listed, LV is a no-brainer.
&gt; it would make the mathematics of potentially signing a new TAM player irrelevant. Which is exactly why it isn't going away. At least for the 2020 season. Teams have built their rosters and signed players based on the current rules. To change them so drastically right before the season starts makes no sense. Likely what we'll see (if any changes at all) is a plan put in place to remove TAM slowly over the next few seasons and before the next CBA.
Wait, you did work without agreeing on how much? Be prepared to fight them to actually get paid.
Honestly, if you don't know the difference between a local and domain account, you have no business doing any of this.
Find an MSP, or find a temp. We're not really going to be able to help you very much and you're going to spend more time asking questions that are going to result in more questions than actually fixing things. And that's if you don't make things worse. If your accountant suddenly dies, are you going to turn to reddit to do your taxes?
Meh. A lot of places don't start plowing/salting until there's more accumulation than we typically get here. Having said that, just don't drive unless it's an emergency. It's not worth it, and even if you're a professional ice driver, there are a LOT of people on the roads that aren't, and they will fuck your shit up
I read that as bagpipe and am sadly disappointed.
Sooo....probably Fredy then?
The leader of the company got fired.
Not generally a whole lot of donated tickets for this game.
&gt; 3D printed PLA is porous. It's also extremely easy to coat. We have no idea what post processing they did.
Depth is a massive problem across the entire backline
First, if you're going to shit talk a team, flair up. Second, you're crazy if you think LAFC doesn't win a cup within the next 2-3 years.
It most definitely is. Even some of the teams that have been notoriously cheap have been splashing more cash recently. These new owners are coming out blazing, and old owners are looking at teams like Atlanta, LAFC, seattle, Portland, etc and seeing how much money you can actually make if you spend.
I'd argue one of the reasons our offense was so predictable is because our defense was so horrible. When your guy furthest back is a midfielder (Chara), you lose a lot of connecting from the back to the attack, which means you also lose a lot of your attacking options/creativity.
&gt; Maybe the FO just isn't as high on JEbo as I am? I'm sure that's it. I like Jebo, but it pretty clear he's not fully developed yet, and having a guy ahead of him to learn from could be great.
&gt; spending starts rise to global levels. If by "global levels", you mean the likes of the EPL and Bundesliga, it's not going to, and I'm quite happy with that. This is a salary capped league. It'll always be a salary capped league. There's quite a difference between capping a team salary at 20mil, and refusing to pay for chartered flights.
&gt; a fucking joke. You know what's a fucking joke? The fact that 2-3 teams have a realistic chance to actually win the league every single year, and some of those teams have won the league a full 3-4 weeks before the season is even over. That's fun how? &gt; "I don't want a league as good as the Premier League or Bundesliga" is a very specific sort of position to take. "good" is relative. I want a fun and enjoyable league to watch. Those two aren't, and haven't been for years.
Unless the end users only have 2-3 apps that are all web based, no. I wouldn't even consider it.
I'll wear my long johns when I plan on getting stranded. DUH!
&gt; "sex tips" that Cosmo recommends. I'm curious. Do they involve the warm broth or the thermos?
Then why would I pay you (or anyone)?
My guess is the hosts are doing more than just hosting VMs, and when someone logged in to do something, they weren't able to because the VMs were taking up all of the resources. Just a guess, but I can't think of any other even remotely logical reason.
How many VMs are we talking here and what's the rest of your infrastructure. Are you SURE you want to start them all at the same time?
&gt; manually patch the ceo stuff after hours Why wouldn't you patch everyone's stuff after hours?
&gt; One command in our MDM to push out Catalina. I mean, it's easy enough to push out upgrades with windows too if you have the right tools in place. Take your MDM out of the equation, and you're in the exact same situation as a lot of people here complaining about windows.
Set it up the right way then? Set an appropriate maintenance window and set it to not reboot if the machine is in use. We push out all of our uogrades through sccm with no user input. Automatically done after hours and the end user is none the wiser.
We had some back in PA. Basically, it's just an exclusive club to hang out in that also skirts laws other bars/clubs/etc adhere to since it's private. Most have dues, and you need a sponsorship to join.
Welcome to the US where if you play a sport and need a green card, just send more money. Good to go in about 8-10 months.
Nor should the user even be affected. Easy enough to plan and setup to happen after hours and when the machine isn't in use.
WDS is free....
"I write my PIN on my ATM card so I don't forget it. Nothing has ever happened, so it's fine"
Then find a new job in 2 years and take your procrastination support level to 5!
IME, typically, the only pets most places care about are dogs and cats. Just ask when you're talking to them.
I'm not sure how much it really matters anyway. Drafting a player doesn't mean they have a contract, just that we own their rights. Being drafted 68th is pretty darn low, and the expectation of him actually becoming a professional soccer player isn't really that great.
&gt; School, degree, date, GPA per line. FYI, I couldn't care less about your GPA, and your graduation date could unfairly age you one way or the other. Keep it simple. School and degree is all that's relevant.
How much do replaceable leaders make?
No issues on any of our systems here so far.
Strange. We've done about 50 workstations and 30 servers so far without any issues.
Some people need the industrial alarm clock to wake up
Wasn't that the entire plan of PERS?
bring on that sweet sweet gambling money
Ignore a problem until it compounds and you have no choice but to spend even more money to fix it
If by latest version, you mean post about 10am PST yesterday, then yes. If by latest version, you mean anything before that, then no.
What a dumb post. Can't release a patch for something without telling people what that something is. And Win7 and 2008 both got the patch. Take your nonsensical MS hate somewhere else.
I have users that insist on using Edge for whatever reason. For me, the big thing is that the legacy thing goes away.
&gt; Asking your manager to solve this, or expecting it is not realistic. Wholeheartedly disagree. As a manager, part of my job is setting rules and guidelines for my department. One of those guidelines is going to involve working as a team. Knowledge siloing is a problem for everyone on the team.
IE mode is working perfectly well in edge chromium
What happens if you put another drive in the machine that's not recognizing this one?
ok, but why would I care if my users can no longer use it?
First, this is really /r/techsupport but second, how on earth would windows have any affect on the BIOS? Literally no windows code is loaded at that point.
Doesn't make sense to me if you're legitimately trying to grow the game. 6k to an amateur side makes a huge difference. Especially if they happen to win and need to travel for the 4th round. Or, even just training equipment
It's not really hard to beat a drug test. Especially cocaine.
Yeah, that's a little better, but I think it's still a kick in the nuts to lower teams. Maybe this shouldn't apply to anyone below D2?
Not sharepoint
The screenshot is RA
I'll also remember that you have a bias. And these rumors aren't new...
Strange. That's what I say about most of her proposals
With typical American mentality, I'd think detached houses would have a sharper increase in value. Pretty much the way it is in any city with rowhomes and semidetached.
&gt; I didn't watch every Galaxy vs LAFC match because I care about either of those teams, I watched them because the Zlatan vs Vela / LAFC storyline was awesome. I (like a lot of people) watched them because they were fun and interesting games. That's possible without the likes of Zlatan
Finally, a CPL team smart enough to start tapping into that Mexican/Canadian market
What does an interview with Vela about Chicharito have to do with the sounders? asking for all of /r/mls
First, always go switches. If there's a switch in a wall, never use smart bulbs. Once that switch it turned off, your bulbs are useless. Second, I'd take a good look at homeseer. I have about the same number of switches in my house, and replaced them all about 2ish years ago. Had one switch that died about a year in, and they replaced it with little hassle. Other than that, we've had zero problems and couldn't be happier. Third, for the fans, the best thing IMO, is get an electrician out to run a second wire. Put the light on one switch and the fan on another switch. There aren't combo smart switches available, and the other options can be a hassle. Fourth, what's the ultimate plan here? Do your parents want to do actual automation (ie triggers and events), or do they just want the option to control things through alexa/google? Determining that is going to lead you down what controller/hub you're going to need. Fifth, this isn't going to be cheap. But also remember that you don't have to do all 30 switches at the same time. You can spread that out over a time period that's more suitable to the budget. Sixth, with that number of switches, you're going to need a cheatsheet at least for the first couple of months. Make sure you're documenting which switch is which, and what you named them. Otherwise, that switch that controls the light in the 4th bathroom that no one uses just becomes a really expensive dumb switch because no one remembers what it's called. I made a copy of my house's blueprints and added the switches there. Super easy to know what's what.
I require pricing and questions answered prior to any calls. I don't want to waste anyone's time, and I tell them as much. If their policy is to not provide pricing without a call, I tell them I'm not interested. As a courtesy, I make sure I contact everyone I've worked with when a decision is made. If I'm not going with their product, I make it clear that it's company policy to not disclose who we're going with, or why we didn't chose them. I then ignore any other contact. if they're relentless, I just block their domain and/or phone numbers. I don't answer any cold calls.
My question for you would be: If you hate windows that passionately, why would you even want to consider a job working on windows servers?
Honestly, at least half of your biases there are due to lack of understanding/knowledge.
Go to the eye doctor, get your eyes tested, and ask them. It could be that your eyesight is deteriorating, you have dry eyes, or a handful of other things. They'll be able to tell you what's going on, and offer medically sound opinions. Don't rely on reddit for these things.
When I first went to the download page, the EULA came up in Russian. I had to double check and make sure I didn't click on a spam link. Did a refresh and it was in English, but the install was German.
IMO, backup storage is a very small part of developing a plan. What software are you using? Build your storage around what that's capable of doing.
/r/techsupport
IMO, things should be pronounced the way the person who developed it, or who leads the company that developed it pronounces it. Except for gif. Forget that guy
&gt; name things "Bedroom Lights 1" and "Bedroom Lights 2" I like to take into consideration what things are going to be used the most often, and what's easier to remember/say. "Alexa, turn off the master bedroom right night stand light" is kind of a pain to say, and a big thorn in your side if it's something you say every night. But "Alexa, turn off the guest bedroom right night stand light" is equally a pain to say, but since you're only saying it a couple of times a month or year, it's not such a pain in the butt. &gt; the bit about blueprints I like to use my blueprints to document all kinds of stuff. Paint color codes, flooring brand and model number, year of install, etc
&gt; Glad he still gets to play in MLS. &gt; &gt; Glad he is rarely against us Miami FC are USL
That's not entirely true. She had no reason not to believe him. Unless the school is for profit, and scammy, they should (and will likely) work with her if she appeals and follows the correct procedures. Believe it or not, most schools (especially public) aren't actively trying to screw people over.
IMO, he wasn't as good as the hype. Did he score some goals? Yes, absolutely. I will say though, that a huge number of them were in situations where they didn't matter. When it was clutch, and we really needed a goal, he was generally invisible. Then he started getting more and more lazy and falling over at every touch. Even when it was obvious he wasn't getting calls, he'd still fall over and then complain to the ref effectively taking him out of the game.
&gt; He was riding the bench for you guys a lot that last season. Not really. He was injured, and then didn't play while the deal was being worked on which isn't unusual.
&gt; chasing a goal Adi will continuously chase that goal because he'll never score it in clutch situations.
But if you setup MFA for admin accounts, how do you log in to uninstall it?
&gt; I'm still leaning toward banning these. &gt; Management doesn't seem to mind Why do you feel like you have authority over management? What's your reasoning for not wanting them on your network?
That still doesn't really quantify it though. What happens if it's down for longer than 2 days?
You still need admin rights, which would presumably be behind MFA. I'm not familiar with Duo's app, but with Okta's, you can require MFA for all login. Which (I believe) would also cover powershell. I'd assume Duo's app is the same way. The only way having to install an app isn't secure is if you haven't completed your setup/config correctly.
I would put my money on either tennis courts or a swimming pool. Any high end apartments/condos or gyms nearby?
If he tried to force a move when he was in a starting role, I have no doubts he'd be extremely unhappy and unproductive as a 3rd stringer
This is why it's important to understand what happens at that imaginary 2 day mark. Did someone just come along and randomly say it can't be down for longer than 2 days without justification? Or, if it's down for 2 days, they lose half their business. Unless the person pulling things out of their ass is the president, I'm not basing my recommendation on that.
You know what else would've stopped this? If we actually pursued and prosecuted those asshats that did it last time.
&gt; He was producing for you guys right before. No he wasn't. He had 3 goals in 14 games in 2018. And the thing is, most of his goals were when we were already winning. Need a clutch goal? He disappeared. Frequently. He had a penchant for falling on the ground and then taking himself out of the game by complaining to the ref for the next 10 minutes. Add onto that his complaints about wanting a trade out of MLS because he thought (for whatever crazy reason) that he wasn't getting national team callups because of playing for the Timbers. All of the people here saying he was so good either didn't really watch him the last 2 years or so he was in Portland, or are wearing rose glasses.
&gt; They are allowed to ask They most certainly are not allowed to
1) McMahon has so much cash that he probably sold the rights for the first 1-3 years damn cheap 2) McMahon knows how to market stuff 3) McMahon has crazy connections 4) McMahon really wants it to succeed this time, so likely sold the rights for damn cheap 5) Yeah, people actually do want to watch shitty American football.
So fuck all of them then? Why is your argument "There are others too, so you can't be outraged at Qatar"? I think the argument is "Let's be outraged at all of them"
Personally, I'd just print up a big sign and attach it to the back of the monitor so it shows over the top. Use names, colors, whatever you want. It's cheap, and easier than what you're trying to do.
&gt; what happens when you onboard the 500? If you currently have 25 users, it's not financially viable (nor does it make sense) to spec out your current solution for your end goal hope of 500.
&gt; My bosses seemed to think something like this would be around $1000 That's likely not even going to cover windows licensing.
&gt; I have no idea what we need. Don't feel bad about that. Many people that have been doing this for years still struggle with that question. My first question for you is, what's your current setup? Do you have a server at all? Domain? What do things look like right now? My second question is, will you be hosting any internal apps on this server, or is it strictly a place to store files?
Which makes zero sense
That's gotta feel demoralizing. Basically telling the guy he's worth about a pack of gum
Sorry, I assumed that you wanted something that was legal and not going to open you up to fines.
If I was hiring a consultant, and the first thing they said was they needed a global admin account, I'd find a new consultant.
except it's Java, and has security holes.
&gt; We have a lawyer on site who's clearing everything. You best find a new lawyer then if he's oking this. &gt; the ebay keys are legal They aren't. And it doesn't even make any sense. If MS sells a license for $600+, why on earth would anyone resell a legit license for $10?
First time dealing with end users? I guarantee you, it'll be short order before at least one of them just logs in with the admin account, and shortly there after when they're telling everyone else to do that because it's easier.
I'm confused. If you already have an answer, what is it you're looking for? &gt; How will an always on VPN eliminate the need for a local admin account? You stated you had a local admin account in case the user's password expires or can't login right? You don't have those issues if the machine is connected through VPN to your domain.
&gt; Logging in as local admin means no email Why? Last i checked, both webmail and the ability to configure outlook work just fine. &gt; no software What? &gt; no remote shares They don't have remote shares anyway &gt; no access to intranet Do they even have an intranet? Regardless, without a VPN, it's not accessible anyway. And if it is accessible on the internet, why not just log in with the domain account? &gt; no access to their own documents folder No VPN, no remote docs folder, no problem. &gt; non-technical Apparently I'm more technical than you are though
&gt; what would you guys do, in my situation. Move to a place with more jobs.
It's no coincidence that the top two on that list are the biggest recent signing, and a current owner. Part of Wiebe's job is to tout and publicize the league. Regardless of actualities, no way they don't put Chicharito at #2.
Whatever it was, i'm sure it wasn't "Create a petition on reddit"
Without a question, virtualize. No need not to with even semi-modern hardware, and any small gains you might get from running bare metal will be dwarfed by the benefits of virtualization.
That's the point. If those leagues don't mean much to north america, how much do you think they really mean to the rest of the world?
It's not at all a big deal. It's possible to pay for extended aupport for the next 2-3 years.
But it's not since you can pay microsoft for extended support.
Aaron hernandez says hi
So you're buying 3 boxes then?
Transfer window still isn't open yet. Not unusual in MLS to have incoming players after preseason starts
You're putting a lot of faith in some random rant on reddit... Not saying it isn't true, but that's a LOT of negatives in one post with zero evidence. Even half of those would've resulted in most companies filing for bankruptcy by now.
Why would the MLSPA put their force behind upping the cap? The owners have increased the cap year after year without the players pushing for it. Owners know it needs to be increased, a lot of owners want it to increase, and it'll likely continue to increase. When you're fighting for things, you fight for the things that need to be fought for, not something they're going to give you anyway.
Couples of things: 1) In regards to taking this new job, keep in mind that as a contractor, you'll likely be receiving a 1099 and not a W2. Meaning you'll owe more in taxes. Generally, you'll also have little to no benefits (no health insurance). So although your salary is double, your take home will be significantly less than that. So I'd recommend verifying everything, and then doing some calculations to see what the pay increase actually is. Add onto that the hassles and potential stresses of not having a job in 6 months, and reanalyze the situation to see if it's still best for you. 2) As for feeling bad about leaving your current position. Don't. Yes they'll be in a bind, and yes it'll be difficult for them, but that's the reality of the world. It happens anytime someone leaves a job, and it should be expected. My recommendation for you is to be completely upfront with them about everything. Explain to them that the new offer is just one you can't turn down due to the salary increase, and that you're willing to do whatever you can to make the transition as smooth as possible. IMO, being completely upfront and honest about everything will make for the easiest transition, and not burn any bridges should you want to talk to them about coming back in 6 months.
Or the new job has drastically different tasks that warrant more money. Plus, although a doubled salary for a contractor, your take home isn't doubled. You (typically) lose all benefits including health insurance, and you're not W2 meaning your taxes are significantly increased.
For what it's worth, my shoretel support vendor migrated to RingCentral. A couple of years ago, they only did Shoretel support. Once Mitel bought Shortel, the company slowly started branching out. Speaking with my sales guy and a few techs, they trialed the Mitel/Shoretel cloud thing, and the quality just wasn't there. I think that's pretty telling
&gt; if you have the licensing available This actually wouldn't take any additional licensing than what's currently in use. A host (provided it runs no other roles than hyperv), doesn't require a license.
Does GDPR include employees?
Same as you. 14.2 Luckily, they extended EOL until July I believe, and we have a ton of spare hardware from closing an office. We'll be sticking with this until at least Q1 2021 due to business decisions.
Do you have a link to that? Because it seems strange to me. If an employee tell their employer to remove all PII data, then I'd have to remove your computer from DNS? I'd have to remove you from all of my remote access, monitoring tools, etc etc? It would cripple my ability to actually do work. Additionally, if IP address is considered PII, it would literally break things.
Not sure where you are, but most contract positions I've looked into were all 1099. But those taxes are actually a small part of it. The fact that you need health care (or get fined) is the biggest chunk of lost income there. Plus the PTO, 401k, profit sharing, etc etc.
What's the cost differences for health care? Are you losing a 401k/profit sharing? Do you get PTO? If not, what's the cost to you if you get sick and can't work for 2 weeks?
If it's just 3 machines, I'd pull the windows upgrade assistant and go that route. If that fails, I'd do a reimage
It's possible "Ralph" misunderstood something?
Amazon was looking for a second headquarters, not another distribution center.
How sad is your life that the best thing you could do this morning was badly troll reddit?
What? No. Just because you're exempt doesn't mean you can't take an uninterrupted vacation.
Super model wife in the north wing of the mansion with Ms. Universe living in the south wing? Do you have 3 or 4 personal chefs? When does your trainer come over?
With a possible exception of Edge chromium that came out last week, it's by far the best browser.
Kind of a grey area. Technically, it ended years ago, but apparently MS didn't turn off their activation/licensing servers. Not sure how that would play out if MS decided to pursue something, but if it's 2 computers, or personal computers, you'll probably never find out anyway. edit: Depending on the age of the machines, it's also possible they were bought with win10 and downgraded to win7
If you can't matrix that shit, are you really in IT?
&gt; it should just copy the files and nothing more That, by definition, is not what mirroring is.
Why would you want to?
Although true, maintenance windows become harder to enforce when it comes to laptops. The thought is, the user needs to be mobile (or they'd just have a desktop) which, by definition, means they're not always in the office.
Absolutely replace it then if it only supports SMB1.
Why even bother with green cards apparently
&gt; you are the new employee of this company. Why is that relevant? You were hired to do a job, and (presumably anyway), system security is part of that job
Same here in PNW
Step 1/2: get a trip permit, or hope you don't get a ticket on the way to DEQ
I don't know what's more hilarious; the fact you think this, or the fact that you're getting upvotes. No way Atl brings 25k. I'm gonna say around 3-3.5k. Maybe 4 tops.
Spoken like someone who doesn't understand how those "bullshit government regulations" actually protect them.
I know, it wasn't very good, but it's all I have today
1) Get on Craigslist 2) Go to Home depot and rent a truck 3) ??? 4) Profit
Is your point that it's overpriced too?
The difference being that those people writing ebooks are doing it with the intention of emigrating into the US. These athletes are doing it for no other reason than to skirt rules. Most of them will move on and not be permanent residence (and therefore, not contributing to the US economy, GDP, etc). The rules for green cards are so messed up at this point with so many loopholes that it's just silly.
Your post asked about where to get a drum, not how to get it to your house.
Unless I only have a handful of easily scanned things, I avoid them like the plague
&gt; I want to pull in, get gas and get back on the road. This sounds great and all, and largely is, during the summer. This cold rainy stuff? nah, I'll wait an extra 5 minutes thanks.
&gt; “handjobs from retirees” app has like zero members. You should advertise better. I'd sign up for that
&gt; they bought something thinking it did XYZ and it doesn't, or they bought the wrong version. As part of the value in value added, I'd expect you to help me determine which version it is I need.
You build an actual relationship? You ask basic questions that need to be asked? I mean, that's not something that I do. But I also have a good relationship with my VAR, and he understands what the actual procurement process is.
Exactly. And it depends on what I'm guying too. Beer or cough syrup that needs and ID "check"? Cashier. Veggies/fruit that for whatever reason seems to be overly complicated to look up? Cashier. Bread and eggs? Self checkout.
Then you risk them saying it's not possible and ending the conversation. Really, there's zero reason to tell anyone outside of your company what your budget it. Same as there's zero reason to tell a potential employer what you're currently making.
&gt; this is the way it is at all of them. But it's not. I'm not looking for an expert. That's not the first step. I'm looking for a ballpark figure to see if further time/money investment is even feasible. Take the requirements I've given you, have an internal conversation, and then give me a figure range. Pretty simple. I don't need to actually talk to you on the phone, and I don't want to. I don't have the time, and I'll find someone else that'll give me what I need without the hassles. I'm looking at multiple companies, and I simply don't have the time to spend an hour plus with each of them in the preliminary stages. We'll do that at stage two when I'm working to determine the best fit.
The policy that's further up the tree wins. Create that policy in the OU with those users, and it'll take precedence over the default policy.
Maybe another admin in your company got tired of the calls and blocked their numbers?
They're only encouraging people that have signed up for the app, therefore, they're only "encouraging" people that are already gamblers.
I saw APC there last year and it was pretty decent.
Yeah, they were 56. TM fees brought it to right around 150.
&gt; None of the businesses are currently in a contract So what you're really selling here is a list of contacts. If you only made 27k last year, that list is pretty small, and likely not really worth 15k IMO.
Did you ask your IT department how long it's actually taking them? Did you bother having any sort of internal communication, or was your kneejerk reaction to log onto reddit, give us next to no information, and try to "stick it to them"?
&gt; required ZERO user training That's not the normal reaction, and I'd be highly suspect of that statement. &gt; they haven't moved the menus or interface around like MS does every three weeks. So you're biased here I see. Anyway, the simple fact that the layout in Open Office is different from MS office dictates there has to be some level of training there. You might not have been aware of it, but people still had to search for what they needed. &gt; MS screwed them over big time by not "supporting" their own previous formats. That's simple progression, and normal. Aside from that, I'm not even sure what version you're talking about. Hell, you can even still save in '97 format in excel &gt; Is actually fully compatible with Microsoft Office. It's completely transparent. That's not at all true. Although it's certainly better now than it was years ago, it's not fully compatible.
Welcome to Porter world. Stick with people regardless of facts in front of you.
Oh, if they got him cheap, then sure, it makes sense. My comment wasn't only about Adi though. Porter has a penchant to stick with players for bizarre reasons. Guzman, Asprilla, Zemanski, etc.
oh boy, here we go....
Right? If they get relegated, they're not going to want to keep him.
No. You were asked to fix it because you're willing to. Your boss should be putting their foot down and drawing the line of what's reasonable for you to be working on. Unless you're in an office of about 15 people, then anything goes
My opinion is to not get caught up in things that aren't part of your job function.
How's the availability been? Didn't AMD have issues recently with long lead times? That might be a concern on the support aspect.
&gt; Claiming it would be a violation is off base in that context. Highly dependent on your company, and country you're working in. &gt; Trying to suggest that typical admin functions are wrong is a problem. That's how an unaware management unit takes needed permissions away from the people who need to do the work. There's also a huge difference between triggering things like bitcoin and direct deposit. Bitcoin generally doesn't matter and is never going to include sensitive information (typically. there are obviously exceptions). DD however, could. As such, it needs to be handled differently. If a sysadmin at my company created a rule to redirect mail that included the words direct deposit to their own inbox (or a monitored inbox), they would be reprimanded. &gt; every email system and spam filter has options to deliver tagged spam messages to an administrator for review. It's important to not confuse the term "administrator" with always being someone in IT. It's possible to redirect those emails to a person specifically trained and educated in regards to sensitive HR information. But, at the end of the day, in this scenario, I'd advocate for training HR rather than making any changes to mail flow. Additionally, I'd recommend creating specific processes to easily identify these types of things aren't legitimate, and to prevent any changing of information without speaking to the employee directly.
Not east side, but JoLa Cafe in SW does. Elephants in SW does too
&gt; you are, ultimately, correct here. I think that's the great thing about IT, and why there's so much discussion here. 90% of the things are specific to your environment.
That....doesn't even make sense.
Good to know. Thanks!
not this year
&gt; You can't select what updates users get. That's not the purpose of WUfB. If you want to select individual updates, you should be using WSUS. WUfB is a bridge between full managed (WSUS) and unmanaged (automatic windows updates).
This is only going to block domain computers.
I just glanced over the colors at first, and didn't even see Portland
Fun thing about Portland property taxes; there are few things that trigger a reassessment. This results in wildly different taxes. Your family own that 4 bedroom 2 bath house with a nice yard for the last 20+ years? you're paying less than the new micro 2 bed 1 bath with no yard right next door.
You guys an your kneejerk reactions "OMG a politician said something, the team is obviously moving!!!"
40U? You're gonna want that in a closet. Especially for the noise of the switches.
Disregard and lack of respect for other people is pretty much the definition of asshole
they still come into ports though.... A port isn't just a dock on a body of water.
I wouldn't buy one of these, but having something that cuts the tops off of weeds before they're able to spread and/or go to seed would be super beneficial. I don't have the time to weed multiple times a week. Having them chopped off until I'm able to pull the roots would be helpful.
What OS version? If it's 2016 or 2019 datacenter, look into storage spaces.
No.
No, because you're learning and not doing the EXACT same thing over and over again. There's a difference
&gt; Sounds to me like he agreed to come to MLS, but doesn't really want to go to Cincy. That's not how this works. You don't negotiate terms with MLS, you negotiate with the team.
Wouldn't "Terms are agreed" contradict that?
Anyone that thinks they're #2, have 2 other people read your documentation. One person that has no clue how to do it, and another person that knows the process. I've found (even with myself), that you might think the documentation is solid, but there's something in there that doesn't make sense and needs clarification.
It's not like first line support is working on this
That's more or less what UPS does with their worldship garbage
I'd recommend sticking with MS (especially if it's in Azure) and use RemoteApp
Can you give us more information? 1) Why don't you just deauthorize it rather than disable the nic? 2) What is it you're actually trying to solve here?
&gt; it does become unauthorized automatically after some period. Interesting. I didn't think it became unauthorized at all unless it was done manually. Personally, I wouldn't spend any time researching this (other than for an interesting tidbit of knowledge), and I'd just make a note to check/reauth after bringing the server back online.
Location perhaps, but not the terms of the contract and payments.
I wouldn't read too much into it. It's obviously a rendering. I don't think MLS is ever going to give up the opportunity at free marketing and display of their badge. Certainly not make people pay for it, otherwise no one would ever have one
There has been a small handful of players that "negotiated" with MLS. Basically "I'd be willing to come play if I'm in LA". Then they negotiate the actual contract with the team. The majority of players don't do that, and just negotiate with the team.
What could go wrong?!
Where in your nonsensical rant does sanctuary city come into play?
&gt; sauceless vegan Isn't that just bread?
Yeah, I get that, and it's a problem. But that's not what you said. You said it was confusing because laws are enforced differently in different towns.
Because I'm assuming you're not giving him full admin rights to the VM either. If you are, that's a major security issue. What's stopping him from doing all of those things in his VM?
I thought they were talking about that dragon thing in the background
How many times do we have to tell people to not leave ANYTHING in their car?!? /s
Plot twist: They sell so much that they think the logo is a hit and don't change it
Pretty sure that's fatal
Looks to me like the only thing that isn't available is remoteapp directly from Azure. You can still spin up a windows server in Azure and configure remoteapp yourself. You'd still need a server if you go with xenapp anyway, and now you don't need citrix licenses.
based on my experiences at most McMennamins, yes.
&gt; Ask the people that live there. Unfortunately, the people don't actually decide those things. Otherwise, Beaverton and Gresham wouldn't be considered Portland metro
&gt; Why exactly should I care about what they think? Then why should they care what you think?
&gt; Anyone have any input for these situations? You talk to your manager and let them handle it. This isn't a tech problem, and as such, as an admin, it's not your responsibility.
&gt; Get HR involved Eh...go to your manager first. As a manager, I'd rather not get HR involved unless it's an issue that can't be resolved. The last thing that I want to deal with is HR calling me asking questions about something I have no idea about. And on the other side, I'd rather not be called into HR without being having any conversations with IT management. Perhaps it's just not clear to them why this process is in place, and a quick and simple conversation/explanation resolves this.
I feel like more IT people are also biased and a lot of the times are the anchor preventing deployment. Just look at /r/sysadmin and see how many people complain about Win10 and how "windows 7 is so much better" even though it's not.
I don't think that's a fair statement. Take logging off for example. Drastically different from Win7 to 10, and even different from older version of 10 to 1909. It's not necessarily intuitive to click the thing that sorta looks like a person, and then click your name. Especially if you're used to the way Win7 was setup.
We have those at my office (they're actually surprisingly inexpensive), and the majority of people that have them change from sit to stand to sit multiple times a day.
&gt; I've since changed that slightly to be a 12-18 months post release for the upgrade Pretty good policy and mostly what we do. IT moves about 6 months in mostly for testing and gaining familiarity. We'll then do a small group at about 12 months under the guise of testing, but really it's to get other people used to it and talking. That way, other employees see it's different, and we get quite a few that jump on board because it's seen as new and exciting. Then we start the full-on marketing campaign. Get people excited about the new/better stuff. That with training makes adoption pretty easy.
I see. Your original statement seemed like you weren't using MFA on the social media account.
&gt; Seems all that should come after agreements are signed with the MSP. How are you going to agree to anything if you don't know how much it's going to cost? Or, from the MSP perspective, how can you provide an accurate proposal if you don't know what you're supporting?
Personally, I don't see this as being an issue provided the appropriate NDRs are signed. I also view it as a needed process in order for the MSP to quote appropriately. And finally, if you're on your way out, I wouldn't stress over it. If the MSP goes rogue for whatever reason, it's not your problem.
&gt; How many people does an employer need to fire without giving cause before they face equal hardships? 1? I mean, it's no secret who shitty employers are.
I really don't understand why you're fighting this so hard. One of the best things I learned years ago was to not take things personal, and to not view networks, computers, etc as my personal equipment. Have pride in your work, but it's no longer your work
&gt; There is no equality for negative impact for the same conduct. You don't think people stop going to places that have been deemed bad employers? You don't think people stop working for and even applying to work for companies that are bad employers? &gt; I'm not here for points. So you just don't get it then?
IMO, this applies pretty much to the last 3-4 offseasons
Or crawfish wise. Way too cold. You're looking at more April/May at the earliest depending on the weather of course.
No matter how many times you say it, it doesn't make it true
How old is it? If it's new enough, you can go to one of those deq too places.
Revenue only tells one side of that story though. They have many many many more games than any other sports league in the world. By default, they also have higher expenditures. The Yankees are worth 5bil mostly because of the history, and the licensing they hold. Not so much for the current team.
Or trying to make him disappear hoping fans forget too
&gt; nobody says that about any of the other modes. Sure they do. You just don't hear them because they quit playing.
Not the time for shitty snarky replies.
They already invested in that 25th year logo done with ms paint. Can't go back now!
&gt; f#&amp;*ing hot Can you define that? With an actual temp?
Why are you coming to us to justify what you do? These are the kinds of posts that have been cluttering up this subreddit for months
&gt; I'm just wondering how this is really different from running Couple of things: 1) This is set once and owned forever 2) This goes across multiple devices regardless of the underlying OS This differs from your method in these ways: 1) Your method requires copying that signature to every single device, including any new devices 2) Your method is limited to only windows PCs (this new method would include Macs, IOS, Android, Linux, etc 3) Your method requires constant work anytime a new device is added, or a device is changed/imaged/upgraded/etc
Not removing adults that have a systemic history of abuse of power, racism, and sweeping issues under the rug isn't going to benefit anyone except the people that facilitate and profit from these types of occurrences.
Unless there's an SRO assigned to every room in every school, they aren't realistically going to stop anything. They may be able to respond quicker, but kids are already going to be shot by the time they run in. SROs are a lot like the TSA. don't really accomplish a whole lot. Add onto that the issues with PPB, and police in general in this country, and that see-saw definitely stays one way.
Let's focus on fixing the police issues, and then we can discuss if SROs are a good solution or not.
&gt; I do not want that kind of trouble. Real question here: Have you bothered to look into it? It's been months since it came out, and you knew it was going to replace classic edge. Are there valid reasons why it won't work in your environment, or are you just looking to block it because you have no clue about it?
Never said you didn't know shit. But i am questioning your strong arm tactics with no good reason. Your job is to help people do theirs, not indescriminately force them to do what you want.
People don't suddenly become racists over night. He knew who and what she was long before those tweets. That public remark was nothing more than "i'm sorry she said it in a public forum"
You don't understand the difference between blood family and a wife? I can assure you if I did have a racist uncle, they wouldn't be in my life. Bottom line is, if he was truly repulsed by her thoughts, he never would've married her. And if he's not repulsed by those things, then you have to think maybe he's in the same mindset. At least to some degree
That's not entirely true. Just look at this situation, or the countless others in the past.
&gt; we’re probably equally as popular as the Seahawks wat? &gt; The sounders are bigger than the Mariners Your junior hockey team is probably bigger than the mariners
If he's healthy, then of course he plays. If he's not by now, then we need to question why we signed him in the first place.
So, there's lack of budget, and then there's this clusterfuck of running a 20 year old OS. Is there a reason why you're still working for this company? I'd imagine they treat/pay their employees about the same as they treat their critical resources.
Culture and nightlife be damned right?
You dont' actually live in Portland, do you?
Buying a house is a little more permanent than current happenings in the city
Even if this were a result of the protests, the answer is a resounding absolutely yes.
&gt; protest of a wrongful death a another man? I would agree with you if that's what they were protesting. But the protests are against systemic racism and long term police violence with no accountability. But you already know that...
They actually posted a video a few years ago of one of them walking and then falling over. It was good for a few laughs on here
Statements like this are the very reason why these protests are happening btw. Fighting centuries of racism and decades of police brutality needs to take the forefront before almost everything else.
After connecting to the VPN and pulling the update, your settings should be changed at next reboot/login. You don't need to be connected to the domain when the changes take affect. Just in order to get the new settings.
In the past, anytime I changed the location of folder redirections, I did it in multiple steps. make sure the policy is set to move contents back to the local machine if the policy is removed &gt; remove policy &gt; verify files are local &gt; change policy to new location It's going to require multiple reboots.
&gt; PPS is signaling to our families and students that their health isn't important. I don't think that's what they're signaling. It's not like they have a surplus of money and are just deciding to cut PE for no reason. Like it or not, PPS only has a set amount of money. If they can't afford everything, then something has to be cut.
breathing
This comment is a slamdunk
Lots of people still working from home. It all depends on where it's broadcast, and how easy it is to watch
And if it was a full round robin, someone would be complaining because they play more games. With our current number of teams, there is no way to make this completely fair and "not a joke"
Soooooo since these games count towards the regular season, when can I expect my refund for tickets?
Do they have a CD, or can you find an ISO for 2k? If so, I'd spin up 2 VMs and test.
Didn't you hear the news? Not all teams are doing that
NCAA plays far more games than MLS does. No way MLS would do this as it would cut out gate revenue for all non-local owners as well as take away a substantial portion of games from fans.
This is what you're going to have to deal with. It's a downside to BYOD and not having any sort of management. Your only real option here is education, and planning so you don't overwhelm support. &gt; If you've added the account to iOS more recently it may already be on modern auth even if basic auth wasn't yet disabled. Any modern device is going to default to modern auth if it's available
I'd go a step further. If you're their supervisor, why didn't you tell IT they needed access to it before they started?
So, you're not really looking for help here, but rather just bitch and moan?
I dunno. Lots of New Yorkers down there
So should we just cancel all games in any coastal city this time of year?
most NYers I know are pretty picky about their bagels. If there aren't any good bagels down there, seems like a pretty good business opportunity
Oh no? The other option is to not have games anyway...
&gt; I don't like it when people say hurricanes don't matter until August. No one said that. They said it's unlikely to matter since they're rare. That's far different than if one occurs and people shrug their shoulders and say "meh, it's only July, we'll ignore it" &gt; That kind of thinking will literally get people killed. You do realize that you get plenty of notice before you're actually IN a hurricane right?
I think /u/nerdlinger is saying the plan would possibly be to get on an airplane? Or a bus, or a car, train, whatever. take your pick
TBF, can you really be disappointed if you have zero expectations?
&gt; the stadium is very bland Wait'll you see their current team...
k....
It's at least an omission that there are canceled home games
Does this mean my Fernandez jersey is now worth something? No? Ok, I'll keep it right there next to the Melano one
I always thought he'd get a gig in USL
The intended purpose was for recordings of anything going on that might need to be looked at later. The actual purpose is more of a way to see if I really want to answer the door, make sure the garage door is closed, see if a package has been delivered, etc.
huh. You're saying another city would be a larger market in a thread about the selected city selling out of tickets?
Makes sense for you so you can play Chicago and Cincy. These kinds of things annoy the shit out of me though. Pretty fucking boring playing one team 4 times in a year. Although, I wouldn't be surprised if this happens anyway. MLS has certainly done some questionable things to try and get the best possible TV ratings.
&gt; If we decide to play Seattle vs Portland 6 times a year instead of 3, I think it's not as much of a "rivalry week". I 100% agree. It's also fucking boring. Historically though, these games have been huge marketing and money making boosts for MLS. Their views on that haven't changed. &gt; I think playing LA vs LAFC in a fan-less preseason tourney for TV ratings diminishes the rivalry more than anything. I disagree with that. The fans aren't that important to the game itself.
What about printing the wall guide taller, and then just having removable spacer plates over the spindle and under the tape?
I agree. But I don't think 1 or maybe 2 games is going to change that. Obviously, if no fans was permanent, that'd be a different story.
Dude, I literally have his jersey....
The other option would be 9+pm and someone would bitch about that.
Please tell me you're not surprised
We got some from birds and bees a few weeks ago
I think the only thing that makes this look more rigged is NYRB in group A.
LAFC all "Yo, we can't be bothered with this silliness. Mark, you in?"
shocked pikachu face
We should've just done "sealed envelopes"
"blind draw"
I'm sure it's somewhere. We probably just can't see it
&gt; I can't imagine they'd skip SEA-POR or the Hudson River Derby. Those are literally the only 2 that weren't matched up
&gt; Getting hung up on blackhat/whitehat is pretty silly, though- there's literally no race history, it's just that it was the quickest way to differentiate good guys and bad guys in Westerns shown in black and white. You may want to re-read that sentence a few times and take a couple of minutes to reprocess it.
&gt; good guys would wear a white hat and bad guys would wear a black hat Have you asked yourself why white was "good" and black "bad"?...
&gt; Is there anything to be cautious or aware of Yeah, don't do it. I'd literally find just about any other solution than deal with them again. They've got some very strange processes and thoughts on how people should be doing things. They then proceed to force you into their methodology, and will actively delete/silence you if you post about it on their forums.
All of us are jealous how great that is. Some just act like a 7 year old when they say it.
Wait, you guys weren't even picked at all
&gt; If I hear another coach say "unlucky" I automatically assume they're a bad coach. I dunno. Whenever the other teams wins by a header that's obviously offside, and the ref refuses to fix it, what else are you going to say?
Like any service, look at it's historical reliability. You'll find that any major company that offers SSO has such a low downtime that it's negligible. Your job is to show that number, and then explain the plethora of benefits. Really, SSO is an easy sell. Not only does it have security benefits, but it has quality of life benefits for the end user too.
That would make sense. Good marketing, good PR, and less likely it gets torn down and the store looted, but that's not what happened. There are countless videos showing random people drawing things.
&gt; Management has given me around $1000 to spend, any ideas? Yeah, tell them to up that about 20 times. You're not going to get that amount of storage in anything even remotely business/enterprise grade anywhere near that price point. For reference, I just spent about that much for a new synology at home reusing drives I already had.
And the device alone is at least 3x the budget
Craft beer hasn't been sub 10 in years
and that's not even half the places in that area. Assembly brewing is around there, Char pizza, Pizzeria Otto is awesome too. We also have other places that aren't pizza. I think...
Nah. He'll suddenly become woke and support kneeling. It's too mainstream for him to fight now, and he'll get more backlash than is worth it. Before, it was a talking point that he could get a few people riled up about, start some chatter, then it would disappear
It's not that...it's the symbolism The "This is art" argument is garbage. We all know the point of the statue is to honor and hold him at high esteem. It's not some random face carved into marble.
Does he need to have a connection? MLS teams have been increasing in value pretty drastically recently. There's no reason to think that's going to stop anytime soon (and likely even speed up more). Add onto that the big names that are involved in Miami, LAFC, etc, and owning an MLS team is becoming the "in thing", and it's still relatively cheap to invest in.
&gt; Gatekeepers of information This is a huge one, and something that I've seen a lot of people do. Especially those in one-man or small shops. They're also the people that complain the most about being over worked. Hoarding information isn't job security. It's personal suicide. Share your knowledge, educate people, teach them to do those simple things themselves. It'll save your sanity, and allow you to do more impactful things that ACTUALLY contribute to job security.
&gt; I get my own technicians if needed and put the equipment on the company credit card. And you're complaining about the other policies being bad?.....
Okta, Duo, and Microsoft are going to be your 3 biggest options here.
Hey Bill, if everyone knew how to socially distance, your teammate wouldn't have tested positive last week
I'd argue "doing everything to prevent its transmission" would involve removing yourself from any contact with someone that could've been in contact with someone infected within the last 14-21 days. Which is exactly what MLS is trying to do here.
So, you're saying that if the Timbers could recruit players from Houston, there'd be an intense rivalry?
IMO, it's mostly this. And popularity of the sport. When there are generations in a family that support the same team, pass down stories, legends, etc, people become far more passionate about it. When you have passionate people on both sides, stories get exaggerated, and people hate the other team. A lot of reasons, they don't even really know or remember why they hate that team, they just do. We simply don't have that here yet.
Your posts continue to make zero sense. What would be the basis for "an intense rivalry" between two cities over 2,000 miles apart with absolutely nothing in common and no history between them?
&gt; We have no idea what support would be like for second clubs in those cities. We also have "no idea' what support would be like for a club in Skagway Alaska, but with their sub 1,000 population, we can take a pretty educated guess.
If we believed all of this stuff, there would be zero IT jobs in the US. The only infrastructure would be cloud based supported by folks in India.
And this is the case for most companies that have an ERP. Even if there's a one to one cloud based solution that'll run your ERP and those modifications, they still need to get there and be tested. Then you need to import and test your data. And we haven't even talked about connectivity and security yet. That's all a HUGE chunk of money and time that isn't being offset by either a cost savings on one end, or an increased benefit.
Yes, but they're applied the next time you login. Even if you're not connected to the VPN/DC.
&gt; "non franchise soccer isn't interesting". Never said that. What I said was support would be low for both teams. Low support means lower revenue. Lower revenue means lower player salaries. Lower player salaries means lower quality players. Lower quality players means a lower quality game. A lower quality game, means less interesting. Imagine not being able to see past your own nose and actually look at the situation. We've had a lot of anti-MLS trolls around here, but you're by far the worst when it comes to making any sort of actual argument. Even MGHeinz made sense once in awhile.
&gt; His defense has been close to horrendous. I'm not sure you know what good defense is
It's pretty obvious they know absolutely nothing about either of those cities. They came back at me with some "east side of the river" crap like Portland is 50 miles wide or something.
That's not how email works.
&gt; I’m wondering how much longer I should hold on to this job? You're the only one that can answer that. You have two options here: 1) Shrug your shoulders when you can't do something, and point to not having the correct access. Tell your boss why something isn't getting done, and move on with your life. Don't take it personally, don't get stressed out about it, and accept that's just the way it is. If you're not able to do that, your only other option is: 2) Find a new job. Figure out if you're comfortable with option one. If not, then the decision is easy. We're in the middle of a global pandemic here. Even if the CIO is genuine in their desires, the reality is, it's a slow transition in the best of times, and will likely take 2-3times longer in the current global situation.
Obviously guessing here, but it sounds like they're CTO in name only and are actually a sysadmin.
Sure, but wouldn't it just be pretty much business as usual? Have a good backup/DR plan. If your office is bombed and no longer exists, put your plan into action. If you're personally in immediate danger, then would you even care about the servers or the company? I doubt many people would.
Shared mailbox for 30 days, or until we're told it's no longer needed. Whichever is shorter Download and archive of PST for 6 months, or until we're told it's no longer needed. Whichever is shorter Purged from our backups according to our normal backup retention policies.
&gt; Yep. Totally forgot about that. I think that's what Kroenke says when someone reminds him that he owns the Rapids.
&gt; You could spend a ton of hour building transport rules to remove stuff. And that wouldn't even completely work. You can't remove the from address from the headers. Even if you could completely strip the from address, you'd entirely break email functionality. You'd no longer be able to reply to emails. The only way this is even technically possible is an entirely self-enclosed CRM solution. Where all emails flow through that system and aren't accessible anywhere else.
ok other random folk on the internet....
Yeah, but it doesn't take a rocket scientist to understand that as there are more protests, and more people, you'll have more cases. Hence the "seeing the initial cases". Your spike is going to be somewhere further in the future than the initial 14 days.
I'm not even reading this whole thing. My comment will be the same. Anyone that purchases Symantec in 2020 (or even the last decade), should know what they're getting into. If you don't, you're not doing the very basics of your job. There is zero reason to buy their garbage. There are plenty of better options, many of them even cheaper. This has nothing to do with being sold to Broadcom. They've both been absolute shit for years and years.
&gt; it could backfire and just reduce the quality of the league. Why would you even think that? Look at how much higher quality the play has been. Even in just the past 3 years. How are you qualifying "surpassing" them?
&gt; I meant going past the already determined 30 teams. What indication is there that that would decrease the quality of the league? There isn't any, and really, no reason to believe it would. &gt; EDIT: I qualify surpassing them as us being the universally agreed upon best soccer league in the world. Not gonna happen. Too many biased snobs in this world that wouldn't even give another league a second look. On top of that, I doubt MLS ever gets rid of the salary cap. That's always going to keep out some players.
Since all local contracts expire by 2022, and MLS has told teams not to renegotiate anything past that, I'm expecting (or at least hoping) that means they're working on a deal for all teams. One single platform that'll get rid of all these silly individual deals that fuck over fans one way or another.
They have the blackouts because they don't own the local rights to broadcast. It's not actually ESPN screwing fans, it's whoever locally owns those rights and them deciding to not air for whatever reason.
I agree with what you're saying, but IMO, the big thing holding MLS back at this point is increases in fans and viewerships. There are so many people that COULD be fans of a team, but it's next to impossible for them to watch on TV. Here in Portland, all of our games are either on KPTV (over the air), or root sports. That seems great in theory, but Root isn't OTA, and they don't have a streaming option. The ONLY way to watch all Timbers games is by paying Comcast. That's both home and away games. So I have to resort to illegal streams even though I pay for ESPN+. Between dead markets, and markets like Portland, there's a lot of potential fans that aren't being serviced. By taking a little less money for 3-5 years, you could substantially increase your fan base, and long term, come out way ahead compared to keeping things as they are.
Anyone know what magic River did to their roster so he could go back?
Borchers' clone should be about ready right?....right?
Imagine living in a world where people can't become educated and change their opinions....
That's one way to say you're wrong I guess. Stats and numbers don't lie and aren't an opinion.
Why would they put it right next to NYCFC's stadium?
&gt; I have watched plenty to know he wouldn't be a desired starter I'm questioning your statement that you've watched plenty... &gt; Not saying I am wring, just that my opinion is the minority one. Ok then. I'll say it. You're wrong.
That'll teach (or rather show) someone how to troubleshoot a specific issue. Teaching someone the concepts and methodologies of troubleshooting in general is incredibly hard to do.
Have you tried connecting to a different ethernet port at the new office? Both wall and switch? Are you actually getting an IP address? What happens if you ping the server? Tracert? Are you in IT, or are you just trying to solve this? If you're not part of the IT department, why not just let the MSP fix it?
I'd just leave them alone if you can. They'll move on their own
Isn't that normal for both LA teams?
That number is so weird that my first thought is: I'd like more information. Who are they testing? Are the people they're testing now different statistically than the people they were testing previously? What changed?
Are you really arguing about wanting more information or confirmation? Especially after the snafu earlier this week?
That's exactly what the protests are about. Just not in the way you're insinuating
It's more the land that's expensive. If you already have land, building a badic house like these is relatively cheap
Everything you posted here is exactly why they'll be running a tight ship and ensuring it doesn't get out of hand. A handful of cases is no big deal (in the grand scheme of this situation), but if they try to cover that up, and it ends up being a full blown outbreak, it's disasterous for them. No matter how off the deep end conspiracy theory you go, if half of the players aren't playing a game, it's pretty obvious what's going on.
&gt; I will not be surprised if they cancel the tourney next week. I'd be extremely surprised if they do. The only way anything gets canceled at this point is if a large number of players come out and boycott. Which would create all kinds of legal and contract issues for them.
&gt; six months prior. Weird. I signed up in February expecting to wait a few weeks. They showed up 2 days later at 6am
If you understood probability, you would know it makes absolutely zero difference how many times you do a spin. The percentages don't change because you did it 10 times.
That's not true. The chances just need to equal 100%. It's obvious the chance for frags is extremely low
&gt; I used 17 times and I didnt get any flash, gems or essence. Incredible statistics ha? That statement contradicts that. It's obvious you know nothing about probabilities, and are just complaining because you didn't get what you want.
&gt; Like pretty much everything regarding it's administration. It's pretty clear that you don't really know much about virtualization, or how to administer it. It's also pretty clear that you didn't come here asking for actual opinions or help, but to push some silly thought that virtualization is bad.
Not only have I seen a company use pirated versions of MS Office, but their IT consultant actually charged them for it.
&gt; (the Big O has hosted ads that triggered my antivirus) They've hosted quite a few browser hijackers. One was up for almost a full month after I reported it. It's clear they don't actually care about what ads they're posting, and that only further screwed them.
&gt; duel Noctura's Well, there's your problem. If your fans are busy fighting each other, they aren't going to cool very much
Most of my PLA garden stakes are missing parts after just the 2nd year.
They could find an MSP that isn't shady. There's really zero reason for the customer to not have admin credentials. In fact, I'd argue that there's no reason for the MSP to have the password for the default domain admin. Setup an account correctly for the MSP. It covers your client, and it covers the MSP's butt if the client does something silly as it won't be logged under anything they have access to.
So make it optional with an increase in pay? Sure, not everyone would do it, but you don't need everyone.
Remember when Hamid said players know how to socially distance and protect themselves?...
&gt; How would they enforce this to an unwilling customer? How do we enforce the shirt and shoes thing?
Although maybe true, it's courteous to at least inform the person. It's a pretty shitty thing to conduct interviews for a position that's not open. I'd be pretty livid either way. I'd also look for where the ad was posted, and apply for it just to see what the manager does. You'd essentially be calling them out while putting them between a rock and a hard place.
This isn't the place for this question, nor should anyone here be helping you. We have no way of verifying your story.
Why do you feel it's the job of someone in security to install a NIC in a printer?
It's also a supporter's cup. Would be kinda weird to give it out if there are no supporters present.
He improved dramatically last year, and was becoming a competent leader on the field. I think he was still on the up with his skills. Yes, he was out of position sometimes, and yes he isn't the fastest person, but you need to take everything into consideration. He wouldn't be my first option as a starter, but certainly would be for the bench, and backup. Plus, IIRC, he wasn't all that expensive.
I had someone from ringcentral call me the 3rd week in March (yes, just as states were going into lockdown). Told him it's irresponsible to be making cold calls at this time, and obviously, we're not going to be making drastic changes to our phone system. He chastised me for telling him it was inappropriate to call, so I told him to remove all of my company from his contact list. He laughed, and said "I'll just call someone else at your company" I told him he'd just get forwarded back to me anyway, and that he should really have a small clue about what he's selling since I'm now blocking all of ringcentral from even reaching us.
Or, it's just a made up story
&gt; The police literally want it to be impossible to be fired. Honestly, this is one of the primary goals of all unions. Increase pay, and decrease possibility of being reprimanded.
&gt; What you need is a Republican governor who makes limiting union power one of their key campaign goals. I don't recall ever seeing a single republican who's goal was limiting police union power. They might exist, but it goes against a lot of the GOP's core beliefs.
I'm not going to argue with you about how horrible GOP led states are when it comes to police.
Thinking down of your customers as a reason to do anything is shitty logic.
Yeah, down in Milwaukie [https://www.bobsredmill.com/whole-grain-store.html](https://www.bobsredmill.com/whole-grain-store.html) edit: looks like they do have some, but limited to 2 per customer.
&gt; It all depends on whether you want to fight it in court or not. "The governor said masks were required indoors" isn't enough?
&gt; if it is relative to how close you are to the Equator, we’re screwed. Oh, hi
&gt; I would need to manually create a mailbox for them? No. At the end of the day, the only differences are: 1) You would need to use ADSI edit to change exchange attribs and 2) It's not a supported scenario as far as MS is concerned. The question is, how much do either of those matter. Our 2010 exchange went belly up a few years ago. Everything we tried to get it back online (including restoring backups) failed. After countless hours, I made the call to move on from it. The intention was to spin up a new 2016 server. However, you have to do some verification that you actually have an older exchange server running in order to request a management key from MS. Obviously, we couldn't do that. I spent a little time arguing with support about it, but again, at the end of the day, I made the decision it wasn't worth our time. We've had zero issues running things this way for about 4 years now. No issues getting support from MS either. Albeit, we haven't been in a very complex support situation either. tldr; If you have the ability to go with a supported scenario, just do it. If you don't, don't stress about it as it really isn't a big deal IMO.
I saw "mancave" and then "still" and thought they were both room names. Thought you were running some sort of moonshine operation
Good to know! I'll add it back on our project list to look into. Thanks
When do you say someone "no longer has it"? Some people are affected for months. I want to know total number of cases (because that gives me an idea of transmission rates, and how seriously people are taking this). I also want to know the number of daily cases as that tells me if we're getting more or less.
Ask the person you replied to. I simply pointed out CA has the largest population in the US. Your complaining about their political statement while making one of your own is stupid and what I was calling out.
Turns out, huge sports complexes run by mega corporations with their own TV options tend not to be in the middle of nowhere.
The thing is, as a customer, I don't need to know the little nuances of your product in the first stage of research. And that's what a lot of sales people and companies seem to not understand. I'm not going to spend an hour on the phone going over little details of what your software can do without at least a ballpark price range. I'm not going to waste my time (or yours), if your product is priced at 100k and my budget is 50k. It's important that sales people understand what the actual buying process entails, and it's clear that so many simply don't.
The problem with NFC, is that if you have issues forgetting a key, you likely will have issues forgetting your NFC device. The problem with biometrics, is that consumer grade can be problematic, and potentially open you to false positives, or false negatives. That's why the majority of devices are keypads with codes.
&gt; The compensation for being on-call is that you get half of the following Friday as comp time That's not at all suitable compensation IMO. You're trading 101 hours of on call, mostly 3rd shift for 4 hours of comp time. The number of calls is largely irrelevant. When you need to be close to a computer, and within cell/internet range, you're no longer free to do whatever you want. That's working, and you should be compensated appropriately for it. Either shift that person's schedule from normal daytime hours to the oncall hours + compensation, or extra pay for the time, plus an increase when work is actually being performed. &gt; should after-hours scheduled work be assigned to the on-call tech by default or only if no-one volunteers? Depends on how the compensation is done. If it's an hours shift, sure, with the assumption that it might not actually get done if calls come in. &gt; Senior management believes that compensation is already generous enough to justify the increased workload that scheduled after-hours work would present and as such no change to compensation would be necessary. Of course they do, but they're wrong. &gt; the engineer fulfilling the work could be compensated with time-off-in-leu In this situation, never accept time off as compensation. You're getting the short end of the stick there.
&gt; Would you care to elaborate on this? It was a hasty reply. For clarification, I'm assuming they're wrong. If you were being adequately compensated, I don't think you would've made this post. Anyway, a businesses leadership's goals are to maximize profit. In an MSP, the techs are the product, so if you can reduce costs, you increase profits. If that leadership didn't think you were being fairly compensated, they would (I hope) just fix that. So, the argument is always what you stated. They'll also (and again, this is just based off of my experience working at MSPs in the past, and talking to colleagues), argue that you're not actually working all of those hours you're on call. Which is categorically false. Anytime you're restricting your freedoms and personal life to be available for work, you're technically working, and should be compensated for it. &gt; What would you see as fair compensation? I can't really answer that without knowing what exactly it is you're doing. But as a quick exercise, you're working approximately 101 extra hours every 2 months, or a total of 606 on call hours every year. To put that into even more perspective, that's an extra 15+ weeks, or almost 4 extra months. In exchange for that, you're getting 24 hours of comp time. Does that really seem fair? Probably not, but let's drill that down (just incase you're making an incredibly high hourly wage). Take that 606 hours, and add it to your normal schedule (2080 hours), for a total of 2686, and divide that by your salary and see exactly how much you're making an hour. Once you do this, it all begins to make a lot more sense in just how much you're being taken advantage of. Now, you really can't be expected to have a 1to1 compensation, but you should be receiving SOME compensation. And being paid for the time that's billable hours (ie, you're doing actual work). The last MSP i worked for, it was $200 for the week plus time and a half for any billable hours. That was about 10 years ago. I was also not helpdesk, so time and a half was a substantial rate, and I only did it twice a year.
&gt; I was under the impression that fingerprints were much more secure than codes. You've literally been breaking into your own house, so you know how easy it is. I wouldn't worry about that so much
So sad. Anyone know where else i can go that the tables are so close together, someone's ass grazes my plate as they walk by?
Unless they have a medical condition, or young child at home, I'd bet money that they all still show up. They might complain about it, thump their chest a little, but they'll be there.
"If the USMNT has better players, they'll win more games" news at 11? This is on par with "We need to score more than the other team in order to win"
&gt; Nationally Televised games Which the entire tournament is?
Move to the west coast. Problem solved
IME, it was typically not enough at Montage
&gt; if you try, you can limit your exposure to hotel staff to almost nothing. Not even any need for the players to try. They'll all be on a very regimented schedule. Pretty easy to get rooms cleaned during the time. Players will likely never even see hotel staff
FYI, you can set that up to auto launch the RDP session so your users don't need to click the icon.
Install and setup WMS. From there, it's literally a menu item with a section to enter what server/machine to connect to. If all of your thin clients are connecting to a different location, just setup a group and policy for each one.
Why not just find a VAR and buy through them?
You can also set it to auto-reconnect. The only issue there is it'll time out if it's not logged into the RDP session in time. A little extra network traffic, but unless you're talking thousands of these, it's not really a big deal. We set ours up this way so it's a familiar login process for the end users.
I'd suggest finding a competent VAR then.
&gt; In 20 years of doing this kind of work, having worked with probably a dozen different VARs during that time, some national, others regional, none mom-and-pop, I have yet to have any give me a reasonable price out of the gate on Dell or Cisco gear My VAR gets me great deals on both with absolutely zero hassle. I email him what I'm looking for, couple of days later, he emails me a quote and that's it. No phone calls, nothing.
"Research, Educate Yourself, Inform others." "Be Responsible" While we do none of those things
That place is a shitshow in the best of times
Nike and Intel both perpetually lay people off, bring on consultants, hire people back, and circle around. I've known people at both of them that were laid off, started as a consultant the next week, and were hired back full time the following year.
It's not like they don't travel for half the season, or spend a month in preseason. Some of y'all act like these guys are going from spending 24/7 in their plush mansions to a studio in Jersey they can't leave.
Sure, not disputing that. But so many people cry chicken little when Nike or Intel layoff people, but it's literally a yearly thing. I'm just saying people should calm down a little until there's more information on what's actually going on.
&gt; gonna be locked up for a month Stop acting like it's a prison. It's not. They aren't confined to their rooms with nothing to do. I mean, Moutinho even said he was going to "play PS4 with the boys". And, he seemed kind of excited to be there. Certainly not upset and pissed off like you're trying to imply everyone is. Let's also not forget the fact that (assuming they care about their health), even if they were at home, they wouldn't be out partying or whatever anyway. And finally, people are pointing at the relatively small handful of people that have spoken out about not wanting to go, while ignoring the people that do want to go, do want to play, etc. This obviously isn't an ideal situation, and there's no right or wrong answer as to if they should or shouldn't play, but let's stop pretending these guys are some sort of innocent victims being locked up against their will.
No matter how it went for someone else, it's not any sort of indication how it's going to go for you. However, if your management is "mandating" everyone go back to the office, I'd expect any pushback to go horribly bad. Their mind is already made up, and you're not going to change it.
&gt; there are some serious liabilities for companies that force you to work in known hazardous conditions. Although true, goodluck proving this is a "Known hazardous condition". Especially when the government at all levels is saying it's not.
You're asking for professionals to provide you with free work. Just stop
Marionberry pies are legit, but I sure miss a good shoofly pie
The marionberry cheesecake ice cream is even better
&gt; ive thought lalas was an ignorant asshole since he started saying shit about national anthems several years ago TBF, he's been an ignorant asshole about a whole lot more than just the anthem.
Pumpkin pie with a side of goodbye trump
Twellman enters the chat
As long as you set the MX record and necessary DNS records, then yes.
Hmmm...I only got halfway through that horribly written "article". Guess I need to go back and finish it now
&gt; she's miffed that people are caring more about black and trans lives recently and that somehow a year ago her husband garbage behavior would have been fine? People tend to surround themselves with like minded individuals. Especially when it's marriage.
&gt; It still takes him out of the operations Does it though?.....
I commend you on finding a new way to post bullshit
&gt; I assumed they would be able to stay afloat. We were in there for brunch about 2 years ago and were literally the only table there the entire time. Not even anyone else there when we got up to leave an hour later.
&gt; I can't even imagine what Portland will look like this time next year Assuming things are fully opened again by this time next year, I'm expecting this subreddit to be filled with "Did y'all try out the new place? It's being opened by the former owner of Montage (or insert your favorite place that closed this year)" Is it going to be rough and sparse for awhile? Yeah. But some of y'all act like new places are never going to replace the closed ones. And a lot of those are going to be the same people that owned the ones that just closed.
This is the same reasoning why Safeway and Fred Meyer aren't enforcing it
&gt; Good ol’ cable FYI, if you're in Portland, that's literally your only option.
&gt; Basing network design on "how much money can we get away with throwing at this? That's not what anyone is saying.... If using 6A rather than 5e only adds 5% to the project cost, why on earth wouldn't you? It's negligible, and that money would have little to no impact anywhere else. At some point, you'll need more than 5E cabling. Doing it now for minimal costs will save having to do the entire project over again at that time. The major project cost here isn't the materials, it's the labor. By utilizing more than the bare minimum now, you'll be able to extend the time until you need to recable again. &gt; money that could instead be used to improve the facilities in a way that the residents will actually appreciate. Not familiar with how budgets actually work?
&gt; offer to provide them with as needed tech support at $125 per hour, 1/2 hour minimum or allow them to purchase blocks of time in 5 hour increments for $500 If you're anywhere near a decent sized city, that's way under charging. I wouldn't do anything for less than 150, and more likely 175-200 depending on how bent out of shape I was, or how over a barrel they are.
Wait, so you're complaining about people not knowing what RSAT is while logging into your workstation with local admin rights AND AD permissions?
&gt; I just want to give a list of the more important workloads to my manager which he can easily take and argument with to the higher levels. If your manager wanted this, or found it useful, they'd be asking for it right? &gt; work comes to us over different channels and then a lot of things are not seen. Everything should be seen at some level immediately above you. For example, I can easily log into the ticketing system, run some reports, and tell you how many tickets we had, how many bob worked on, and how many hours he spent working on those. I can also log into our project tracking system and immediately see what work was done on what projects this week, what projects are scheduled, start dates, completion dates, etc. The only thing I can't see is something someone isn't logging for some reason. And that shouldn't be happening.
