What are those blue things around some colonies? They look like capital marks, except light blue.
I'm gonna have to agree with you here.
Here's the Time Ghost videos about Nazi drug habits. [part 1,](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TXKPjiOHsoo) [part 2.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OuCXlD7gQ3o)
No problem. This "historical events in real time" idea has been genius.
Non-FDA approved drugs (or drugs produced by companies with poor FDA oversight) harm consumers, as outlined by the podcast above.
I guess it's a tradeoff between safety and price.
June 1941 was not winter. It was just after the Rasputia season (mud, and more mud) so they couldn't start earlier.
What's you opinion of a completely statist solution of pigouvian taxation (cap and trade, carbon taxation/dividend)? I tend to agree with Glaeser that large, dense cities are much more environmental than spread out rural living.
I have to say: I agree. Open society, open borders, taco trucks on every corner.
Schengen Part 2: American Boogaloo. Some kind of Hemispheric Common Market.
There was an 8Ball deck built with Collected Company.
&gt;liberal policy It's behavioral econ, through and through. Near where I live, there's a large section of Army Corp flood control land that developers keep trying to build on. Meanwhile some people who don't want that land developed don't want to develop up. Despite the NIMBYs, the town is slowly growing over 4 stories.
That doesn't look like final victory over House Corrino.
Pigouvian tax https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pigovian_tax Why it works: https://youtu.be/JDcro7dPqpA?t=620 It's in mid NC. People here don't want to build denser, but some people know that we shouldn't be bulldozing forest and wetland.
What is not dead but can eternal lie, in strange eons, even death may die.
Cargo ships are the most efficient on a mass-distance measure.
Carbon Taxes?
What do you think of the dividend model? All the revenue is divided evenly among taxpayers, then everyone is cut a cheque for that total. People who are conscious about their footprint get paid, those that don't pay.
Hold on, there's an Our World in Data graphic that refutes your assertion.
They're people of the land...
Go to all their neighbors and have them make our stuff. If we have anything they like they can buy it for us too.
Make it easier for companies to protect their IP in the member nations of said trade block. China dicking you over? Come over to Vietnam! You can access local markets without forced tech transfers.
Which is why the Jews have 2500 years of rabbinical arguments.
I would have said after Super Tuesday, where Clinton shot into the lead. I will wait till after Iowa to ask the bottom half to withdraw.
Bihemespheric common markets and Schengen area when?
Thank you, I love being complimented.
Technically he's right, but ignores mountains of historical context. Overall Bibi is a manipulative pos.
Listen: When you have a giant death robot throwing nukes at you, I'd think that was failure.
Oh God. Some apostates have never played fallout.
The whole series is parody of 50s and 60s American culture. Its hilarious.
Thanks Margaret Thatcher. 10/10 best climate deal so far. Have high Hope's for Paris.
I though the ARC reactor was expensive to run but used as a "science fair project" and to "shut up the hippies" till Tony found a way to militarize it "in a cave. WITH A BOX OF SCRAPS"
Whistler is not that much of a pain to get to.
I haven't been to many so my sample is kind of small. Just Jackson Hole, Killington, and a few small Appalachian resorts.
which is completely wrong. Hillary would have won if urban voters showed up in 4 states. Trump had less votes than Romney.
That was clearly the wrong choice for so many countries during ww2. I'm thinking checkoslovakia, Poland, Denmark, Norway, the Netherlands, Belgium, Luxembourg...
Fortress worlds. Cadia everywhere.
Blackstone fortresses are apparently stronger than necron tech. Wtf?
Curb your Civ II
Am liberal. Think you're full of shit. A student loan plan straight form Freidman's writings is income share agreements. The Uni (or other money provider) pays for school, then you pay a percentage of your income for a set period of time. Schools and orgs are successfully implementing these programs now. Lib plans for healthcare are primarily Individual Mandate with a universally available Public Option. Such a plan passed the House in 2010 but then ARGEHHHHNKLVCNAS&gt;&gt;DD. Fuck Joe Lieberman.
The way I see it, an too large number of low income individuals don't make it through the 13 years with the grades and skills that would see them through the next 4.
I would say that tactics would have evolved to work with and against the new armored vehicles.
They crashed a Fortress into the planet. Which apparently was enough.
I dont know what schools of thought you follow, but there is a wide gulf between social democrats and democratic socialists. Soc dems are much closer to liberal ideology than they are to dem socs, who are closer to cyndicists or anarchist.
Depends on the meta. Would you pass up four draw triggers for 1 mana that puts your grave trolls back in the yard? E: legacy dredge.
Got invaded. Isolationism TOTALLY WORKED for them.
Who needs the New Dem in the coalition anyway? /s
Except there is turn of the 20th century supreme court precedent affirming mandatory vaccination.
Anyone who tells you there is nothing left to learn is quite foolish; and any new knowledge is a blessing indeed.
If you look at who supported the Crime Bill, you find quite a few African American community leaders. There's a good book about things community leaders have done in a misguided attempt to fix their communities, but I forget the title.
'The Base' does not exist. The Dems are a big tent organization, and the factions that show up to the polls and community events get their agenda on the ballots. Politicians pandered primarily to people populating polling precincts.
I think you're underestimating the cottage industry of subsidiaries in the large Corps supply chains. &gt;mercantilism only benefits the merchants, and should therefore be avoided, even made illegal. This is completely wrong. Mercantilism is where you import raw material and export finished goods to accumulate as much gold and sliver as possible. To accomplish that the states imposed monopolies and pursued colonial expansion for said raw materials. Ricardo and Smith should have put that notion to bed for good. Edit: what do you have against matching theory? As for the merchants point, who do you think carries goods between markets? Being a middle man isn't wrong.
Ricardo, Keynes and Hayek.
Haha. Neoclassical is not libertarian, it's dominated (at the macro level) by Keynesian though on monetary and fiscal policy.
I feel the need to interject that economics can't make a statement on morality. What it can do is see how many people's needs are met by the allocation of scarce resources.
I have a very limited pool of economists (n&lt;10) that I have asked about voting habits. They vote center left. I identify as a neolib, haven't found the right flair.
I would counter with Norman Borlaugh.
Then they shall become succs.
Benito is sad you've forgotten him.
Alfred Kahn was an industrial engineer. He's known as the man man who built Detroit. Didn't Thatcher and Regan stop most everyone form using CFSs?
The Bill was championed by the congressional black caucus, then the cities seem to have improved. Of course I think the crime bill was largely ineffective at the change.
Damn. I got autocompleted.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Germany%E2%80%93Soviet_Union_relations,_1918%E2%80%931941#Treaty_of_Rapallo_1922_and_secret_military_cooperation
Somehow the country with Marxists-Leninism and Maoism in its constitution is not socialist. Funny that.
And they extol Juje in theirs.
&gt; The gene that is Round-up proof is eventually absorbed by the consumer so who knows what it will do to your body. I am part avocado from all the guacamole I eat.
Most of the promotional materials have been looking at poor urban people, not farmers, who depend on rice as a staple crop. Subsistence farming wasn't much better either.
Dry cask storage exposes the public to less radiation than a flight across the US. Here's a fun fact: Total greenhouse gas emissions from power plants in California increased by 35% from 2011 to 2012, according to figures from the California Air Resources Board, which per the World Nuclear News is partly due to the early closure of San Onofre.
Train VS nuclear containers. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2jzugX2NMnk https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mILvWNgggfU
Hey billionaires (and Monsanto) if you're listening, please pay me for doing the stuff I do for free, with only a high school physics and some college chemistry knowledge.
You know what exposes you to more radiation than living next to a nuclear power plant? Flying. Glances out of cabin window.
This, but unironically.
I did some math and you do get more nameplate capacity with renewables, but nuclear has a 85-90% capacity factor while wind and solar have a &lt;30% capacity factor (usually between 22 and 27) So you need to build 3 times as much to get an equivalent MWh annual output.
[Looks at the excessive red tape and NIMBYism around nuclear energy] What subsidies? And nuclear often doesn't qualify for carbon free grants and tax breaks the rest of the industry gets.
I dont. Radioactivity is energy waiting to be converted into electricity.
I used the final cost of Diablo Canyon nuclear power plant and Alta Wind Energy Center with 2017 dollars and power outputs. Quite a few problems with building new nuclear in the West during the 2010s is that the construction infrastructure has broken down during construction lull of the 90s and 00s. Contractors didn't retain the institutional knowledge, and most reactors are not the same model as other reactors, so some engineering knowledge gained in one project may not transfer to another different model reactor. France built their pressure vessels centrally, and serially built their power plants with many of the same contractors, so they were able to do it quickly and cheaper than the US method.
Alta WEC cost 2.8 billion for an installed capacity of 1.5 gw. Alta has a capacity factor of 23.5% (2017) Diablo Canyon cost 13.8 billion with an installed capacity of 2.2 gw. Given that Alta has an annual output of 3.1gWh, and Diablo Canyon has an annual output of 17.9 gWh, one would need to build 5.7 Altas to equal the power output of California's last nuclear power plant. If I have my math right, that's 16 billion for 5.7 Altas. According to your comment, 16 billion is a half of 13.8 billion.
https://www.world-nuclear.org/information-library/nuclear-fuel-cycle/nuclear-wastes/decommissioning-nuclear-facilities.aspx &gt;In the USA, utilities are collecting 0.1 to 0.2 cents/kWh to fund decommissioning. They must then report regularly to the NRC on the status of their decommissioning funds. About two-thirds of the total estimated cost of decommissioning all US nuclear power reactors has already been collected, leaving a liability of about $9 billion to be covered over the remaining operating lives of about 100 reactors (on the basis of an average of $320 million per unit).
The problem with Moore's law is that we're running into electron tunneling through closed logic gates if we get much smaller. Fortunately very smart computer scientists have made developments in parallel processing, and are limited more by software taking advantage of more cores.
I was trying to compare power providers in the same state (so there would be similar state labor regulations) and that I had done before. There haven't been any reactors produced with existing production since Comanche Peak. Watts Barr, Vogtle, and Sumner have had to rebuild that infrastructure. NIMBYs are everywhere, and will try to stop any new nuclear.
&gt; We need to become aggressive and vote in a war like manner. Less in a warlike manner, but more in a mass mobilization manner. Help fellow progressives to the polls, party meetings, and other events that influence public policy.
Maduro makes sure to pay off the right people to maintain his position of power. His ruling coalition lasts as long as he can appease enough of the right people.
The KPD refused to form an anti fascist coalition with the social Democrats at the direction of Stalin. Fucking vanguardists.
&gt; nuclear How is this a bad thing? Waste management is viable today, with on site dry cask storage, until we can engineer a way to extract energy form the radioactive material.
&gt;Tulsi Found the Republican
If we were there for the oil, why did the price shoot up to over 100 a barrel?
War is bad for trade.
I have an IRA. Does that count?
War with Iran will slow global economy, which will be bad for everyone's retirement funds.
Trade is good for the global poor.
They did gas the Iranians and the Kurds.
Most other developed nations use multi payer systems, and seem to be doing fine. Why is there all this fuss about single payer?
A lot of that is state and local level, which is both great and a travesty.
England and Canada have always been multi payer. There are services that the NHS won't provide that you have to see an outside practice for. Some of those services won't be covered, but there are private insurers for. Please stop perpetuating Rose Twitter lies or misleading statements.
IIRC the FHA did a study on "moving to success." The data shows that families with young children benefited from attending better schools, while there was little to no statistical effect on older children and adults.
I like the use of all of the above to ensure fairness.
Boeing asked for anti dumping tariffs on a Bombarier line of planes. The US Government responded by imposing tariffs well in excess of what Boeing was asking for.
Politicians generally tell the truth, or at least make a good faith attempt to follow through with their promises. This according to an analysis of federal level elected officials.
I thought Israeli nukes came from France.
Long lived fuel is no more dangerous than heavy metals like lead and mercury. They're probably less dangerous because they are more controlled. Some of the long lived waste is less radioactive than the uranium ore it came from. What you have to worry about are the short lived decay products, that are extremely radioactive for 150 years or so.
Billions of years ago, there was a natural nuclear reactor in Oklo, Gabon. U235 rich ore was inundated by groundwater. The water moderated neutrons and allowed the ore to undergo fission. The heat form the fission would boil the water, temporarily stopping the reaction until more water would flow into the vein. Scientists have been able to track the movements of the fission products, and they didn't get very far in the rock. That's why deep repositories are considered safe.
Where can I be paid to be right on the internet?
And We'll all go 🎵 together when we go!🎶
Hillary identifies as a ww2 fighter plane
&gt; They weren't beaten as soldiers, I'm going to ask what happened at Midway, Guadalcanal, the Philippines, and Okinawa.
State being the diplomatic service of the US. I guess some people want the borders to be closed, and nothing in the US to interact with the outside world.
Their ships had been sunk, a blockade was in place, and their cities were being bombed almost daily. If that's not beaten, I don't know what is.
I dont think it's that. The Revolt Of The Public proposes that it's much easyer to unite against something than for something, elites used to be able to promise things and qs long as there was good faith effort to deliver the media would be more forgiving, and the ease of access to information is amkeing it easier to find info that confirms your biases.
Yes, as I should be paying for potential complications arising from said amputation.
Yes we do!
Yes, I voted Whig last election /s
I'm fairly sure he would be at home in New Labour.
This but unironically. Though hold the evangelical.
I've lost the bleeps, I've lost the sweeps, I've lost the creeps!
Or Russia
We'd also been spending the previous 20 years buying uranium from decommissioned Russian nuclear weapons. Check out the Megatons to Megawatts program.
There have been no meltdowns in US Navy reactors. 6000 reactor years of safe operations.
They could bury it in a decommissioned uranium mine. Just wait long enough that the waste is less radioactive than the ore it came from.
The Carnot cycle is amazing.
PWRs need to remove their fuel after 90 days before the concentration of Pu240 make the Plutonium unusable in nuclear weapons. Most fuel remains in PWRs for 18 months at a time.
Gen 2 commercial plant meltdowns in the west have killed. one person. at Fukushima. There have been deaths due to industrial accidents at nuclear plants, such as in construction or working with electricity.
Economists call this a negative externalities.
Yes. The U238 can fission with fast neutrons. Most reactors are thermal neutron reactors. There's some research into fast neutron reactors, but I'm not familiar with it. For anyone that isn't familiar: The U238 absorbs a thermal neuron and beta decays to Neptunium 239, then beta decays into Plutonium 239. The longer the plutonium stays in a high neutron flux environment, the more Pu240 builds up as Pu239 has a low probability of fission when it absorbs a neutron. The Pu240 cannot be used in a nuclear weapon because it's too susceptible to spontaneous fission and blows itself apart before the core reaches an optimum configuration.
There's so much history at the Hanford Site. I recently saw a guided tour of the High Flux Isotope Reactor by Periodic Videos at Oak Ridge. That is a cool facility. They have to surround the samples with unique fuel rod assembly to get the neutron fluxes desired.
Thanks. Sorry about the repeat question. I didn't see it.
Then why did the rest of the block implement the deal after Trump pulled us out?
This has to be in the top 50 dumb things I read this year.
According to the Chieftain, that's true.
Thatcher hated the Coal Union.
We in Demonic Consultation territory.
10 years ago I was told not to use wikipedia, but the citations were perfectly fine, I just had to show I read those as well. So wiki as a starting point.
The top comment mentions the flight data was lost around 6:15, at least an hour before a local 700 sunrise.
On the plastic bag ban: research shows that trash bag sales go up after the implementation of such a ban. Trash bags are over 3 times thicker than regular shopping bags.
Wouldn't it be full of JP that soon after takeoff?
No crowds generally follow the same laws as liquids, as do cars on a highway. I think it has something to do with general movements in a statistical direction through a channel.
With the direct assistance of the current ruling faction.
&gt; greens You mean the party with less than 300 members in elected office in a nation with 500,000 elected positions? You mean the Getting Republicans Elected Every November Party?
You're ignoring all the people who died in the war he started. While some are included in the 12-15 million figure, the Soviets lost some 25 million people to the war.
/r/ShitWehraboosSay From the replies, a Top Mind as well.
I don't know why insane progressives insist they vote for insane green candidates. Every four years they get votes, then they disappear until the next presidential race to campaign in swing states.
I'm not saying soviet scientists have not made major contributions to the field. What I'm saying is that some influential morons starved millions because he claimed that modern science was 'bourgeoisie propaganda'. Edit: Some of the shit Lysenkoists came up with. cold treatment of wheat grains, to the plucking of leaves from cotton plants, to the cluster planting of trees, to unusual fertilizer mixes—that academic biologists did not have time to demonstrate that one technique was valueless or harmful before a new one was adopted. The Party-controlled newspapers applauded Lysenko's "practical" efforts and questioned the motives of his critics. Lysenko's "revolution in agriculture" had a powerful propaganda advantage over the academics, who urged the patience and observation required for science.
Battle damage is not a usual failure mode commercial planes need to deal with on a regular basis.
&gt; Tehran itself is deep inside Iranian territory, about 300 miles from the Iraqi border and closer to 500 miles to any US naval forces in the Gulf. did you read the comment?
People need to be able to be challenged on their biases, no matter who they know. One of the major causes of China's rise was a bottom up push for land reform. Some farmers privatized their land, and were able to make quotas for once. Other villages copied them, and Deng Xiaoping recognized the realities on the local level by approving those policies on a national level.
Rereading them in my 20s, I found myself skipping large sections of XO and Debt. I wish I could find other decent thrillers.
I've been doing Autonauts recently, and some food is served in clay vessels that can be recycled. That was interesting to automate.
Australia has loads of proven uranium resources. They could be doing great even with a CANDU style heavy water reactor design. No uranium enrichment required.
And calling people goyim is not condescending at all, even if it's correct Yiddish.
I have yet to meet a French noun that isn't gendered.
It's almost like liberalism is right. Now we have to get the rest of the way there!
Just wain until you hear about war plan red.
What is very large, makes a lot of smoke and noise, takes down 20 liters of gas per hour, and cuts an apple into three pieces? A Soviet machine built to cut apples into four pieces.
You're thinking Austrian economics and libertarians.
Unfortunately Odysseus's men were greedy, and were punished.
007 was an air to air kill.
The rebels were though to have shoulder fired and other light aa missiles. They dont have the range to hit an airliner at altitude. The rebels had succeeded in shooting down several Ukrainian aircraft, but they were at low altitude. Then the Russians brought theater defense anti aircraft artillery.
The problem is that they are optimized for looking at thinks at different distances.
Can't loose any WN8, If I'm already a tomato.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_airliner_shootdown_incidents There's a few other Soviet/Russian incidents on that list.
But ironically
They're the same.
Choose up to one &gt;neoliberalism &gt;war Trade is usually stymied by war.
Lib! Dem! Surge! e: we got some salty Tories around here.
Wages are NOT negatively affected by immigrants. There are plenty of research that shows the opposite instead in prestigious journals like NBER. You can P hack your pay down to n &lt; 200 to show the opposite, but you will be rightfully called out as a right wing hack. If you want an explanation, there are 2 main factors. Immigrants demand services: they need food, water, housing, they want entertainment and other amenities. People who dont follow this argument usually cite the lump of labor fallacy. The second thing is that immigrants are usually at a disadvantage compared to natives. If they're not from an English speaking country, they may not have as much of a nuanced grasp of the language as well as a cultural understanding of the host country. The people who have the most to loose from immigration are, other immigrants from the same area as them, as they would be under similar impediments.
I think we need to minimize the area devoted to farming, and leave the rest of the earth the fuck alone.
https://www.nber.org/papers/w21123 https://www.aeaweb.org/articles?id=10.1257/jep.9.2.23 https://www.aeaweb.org/articles?id=10.1257/app.20150114 I'm a bit bored scrolling through the first few pages or Google Scholar.
Xcom gang rise up!
You dont have to pay that much to jog or bike around your neighborhood.
I guess they were mad that Boeing is not El Al. Though I don't see how that would make their opinion improve.
Overloaded transmission?
I sure don't feel worthless when I bring my board game collection to game night.
Populists gonna populist.
Can you find fault in the data instead of the source?
Not at all. If we remove China from the data set, the trend remains the same. If we include China, we find that much of that wealth comes form Deng's land reform approval, which you seem to hate.
Somehow china has more than 1,4 billion of the Earth's 7.8 billion people. I also like how your source clams that paleolithic and subsistence farmers have not been in worse than extreme poverty since the dawn of time just because they did not have money. Modern measures of extreme poverty (note the word extreme) look at a basket goods a person has to purchase to get the bare necessities (min of calories, water, shelter) Somehow Janet Yellen and Christine Lagarde are mansplaining. You're going to have to clue me in on that one.
WOT in Spin Tires when?
They ended Allende's recession, which was good. Pinochet's regime was repressive, which was very bad. Pinochet lost a referendum and stepped down, which was good. Chile today is one of the wealthiest countries in South America, which is good.
But the repression was bad. It would have been better to transition to liberalism as opposed to authoritarianism.
I got one in the t4 british BB. I had finished doing a grand tour of the caps, and the rest of my team had evaporated. On BB was seriously out of position, I managed to 1v1 a cruiser, then tanked a St Louis and a South Carolina till we hit 1k.
Took me most of the way to the Iron Duke
Helios just makes one dude an Ajanis Pridemate.
POKEMON LANDS! Hype!
That looks more like a site bid market.
Hahahahah. Oh you're serious! I guess Egypt, South Africa, Tunisia, etc were not as far or farther along in their development than Lybia.
From what I've read, multiple planes took off from that airport between the ballistic missile launch and the shootdown of the Ukrainian plane.
We are entering the No Malarkey Zone.
They didn't close the airspace when the expected a possible US response.
The US has a freight rail network second to none.
US cities are a little too far apart for rail. The only exception is regional rail, esp the Northeast Corridor.
So China and the USSR are communist when they're against the US, but never examples of successful communist implementation. Gotta love Tankie logic.
Senatorial term limits probably wont have the effect you want. California tried, and power shifted to the lobbyists as soon as the most effective legislators were term limited.
Oh wait, you're serious! Let me laugh harder.
https://www.aier.org/article/the-soviet-economy-was-not-growing-it-was-dying/
[citation needed]
&gt; -No obviously not fibbing.
It doesn't cross your mind that: Sanders may not have been telling the truth, and that Warren has claimed Sanders said that.
&gt; Him randomly deciding women can't be president literally doesn't make any sense. Can I cue the Curb Your Enthusiasm music here? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KLbc6RXz_mA First 10 seconds of this. https://i.redd.it/z9jzwhl7rjj21.gif Bonus about states that voted for Obama: https://thehill.com/homenews/campaign/415705-bernie-sanders-on-close-contests-of-gillum-and-abrams-many-white-voters
ESDF has the advantage of putting your pointer where it would sit on the home row.
Serial production reactors take 5 years to build. The Koreans have got that time to 3 years. The major costs are debt servicing before the reactor comes online, but that's the price when people want to build bespoke units.
I was addressing the construction point. Another good example is the French program that reused contractors on their reactors so they would have retrain the new crews.
Great card to play off Eccentric Sponsor, especially as Point Luna
The only one I can find definitive info on is Fessenheim, with more info on a reactor closure timeline to 2035, but no specifics. It looks likely they would shut down their CP0 and older CPY reactors, which have a lower power output. Most of them have 40 year licenses, which will come up for potential extension in the coming decade. France is a great example, as they were able to build a power infrastructure quite rapidly in response to the Oil Embargo. French air is also some of the cleanest in Europe, and as your article states, France will be closing it's last 4 coal plants before the next round of closures.
So they could have shut down the fossil fuels, and cut emissions. Amazing how that works! Most research shows that renewables loose effectiveness at 20-30% market penetration.
Those lefties would be morons because globalization and liberalism has caused the greatest increase in net standard of living in history. Lower middle class (and upper lower class) live better than Feudal and Renaissance upper class people did. Smith started it by eviscerating Mercantilism, and economists have been showing that yes, comparative advantage works.
One man gets the rifle.. (and other Adversary at the Entryway bull)
I haven't played for years, but I remember having fun with the Marza ult.
If a plane was crashing into a building, I would want to be INSIDE the containment structure of a nuclear power plant.
I don't know if you've been there in the past few months, the narrative is that the DNC is somehow cheating Sanders by asking tough questions.
Not 25% of them.
Have you seen them protesting nuclear and destroying experimental farms?
That's fine. I appreciate your insight. In West Virginia, Sanders won handily, but in exit polls most of his voters claimed to have no intention of voting for him in the general if Sanders won.
In the swing states that Hillary lost by 70k combined votes, the green party saw a &gt;70k increase in vote share.
Protesting involves destroying experimental crops and breaking into power plants. What happened to picket lines?
Half of them were in the basket of deplorable. The other half are people who have been left behind, and feel that they have been ignored by the elites, and need some support to get back on their feet. There are plenty of examples of post industrial towns implementing policies that successfully transformed their towns into service industry centered economies.
Evidence shows that peaceful protest is more successful than violent uprising. Just because that triggers extremists, doesn't make that analysis of the past 120 years false.
There are still people who only believe fox 'news'
My new carbon capture startup buries plant matter at the bottom of large bodies of water so they don't decay. In thousands of years, it will become the same as the coal we're digging out of the ground. Please support my kickstarter, I promise wildly unrealistic returns to any backers.
Can you please rephrase the first part? I dont get it.
People have compiled the data for me. Check out Why Civil Resistance Works: The Strategic Logic of Nonviolent Conflict by Erica Chenoweth and Maria J. Stephan from your local library.
That's a non sequitur. You asked me to prove it, I provided my citation. This isn't r/askhistorians
Is it possible to extend carbon free credits eligibility to nuclear?
cunts are deep, warm, and fun to play with.
They started Energende in the early 2000's.
We accept that certain weapons should be denied to civilians and certain militia groups. We accept licensing for heavy machinery with a potential to great bodily harm. Why can't we license and restrict certain classes of weapons?
A major cause of firearm injury is from self inflicted gunfire. So more stringent mental health screening to identify and prevent suicides, as well as destigmatizing asking for help.
Therefor pistols should be regulated more stringently than long riffles. It would make sense to homogenize firearm regulations across the nations.
Not if the system can have degrees of severity and volunteerism on the part of the public. For less severe cases, if I had a firearm, I could be asked to leave my collection with a trusted friend for some time, with the option to escalate to court orders. Another option is liability insurance, where an actuary has to calculate your probability doing something requiring a payout. This method has been useful to smaller police departments that cannot self insure, and have had serious pressure by their insurance companies to reform or loose their policies. Positive and safety oriented behavior is rewarded with lower premiums, while dangerous behavior increases premiums.
At the initial and least severe stages, ownership would not be forfeit, simply a request to remove firearms from easy and/or unsupervised access. That means (most likely) lock then up at a trusted acquaintance, or off property secure storage. Research indicates that most suicides are spur of the moment, and guns have been perfected over the past 1000 years to be supremely good at that. Studies that follow people prevented from committing suicide find that they usually don't reatempt. I'd assume lawmakers wouldn't be dumb enough to remove (even if they aren't permanently (for more than a calendar year) seized) without court order, but my expectations are quite low. There has to be a way to create inconveniences to easy access to firearms for troubled people. I would restrict pistols behind some sort of lisence for ownership. It's a bit harder to put a long rifle up to your head without some planning and forethought. I would quantify firearms by barrel length and muzzle energy. Mass of projectile and speed.
low energy rifles shoud be regulated less.
&gt; Russia this one's a democracy
I made biodiesel in HS.
It's Klobering time!
They're saying that populists are bad.
People want change the way Britain wants Brexit. No one can agree of the change they want.
&gt; Milquetoast "West Wing" style liberal bullshit that means literally nothing. Griping doesn't change the truth.
Populism is populism. Fortunately Sanders is nicer.
You're pretending like the Democrats have not been trying to reform healthcare since LBJ's great society. The only thing that stood in the way of a public option was Joe Lieberman in the ACA debate.
&gt; fake populist &gt; rile up his base I'm not seeing the contradiction here.
All of Jeff Bezos' wealth would pay each american 340 dollars each.
At least I can rest easy that this isn't the most dumb conspiracy I heard this month. Thank god for flat earthers.
Try providing a valuable service at a very low marginal cost. This message was sent from a Windows machine.
You do know that Purchasing Power Parity is an actively measured statistic?
Progressives hold underachieved promises against non progressives in the same way they don't hold progressive promises.
The dollar is worth that much mostly due to the financial industry, and the post ww2 marshal plan. The global economy is worth between 75 and 90 trillion, and petroleum is only 2-3% of that.
I noticed you also ignore the support from the USSR and China to NK. They also give examples like Sonora. There are loads of other societies with similar starting points, but with wildly different outcomes. I don't see where it rejects materialism, unless we are working under different definition of materialism.
Windows is valuable, so is my iphone, as was the plane I took to vacation, and a whole lot more items and services that make modern life comfortable.
And according to that historical determinism, capitalism will end any day now. any day now...
“In many cases rent control appears to be the most efficient technique presently known to destroy a city—except for bombing.” -Assar Lindbeck,
I feel contradictions between the title of the OP and your comment.
or anti-authoritarian
Please include that Sanders passed 7 bills, to Clinton's 3. Clinton was in office for 8 years, which is less than half of Sander's career. Weird stat to cherry pick.
I don't think so. They were stretching what they could do with new larger more fuel efficient engines. The 737 was designed low to the ground with small engines so that airports wouldn't need complex ground equipment. They can't lengthen the landing gear to make room for the larger engines. The only solution I see is a totally new air-frame, though pilots would have to be re-certified, which is something airlines don't want.
You take that back!
Both are likely true. Or they're ernst rhom nazis.
China is capitalist when people point out the failures of socialism, and socialist when they point out the failures of capitalism.
&gt; The democrats are center-**left** Biden's platform is in line with Clinton's. If we take your statement as true, there was no difference between Clinton and Bush, or Clinton and Dole.
*With a significant fraction of voters who indicated in exit polls they had no intention of voting Sanders in the general.*
That was to restart the ecological cycles, which would draw bison to graze on new grasses, not fire control measures.
You do know scientists have scanning electron microscopes?
We can't see anything outside the Hubble Volume, so it would be hard to see anything outside that. A level 2 multiverse is possible, but there are currently no ways to test for them. I guess we need larger and more powerful particle accelerators. Nice job on typing that on your phone, though some of it reads as written by markov chain.
Here's an example. http://sebpearce.com/bullshit/
Here's one source, though it's getting a bit late for me. https://thehill.com/blogs/ballot-box/presidential-races/279430-nearly-half-of-sanders-voters-in-west-virginia-would-vote
The Borlaughist USDA would revolt before letting Lysenkoist policy into the US.
Yes. It failed at 253% flight load, which is terrible, because it was designed to fail at 250% flight load.
I love Hillary...
I would point to my linear algebra book, but for videos YouTube, skillshare, and brilliant probably have videos.
Keep in mind, glass is heavier than plastic, so more energy is used in transportation vs plastics.
No. It wasn't Nestle. Flint was buying water from Detroit, but was feeling they were getting scalped, so they invested in an aqueduct. Detroit didn't like that. At some point Flint switched to flint river water which was much more corrosive, something they either didn't check for or didn't want to pay to alleviate. The corrosive water leached away the protective mineral layer that blocks the lead from dissolving in the drinking water, then leached the lead into the water. Now you know better, And knowing is half the battle. And you can stop spreading falsehoods.
From reporting on the thin bag ban, researchers hav found a corresponding spike in trash bag sales. People were using them as trash bags, and Trash bags are much thicker than grocery bags.
Some people don't like that, despite MCAS being used on military transports for ages.
Have you seen the Lysenkoist policies he implemented?
[[Dispatch]] would like to call.
I'm dreaming of a dead city🎶 down in deep R'lyah.
Not really. The Kurds in Iraq are armed, and they were genocided by Saddam. About a 5th of the German Jewish community served in ww1.
Being armed doesn't prevent genocide.
Sit him down to see Dr Strangelove, or how I stopped worrying and love the bomb
Leftists shouldn't be executing whoever they want in the name of workers. Otherwise known as everyone except liberals are assholes/dumb.
Studiously ignoring the lolbertarians and Republicans on that chart I see.
Show me a good neo nazi, and I'll show you another impossible thing, like good German logistics. E: antifa man should stop lying when saying "scratch a liberal..."
I wonder if that M2 is offended by the Erika.
When no party had a majority in 1933 at the Reichstag, the German Communist Party was instructed by Stalin to not form a coalition with the Social Democrats, and they did the dumbass accelerationist Vanguard Party fucks. So the conservatives formed a coalition with the Nazis. They were right about "after Hitler, our turn" it just cost them a few anti socialite pogroms, and 20 million Russian lives,
This stuff: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K_DnRn9hyFU https://old.reddit.com/r/DerScheisser/comments/ehgtzn/strategies_in_logistics/
So I guess they also stood aside and allowed the far right to succeed in the beer hall puscht
Three Mile Island melted down before Chernobyl. Containment worked, but they destroyed a brand new reactor. IIRC the only fatalities were when some emergency respondents were in a traffic accident.
While he's part right, unfortunately he wrote that before WW2. Really peace is also a racket.
Indeed
All praise the great John Nash, Nobel laureate
His salary is 60k, though he owns 15% of Amazon's stock.
What have the Romans ever done for us?
Kind of expensive. You need 30 km/sec of delta v
Power when it's cloudy and after sundown?
You should. Commercial nuclear power in the west has not yielded a single radiation related fatality.
[It would be a shame if the power output of wind was a ~third of nuclear's](https://energynumbers.info/uk-offshore-wind-capacity-factors)
Can I get a Des Moines turret on that?
People complain about trade, and are (shudder) protectionists. Keep the trade routes open, space cowboy.
It turns out the way to break the banana cartel is land reform and halting exclusive export agreements. Another win for liberalism.
Stability in the region would be a marked improvement to the past 100 years. Unfortunately troops are necessary to train and support local security forces.
As the stack discharges, the start height of the next block is lower than the last, and the end height is higher as well, meaning less potential energy. Thus you get diminishing returns on blocks in the middle of the tower. It would be better to string each block in it's own shaft to get the maximum delta of potential energy. I'll make more concretely assertions. You have to have some way to cancel any pendulum effect if you're going to have to build it for wind, while thermal solar can store energy in the coolant. How much more engineering fails do i have to point out to get across that this specific proposal is dumb? Try using water. It's cheap, heavy, and easy to handle.
Well if war is a racket. Thank God for NATO
1. if you drop a ring of blocks from the top of the tower to the bottom you get x energy. The next lowest blocks get x- (height below first ring) - (height above ring on ground) energy. It would be easier to just suspend a large weigh instead of lots of smaller weights. 2. The maximum windspeed for using cranes is 10 m/s. The optimum windspeed for operating wind turbines is around 10 m/s. Theoretically you want to use this device while wind turbines are on to store energy. 3. See 2
Does no one remember the Swift Boat Veterans for Truth?
I'm in this comment, and I don't like it.
So did Lewis, but that doesn't stop berners.
Trains predate Karl Marx. The British loved them. Talk to Union Pacific about your culture.
Ah yes the great communist powers of [opens wikipedia] Great Britain, Japan, United States... And such great worker coops as: Union Pacific, Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, BNSF... Who's doing the appropriating here?
Never read more than a chapter of Rand (I preferred Tolkien) But I did read the Stanford study that showed that rent control doesn't work.
Is it possible to extract carbon form seawater? Assuming you have megawatts of energy to work with.
I was wondering if the energy problems could be solved by using systems similar to those Russian floating nuclear reactor barges.
CNN exit polling shows otherwise for the Clinton McCain crossover. Page 3 of the 08 election center.
China is eating karman, Get those billion people some astronaut wings.
Perhaps the anti-nuclear advertising will fall off.
Horseshoe Theory gang!
I have a solution to the Catalonia problem! More EU federalism.
Oh no. Protectionists everywhere.
No degree here, Bernies plan is almost worthless because he wants to eliminate nuclear. That's over half of the current clean electricity produced in the US RN.
Nuclear is more carbon free than solar. Source IPCC 2014
There have been women in senior positions of right wing parties. Thatcher was the UK's first female MP.
oh, sorry.
That seems like a convoluted way of conflating realised and unrealized income.
Creative Destruction is 5ue primary mechanism for innovation. Then there are things like architectural innovation, which deals with how organizations innovate. For example Xerox invented the modern OS, and Kodak invented the digital camera. Neither of those companies brought them to market because they weren't in that particular business l.
[Yes, it's obvioulsy a landlord problem.](https://sf.curbed.com/2019/4/25/18516326/mission-historic-laundromat-sold-housing-development-sf)
The difference is what they put in the dynamics text boxes on the mailers.
They seem to have a similar end result as well. I guess their ideology wraps up on itself.
Which was why no progressive flipped a red seat in 2018.
Keynes intensifies.
Right wing? HAHA liberal, yes. The "Petty French Town Dwellers" will automate quite a lot of traditional workers into their own group. The Democrats are New Labour.
An alternative I heard is during the day you point mirrors at blocks of rock that you then extract the heat from at night.
Biden campaign admits Candidate suffers from frequent bouts of unconsciousness. World rocked by admission that Biden "almost daily falls unconscious for extended periods, sometimes up to eight hours at a time" says staff and close family.
Universal Healthcare?
Laughs in Keynesian.
Extra extra! Wealth inequality didn't exist before capitalism! Read all about it!
Uhm, Our World in Data has loads of data sets that say otherwise.
Uhm, did you see the Lunar Rover on Apollo 15, 16, 17?
The universe was infinite mere seconds after the big bang, if you consider every point in space to have been in the same space, then suddenly not.
There happened to be several regimes intent of destroying their own nations at the time. Some by following the ramblings of Lysenko, or various brands of nationalism.
I recall from around the BLM protests there were articles on why some police forces take on badly preforming officers. The main point is that most police forces are paid and run by the municipalities, and often they can't offer competitive salaries for good officers, and get poorer preforming officers who don't get accepted for the high dollar forces.
&gt;capitalism created wealth inequality
Then why did Lysenkoist policies kill millions in China as well? Before Lysenko got his ideology as orthodox in the USSR, they had a world class genetics program. Unfortunately people who believed in Mendelian genetics were purged, sent to gulags, and deported to Siberia. Additionally forced collectivization was an objectively a bad idea. when Deng Xiaoping acknowledged that liberalization in land policy for farmland had increased farm yeilds, he spread spread that bbn bottom up reform throughout China, and arguably did the most for current prosperity.
Collectivization did two things. First it eliminated centuries of institutional knowledge in the farmers. Second it removed the profit motive from farmers, and the attitude of "the Party pretended to pay us, so we pretended to work." Kulaks were defined as any farmer that: owned food processing equipment (dairy, mills...), mechanized farm tools (tractors, combines...), or sold food at markets. That's any non-subsistence farmer.
Frieren is such a Tolkeinesque Eldar. I got some serious Beor vibes form the Hero.
_0. End police unions.
The US got in gear on Dec 8 1941. The US invaded Italy in July 1943.
The US was also extremely inexperienced in 42 and 43.
Close, the 5th.
The only theoretical energy positive fusion is PLOWSHARES era things like project PACER.
A good argument for nuclear is the lack of dispachibility in renewables. With nuclear, you could synthesize hydrocarbons for combined cycle gas turbines or injection into the ground.
Nuclear nut here. I can talk in terms of dispachibility,
Yes, by putting prices on negative externalities.
Heterodox economists. What are you going to do?
Usage is not zero though. Just look at California's duck curve. Solar falls off just as everyone gets home from their commutes, and turn on a whole lot of electronics.
Odd, when I looked it up yesterday I got the 5th.
SUMMON THE ELECTOR COUNTS!
Or you could have both, because the lump of labor fallacy
Standing up for pluralistic institutions and the universal rights of people is just anti-monarchism. TIL
But the cost of the products or services reflects the true costs, including pollution mitigation and end of life disposal. What you said is that the thing doesn't take into account the things it explicitly takes into account.
Unless the linear flow of time here on Earth isn't so, the 1890s happened after the enlightenment of the 1700s.
Rare earths aren't as rare as you seem to think. China is the only country with the lax regulatory environment to process them without any cares about pollution. Unprocessed rare earths are in mine tailing for other materials, such as copper. &gt;Every step in this production process requires fossil fuel energy. Which is why I'm a nuclear energy advocate.
&gt; not a fool (X) to doubt &gt;Voting Green Party this year. GET YOUR VACCINE SKEPTICISM HERE
Frodo, I don't think he knows about constitutional monarchies and the shift in powers from monarchs to assemblies as the monarchs stop being heads of government.
The Russians were tsarist in the 20s and 30s? News to me. In the UK the house of commons has much more power than the house of lords.
Thatcher maRgarer?
I dont get it
&gt; (Why does a small town sherriff's need an APC) You're more likely to meet gun nuts, the DOD wants to get rid of them, and the local police union is leaning on the council for cooler toys.
I'm fairly sure the US has more, as seen from 3 weeks ago. The guns per capita is about 1 here.
Sounds accurate.
You get people like this https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2019/06/22/threats-militia-provoke-shutdown-oregon-capitol-day-after-gop-lawmakers-fled/ 3%ers and their ilk, fuckers the lot of them.
Karl Franz when he sees a comet: SUMMON THE ELECTOR COUNTS!
The Italians did quite well in a few instances: The raid on Alexandria put two British battleships out of action Italians successfully crossed the Dnieper river and captured Petrikowka and 10,000 prisoners for 300 casualties. The Savoia cavalry charged and routed a superior number of Russians at Izbushensky (late August 1942)
No. I want my Matrioska worlds and assorted gigastructures. No rest until we're on a Birch world surrounding a supermassive black hole for trillions of years.
Only to be blown out by liberalism.
[Let's completely ignore the open massing of troops and the closing of the Straits of Tiran.]
Le's completely ignore months of anti-Israel rhetoric, closing the Straits of Tiran, and massing troops outside the Israeli border.
I doubt it. The book Shattered Sword puts a knife in that myth.
FDR was oppening the weapons spigot to the allies well before 1941, and even bent over backwards to make the best of the US military industry available to them.
Tesla had a bunch of kooky ideas towards the end. He did great work with AC motors though.
Fort Sumter jumped in the line of fire during a training exercise! It wasn't because the abolitionist north wasn't bending over backwards to cater to a racist destructive institution.
The IRS doesn't care where you live, just that you have a US passport.
Before the Chinese Exclusion Act there was no limits to immigration to the US.
&gt; Look at what capitalism did in Latin America. Thanks Norman Borlaug.
Then you counter-punch with a quick one two of 'cornerstone speech' and 'CSA constitution prohibits outlawing slavery'
Another tidbit: About half of the Fortune 500 companies were founded by immigrants or their children. Why are we limiting immigration?
The USSR was able to get quite a few firsts in regards to Luna, but the US was able to get quite a bit better mapping (for the landings) then send a first sample return mission (and a manned one at that.)
The AK had more in common with the M1 Garand than the Stgver.
Oh, the Yellow Rose of Texas...
&gt; The Germans thought Patton was the allies greatest commander. There's little evidence of that in the German archives.
Can't I judge him based on the standards of the day?
That's the one
They're in the same category 9/11 truthers.
Sorry, I can't support anyone who advocates for pulling licenses for existing nuclear power plants.
Hahahah, and chapos believe what you said!
There are people who've refused to evacuate the Exclusion Zone, and continue to live there today.
Queen Tyr'anhee wants your help to transfer assets to Terra.
I see IRL Our President is still there.
Risk and anecdotal evidence doesn't work like that.
Anarchist LARPers put up some barriers and 'DECLARED AUTONOMY'
More often than not you end up with the Reign of Terror and Napoleon picking up the pieces.
this but unironically. For reals though, drones offer significant advantages over airstrikes in that the drones can collect more information and deliver more precise strikes.
District works too
What's with that video of some guy threatening to shoot someone tagging a wall?
Thermidorian reaction when?
Lemme fire up Total War real quick
Not exactly true, the shuttle had 2 external solid rocket boosters, the Atlas can have up to 5...
Fakemail@myballs.gov
All I see are liberals
Dresden was a major rail hub between the north and mounatinous south, as well as the eastern front.
During WW2 the probability that a bomb would land withing 500 meters of the aim point (a hit) was 5%. Please let that sink in. Honestly it was lucky if they hit the right country back then. Try this one on for size: when Dresden was bombed, Anne Frank was still alive.
Hon hon hon J'aime Code Lyoko.
How about the guy saying "I am the police" and threatening to shoot a tagger?
She said half felt they were left behind by society and were looking for someone to help them. The other half were the basket of deplorables. Hillary overestimated the size of the first group.
If your AA's range is less than your air spotting range, is it OK to leave it on?
The upvote ratio confirms my priors
no
Populism. Wait, it works?
Spirit and will kind of flow away in the face of logistics and economics.
They should switch to cryogenic fuels or a coastal launch site.
So THAT'S the reason the Bolsheviks allied themselves to the Nazis.
Socialist talking about cops hilarious. 1/5 East Germans were informing on the other four to the Stazi.
They hired an American lawyer with a famous name to make them look more legit to investors after a series of corruption scandals.
I count about 160 officeholders. There are about 500,000 elected positions in the US.
BIG TENT
The base salary of a Reactor Operator is $70k
All this was in the Republican 2012 post-mortem. Unfortunately the voters doubled down on Trump.
&gt; Free liability insurance courtesy of the Price Anderson Act Uhm, each operator is required to have $450 million in insurance against incidents, then pay into the fund $19 million a year until coverage aches $121 million per reactor.
The sources I've seen is 5.8 trillion yen (or 58 billion dollars) Three Mile Island had a containment and cleanup cost was $1 billion.
https://www.nytimes.com/1993/08/15/us/14-year-cleanup-at-three-mile-island-concludes.html TMI cleanup source 1.
Do you have evidence that the numbers cited are not inflation adjusted to 1990 dollars?? ANS cites $973 million. Additionally the relative size of the Price Anderson liability fund has remained (inflation adjusted) constant. I'll admit that the Fukushima figures have been growing. There have been some questionable decisions by TEPCO and the Japanese government though, such as the decision not to dispose of tritiated water by diluting it in the volume of the Pacific ocean.
That's so vexilologically awful!
PA requires $450 million in coverage from the private market per reactor. And it's not free. The Nuclear industry has to pay millions per year to keep running.
Sorry, by PA I meant Price Anderson. Yes, which is why Fukushima is a case study in poor disaster management, kind of like Katrina. Most of the population didn't need to be evacuated given the radiation exposure in most of the evacuation zone. There were several prior problems, illustrated by Onagawa, which was closer to the epicenter of the earthquake, and Fukushima Dai-ni a few km down the coast, which did not suffer catastrophic failure.
Ah, the paradox of thrift rears it's ugly head.
Yes, productivity keeps going up, and eventually we'll crack economic fusion/space industries.
We have working fusion power! Just bring back Project PACER!
Solar radiation is about 1380 watts per square meter (W/m2) you don't need that much to match the thermal radiation out from the earth.
Why did the communist see it fit to murder the Aral Sea?
The thorium point is slightly wrong. Thorium 232 can absorb a neutron then beta decay into Uranium 233, which can be chemically separated, especially with liquid fuels. The us military successfully tested a U233 bomb. Power reactors are actually not that good at making bomb material. You can make a bomb out of U235, but its abundance is .7% of all uranium isotope, and you need a &gt;80% concentration of U235 for than. About 99% of naturally occurring Uranium is U238, which cannot undergo a chain reaction. What you can do is have it absorb a neutron then beta decay into Neptunium 239 then into Plutonium 239. That isotope of plutonium is ideal, and a high neutron environment is in a reactor. But there is good news for power reactors. If Pu 239 absorbs a neutron it becomes Pu240, which is too radioactive to use in a bomb. The isotope accumulation rates are fairly well known, and 90 days of operation is the benchmark where Pu 240 build up starts. Thus people trying to build a plutonium bomb with a power reactor would have to stop it every 3 months to remove the fuel rods, which is very obvious to regulators.
When was Jimmy Carter born?
I don't think accelerationism has ever worked. Usually the opposition gets purged. Or if you're a Posadist, you think that aliens will come of we nuke ourselves.
Liberalism was better. slaps roof of great people tiles. You can fit so much production in this tiles.
Where? Last I heard she was advocating for education for women.
Or, the police unions making contributions to local politicians and have their members show up to meetings, then during negotiations make non-monetary concessions/pass along costs to the taxpayers.
Why is Nihonium (Nh) not in the middle?
Curse you, you're right!
The Communists helped the Nazis by supplying strategic resources up until Barbarossa, and jointly invaded Poland and murdered many Poles. Then they got completely predictably back-stabbed, even with warnings from the UK and others.
I wonder what would have happened if Tukhachevsky had not been executed, Zhukov had not been gulaged, and Stalin was not such a micromanager.
&gt;functional and healthy nation Hahahahah Tankies and denying Katyn Massacre NAMID.
The western allies would have won the war without the Soviet Union. In 1945-1946 the US would start dropping nukes on Germany. They can surrender at the consulate in Switzerland or Sweden.
The Soviets supplied the Nazis with strategic materials like iron ore and oil until Barbarossa. Stalin famously denied intelligence reports (provided by the British from enigma decrypts). Just under 40% of German strategic material was from the USSR.
It wasn't their only choice. In us history we covered operation Downfall, Olympic, and Coronet. That and some primary sources on the Japanese recruiting their entire population as spear armed conscripts.
Two things, First, the enemy of my enemy is my 'friend' Second, Hitler would get nuked in 1945.
This is wrong. The US could produce 3 a month by fall 1945. They US would have had another bomb ready by the 19th, with 3 more ready in September, and 3 more in October. Two implosion type bomb assemblies were ready for shipment to Tinian by Aug 14 and one core was ready on the 16th. The western front (before the Normandy invasions) tied up over a million solders for air defense, and over 100,000 gun tubes. &gt;let's not forget that poland invaded russia before ww2 started, and was negotiating with romania to invade russia again. this is basic history. I know tankeis are still salty about the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact and the 4th Partition of Poland. You're going to have to cough up some evidence, or this is just as fake as the false flag attack Causus Beli on the German border post.
I may be confusing him with someone else. &gt; To this day, nobody knows why exactly was army command thinned out. No mystery. Stalin was a paranoid maniac.
Very litte mention of the French and Belgian forces there. It looked very much like the cinematography was focused on individuals as opposed to the overall situation, and suferd some for it.
B-29s with Silverplate modifications over Germany. If that didn't work, the B-36 could fly missions out of Greenland and still hit Germany.
&gt; enough refined uranium and plutonium takes years to make. No, you need to keep U238 in a reactor for 90 days to transmute it into Pu 239, then chemically separate the plutonium form the fuel rods. Then you mix is with a small amount of Nickel and Beryllium and hot pressed into hemispheres. &gt;who would have won, the dinosaurs or the current usa national guard, if the dinosaurs had he-man on their side? what if the guard had 3 atom bombs with a 5 mile diameter? could they take out those troops spread over half the world? Irrelevant.
No
Both the Gadget at Trinity and Fat Man at Nagasaki were plutonium 239 powered implosion devices. I dont see where you're getting this misinformation. Plutonium was produced at the X-10 Graphite reactor and the B reactor at Hanford. Implosion type devices had been theorized and in 1943, it had been shelved in favour of the gun type devices. When the plutonium got back with high contamination of Pu 240, the gun type was unfeasible as the speeds required to assemble the core was impossible without pre detonation caused by the high prompt fission of the 240. By 1944, implosion type bombs were reconsidered and adopted as the only type of plutonium bomb they would research.
The problem with defending against a seaborn invasion is that you have to effectively defend everywhere, while the strong navy of the WAllies could sail around wherever they wanted. Then the WAllies were able to achieve total air supremacy, and used it to great effect to dismantle logistics lines in France. They shot up trains, trucks, and horse carts. German troops in 1944 had to move at night and hide during the day to avoid air attack. On the German nuclear program: one of the big plans was to assemble a large chunk of Uranium (that they had enough for a chain reaction) and see what happened. No control devices, no SCRAM, no shielding. If they had tried, and the top scientists were nearby, the program would have been entirely self regulating. On the Germans copying atomic bombs: gun type bombs are mechanically very simple, but require an extensive and expensive refining process of isotope separation. Imagine you have two materials that are chemically identical, but one has 3 less neutrons than the other, and the substance you want is .7% of naturally occurring material and you need &gt;80% concentrations. Implosion type bombs require significant knowledge and expertise in metallurgy to form the warhead, electrical engineering to precisely set off the explosive lens, high stress material properties to know how the core will behave when rapidly compresssed, computation to send the detonation signals at the right time, high explosives to use the right lens materials, and so much more.
&gt;set rates at 0.0 FTFY
You can't even quote the wikipedia article you're criticising me for "quoting" correctly. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atomic_bombings_of_Hiroshima_and_Nagasaki#Plans_for_more_atomic_attacks_on_Japan &gt;Groves expected to have another "Fat Man" atomic bomb ready for use on August 19, with three more in September and a further three in October;[87] a second Little Boy bomb (using U-235) would not be available until December 1945.[229][230] On August 10, he sent a memorandum to Marshall in which he wrote that "the next bomb ... should be ready for delivery on the first suitable weather after 17 or 18 August." Marshall endorsed the memo with the hand-written comment, "It is not to be released over Japan without express authority from the President",[87] something Truman had requested that day. This modified the previous order that the target cities were to be attacked with atomic bombs "as made ready".[231] There was already discussion in the War Department about conserving the bombs then in production for Operation Downfall, and Marshall suggested to Stimson that the remaining cities on the target list be spared attack with atomic bombs.[232] &gt;Two more Fat Man assemblies were readied, and scheduled to leave Kirtland Field for Tinian on August 11 and 14,[233] and Tibbets was ordered by LeMay to return to Albuquerque, New Mexico, to collect them.[234] At Los Alamos, technicians worked 24 hours straight to cast another plutonium core.[235] Although cast, it still needed to be pressed and coated, which would take until August 16.[236] Therefore, it could have been ready for use on August 19. Unable to reach Marshall, Groves ordered on his own authority on August 13 that the core should not be shipped.[231] It may be that you're confusing the cyclotron produced plutonium (that was thought suitable for gun type bombs) with the reactor produced plutonium, which had higher contamination of Pu 240.
There are loads of prominent YEKies with PhDs in biology, paleontology, and other degrees that would mean they know better. Most of r/neoliberal thinks that correcting for market failures is good, and that the negative externalities should be internalized by the market. Carbon pricing good after all.
I'm glad people are recognizing the His Orangeness as that other incompetent Italian buffoon.
Despise? Oof. You're supporting to burn retired flags.
No
They are if you're paying negative externalities.
He had just gotten finished purging a bunch of jewish doctors See the Doctors Plot
Biden has a 67 Corvette
Biden has a Corvette, not a trans am as the onion insinuated.
Some people dont buy meals in fancy restaurants. They buy fast food. Slashing costs can lead to lower profits as you are less able to meet demand. It has to do with marginal utility.
No so. People can make decisions on their preferences, which can be quantified and marketed to.
Class struggle is a myth perpetuated by the socialists Tribal struggle what you should be paying attention to. /r/GlobalTribe
So people deserve to be subsistence farmers eking out a living perpetually at the edge of starvation. No
No. According to various government rules, the value of a statistical life is around 9-10 million dollars. You can check with the FDA, DOT, and various other agencies. This value is arrived at by analysis of: the future work potential of a statistical laborer, additional pay required for people to take on more dangerous jobs (this is a revealed preference), and the value of their social habits to friends and family, and consumption. The US govt has made it central that this value is not age discriminating, as an older person has less future earning and consumption potential. For this statistic, all lives are equal. &gt;Class struggle is how a renter wants the market to stay low so they can afford rent, yet the owner always wants their investment to increase in value. I'd like you to explain how this concept is a myth. I've been a tenant and I now own land, and I understand both sides. I don't see how it could be a myth. This is slightly wrong, as it reduces the interaction to only two interests: this particular landlord, and some renters in general. If we simply ignore the attempt at a straw-man, we see that rents rise as more renters want to live in fewer units than there are potential tenants, so poorer tenants are outbid. Among landlords, higher rents is a signal that they can invest in the market, building new units. Wealthier renters usually want better amenities (usually this means newer), which brings down the rents as they vacate older existing apartments. In all cases, potential tenants who live outside the community want to live in the community for various reasons: closer to work, closer to amenities like entertainment dining and public transit. This brings us to the true enemies of the above people. The Perfidious NIMBYs! They inhabit the landlord and renter classes, and some are even from outside the community! They oppose the building of new units, or bog them down in so much red tape and 'community review' that new projects are unfeasible. These 'people' need to be ignored. Stephen Hawking is only partially right. He's wrong in that the price of fully automated production are: the oportunity cost of manufacturing the item (what else could the machine have produced), the time and energy required to refine raw materials into finished goods, and production costs and upkeep on the machines. In such a world, goods would be extremely cheap if not free. Power satellites can collect and distribute vast quantities of energy, and the mass of stars can be collected for processing. Eventually we'll have Dyson swarms around loads of stars. Perhaps then we'll have fully automated luxury gay space communism. Or we'll upload ourselves into giant computers and run simulated civilizations until the simulations upload themselves and start simulating civilizations.
Are you saying that people don't have preferences and these preferences can't be revealed or influenced?
Holy hell, that's my hometown at the end! WTF?
Ha, my sarcasm and humor deflectors are operating at 138% efficiency! None can pierce this shield!
Correct. It takes about 9 years. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Haiyang_Nuclear_Power_Plant
Those are Westinghouse AP 1000s. They already have NRC approval in the states, and 2 are under construction at Sumner and Vogtle.
Those damn NIMBYs putting up red tape! Meanwhile they're fine with a new coal plant.
The GOP health plan was a ripoff of Hillary's form the 90s. Obama's original plan was actually quite similar to Germany's.
Didn't she win off upstate NY? IIRC she held events in every county in the state.
Worse than that, he's Berlusconi with an orange coat of paint.
Here's the full text of her remarks &gt;You know, to just be grossly generalistic, you could put half of Trump's supporters into what I call the basket of deplorables. (Laughter/applause) Right? (Laughter/applause) They're racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic – Islamophobic – you name it. And unfortunately, there are people like that. And he has lifted them up. He has given voice to their websites that used to only have 11,000 people – now have 11 million. He tweets and retweets their offensive hateful mean-spirited rhetoric. Now, some of those folks – they are irredeemable, but thankfully, they are not America. &gt;But the other basket – the other basket – and I know because I look at this crowd I see friends from all over America here: I see friends from Florida and Georgia and South Carolina and Texas and — as well as, you know, New York and California — but that "other" basket of people are people who feel the government has let them down, the economy has let them down, nobody cares about them, nobody worries about what happens to their lives and their futures; and they're just desperate for change. It doesn't really even matter where it comes from. They don't buy everything he says, but — he seems to hold out some hope that their lives will be different. They won't wake up and see their jobs disappear, lose a kid to heroin, feel like they're in a dead-end. Those are people we have to understand and empathize with as well. Thank you for revealing which category you fit in.
Haha, money printer goes brrrr
I sling boxes for UPS. There isn't much skill involved. I ask to get paid more because it's hot and humid there.
DU is an important metal in counterweights due to its density.
That's because the top 2 own a significant amount of Microsoft and Amazon, two ~trillion dollar companies.
Our World in Data: global extreme poverty, global literacy, global life expectancy... Riiiiiiight.
This might be the end of French low carbon leadership in Europe.
&gt;Mao's China not socialist Hahahahahah Oh wait you're serious! Let me laugh harder!!
Chapos: "Liberals get the bullet too"
Yes, because Robespierre was SOO good for France /s
All of France's nuclear waste is under the floor in one warehouse. Fuel Reforming/Reprocessing means that al the waste of one family of four for their lifetime fits in the volume of a car.
&gt; Because they didn’t have access to fossil fuels when they were building their power generation Partially wrong. They had access to fossil fuels, but that access was through OPEC, and the 70s had the Energy Crisis. So France decided they didn't want to be bent over a barrel. If we had appropriate carbon pricing, the rest of Europe could be like France. https://www.electricitymap.org/zone/FR
Oh no, I found On Jews. Do you have anyone from the 20th century, as in after the Marginal Revolution or Freshwater/Saltwater?
Capitalism- the PRIVATE control of the means of production. Thus state capitalism is both a contradiction of terms and a rescue device for salty ideologues who can't accept that their ideology failed in several catastrophic and very public ways.
I went cave diving once. It was nice, but the guides were very clear about the risks and various incidents they were familiar with. They kept us in nice open areas with lines leading back to the entry.
She got more votes than him. In states that were tight, the rise in Green Party votes exceeded her margin of defeat.
She campaigned in Pennsylvania and still lost it.
Let's pretend the blue collar voters haven't been conditioned by decades of faux 'news' that their jerbs are being stolen by Latine immigrants, and not poor policy that prevents their towns from transitioning to post-industrial economies. It's been done, and the difference between the towns that tried and those that didn't is readily apparent. Clinton had the endorsements of most of the major private sector unions, and couldn't effectively fight against the billions of free exposure that the news media gave Trump without also covering Clinton's policy speeches.
The DNC did not run any candidate. Way to disenfranchise millions of primary voters. I would blame 6 years of dems not turning up, causing the bench to dry up.
