&gt; “The president’s taken us back from the brink of war” as a result of “a successful summit” Even worse, this bullshit narrative sounds exactly like what NK would report on it's state sponsored TV. "Supreme Leader Kim successfully brought peace to the Korean Peninsula from his most successful summit with President Trump, who honored and showed great respect for the power of Supreme Leader." We were never nearly at war, it was a war words, nothing more. For the Trump admin to claim otherwise is just as bombastically ridiculous as NK claiming they would remove the USA from the face of the earth.
Just in time then. /s
It's a click-baity headline meant to attract "muh deep state." Guess WaPo just wants clicks from both sides.
Can’t wait for her episode of carpool karaoke and playing charades with Fallon!
I feel like this is why I avoid concerts. I’d much rather enjoy music on my own equipment and not have to deal with crowds, or face the likelihood that the “artists” are anything but.
But first...lemme take a selfie.
"The Democrats couldn't get this done, when it was their law, *their law!* Which is why my Administration, has taken the steps needed, to help end this terrible policy through executive action."
Is there a reason Star Wars: A New Hope, doesn't have the subtitle on the cover like all of the others? I imagine it is because it was the "first" star wars film...but wouldn't it be nice to have it included on the cover, like it is on the spine and on the back, for consistency's sake?
Full windsor is really only suitable for certain individuals, dependent on the width of the collar, thickness of the wearer's neck, thickness of the tie material, etc, You don't want to go around looking like [this guy from ESPN](https://images2.houstonpress.com/imager/u/original/6712615/merrilhoge_thumb_560x538.jpeg) just because you want that T H I C C knot.
I understand that, yes, but I sorta wish it had the subtitle, like every other one. It would mean that the designer was making something that was not original or true to the original release, but if I were using this collection, I'd prefer it. It's totally personal preference, and I may be in the minority.
They may shut up publicly, but their racism and bigotry is bone deep. They’ll vote republican until the day die.
&gt;When you’re a member of an elite fighting force, it’s important always to maintain a professional appearance. Whether long-sleeved or short, the classic polo shirt remains one of the most popular workplace solutions for men and women alike. We offer a full selection of tactical polos that are made to support you to the fullest in your professional pursuits. HELL YEAH BROTHER!
BO-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-OM
I'm looking forward (not really) to the 60 Minutes/Dateline special following a group of children 3-5 years later, who were separated from their parents and never reunited during the Trump admin. It will follow their treatment, their journey bouncing from foster home to foster home, battling abandonment issues, depression, addiction, struggles with education, employment etc.
You are ahead of 99% of fellow 29 years olds, I reckon. Do you also own a home? Because that's another huge financial asset that can help you down the road.
Trump: Does terrible thing. Trump: Reverses course after backlash. Trump: "WHY AREN'T YOU THANKING ME!?"
Yes. Five Guys has the best fries, however.
"Quick, get a poll out, call all the landline having old rural white people you can find!"
IN N OUT fries are only crispier if you order them light well, which I do. I enjoy Five Guy's fries more because they are thicker cut, and have a more pronounced "potatoie" flavor. Of course it's just my opinion, however.
Yeah. I'm a complete homer for IN N OUT, and I'll admit I'm not a huge fan of their fried either. Always too short, always get too cold too quickly, not as tasty, etc.
They are about as fresh as you can get: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rif0Sotymzg. I have a feeling their fry oil may not have the additives of other restaurants that improve their flavor. IN N OUT are "purist" fries.
"You know the democrats killed jews too! Bernie and Hitler were both socialists!"
Of course, yes :)
These people must have a fetish for Obama's ass, because all they can say is "but Obama!"
I've wondered what I would do if I had a close family member that believed all that shit. Part of me thinks I would test their limits, truly feed into their conspiracy mindset, encouraging them to chase the rabbit further and further, until they descend into madness and can't be in public without claiming someone is a witch or works for the Illuminati.
Sounds like you need a TV show! There are certain restaurants I frequent that I always enjoy trying their new items, but I tend to stick with the places I know.
I just got my hands on the dissents. It's about 30 pages of DickButts, 50 pages of memes, 16 pages of salt, and the remaining pages are Manningface randomly sprinkled in the report.
While he squints trying to read their writing on cue cards...
And to throw salt into the wound, after he quits: - He will say he did his job, he MAGA'd, *way* ahead of schedule, and everyone should be thanking him for it. - He will pretend he is a political Kingmaker, where politicians seek his endorsement for office. - He will continue to tweet and undermine the government, its institutions and leaders from afar. "When I was president..."
They think they are "restoring America back to it's founding principles." Basically, they want to undue every accomplishment of the Progressive Era. They want to return to a time when being a white male meant you were gifted a well paying job with little education or skill, a car, an obedient wife, a house in a community of other white neighbors. An era when women stayed in the kitcken, gays stayed in the closet, and blacks knew their place. An era where problems were out of sight, out of mind, when being an ocean away meant you were isolated form world affairs and worldly problems.
Republican strategy: Throw mud at the wall, see what sticks. Whatever doesn't falls and muddys the waters.
A Mexican restaurant is the perfect symbol for how they view Mexicans. They want to be seated and served by white hosts and servers, while the Mexicans are in the back, out of sight, out of mind, making the food, getting paid the least and working the hardest.
Using their left hand to fap is probably a fetish of theirs. "Oh boy, it's like a liberal is doing it! This is so exciting, I hope I don't get caught!"
&gt; It's not a fucking sin to cross an imaginary line. Have you spoken to a evangelical Trump supporter?
"These kids are learning *skills!* Look at them digging those holes, sewing those clothes, and repairing roads! I tell you what, looks better than summer camp, they are learning real skills."
Get ready for "These camps have amenities way exceeding their home country! They don't want to leave!"
Please tell me next why Bcash is your lord and savior.
All my money gone, shitposts and memes are all I have left.
Those are cool! Great suggestion. Unfortunately they didn't print plains!!!!
Absolutely stunning.
If it wernt for all that avocado toast, you’d have a house by now!
If there is strong verifiable evidence and proof that voters were *changed,* this county, nor its constitution, is prepared for what that means.
It could still be a trick in their bag that they could pull out of the other methods are less effective. How better to throw this country into chaos if you can undermine democracy and sow doubt into every electoral race?
Sure seems weird they need facilities to house some 100,000 people when there are only a fraction of that many migrants.
Trump supporters: "WTF I hate Harley now?"
Happens in the NBA too: https://bullpenblogger.files.wordpress.com/2013/04/chris-paul-ham.gif?w=625
Osmosischain
We can always have 7.181
I guess I was under the wrong impression when I filled out my qualifier predictions. You don't get the points if you don't get the *order* in which they qualified. I feel like the spirit of the predictions was to guess which team would make it, not necessarily in which order in which slot. Oh well I guess.
I will definitely increase my water output. I guess then the question for me is...how much is this going to hit my checkbook, because we are on a meter and they keep upping our water rates.
You mean I get pissed off that I got shorted a mere 2 levels and now don't want to buy any more.
TBH, I bet the main reason this won't be fixed is because it would require more time re-coding to fix it than they want to spend on something they see as meaningless.
Fair. Valve only opened them up for 24 hours, and made no efforts to allow predictions on the matches themselves for the tokens we have been wasting for weeks.
They have to, they have no other choice. Think about living in a mindset of constant persecution. You are the victim. Every inch of social progress made you take personally as an attempt to degrade your own standing. You've voted and believe the way you do because your existence depends on it. To admit you are wrong once on any subject risks discovering your entire worldview is wrong. You cannot risk it, so you are forced to become hyper-partisan and hyper-defensive. Every criticism of Trump is a direct attack. You cannot fathom or even imagine what it could mean to be wrong anymore, because you know it would break you. So you become more radicalized, digging in, entrenched. You are prepared to fight, and you do so not to protect mere political views, but your very existence. This is what we are up against. They are quickly becoming radicalized, and *look forward* to the day Daddy tells them they can kill liberals with impunity.
I don't know if it's been discussed already, or if people still remember...but the person who has been offloading tens of thousands of NANO each day is finally out: https://www.nanode.co/account/xrb_3hmcxznhr6edmq14gmwaxwippcjhb5m6fs5633qktk688iysbnq96oyrtbe7 They unloaded their last 250,000 from the 23rd to the 25th.
"Ocasio-Cortez who openly despises the very system that makes America the greatest country in the world..." WTF is the "system" they are talking about?
He helped run Fox News, the only channel Trump watches and believes, so hell yes. He will be able to coordinate messaging between the WH and Fox News much more effectively. He's going to strengthen the feedback loop of Fox telling Trump what he wants to hear, and Trump telling Fox what he wants said.
The bigger question is...does he, in retrospect, regret his choice, or he is still an idiot?
Dems: Having to win 51%+ to win an election since 1776.
&gt;Edit: oops I forgot that I'm perpetuating Russian Active Measures, the act of repeating the same tired lines of Russia's disinformation campaign. FTFY
What I described is an over-extension of power. Republicans haven't been in their position until recently. The wave of 2010 is the same wave of 2018, a rebuke of the party in power.
I get that :(
My thesis relies on single party control from Executive to Legislative. Republicans haven't had that mirrored control since 2016 with Trump, same with Obama and 2 years of Dem control from 2008-2010. Since 2010 it's been a split between the Executive and the Legislative.
I hope you are right. I hope every fellow angry liberal here is right. I hope we can see a new progressive era that brings this country into the 21st century. But our system is hard to change, and our citizens are notoriously fickle, not engaged, and have the memory of a goldfish. No one every lost a bet underestimating the stupidity of the American electorate. Hell, we elected Trump. I have no faith we will be able to right the ship with any sense of haste. 40, 50, 60 years from now I (if I'm still alive) will still be bitching about this Administration, and will still be getting questions from younger people asking "how did this happen?"
That dirty word that starts with C. *Compromise.*
"This is fine."
Likely the next two justices to retire will be liberal. Kennedy being replaced isn't a worst-case scenario. Replacing Breyer and RBG with a Republican would be.
It's more an issue of branding. The scary S word of "Socialism" is still all it takes to get 60% of this country to fear you. That may change, but at least for right now, "Socialism" is a dirty word, no matter how inaccurate the connotations attached to it are.
Am I the only one who’s been hoarding treasures these past few years? I don’t open any, and sell them 6-24 months later for 2x, 4x, 5x the original price.
Yup. Nazi’s didn’t limit their hate and murder to Jews. They included anyone that was “other.” Sound familiar?
They are dug in. They cannot change. To admit anything at this point would break them. They are a cult. When the time comes, they will end up in self isolation, or violently lash out.
He’s an edge lord. Of course he is, even if it’s merely a facade.
How does that rule it out? He obviously had beef with this paper, Milo, Trump, et al with their attacks on the media may have given him the courage to finally go with his plan. I’m not saying he *did* I’m just saying this info doesn’t rule it out.
The courier is how you win or lose games in turbo. So many times I'm standing in lane with a teammate who, for some reason, thinks they now have to hide under tower because they are out of regen and are playing cautiously, weakening our laning. You can ferry our tangos and salves and clarities! C'mon already! I also find myself using the courier to bring me 2-3 mangos after a big fight to up my mana pool so I don't have to return to fountain.
Tell him to put up, or to shut the fuck up. Call him out. Shame him. Consider if it's worth losing a friend over. Or they will one day thank you.
This is literally the fall of the US. It didn't come from a war. It didn't come from an economic collapse. It didn't come from catastrophic natural disaster. It is entirely self inflicted. The world will continue with or without the US. We will no longer have the standing we once had. The world is realizing, they don't need us.
For some, there isn't. Politics is life and death when an administration takes your family away from you, strips you of your rights, takes away your healthcare, etc.
Peer pressure is a hell of a drug.
Ding ding ding.
Can't wait to read these headlines: "Under pressure from Trump, Harley Davidson vows to continue production in US, with no plans to outsource or relocate." 6 months later... "Harley Davidson Files for Chapter 11 Bankruptcy Protection."
Is "word_letter" the new format? Before it was "twowords##"
It's really frustrating. The president is supposed lead the government in serving its citizens. Trump thinks the government should serve *him.*
I'm going to go with this being a 50 minute turbo game.
Same. Have nearly *all* of my treasures from 2015 onward. I have at least 2x of every treasure released during every battlepass/compendium. Sold a couple here and there when they hit $10.
[It's a thing of beauty, isn't it?](https://i.imgur.com/HSC3443.jpg) Good luck to us :)
The focus is on gender. I think OP mentioned "white" before "men" merely because "white men" are those that hold all the levers of power. So another "white man" is someone who is likely least understanding of the issues facing those most disenfranchised.
PAMP EEEEET!
The question is, are the tether bois here coming out of hibernation?
You are pinch-your-cheeks cute with your low effort trolls. Faggie is probably rekt and is living a life through dreams. Keep trying kiddo.
Nope. Shame him into being accountable for his opinions. Vote. I don’t care which way. But go ahead and project what more into my statements.
Tbh I’m beginning to wonder how much Valve cares about the western regions. The way the are bending over backwards to appease China and remaining mute on this issue shows me the writing on the wall: Valve is comfortable with accepting the game losing market share in every other region so long as it maintains or grows on China. In the future we may find Dota to be a game that is largely catered exclusively to a Chinese audience.
While you toil and fantasize over what would make a perfect candidate and a perfect presidency, republicans are lining up across the country to elect racists, bigots, homophobic pearl-clutching culture warriors who want to return America to a time when women stayed in the kitchen, gays stayed in the closet, and blacks knew their place. Your post illustrates perfectly how democrats need to fall in love, while Republicans fall in line.
I’ll upvote that :)
That weird taste is the realization that Valve values the Chinese region over every other region, and perhaps combined.
No. You do it, ban players from teams for “reasons,” and see if Valve flinches. If they respond you then point to hypocrisy. By not making any statement on this, Valve is setting themselves up to significantly damage their credibility and integrity in every other region but China. This is why you don’t do this shit, because it can alienate your player base, compromise your competitive sport, and in the long run, kill your game.
- "Beto for the Win-o!" - "Bet on Beto!" - "Beto has your back-o!"
Kamala Harris, ranked 1. Wow, that surprised me. The narrative that she's just another centrist democrat obviously seems like direct manipulation.
Click the link kiddo, I’m only repeating what is being show by their aggregated measurement. Get off your soapbox, I’m not your audience.
And then getting our asses handed to us in the midterm by a “new Republican wave” of fake grass-roots corporate backed candidates who run on rascism and “ThEyRe TakInG aWaY oUr CoUnTrY!”
You might be right. TNC might just take this on the chin and the dota scene will move on. It might be that we completely forget about this by the time TI9 is here. It might be that Dota continues to grown and flourish worldwide. My concern is, what happens if it doesn't? What happens if other regions ban players for "reasons?" What if region What if another player makes a comment about another race or culture? Does valve step in? Do teams? Tournament organizers? Local governments? By Valve remaining silent on the issue, they allow others to *speak for them.* Valve is conceding control over their product by not stating a position on this issue. This *could have* gravely damaging effects in the long term. I don't say these things thinking they will happen. I raise them up as issues because the consequences are so great, they *must* be considered.
Trump is the type of criminal who steals in broad daylight in crowded areas, where no one would think someone would be so blatant, so he must not be committing a crime.
Valve Time^^TM
Even worse (for TNC) they got the 20% DPC deduction after first being told they wouldn't received a penalty. Guess Valve wanted to make things clear. You lie about the facts for your own benefit, you get hit.
"Key Senators behind closed doors." AKA "Republican Senators who will repeat the lies of the Administration."
I'm no pro, and have been living with a lawn that is far from perfect, and I'm still learning a lot. I have a fair amount of crabgrass and areas of tall fescue mixed in with my bermuda. [Here is a pic of the lawn from this weekend.](https://i.imgur.com/F6W6QKO.jpg) The pic is meant to be of the house, but you can see most of the lawn. You can see winter is already setting in here, and we are in Northern CA. 30s-40s at night, 50s-60 in the day. I actually pushed my Honda mower up one tic before this last "winter cut." I think I was at 2 inches, maybe 2.25 or 2.5. OH, I also laid down preemergent after my cut. We are expecting rain soon.
They are allergic to traditional management structures so everyone is left looking around thinking “so who’s going to be the one to make the decision on this, because I know I don’t want to.”
I'm sure he tried his hardest to turn everything around on everyone else and claim he was the persecuted one and it was everyone else who needed to be fired, or at least all the "colored" ones.
I definitely appreciate your comment. The more information the better. TBH I'm thinking about restructuring my coins, shedding a few shitcoins to invest more into the ones I think are worth it. You've listed a few I've been eyeing (XLM, ZIL, BAT).
For those wondering what happens when they don't make it: https://www.youtube.com/user/yovo68
Easy to win.
If they can’t remove sanctions, they have to show Putin they want to play ball.
Seriously. No one worth their salt is going to fall on the sword for trump.
"Hey man you got that Mt. Dew Livewire?" "Psst...hey...I'm looking for that purple drank. Crush grape. You got it?" "Man, I gotta get some, I gotta have it, man. C'mon man, I need it. You got that Sprite Cranberry?"
Flake is looking around and suddenly realizing he's the only Republican left. The rest aren't Republican, they are foreign agents.
You don't give quarter to those acting in bad faith. H.W. today, would be labeled a RINO, a fraud, a fake republican who lacks the ideological purity needed.
TheN wHerE ARE the mAsS GRAVES AND OveNs?
No. It makes a point about the absurdity of the comment, because people do make this comment in an effort to dismiss the criticisms of the administration *frequently,* on reddit, and elsewhere.
Yeah, but...goalposts.
Yes. In fact, “motion smoothing” is the industry term for motion interpolation.
Because it’s adding frames that aren’t there. If you watch on slowmo, the camera’s perspective will constantly jiggle around like everything is suddenly filmed with a shakey-cam effect.
"If it's brown, lie down. If it's black, fight back. If it's white, good night."
Tether - The one coin to rule them all.
Yup. Like, I can recognize a few faces either because I watch their content or simply know who they are...but if you were 15 you would probably be all over this shit. OMG its so and so! OMG I love her! OMG I love him! OMG I KNOW EVERYONE, IT'S LIKE I'M PARTYING WITH THEM!
If and when Fox turns en masse against Trump...how will the right respond? Will they listen to their propaganda overlords or their god emperor? They are destined to butt heads. As soon as Trump isn’t enough of a useful idiot to them, then will work to dispose of him.
Real rich people don’t even drive.
The greatest irony out of all of this would be, if the "Russian Collusion" angle is ultimately a "nothing burger." Now, I don't think it will be, because the existing evidence is arguable more than circumstantial, but bear with me. How fucking ironic would it be if there was no collusion, but Trump committed multiple instances of obstruction to quell any investigation looking into it simply because his ego couldn't take it, and was impeached over it.
Hell, everything that has come to light via the media or released through lawyers and Mueller's team has only acted to confirm the accusations of the Steele Dossier.
I bet Trump suddenly wants to change some answers...
Seriously. He’s tweeting about Fake News. Which means something big is about to drop. I imagine that some journalists or media outlets have been holding back stories by request until the court documents are revealed tomorrow.
Pack it up boys. Beto isn’t perfect. Guess I’ll stay home and sit on my ass and watch Republicans win. Oh well, better to not vote than to compromise myself even .1%
*So many people* are going to get off so long as The Don goes down.
Kelly is going to make Trump fire him, the one thing he's too chicken shit to do, lol.
Tell them because you desire function over form and prefer minimalism design.
To showcase the entirely imagined .1% 1st world problems of a young adolescent male. For some reason he thinks flexing all his cars, jets, girls, and houses will make himself more relatable. "I have problems just like you!"
I swear, her chances in 2016 are getting more and more bleak.
"He's too incompetent to be evil!"
Yes. Had he declared bankruptcy multiple times and sold steaks in airplane magazines, then he would be a success.
It better pay off. Then again, I’m expecting plenty of blacked out pages.
They will cower in the seats like the cowards they are. They voted for Trump in the first place because he was a strong man they could hide their misguided views on the world behind.
[Welp, I guess this had to be done](https://i.imgflip.com/2og3iu.jpg)
Nothing happens to Trump unless Senate Republicans find him to be no longer useful, or a liability to their Brand. There will be no coming to jesus moment for Senate Republicans. Until they determine it is of better value to rid themselves of Trump, they will stick with Trump.
A greater range of motion allows for more minute changes.
Marketwide cup and handle signal forming! WALLETS SET TO FOMO!
The devil I know vs the devil I don’t know. Hell, the last devil was black!
TBH if Trump survives an impeachment, it will only strengthen his re-election effort. Republicans have been promising to make any effort towards impeachment look like a partisan effort. Going for it and failing only cements that fact. When you come at the king, you best not miss.
I think it had to do with many of the Senate races that flipped red were concentrated on the east coast so their results came in late. Plus, many of the house flips came from California, one of the last states to close polling, and one of the last states to finish counting their votes. I believe California alone attributed for 25% of all house seat gains. Immediacy bias is in play here. The initial results didn't look good for Dems, and that was the immediate "analysis" provided by the media shortly after polls closed on the east coast and mid west.
"Look want my Aunt gave me for my 17th b-day! BALLER!"
Talk to them, and laugh in their face. You can't use logic and reason to debate them. Their arguments have no logic and reason to begin with. Your best bet is mockery. Make them feel stupid. Laugh at their conspiracies. Ridicule them. Make them know their arguments both arent persuasive, but make them look foolish. Peer pressure them into realizing their public perception. And if they are too far off the deep end to care, report them to police and someone who's likely to commit an act of terror. Because you know they only need to be pushed far enough to justify it to themselves. And every day, every show, every clip is one push closer.
Strategy: Expand tent. Court Mexicans and Asians. Rely on "traditional family values," respecting your parents, and religion. Implementation: Become even *more* racist. Rely even more exclusively on white uneducated voters.
I imagine the Venn diagram of "willing to take the job" and "competent" do not overlap.
That's the point. No more half measures. Expose them.
He's just as foul-mouthed, illiterate, rude, condescending, womanizing, cruel, gluttonous, disgusting and lazy as they are. Of course they voted for him. He makes them feel better about themselves. Look! Even as a foul-mouthed, illiterate, rude, condescending, womanizing, cruel, gluttonous, disgusting and lazy person, I could be President too!
Mt. Dew bottle spotted!
Stop giving them ideas...
That would be the ultimate “Trump-like” move, to sell out others in your family to protect yourself.
Yup. The more absurd the conspiracy, the better. Low information voters are embarassed they are so low information, so they cling onto the notion that they are privy to secret information that others are not. They they have some sort of insight into an issue that you can't grasp or are too dumb to see the truth. It's frankly quite sad.
LeFtIsTs!
If you want to resolve the problem, you need your husband to be with you *100%.* He needs to: - Agree there is a problem - Agree it needs to be fixed - Agree with your solution, or provide a solution you can accept. If you do not have that from your partner, you will not find a solution. The elephant in the room here is obvious: At some point, your husband will either lose you, or his mother. You cannot rationalize with irrational people, and she probably is, has, and will always despise you for reasons she will never admit to and you will never learn. You will have to either accept concession after concession from the hoarder MIL, get your husband on your side and make a final stand at the risk of losing that relationship, or get a divorce. This looks inevitable.
A pro tip I’ve noticed: if what you want to say doesn’t already exist as a sticker, making your own messages with ransom letters should be an indication that maybe your views are a little out there.
Very legal, very cool.
He’s always working the base. He’s always appealing to their core triggers. He’s always trying to divide and conquer.
"Look, he got caught. He's not a smart guy. The payment? Civil, only civil, totally legal, maybe how he did it was not. But the payment? Very legal, very civil."
Get ready for Disney to set the stage for future publishers and companies to further split their services apart. Right now we have Netflix, Hulu, and Amazon Prime as the major streaming services. In the future there will be Watch Disney, Fox Entertainment, Paramout Stream, Viacom View, etc. etc. As cable declines, fragmented streaming services will emerge because it's more profitable to stream your own shows/movies exclusively than it is to get paid for the rights to stream your shows on another platform.
Sigh...I guess I'll post it again: &gt;Daily reminder that Battle Passes aren't returning outside of TI. &gt;Historically, every Battle Pass was tied to a specific valve-sponsored tournament. The year we were spoiled was after Valve announced the Majors system. Three tournaments sponsored by Valve with big prize money that would act as "mini-TIs." Each of these events had battle passes associated with them. &gt;That year came and went, and Valve changed their major system to be entirely third-party run. No longer was valve the one sponsoring the events. Therefore, they no longer hosted a battle pass because they wern't about to add to someone else's prize pool. It was up to the third party if they wanted to raise funds through a treasure of what have you. &gt;TL;DR - You won't see a battle pass that isn't connected to a valve-sponsored tournament, and the only one left is TI.
Just sharing that you can get Titanfall 2 on ebay for like...6 bucks.
The problem you've created is, you've made yourself into a "target" to one or more junkies who will return over and over again looking to score easily stolen goods. They hit you up once, they came back and were rewarded again. They will return over and over again until they think your house isn't worth checking out any more. You will need to be extra vigilant to ensure nothing of value is accessible, especially in any parked cars overnight.
k
Which is what scares me. They aren't going to sit on their hands and wait for Dems to take back the Presidency. Expect more aggression in the region, cyber attacks, and threats to our national systems.
bUt ItS a LiBeRaL cOnSpIrAcY!
Yup. Years of the most disgusting Japanese fart porn found only in the corners of 4chan has desensitized them to the point that only negative stories about Hillary Clinton can get them off. They've grown dependent. They need help.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_LjVYjQF2v8
The Republican party has successfully branded human decency and empathy as "weak" character flaws. To care about others is a risk to yourself and your own family. Grab, take, steal whatever you can, because if you don't, some illegal will steal from *you.*
- Blonde - Young - Willing to lie - No moral compass
"If he didn't personally save my puppy from a tree then I'm voting for Jill Stein as a protest vote!"
All they have left is Whataboutism, and regardless if the claims are even true. The entire right-wing conservative universe has no leg to stand on defending Trump except trying to gaslight Americans to win the court of public opinion. They don't have arguments. They don't have facts. They simply use propaganda, gaslighting, projection, and whataboutism to try to make *everyone* look as bad as them, to make their actions more acceptable.
They want them to die. If they can’t repeal our social safety net, they want fewer people to use it. And the GOP sees people dying off as more practical than efforts to raise the average standard of living.
Unfortunately streams require effort and production value. Look at pro streamers like drdisrespect who puts a ton of effort and has amazing production value, whether you like him or not. Arteezy doesn’t seem like that interests him. If he doesn’t even like to stream that much, he for sure wouldn’t put much effort into making his streams better. Or what do I know, maybe I’m on molly or some powder or shit.
Oh man, we would get along so well together at a party. You are totally correct.
I think brietbart are taking editorial headlines and then claiming “cnn reported...”
So many people have just tuned out. It’s overwhelming. Every day is another law broken, or another clause violated, another investigation revelation, another court hearing, etc. It’s overwhelming. People don’t want to think that our United States has become the shitshow that it has become. They don’t want to think about the incompetence of our leaders. They would rather turn a blind eye to the embarrassment we have become because to acknowledge it is too depressing and upsetting. Enough people are OK with the state of the economy so they don’t think the state of the government matters. So long as they can still afford their mortgage, have a job, and put food on the table, they will accept whatever atrocities this administration commits and the laws it breaks.
It makes them feel better about themselves. Every day they avoid the headlines from WaPo, NYT, Politico, and other respected outlets. Those outlets contain news that attacks their worldview, attacks their very identity and ethos as a person. They cannot stomach the idea they have spent their entire hate-filled life actually hating themselves, so they seek out headlines that make them feel good about "their team."
Important to mention that, for each scandal, they are at different points of the Narcissist's Prayer.
OMG I'm everything on the left, just depending on my mood if I'm libertarian or Authoritarian!
Yup. So the phone went: 1. To Peter Strzok 2. Back to FBI 3. To new FBI agent 4. To Special Counsel's Office 5. To OIG
This has to be one of the top videos of the year. Amazing work.
"Now let's make sure this drug charge follows him for the rest of his life. Should be thanking us, we saved him from ruining his life with marijuana!"
Down 99%, up 10% WeRe MoOnInG bOyS!
&gt; Maybe some shit actually went down that we don't know about. wonder if that user got banned for thinking.
cHrIsTmAs BoNuSeS aRe HeRe!
I guess that's the bar everyone. So long as you didn't commit treason, or if the burden is too cumbersome due to the strict legal definition, you are A OK!
It gets worse than that. Trump is sending an SOS to Putin that *he needs his help.* By removing sanctions, Trump is showing Putin that he can and will do what was asked, and that he needs Putin to help end the investigations, or to send a plane so Trump can take a midnight flight to Moscow.
Shut up and swallow the cum.
Meh. I play Merfolk 75% of the time I'm grinding dailies. I'm here to win or lose as fast as possible while multitasking email and house chores. I'm not trying to play an epic thrilling match. I just want my coins ASAP.
&gt; The core problem is the matchmaking algorithm changed from swiss to ranked/MMR, but the reward structure is still swiss. Under this system, you will earn continually less rewards as you rank up while facing continually tougher competition. This guy fucking gets it. Unless higher ranks result in better prizes for each incremental win, the system doesn't incentive you to play at all because you are punished for improving.
This change is literally Wizards telling us: "The intent is to provide players with a sense of pride and accomplishment..."
The summarized point here being: if Draft is supposed to mimic a real life draft, this change defeats that purpose. So they are either being disingenuous about the role/function of the game, or they want to redefine how players should see MTGA draft.
Not two sides. Two branches. If Trumps border funding bill could pass, it would pass without democratic votes. They don’t have the votes. RIP to the coward who deleted his comments after getting shut down with the quickness.
So, wizards should update it, right? Otherwise, isn't it misleading?
Proof that he cares about his legacy. This is the Roberts Court, and he probably wants to avoid staining his legacy with Trump juice.
"If Obama hadn't been such a good president, I wouldn't have become so self-conscious that my self-worth as a white male had been diminished which forced me to vote on a racist tribal basis!"
A lot of things were funny until Trump was elected.
January 3rd, Democrats swoop in, vote on the previously passed senate bill, and reopen the government.
Mnuchin is just splitting hairs. He’s saying Trump never suggested he be fired, but what he’s not saying is that Trump asked if he could be fired. Both can be simultaneously correct.
Mattis only resigned if he knew someone else was going to tackle trump for him, or if he was too incompetent to know how to do it.
Member he used to get newspaper clippings of positive news and online stories printed out to him in a folder every day? This was the Priebus era.
“Somebody clean this shit up!”
“Listen folks, the wall...I mean the slats with razor sharp edges...I mean the containment fence...I mean general maintenance of the existing fence...I mean new paint, will make America safe again!”
It’s people just wanting to be lazy. It’s people not wanting to think about what they say before they say it. It’s people who would rather have to apologize later if necessary than be barred from saying whatever they want. It’s people who don’t want to have to keep up on what “other” people want to call themselves. It’s intellectually lazy and purposefully spiteful because it’s easier to resist change than accept change.
I wouldn’t trust Trump to run a lemonade stand. Before you know it, you’ve got nothing but yellow water in gaudy cups with his name on it. He’s past due paying his lemon contractors and the feds are investigating his sales for tax evasion. And suddenly the house he held the stand in front of has been abandoned.
Imagine for a moment the reason he goes with what he hears on the TV is because he agrees with it more than the worlds best intelligence services and subject matter experts.
Because for conspiracy theorists, the less evidence for the claim, the more likely it *must* be true. It’s as if less evidence is *more* evidence, because that means the conspiracy is *just that deep* and has so many more parts and involves so many more people in the coverup. It becomes a self fulfilling prophecy because they assume the conspiracy just becomes bigger.
Let’s admit it, everyone is watching to see RTZ fail and babyrage.
AA mid is fine if he's playing the role of mid and didn't push out another player who wanted mid with a hero that has difficulty in other lanes. Basically, if this AA is the 4th core, he's an ass. If he's the second core, he's good to go.
It’s almost like his outrage is completely manufactured and isn’t arguing in good faith. Political posts like this are popular because the message is popular by users of this platform. If you don’t like it, you don’t have to use the platform. It’s simple as that.
Student IT employee at a college helpdesk. A guy a few years my senior, but still a student, grew to really dislike some of the newer and younger employees, including his newer boss. He and another employee began posting a series of “blogs” about how much they despised their coworkers, making fun of their appearances, competence, etc., all posted on the office’s Wikipedia page. He crossed the line when he and the other guy started joking about bringing an axe to work to show everyone else who’s boss. A friend who he thought he trusted spilled to me the beans, and I anonymously informed the manager. He was fired and escorted out the next day by campus police.
But that’s not the leadership. They want to hold out and fight for their benefits. The problem is, a lot of players are living paycheck to paycheck because they are fucking terrible with their money, and they outnumber the players who manage their shit. Many also come from very poor families and they may be supporting their parents, their spouses parents, and all the kids. The NFL has two major problems: drastically shorter average careers, and drastically higher expenditures from its players on cars, houses, clothes, jewelry, etc.
Totally possible he’s over estimating here. That said, people do try to do this. I have never wanted to try to use that much mental stress on myself to try to figure out, so I simply take the card I like most and pass. Sometimes I shuffle them a bit, sometimes I don’t. Sometimes I reorder them by rarity after someone else has disordered them :)
The manufacturer of the Mobo likely has a beep sequence tool that you can look up to see what the beeps mean. Check to make sure your power supply is adequate to power your graphics card and that the card is plugged in. Could also be a ram issue. Remove all the ram and insert one card at a time. I’ve had bad sticks that wouldn’t allow the pc to boot.
Save your money when you have to paint your exterior. That’s going to be the biggest volume of paint and that’s when you want to get the top tier stuff. We just did our exterior. 1500 sq foot home used 10 gallons of paint. Labor and paint were $2800. You’ll be fine on the inside. Just buy the top line at HD and focus on your finish. You’ll want something low luster like eggshell. Door frames you can use semi gloss if you’d like but the paint is thinner so you may need to sand first to ensure adhesion.
There’s a whole series of them on YouTube and they have been great!
"Yo fam, I'm just on that grind, getting that hustle."
HEY EVERYONE, THIS GUY HAS A SKYLINE GTR!
&gt;Democrats for having lost an election that they should have won This part always stuck out to me. Why does he say the Democrats should have won? Did he believe Hillary was going to win? Did he *want* Hillary to win? Certainly gives credence to the idea that Trump may have never wanted to be President and only wanted to grow his brand. Except when he won, he decided to wing it, because his ego wouldn't allow him to resign.
The only problem for wizards, at least for a player like me, Arena is so good, I don’t think I’ll play paper magic again. And I haven’t since I got into the beta in October.
&gt;Also, for reference, he's not the only person in the company that does it. I have a whole set of people in another location that call me for everything that I'm having the same problem with. For them I just don't generally answer the phone anymore, but I hate being unprofessional. Two options here: 1). You need to talk to your manager about offering training to people about where requests go, what IT can help them with, and how to contact them. You need to formalize the process/procedure for all IT inquiries, and what your role is. 2). People may be contacting you because of a failure of the IT department. If you are the IT manager, they may be trying to elevate their issue either because they think they can get it done faster, or because they don't like the the service offered by IT.
You don’t need to decide on one over all, or worse, one or nothing. Better to rank your favs and understand that no candidate has a majority, and therefore, the majority of democrats won’t see their favorite win the primary. We are spoiled to have so many qualified and interesting candidates.
Source? Last sac send message I got was for the dean of Health and Human Services.
It gives (hopeful) credence to the possibility that, while justices may lean conservative or liberal, there is room for nuance and decisions are not binary choices. The Republic isn't lost (yet).
&gt; 22nd amendment: The right to dual wield!
"Now, let's talk about Texas. No, that isn't a map of Texas, it's the silhouette of a piece of cheese I took a few bites out of for lunch, but never mind that you couldn't recognize one of your own states, Texas...
You can hope and predict, it just depends how much Trump appeals to their adolescent minds. To a lot of them, its *funny* to make fun of people with disabilities, women, minorities, gays, etc. It's *funny* to kick people when they are down, flaunt your power over others, and be an overall jackass. It's also *funny* to not care about things other people do, or to label things that people care about as stupid and meaningless, AKA South Park Politics.
How can you make that excuse when you didn't have time away from your family yet because you didn't have the job yet?
"Followers."
The media is goign to focus on whatever the side show is. Last election it was the oddity. The media focused on the protests, especially them being "disruptive." This election it might be more about the Qanoners, conspiracy theorists, and open white supremacists. Maybe people will care that racists love this man. Or maybe they will sigh and think "welp, Trump is going to be good for us white people."
People need to also realize that it can *always* be worse. This is why “anyone but Trump” arguments look weak, because it assumes you don’t care about the issues. Issues drive policy. We *should* care about policy.
I don’t disagree, but I think it’s fair for Bernie’s campaign to make point.
It’s unfortunate that the biggest and most iconic rallying cry for the alt right and trump supporters during the 2016 campaign already works against warren in 2020: lock her up. It has no relevance to any scandal or wrongdoing for warren because those scandals don’t exist, but because she’s a women and because she’s Trump’s opponent, they will gladly chant their favorite fascist slogan.
This suddenly gave me the idea that Trump might try to capitalize off his idiot base of Qanon followers and try to milk them of cash through donations to stage an overthrow of the deep state once and for all! All the while not caring how radical and violent the group is becoming due to the constant edging that "aRrEsTs ArE cOmInG!"
It isn't about content availability, it's about content accessibility. Saying there is more content if you have to spend thousands of dollars is disengenuous. Previous battle passes allowed for more levels to be *earned* by playing, which for players, is often the most rewarding experience. Nothing feels better than getting win after a big 500 coin bet, rank double down, quest accomplished, BP level found, achievement unlocked, etc. Last year I was seeing myself *earn* 9-12 levels *per week.* This BP I am earning an average of 5 levels per week. This means if I want to experience more content, I have to open the wallet. For some, that's fine. For others, it's limiting.
This is the realization I am making as well. I need to adjust my goals. I won't be able to fully complete the jungle quest, but I should still be able to unlock the sets.
It's simple, they want big government for themselves, not for everyone. They are selfish, and they don't understand or care that government should serve all citizens. And if you stress that point, they will concede that they simply don't accept everyone to be a citizen. They are desperately afraid of an America without their standard of privilege, and are working to take the once inherent privileges they benefited from, and make them law.
"Fine, then let's reconsider the 3/5ths compromise then." Waiting for this.
~~"Don't call them concentration camps, they aren't in cages!"~~ ~~"Don't call them concentration camps, they aren't overcrowded!"~~ ~~"Don't call them concentration camps, they aren't being mistreated!"~~ ~~"Don't call them concentration camps, they aren't dying due to malnutrition, neglect, and lack of medical attention!"~~ "Don’t call them concentration camps, we haven’t gassed them yet." **&lt; - we are here** "Don’t call them concentration camps, we haven’t buried them in mass graves yet." "Don't call them concentration camps, they deserved it!"
Something tells me he likes to describe himself as a “constitutional originalist.”
Watch them rule that the question is reasonable regardless of intent...
The problem especially comes if your boss sees you doing these menial labor tasks and wonders why you aren't busy with some more technical project. "Is this the best use of your skills, Johnson?"
Unfortunately, rather than this being yet another example of why Trump is a terrible human being, for the GOP, it is yet another example of a women trying to raise her profile and defame the President.
I’m only speaking to what the GOP will do to ruin this woman’s character and career. She will be dismissed and abused, repeating the abuse she’s already experienced once before.
Trump slowly but surely marches towards fascism by default, incrementally seizing more power, breaking more laws, shattering more norms, all the while thinking "why did no one else ever think of this!?"
It’s perfect job security when the other party is acting in good faith to maintain government. Never act in good faith and lie about your intentions. When one party is playing by rules that you aren’t, you can win even if your ideas lose.
Yup. It’s become clear that a Trump presidency doesn’t end without a loss of American lives at the hand of radical Trump supporters either stoked by calls of stochastic terrorism or simply would be militias “defending” their country from liberal takeover. They’ve been fed extremist language for decades and they finally have their messiah. They would rather be a martyr than live in an incrementally more progressive America.
Do you think trump will win in 2020 due to legitimate electoral college win, or due to foreign interference, or domestic cheating, or other?
&gt; Older people would commonly have 82-84F. No wonder every TV show and movie from the 70s looks like everyone is covered in sweat. It was the thermostat setting! That or the cocaine.
Pelosi "But I want to wait until mid 2020 to make it a political tool!" American People "Why impeach a guy who's out of here in a few months, this is a waste of time, hell, let's reelect the fucker to spite Pelosi because she's just playing politics." Not looking forward to reading/hearing this sentiment in the future, but expecting it.
*dun dun dun* GOD ENETERED! *dun dun dun* MY BODY! *dun dun dun* LIKE A BODY! *dun dun dun* SAME SIIIIIIIIIZE!
They are Republicans, rules, reasons, laws, do not apply.
"That'll teach em!"
In some ways, I wonder if it would just be better for Dems to rid themselves of Biden. Not just because of his gaffs, and issues, but because we need to cut the umbilical cord from the Obama Admin. Let's admit it, a lot of low information dems like Biden because he's the closest thing to the Obama years. Unfortunately that is a poor reason to vote for someone and doesn't hold up when the new person is judged independently. Dems need to move on from Biden and allow the new crop of progressives to stretch their wings. This will re energize the party going forward.
bOtH sIdEs ObViOuSlY!
"Oh, it won't happen here. This is just politics."
Why do Dems care *at all* about the south in the first place? It was abundantly clear that Bernie could have beaten Trump when he beat Hillary in Michigan. Hillary won more states, but Bernie won more states that mattered.
Creat a bunch of “instant collections” to sell on eBay. I’ve sold about 50 of these that included like 30-50 rares, 75-125 uncommons and the rest commons. I sold them for an average of about $13 plus $5 for shipping that the buyer would pay. I included actual photos of every bundle. On the photos you could spot most the rares but not that easily. You just want to give the buyer a better impression of what they will receive. It took a shit load of time to sort, photo and package everything but helped me make around $500 for shit bulk.
Ah Google, constantly building algorithms to do the work for them. It's almost like they need *something* capable of applying judgement and considering context.
I mean...the Dems did do this in 2011 in Wisconsin: https://www.npr.org/2011/02/17/133847336/wis-democratic-lawmakers-flee-to-prevent-vote It didn't work tho, the union busting bill was passed. Maybe if Dems had armed militia threatening the lives of Republican lawmakers it would have been different. Unfortunately they only had thousands of protestors occupying the state house. Amazing what a few guns will do.
&gt;"Trump might not be a Racist; but the Racist think he's a Racist" This quote is great, but it needs an update and added punch. Trump may or may not be a Racist; but the Racists think he's a Racist, and they have never been more excited for a Presidential candidate.
In other words "I don't pull out, folks, I don't pull out. I stay until the job is finished. Completely. 100% satisfied. Then my lawyers do the dirty work to clean up the mess."
What is supposed to be lawful has become partisan if it puts Trump in any light that isn’t glowingly positive.
Dang. I dropped 90% at one point and managed to muster up the courage to buy some ETH when it was $150 a couple months ago. Since then, that ETH purchase which was 1/10th of my original investment is now 50% of my portfolio.
Man, when will these crypto youtubers start shilling the 2017 coins to help resurrect my portfolio. Save icx, omg, xlm and bat!
You’d be quite wrong.
What about Durantula?
The comment wasn’t “Tulsi did good” it was “Tulsi was the only one who did good.” And that’s a trend among some Tulsi “supporters” who have a habit of knocking everyone else down in order to raise Tulsi up. It isn’t about working together or sharing common values and goals, it’s about how one can degrade the democratic field and party in general, but claim Tulsi is the exception.
I understand your sentiment but your words are for OP, not me. I didn’t make the claim about “Tulsi bots.”
So many fell into the "South Park Politics" trench, criticizing "both sides" as equally terrible in an attempt to gain an air of superiority for not identifying as a party affiliate, and then ridiculing anyone for caring about anything at all.
It's literally the only option now. No more appealing to a high ground, only to find yourself alone and powerless. Use the political tools available to you. And in the long run, if your ideas are better and your leaders are stronger, you'll win out anyway.
TBH this is the more important decision. Gerrymandering sucks, but nothing *changed* really. Democracy didn't improve, it stayed injured and limping. Adding the Census question would have put the bullet into the proverbial horse of Democracy
"Don't try to educate me because acknowledging your information was helpful would be admitting my previous argument was bullshit the whole time." There's still no correlation or relationship between "illegals and driver's licenses." I'm going to bet it's just a talking point on some conservative talk show.
Roberts came through to tell the Republicans to come up with a more convincing lie.
That sort of depends if Bernie stays in the race past having a realistic chance of securing the nom, let along being mathematically eliminated. *Plenty* of candidates are going to stay in the race far too long for their own good.
If those were our four leading candidates, just think how amazingly fortunate we would be. It’s on them to eat into Biden’s lead.
The only box he doesn’t check is appeal to black Americans. That’s more a lack of knowing who he is, but the democratic primary is lately won through the south. Hillary swept the southern states during the primary that were irrelevant in the general, while Bernie won Michigan, which was a battleground state.
Harris/Buttigeg is a very compelling ticket. I don’t see any glaring weaknesses.
The username is kgb##. It’s not like you are engaging with someone arguing in good faith. Don’t take the bait.
“Listen folks, it’s going to be tremendous. The best cops. They tell me, the best cops. So nice. So woke. So not racist. It’s truly incredible folks, truly incredible. You won’t believe how tolerant and socially aware these cops are.” I guess he could just lie about it. Is that strong to you? Admitting failure is a hell of a lot more courageous than lying.
iTs HiS tOrCh!
A lot of people supported Trump at the beginning “fur the lulz” too. They came for the memes, they stayed for the trolling, and then they were radicalized.
"Hung recognize hung."
Just shows how fucking easy it is to be a Republican politician.
See this? This is why we are *fortunate* as democrats to have so many compelling, smart, policy-driven candidates. There are at least 3 candidates that people *really* like, and for some, as many as 5 or 6. We have a wealth of quality contenders, it's important to realize our fortune and not let small disagreements on semantics or interpretations cloud our luck.
Unfortunately Democrats enjoy standing alone, on their imaginary high-ground, wondering why people won't respect them for their stances.
I mean, Oakland was once nicknamed Little Baghdad! That’s foreign enough for me!
Nope. It just means they need even better gerrymandering algorithms and voter suppression and depression efforts. Oh and maybe some new poll taxes or disinformation campaigns.
The only think my Republican coworker watched of the debates were the mic issues during night 1 making fun of Chuck Todd, and on YouTube a day later.
His plan is to make life so miserable, you beg him to stop, rather than demand his removal. It’s abusive relationship 101.
No.
["It's lookin' spicy!"](https://gamepedia.cursecdn.com/dota2_gamepedia/4/49/Chat_wheel_2019_looking_spicy.mp3?version=ef2392ed3f4f3c87e5bfbd640aba6062)
Politics is bad for their wellbeing too, which is why they immediately resorted to personal attacks. Best to laugh in their face and call out their fake patriotism. Don’t concede a single point. Drive them to madness with confidence.
Millions of smart people have become sucked into MLMs because they are a predatory business model. They rely on manipulation, self-doubt, and illusions of grandeur to convince their recruits. When they were recruited they were told all of the criticisms ahead of time, and how those people are only being negative, jealous of your new lifestyle, and ignorant of the benefits. And if someone can't be turned, they should be removed from your life. You have two options right now: stage an intervention to save her life, or say goodbye.
Trump, and his cult of supporters are thinking the same thing right now though: If it gets Trump reelected, so be it.
Guaranteed. I wouldn’t put it past him to ignore actionable intelligence about an impending attack within the continental United States to drum up support. This man will do *anything* to get elected, no matter how many people, foreign or domestic, suffer.
While I think a nuke is possible, I bet he goes with a few MOABs, like the military used a few months after his election. Drop some Mother of all Bombs with no regard for civilian or cultural losses and call it a day. The result, even if Iran is destroyed, is a guaranteed rise in terrorism, al Qaeda, taliban, ISIS, etc.
Wow. What a thought I hadn’t considered. Trump will bomb the shit out of Iran to send a message not to other foreign countries, but to the American people. Expect plenty of special ops and publicized assassinations of targets.
Doubt it. Trump could be awarded a Nobel peace prize for deescalating this conflict and it will be overshadowed by a new scandal by Friday.
Tell me, what are the lotto numbers next weekend, ya fucking Nostradamus.
The systems at these bases are able to detect the rockets and give them as much as 30 minutes of warning.
"Toleried"
Thanks, and I had a thought the later was likely the case.
The only thing that matters to people like this who glorify The Punisher is that he kills people he doesn't like. A Punisher sticker used in this example is nothing but a threat.
It's well documented that moving, traveling, going off to college, etc., are all life experiences that expose you to different people and backgrounds, often making you more liberal. Conservatives blame college professors, when the issue is simply getting out of your bubble and realizing that people, no matter their race, are just *people.*
Those are the exception :)
Before long the official narrative will be "What, are you a terrorist lover or something? He's dead and you should be thanking us! That's all the justification you need!" Collins has been the dry run for the argument.
I hope whoever the Democratic primary winner makes this argument. "In 2020, the decision isn't between Myself and Trump, it's whether you are an *American,* or a *Republican*. Whether you put your country first, over your party." Democrats need to stop mincing words.
"We had the option of calling witnesses, but my colleagues on the other side of the isle refused to hear from real fact witnesses, like Joe and Hunter Biden, and Chalupa, the Taco Bell dog. If they refuse to call on these witnesses, we will not hear from their witnesses."
But the ones who run the country are, so they represent us abroad, and make decisions for us at home. until we give them a reason to think otherwise, we might as well all be Big Mac chomping, gun waving, MAGA hat wearing, insufferable morons.
Trump still thinks Puerto Rico is a foreign country who he wants to bribe to help his reelection efforts.
I'm not saying we can't, but when the moment comes for Republicans to be held to account for their treachery, will they accept their fate, or reject Democracy? That decision is yet to be known.
Works effectively on the right, their religious background has given them all the practice to ignore what is written in scripture and to just listen to someone else tell them what it says, it's no different for them when it comes to the constitution.
It's worse than that, it's using the office of the President to carry out assassinations as political favors. "Hey Graham, did that foreign leader snub you at the Christmas party? Want me to take care of that for you? No problem, just a, do us a favor and remember this little gift."
It's worse than that, it's using the office of the President to carry out assassinations as political favors. "Hey Graham, did that foreign leader snub you at the Christmas party? Want me to take care of that for you? No problem, just ah, do us a favor and remember this little gift."
You really think McConnell could conduct an impeachment Trial in a couple weeks? Including all of the logistics, theatre and the involvement of the Judicial branch? Clinton's trial was 5 weeks. Hell, it's more likely Trump demands a rescheduling of the SOTU speech to later in the year in order to get his "impeached but exonerated" moment, regardless of when Pelosi offers the articles.
Amazingly well. She won the primary and the popular vote.
He literally assassinated someone as a political favor to some more hawkish GOP senators. Who else is he willing to kill to make people like him?
They accused her of things they would do if they were in her situation. They couldn’t believe that someone didn’t do those things. Now they are doing those things because they are in her position.
The Audi. The gtr is on a 10 year old platform. The r8 was just updated.
What did Kaine offer Clinton? Nothing but the state he came from: Virginia. If she’s from ohio, there may be a similar strategy here.
If you can’t get them to explain their feelings, getting it out, they won’t actually change, they will simply vote wherever the wind is blowing. Make them explain why they feel the way they do. Make them feel safe to share. Be welcoming and comforting so they are less likely to shut down. Make them know that you don’t think less of them and anyone can change or be wrong and it takes guts to admit it, and you’ll be better off acknowledging you were tricked and will be smarter next time. Allow themselves to break down, while you build them up.
Put it simply: If you will only accept one outcome, you are playing yourself, or being played.
Any bets if this is the first question asked in the debate? Sanders will deny it, Warren will play footsie with it because it benefits her politically, all of their supporters get upset at each other, and that anger will be exploited by active measures campaigns.
This is the takeaway: As Republican standards fell lower, Democratic standards grew higher. That's something we can hang our hat on.
&gt;I hope he continues to put his resources to use taking down trump and winning back the country. Yup. It will be incredibly revealing to see if he and Bloomberg will continue to pour resources into Trump's defeat, or will their spending dry up when their campaign ends. Were they in it for change, or in it for vanity/power?
&gt; I’m pretty sure I heard that BSG wants this game to be people figuring this out and talking about it and sharing this information The problem is the information gap between experienced players and new players isn't remedied by locking out certain players from queuing together. Making the learning curve less punishing *is not* lowering the learning curve. If it were up to me, players sub level 10 would only queue with other players sub level 10. You could make a specific queue, or just handle it on the backend, and it could apply to every non-keycard map. I mean, unless the "end game" is flexing on lowbies...
I agree, every extract should have something noticeable or recognizable to distinguish it. learning curves should be about *learning,* not necessarily memorization.
&gt; Go to the wiki and literally study every single item on the page. Armor classes, raiders, bosses, maps, type of meds, loot, cases etc. Brave statement incoming: A game that *relies* on third-party sources is *not* good game design. Some of these things can be explained through game mechanics, in-game aids, tutorials, lists, etc. Yes, I am a new player, but I find it interesting, coming from someone with 15+ years of experience with Dota/Dota 2, one of the most difficult learning curve games for new players. The dota 2 community has been calling on more QOL improvements, tutorials, and aids for new players for *years*, while Escape from Tarkov wears it's learning curve like a badge of honor.
"Who's going to watch the watchmen?"
Yup. We need to beat them by 5 points in order to see real change, anything less is a wash, or a loss. Thanks Gerrymandering and Electoral college!
Absolutely, whoever wins the Primary nomination for the Dems, Attorney General Barr will announce a *criminal* investigation into the candidate into whatever bullshit reason they give. Trump has installed levers within our government who serve him, rather than the nation.
CNN, MSNBC and Fox all had fucking "countdowns" to the next Trump speech, with shots of a empty podium, while they teased "what will he say next!"
&gt;One person said to me, "I hate Trump but he seems to be doing a pretty good job." AKA: "I haven't noticed a discernible negative effect of his presidency, because I'm either to blind too notice one, or too privileged to have one."
One (paraphrased) quote I remember from an interview of a guy about a decade ago who was driving an H2 hummer, on a story about the rise of smaller cars and the death of the large gas guzzling SUVs: "Isn't that what this country is about? Freedom? Isn't it my right to choose to pollute if I want to?"
It's almost like we have bigger problems now. Hindsight is 20/20. You can regret a decision, and it's on us to forgive.
Yes, and 95% of this country doesn't spend one second thinking about them. We are a terrible people, but This is America.
"Guess you can do anything in the Ukraine with money...what I was told."
this is absolutely atomic bomb level stuff. We need a mega thread ASAP.
dOnT fOrGeT tO sHoW yOuR oNeCaRd!
Only 10 minutes before the Maddow interview is over.
It makes me wonder if Pence, Barr, Pompeo, Nunes, and other lifelong republican politicians might decide to simply turn on Trump and make him the fall guy. The calculation being that the heat on them will cool down if the “mastermind” is ousted.
They use their imagination and would insist that "both sides are the same," no matter what. You'll never get them to admit a mistake, because they can't swallow their own pride. They'd rather swallow bullshit.
Stochastic terrorism.
&gt;Please explain this mechanic in the fucking load screen so these retards can learn. BuT mUh LeArNiNg CuRvE!
/r/liberalgunowners is regularly shared on politics. Many users care more about your ideology when it comes to deciding if you are a fascist.
Ask him "So who do you plan to shoot?" If he pauses *at all* before saying "Oh no one, of course not, it's for sport," you've got him.
At this rate, with 3 arrested Trump supporters a day, Trump might not have any voters left come November! Thank you for keeping us safe, FBI.
They think the government is run by a canal of Jewish elites, and Trumps election was a fluke, but also their best opportunity to to expose and take down the Jewish elites. It’s why they so fervently support him and some eagerly await the day they can prove their loyalty through martyrdom.
3 edgy 5 me
He just wants the corruption for himself. I’m sure if PR were willing to announce investigations into the Biden’s their aid wouldn’t have been affected.
Just loaded in fuckers! About to hit shoreline and get all the loot!
Meanwhile my coworker insist that because that Louder with Crowder fellow on YouTube found one person who hates the Canadian healthcare system, it’s terrible and everyone hates it.
Good on you. I’ve had friends fail semesters in college due to World of Warcraft addictions.
Absolutely, although I live the life of a rat, a true scav, I avoid all contact with players, run &amp; hide from gunfire, and wait to pick up the leftover crumbs. I ditched Customs a week ago. As a new player, I was told to go there too, but it's a waste of time. Too many geared out of their mind players doing Marked Room runs, and then killing lowbies for fun. I've been running shoreline to much more success. My extract rate on Customs was around 10%. I'm closer to 45% on Shoreline. All I do is run from bush to bush, and taking the occasional sprint towards an unlooted house/building, getting what I can, and then getting the fuck out. Only kill Scavs if they are solo and easily killable. Never over extend, extract ASAP. In fact, the first thing I do is figure out my extract and begin moving towards it. 90% of my survived extracts are run-throughs. Despite this, I'm only two weeks in, sitting on 3.5 mill and have a couples sets of gear when needed. So is, the life of a rat.
Don't try to earn your items, you will only set yourself up for disappointment. This can be hard because it gives the same high as gambling. Earn rubles, spend them on what you want. Don't try to do the same run hoping for the 1% drop rate, risking your loot, and risking being exit camped. Just earn the cash, and spend it.
I alternate my scav runs and PMC runs, or spend that 20 mins between scav runs managing my inventory and flea market sales. When I run my PMC, I'm literally just going with a green helmet, 6B5-16 Zh -86 "Uley" armored rig, a Grach Pistol with 2 magazines, and a couple meds in my alpha container. Shorelines is great because most people run into the center of the map to get to the huge Admin building. The edges of the map are pretty quiet. There are a couple choke-points on the map, but careful surveying and sprinting can get you through them. Shoreline is HUGE, so have a map open on a tablet, and look for landmarks. Use the overhead powerlines as "roads."
Joe's podcast circles the alt-right youtube playlist and overlaps with them pretty heavily. This could move people, but I imagine it will serve more as an anti-establishment stance than a Democratic one. "Yeah, well, if Bernie doesn't get the nomination, I'll be voting Trump again," will be what many of his listeners say/think.
Dems: take a queue from the Republicans. Ask for 10 witnesses, offer 1 in return. Then “compromise” on 4 witnesses you can call, for 2 of theirs. Don’t play fair from the start, or you’ll compromise to a worse starting point.
You might be confusing Doom with Duke Nukem.
Only a matter of time before "we have all the material, they don't" becomes "we have all the military, they don't."
&gt; I am not hearing it at work nor are my friends generally engaged, many of which generally follow politics. I'm starting to lean towards we're fucked People are exhausted when it comes to Politics, and this was sort of the intention by Trump and Co. My wife is over it as well. Thankfully, I think a lot of people are "over it," when they already have their mind made up that they don't like the guy. The people that do need that constant endorphin feed from Fox News to keep telling them they are right, so they *are* tuned in, except it's disinformation.
Unfortunately too many people will say you are just being extreme or unrealistic. Tell them in forceful language "Ignore me if you wish, I'd love to tell you I told you so, but I'll probably be dead."
More like, I'm dogshit at this game, avoid all contact or combat with players, spend 50% of my games hiding in bushes, still die to scavs on my PMC, and have a 90% Run Through rate. I literally spawn into a game, on either my PMC or scav, and immediately begin my way to the nearest exit. Not to mention, I have no intention of actually gearing up my PMC with anything other than a pistol or AK and level 3 armor if I'm too dogshit to utilize good gear anyway. I panic when I see people, I shoot too early, I aim wildly, and am probably using shitty ammo too. But I do have nearly 4 million in the bank! #ratlyfe
I need to sit down and decide one night to actually attempt to shoot people. My PMC runs are with some Uley armor and a pistol, looking for dead bodies and hiding in bushes. I run along walls to the nearest exit. Probably didn't help that I was told "pLaY cUsToMs!" where I had a 10% extract rate for the first two weeks. Been having more success on Shoreline...but still feel completely outgunned and out skilled.
Poor whites would rather stay poor than allow the chance of poor blacks receiving any benefits that could improve their lives. It’s lowest common denominator politics.
When I finally figured out customs, I simply ran against the back fence, looted 3 hidden cache's before trying to make the run to crossroads.
I won't be surprised when the impeachment trial is dismissed 51/49. Two Republicans will be allowed to vote for Impeachment to help with their reelection, Trump has a "majority," and the media can spin that "well, 2 Republicans sided with dems, so it showed that this wasn't a partisan trial, just simply not convincing enough!"
The number of times I was playing as a new player, at night, stuck in the train depot is too high to count.
Admitting Dems want Trump removed for any reason other than winning in 2016 is admitting that Trump has done something wrong, or is less than 100% perfect. That is tantamount to treason, in their eyes.
I hope the evening news covers it. Millions of Americans still watch the 5:30 evening news from NBC, CBS, and ABC.
"Oh, I'm *open* to the idea, I will *consider* it, as most of my colleagues will. We will just, in unity, decide it isn't necessary."
Plenty of well education, well-intentioned, smart, clever and intelligent people can fall pray to propaganda. There's a reason it's so effective: because everyone is susceptible. Hell, if humans weren't so easily duped MLMs wouldn't have been tricking people for the last 100 years.
Democrats aren’t pursuing Pence at all. He’s a lame duck.
My use of "looking forward" was sarcastic, which is implied directly following the example I provide from 2015, so I'm obviously aware of what happened *last week.*
No worries!
&gt; He wants the job done right that he paid for? In the eyes of the contractor, he's not paying for anything, it's the insurance. Insurance isn't going to check their work, so they think they can get by cutting corners.
You're buying the bate from alt-right trolls who want to sow discord, or you are one yourself. Two former Obama staffers immediately denounced the idea that "Obama was rumored to consider going public to not recommend Sanders."
Let’s be realistic, someone who has some moderate appeal and wide name recognition.
Same. I have a few loot spots that are relatively low traffic (I don't touch the resort) and I run around the edges of the map. If I score something early, I can usually make my way to an extract in 6-8 minutes of total gametime.
So why doesn't ABC include the audio in their article?
Ding ding ding ding. Any senator who votes against Trump will find themselves and their family under immediate threat and harassment. Many Trump supporters are domestic terrorists waiting for the right season for attacks.
Newsflash: if you propose a policy change like this, there will have to be a cutoff point. No matter where that point is decided, some group will feel ignored because they weren’t grandfathered into the new policy, but were left exempt. And if you allow those voices to dictate your ability to implement your policy, you will *never* successfully implement the policy. There will be some people who benefit more, or benefit less in the immediate aftermath, that comes with the territory of major policy changes. But future generations will experience no loss of benefits, and in instead *universally* enjoy them.
It seems to happen far too often, politicians seem to try to smear non partisan professionals as partisan political agents who have ulterior motives and hidden agendas. And people fall for it, yet it’s the *politician’s* who job it is to be a partisan political hack.
I’ve been trying to tell my wife, who doesn’t care that much for sanders and prefer Pete, that she needs to prepare for the momentum that could occur if Sanders wins a couple early states. The bandwagon effect is real, and people will want to follow the guy who looks like he’s going to win. Whoever comes out ahead of these first few states will impact Super Tuesday, and whoever comes out ahead after that will likely quickly make this a 2-3 person race, not 5-6.
Make PMC healed after raid. Problem solved. Finds ways to make the game more playable, not less playable. Buff something instead of nerving something.
Do you need an Nvidia graphics card to run it? I've got a radeon rx 570. Any hope for me?
No, you see, in Trump World, Bolton was a closeted Never Trumper deep state tactician who sought to undermine the President. It's not that Trump is incompetent, he tricked Trump.
Have you noticed that putting a red dot on a gun doesn't mean the bullet goes to the dot? I was in the shooting range with both a Mosin and a Pistol that I had a scope/red dot sight on, and ADSing down the barrel results in the bullet landing consistently under the expected location. It appears that adding sights doesn't actually modify where the bullets go, and they end up below where you are targeting.
Don't forget normies.
Seriously. Putin told Trump that Ukraine has a history of corruption. They got a new President, and Trump wanted to check up on how willing they were to play ball.
Sounds like we might get Bolton...but they won't do so without demanding Biden. Republicans will use this as a way to apply pressure to Democrats, knowing Democrats and Biden really don't think his testimony is relevant, and will only be used to muddy the waters. It's a gamble that they can simply shrug their shoulders and say "We were willing to hear from witnesses, but Democrats were unwilling to compromise, so this sham impeachment trial is all *their* fault!" Bet on it.
Absolutely. At the very least, he sees it as an exercise for them to prove their loyalty.
Congrats! I know this sub is pretty dead, but I appreciate your post event report! I'd say there weren't too many upsets, and some good +1.5 payouts with so many matches going to 3 games.
The hardest hurdle for a new player is hitting that level 5 to open the flea market. It completely changes the game once you can make some decent loadouts and sell gear and barter items for their max value.
I'm sure they are hard at work ignoring their phone calls from constituents and instead dialing Putin for a "favor."
Let’s not forget the men who were accused of heinous crimes who suddenly found themselves extremely frail and old: Cosby Manafort Weinstein All of a sudden each of them were wheelchair bound during trial.
It’s worth it for them to test the courts. Regardless of what the courts say, the senate will still acquit. They’ve already moved the goalposts to acknowledging what trump did was illegal, but it doesn’t meet the threshold for impeachable. So who cares if a court says he committed a crime. It will be a “process crime” and not a high crime. Granted, it feels like the last leg they can stand on...until they make something else up.
Lol. Is this the “to hot for TV” equivalent for books?
I know, I'm being cheeky :) I'm a coward and a terrible shot, so I avoid the resort except for maybe the ground floor medical wing, and then I GTFO.
Whatever happened to the Mosque constructions at ground zero!?!?!?!?
It's almost like, if an industry can become incorporated for maximum profit, it's legality is assured. Watch, some mother fucker like Kraft or Nestle is going to become the largest manufacturer and distributor of Marijuana and WalMart will become the largest retailer of Marijuana.
Enjoy it while it lasts. I wouldn't be surprised if/when home grows are made illegal again, or have tight restrictions. WalMart doesn't want you cutting into their profits.
I have three sandwiches for sale, and you are *super hungry.* I have: - A Bomb-ass Turkey Bacon Club, with avocado, on warm toasted sourdough. - A literal shit sandwich. - A ham sandwich on rye, with light mayo and mustard OOPS! We just sold out of the bomb-ass turkey bacon club, would you like the shit sandwich or the ham on rye?
He will insist his qualifier in that statement is "in the public interest," and will make the argument that Republicans view their candidacy as public interest, why Democrats cannot.
Yes, it's so bad in fact, none of the candidates and none of the plans proposed are drastic enough to reverse the effects. We will have significant landmass loss, we will have homes destroyed and communities displaced. We will see lives and resources lost. The time to act was 40 years ago. We will have to adapt regardless of who the candidate is, there is no more "prevention," we've now moved to "damage control." And knowing this, very good is still better than worse.
Don’t for a moment think there aren’t people and corporations already eying, and buying, up property that will increase in value as sea levels rise due to climate change. America is defined by greed and exploitation.
Roberts would rather be invisible, his name lost to history, than to have this moment define him. Instead, his cowardice will likely define him as he avoids taking to any side. Ignoring injustice is an approval of injustice.
You just know that the majority of Senators in that room are bored as fuck, meanwhile Schiff is living, eating, breathing and utterly passionate about the process, the arguments, the opportunity to make one's case and destroy the other's.
Food for thought, when’s the last time we heard from a former democrat insisting they do “what’s right” despite their party’s position? Amazingly I can’t recall any in my immediate memory.
Yup. Stop pretending that life is like the movies, where the good guys win. In real life, villains win all the fucking time.
Neither are half the Republican Senators. They just know their careers, and maybe even their lives, depend on it. If you are wondering if Fascism is coming to America, doubt no more, when people are afraid to vote or speak out against you for fear that one's supporters will threaten your life or the lives of your family. The Senate will vote to acquit, not out of confidence in this president, but out of deathly fear of reprisal.
The same day they vote to acquit...
The thing making everyone nervous is the idea that 2020 is *all we have left.* And we know this man will do *anything* to get reelected. And we know he, his party, and foreign powers will be doing their best to get Democrats/progressive/liberals to fight amongst ourselves in an effort to fracture. Things are going to get a lot worse, a lot darker. These are dangerous times.
I've got a strong feeling that Bolton was confident he wouldn't be called in for questioning. Regardless if he was or not, his book is going to be a massive seller. This is the message to Americans: Fuck country, fuck morals, fuck principles, fuck ethics, fuck values. Get. Money.
&gt;GOP senators about to smear their legacies in eternal shit today. Stop pretending they give a shit about their legacy. They don't. Legacy only matters when courses change and history is written to reflect on those tainted legacies. But history is written by the victors. Republicans are 100% supporting single-party rule indefinitely. 2012 was the last free and fair Presidential election in US history. EDIT: typo
Pathetic that the "help your reelection vote" is tied to simply voting for witnesses, not even voting to remove, because I guarantee that one doesn't pass. Hell, now with the witness vote lost, I wouldn't be surprised if several Dems voted with Republicans against conviction for the same reason.
This isn't even a reason, it's literally half a thought. "The process was rushed and flawed, and witnesses could have cured that shortcoming...but never mind."
You can tell, so many former Senators, Congresspersons, WH administrators, etc., all wish Trump was gone, or at least, held to account. And you bet your ass half of the current senators, congresspeople and WH administrators feel the same, but the Trump fanatics, lead by the man himself, have them by the balls.
Parnas should do a sit down interview with 60 minutes or something. They are probably the only program our Boomer parents watch that isn't Fox News.
Republicans have been using this argument for a few months now "The process is tainted! Everyone is partisan! Neutrality can't be assured." And their conclusion to this issue is...fuck it? It's just another example of the tolerance paradox. If a tolerant society tolerates intolerance, slowly but surely intolerance will take over. Intolerance met with silence is complicity. Corruption met with silence is complicity.
Humanity allows conservatism to exist.
Yup. The term “American refugee” will be a common phrase as we flee a crumbling nation.
Easily jailable. Good luck with that election.
What I read from this? “Bend the knee.”
“Finally!”
They have to claim other groups are being violent in an attempt to justify their violence.
The outside foot roll that OP describes I learned in Boy Scouts as a kid and was told it’s what native Americans did when hunting prey. No idea if it’s true tho.
He’s going to hate it. Watch him call an impromptu and sudden press conference or “address to the nation.” Our country desperately needs leadership. Biden and Obama are both making great strides, and it eats at trump. He can’t stand the idea of his presidency undermined. He’s going to lose it and demand that his first term was unfair and demands a do-over.
Founding fathers mean nothing to Trump or his supporters.
When I was younger I was afraid to eat fruit like this because I assumed it had cancer and eating it would give me cancer too.
Not long before “Biden is colluding with Antifa terrorists! He must be arrested!”
I wouldn’t be surprised if they simply no knock raid his sons house. Feel like we are 2 tweets away from Trump saying “Biden is colluding with antifa terrorist protestors! Arrest now!”
33%: "Finally, he's hurting the right people!"
Sorry, they believe they are fighting a righteous cause, or believe in strict social order, and will defend that order because they think their race/religion/work/morals means they are superior to others.
damn cellphone
If you are a fat kid like me who is bummed your late night drive thrus are closed, I’ve found that Mexican food is generally still open. Went to Adalbertos on Bradshaw last night at 10. Yum.
Their derangement is scary. If they aren’t real, then killing them isn’t real either. This is where they are going.
It's only a matter of time before Trump demands for Biden to be arrested, accusing him of "colluding with Antifa terrorists" for simply marching with protestors or meeting with BLM activists.
For some reason I’ve only had gear fear when I’m wearing level 5/6 armor and a 500k gun. Even if I have 20mil in the bank. If I lose a kedr and a paca when I only have 20k in the bank, I just think “sure I’ll just run my scav to get a kit.”
The solution to this that no one wants to talk about is implementing some sort of matchmaking system. Either by a hidden MMR or a gear score level. Except every major streamer and most chads don’t want such a system. They don’t want to go into matches with evenly skilled or geared players. They want to “wipe the server” of all the noobs running around with pistols and pacas.
Today in Trump speak, it would be: “Listen folks, fooling me is impossible. I’m too smart. They say ‘donald, how did you do it? How did you figure it out?’ And I say, you can get me once, but as they say in Texas, now I love Texas. Big state. Yuge. I love it. Tennessee too. The T states, like Trump. They love it. They say ‘fool me once, shame on you, fooling me twice? You’re fired.’”
A whole bunch of white people suddenly and collectively realized that the violence that black protestors experienced wasn’t unique to them. “Wait...they will pepper spray me? Shoot rubber bullets at me? Club me? Bash a riot shield at me? Push me? Maim, injure and maybe even kill me?”
“Wtf how did I die? Where was he? Dude I got 1 tapped wtf!? This game sucks bro.”
I’ve got a PC at work that can barely play Tarkov (yah for coronavirus scav runs at work!) and it takes 10 minutes to enter a raid. So I can only run maps like shoreline. Normally a scav spawns between 30-40 mins left in the raid, at work I’m consistently closer to 20 mins left in raid. Less loot but it’s usually a ghost town. Point being: that work pc has an SSD but it’s got a weak processor and video card so it chugs.
We need more burner/dumb phones.
I grinded factory from level 4 to 10 to unlock the flea because I had no other quests I could complete with any success.
I can see it now, a handful of red states will demand that “the Supreme Court must decide the real result!”
“I was trying to hurt the right people.”
It would be really smart of the Biden campaign to ramp up the old Biden/Obama memes when his campaign kicks into high gear.
“He looked like all the other agitators!”
Sounds like we need a 3 strikes law for law enforcement.
His supporters don’t care and don’t need him too. “Obamacare was a disaster. Biden is part of that disaster. We can’t have that again folks. We have plans so good they will make your head spin, but the Dems in congress won’t vote for it. We want affordable healthcare for everyone! $40 a month plans! They don’t want it. They want to charge you more.” Stop assuming Trump supporters need to hear any logical rational.
Cops have decided that showing any sliver of humanity towards others is a sign of weakness.
Unfortunately Americans are done caring about the coronavirus. I can hardly find anyone wearing a mask here anymore. People are over it. They’d rather another 200k Americans die if it meant they weren’t inconvenienced. We are a shallow, selfish, vapid people.
The people who sold yesterday and today were the ones telling idiots to buy 2 weeks ago. If the common everyday person suddenly has a “scoop” about wall street, you can guarantee there info is weeks old and they are the mark.
Sorry, but words over 2 syllables is a no go for slogans and chants. Half of america with a high school education has no idea what “reallocate” means. Better off simply stating “reform.”
Only a matter of time before these police groups go from resigning in protesting to assassinating public officials for coming after their corrupt departments.
Rice is a terrible, terrible choice. She’s literally “remember all the Hillary baggage?” She would immensely hurt the ticket. She’d also be a terrible choice for 2024 if it’s true that Biden won’t be running then.
Yup. I’m sure their party strategists are already focusing on 2022. The midterm is their opportunity to try to take back the house and senate.
Oh boy, when only a fraction of this happens, please don’t become jaded and disengaged. Your passion is well placed but expectations must be tepid and realistic.
Me and my 2017 Audi A4, lying to myself: “Yeah, this is what people see when I roll up.”
Eisenhower was easily the last good Republican President.
In true American partisanship, watch the senate become 50/50 and the VP is the deciding vote.
bUt JoE rOgAn SaYs It MaKeS yOu LoOk BeTa!
Yup. I've been grinding quests lately, and I can't remember the last time I actually killed an opposing player. Maybe a week ago? Otherwise, the gameplan for every map is so: 1. Spawn 2. Hide in bush for 10 minutes 3. Make my way to quest objective 4. Extract ASAP after quest completed
The net result is going to make guns way more expensive. Currently, many guns would vendor for their flea market price. Only the ones used in certain quests or meta guns were significantly more. Now every gun is going to get more expensive because so many less guns will enter the marketplace.
As I said in another comment, the only sense of progression in this game is hideout progress and quest progress. A sense of progression is something I need to enjoy a game. There’s also a case to be made that flea market and roubles stash can be a sense of progression. Tarkov is the only looter shooter that seeks to make looting unfun.
Only made worse by the fact that every common gun attachment is 2x-10x more expensive, and bullets are 2x expensive.
Some even become “king makers” within the party. Or at least they think they are.
Because Joe Rogan told them masks make you look like a sissy.
At this point, republicans are simply doing math. I’m sure they got someone figuring out the maximum number of people that can vote based on: How long it takes on average to fill out a ballot. How many voting booths there are. How long the location will be open. Simple arithmetic. I bet the goal is to figure out a maximum number of voters per location and reduce in areas of highest democratic concentration.
The only thing that will effectively eliminate RMT rouble farmers is for the game to become so unpopular it is no longer a profitable use of time to do. And BSG seems determined to do that.
“We are continuing our strategy to combat RMT: make consecutive and consequential changes that adversely affect the player base, with the long term goal of reducing the player base significantly to the point that rouble farms conclude our game isn’t worth their time.”
We know the proper solution to this: give every account a free THICC case. That’s the only way to make this fair.
Yup. And here’s a newsflash: it’s casual players who have less time to play that buy roubles. They don’t have the time to invest in leveling and quests so they shortcut by buying roubles and getting good gear to get ahead of other casuals. So by fucking over casuals making their way slowly through quests, they make RMT more attractive. Big brain BSG.
Starbucks also has drivethroughs.
She’s probably a yoga instructor because it’s something that helps pay the bills because she has no other skills or education. She watched some YouTube videos and that was it. Anyone with a camera can say they are a photographer. Anyone that can pose in warrior position is a yogi.
The 2 flash drives I’ve gotten so far came from Scavs in Factory. If you go in as a squad you could kill 15+ scavs in 15 minutes and have a greater chance of a usb drop than any other random map.
Something tells me the ghouls in his administration will find a way to utilize this growing crisis to their advantage.
Because no one gives a fuck about credibility or standards or history. For the vast majority of all musicians, and all Americans for that matter: Get. Fucking. Money. We are a shallow society.
Unfortunately the fringe right has self radicalized on a diet of fox, oann, and q-anon levels of conspiracy. They don’t live in reality, and will becoming increasingly violent and threatening as their sense of control over the country is lost.
“Largest margin of victory since Reagan, an absolute mandate” would be a very nice narrative.
Oooh! Oooh! How many times have they signed the petition to recall Newsom!?!?
Yeah it’s interesting to see virtually all of the north East states haven’t had the spike in cases like the south and west coast has.
“McConnell! McConnell! The peasants have stormed the gates! Pitchforks and torches! They are out for blood!” “Let them eat cake.” “As you wish, sir.”
Seriously I’m so fucking lost. I think that's kind of the point but wtf.
Aaaaaaaand it’s gone!
It makes it more likely it’s a legal issue and the lawyers have everyone keeping their mouths shut because of pending litigation.
Republicans don’t need minority voters. 2016 proved this. Sure, they benefit when minority voters stay home, or are prevented from voting, but Republican strategy has been simply turning out white voters for their candidate.
Sources.
Exactly. This isn’t some “purple haired gender fluid SJW” at Twitch with a vendetta against Doc. The entire world is being ghosted. This is a legal matter.
Republican strategists know this, but none of their candidates seem to want to make any effort to appeal to minorities. Trump has convinced them all it’s only about promoting his rabid base.
It makes sense for Doc to want to retire on top, but not under a shroud of controversy.
Never fucking believe 4chan bro.
“Welcome Democratic congressmen and congresswomen. The White House would like to provide an overview of the issue at hand. Most importantly, Trump was never briefed on this issue, and it was Mattis who knew but didn’t share because he’s a a deep state never trumper. Bolton knew too and also kept it away from those who needed to know.”
