What's with the action descriptions people like this seem to love to include? Licking lips in anticipation, pacing around the room etc. Is there some school of thought that it is cute or endearing?
10 bucks says this guy starts a lot of sentences with well actually....
Make sure your brother is the dad before he puts his name on the birth certificate.
Can you get a web cam to put in your room when you are gone?
This isn't even the Republican party as a whole, this shut down really rests on Trump's shoulders. He is the one refusing to negotiate unless he gets money for his wall. Money that he can't get from a Republican controlled house and senate.
Frankly this could be a picture from any major city in the US. Housing prices are way up everywhere and rent cities and junker RV's have become the norm.
Glad to see we ate all going back to using razor flip phones.
As an American who doesn't want to end up in a labor camp, I will skip visiting North Korea.
But seeking asylum is completely legal.
Do you know why Swedish ships have square portholes? So the Swedes can fit their heads through them.
My barbarian has a +1 great sword of vengeance currently and fails most of the wisdom checks. So he can't back out if he wanted too.
Reminds me of a couple I met at a house party years ago. The wife was drinking pretty heavily during the party and was getting louder and more rambunctious as the night went on. The husband well used to her behavior would keep an eye on her and take her home when he thought it was time. I found out later this was the normal pattern to their nights out.
I hated that show. So glad when my son moved on to SpongeBob.
I am about 6 foot so I tend to like taller women, but I am not sure that I would want to date a woman who is the same height as me or taller.
Trump's true believers will wave these studies off as "fake news" and ignore them. Or as some have already stated they will say the temporary pain will be worth the wind Trump will eventually get. Either way it doesn't matter to them.
The type of metaphor that makes sense to the same people who voted for Trump.
Sure that is what the queen is thinking, let's overlook that Obama and Michelle were invited to Prince Harry's wedding while Trump was excluded.
10 bucks says this gal isn't nearly as charitable with men who cheat on their women.
It isn't just Afeica I have seen that same argument used in the US. It is just as goofy and terrible when men use ir.
So after years of the right bashing leftist women for being unattractive, they are now attacking AOC for being too attractive?
You may want to post over on r/legaladvice for help. Strip out the stuff about narcissis and make sure to include your state if in the US or country of origin. Getting the police involved is a key step along with an emergency restraining order to keep away.
Number 3 would.be my vote.
This reminds of the candidate who said please clap to the audience when he didn't get the response he expected. I don't recall who it was but it was funny at the time.
It's erasing history since it is stopping the glorification of men who fought to keep slavery going.
Umm if you read the linked article in the comment I responded too it says that their is no proof that the confederacy ever recruited or armed black troops. Historically they feared an uprising and didn't want to do anything that might lift the slave population to anywhere near parity with whites.
This was basically me in our last session. We got into with a young white dragon. DM allows my barbarian to lasso the thing when it was at 20ft and climb up to fight great sword to claw. Dragon flies up 100 feet before I crippled its wing and dropped both of us to the ground. I walked away because of the half damage rules. The dragon not so lucky. It was already pretty hurt and the 100ft fall was the icing on the cake.
A lot of grocery stores have a home delivery option that you can select. I would check out the local ones near you online. Amazon fresh is also an option for grocery delivery. Stay strong you can do this.
How to traumatize your children and give them an inferiority complex in one easy step.
Wow that is a three in one.
I think a lot of it is your age and perception of other people based on age I went to a junior/senior high school 7 through 12th grade. When I was in 7th grade I thought all the seniors looked like adults. When I was 18 I thought we all looked like kids. Now that I am I my 40's I see 20 year olds drinking and assume the bar doesn't card patrons.
In the UK and Canada they are Freeman on the land but still damn stupid to be quoting US law.
My step dad used to complain about this, cars in particular. The 1940s 50s car that he grew up being able to fix easily were replaced by cars with complicated computer systems and complex mechanics. Not so easy to repair.
I work on healthcare with a lot of older nurses and deserve God watching them use their laptops or attempt to use the online order system for patient supplies can be painful. And your right the excuse that they aren't tech savvy is bullshit, this isn't new anymore. We have been using computers in the workplace for a generation now so shut the fuck up and do your job or retire.
One of our players is gay and while we don't usually discuss sexuality about our characters, he says his wouldn't be straight.
I wonder how long it will take grandma to figure out I pulled the cat5 cable on her router?
Their is an easy fix for that, Stop Lying!
If everyone you meet is an asshole, you might he the asshole.
I work in healthcare and we are now having to do measles screenings because of these dipsticks. No we don't want your children dead what we want is for everyone to be healthy and not die of avoidable diseases.
Liquor and whores!
John Bolton is back in the White House and suddenly Iran is attacking oil tankers. Hmmmmm
If you have a degree and studied in a specific field getting a job as a landscaper would be at best professional suicide since you wouldn't be building up any experience in your preferred field. I am not saying your completely wrong, just pointing out that it is more complicated than what you are describing.
Not in the classrooms. You were expected to take them off.
Short answer is whites are the majority and and there is no need to use a term like European- American. African-American was a replacement for negro gone for obvious reasons and black. Personally I would prefer we use the term black as I think it is just better overall.
Wouldn't a same sex attraction support group just give the kid a pool of possible dates? Or do the parents ot normally bring the kid?
I am betting a critical fail on an important roll that lead to some really bad shit happening to the PCs.
Beto would have taken all their guns, forced them to gay marriage and allowed 245th trimester abortions.
Kenya is also largely Christian.
Not 100% sure what it was but it was big, heavy and roughly T shaped. It was on the back of a flatbed truck and wasn't on a pallet. My coworker and I were going to try to use two forklifts to lift the thing on each side of the T. It didn't work and got dropped. I have no idea how much it cost us or the company shipping it.
When I was about 17 or so a women payed me to measure the lengths of a stack of lumber in her barn. I think it had something to do with a divorce. I was fine with it since she played me $60 for about two hours of work.
Tell him to crack open a cold one after work.
Taxation is theft is more a libertarian rallying cry. I hope they left a cash tip so the server can claim a little less at the end of the night.
The most satisfying part to me is how easily it chops through a bar of metal.
This trash paid more money in overdraft fees than most people will make in a year.
Dear Candacw, the alt-right group you and the conservatives on this country appear to be aligning with are not your friend either. They at the very least want you, your family and every other person of color removed by force if necessary from their whites only homeland. I can understand why you may not like Democrats and liberals but you need to take a good hard look at who is on your side.
Sometimes it is best to be a gentle presence. I am not sure how close you and your brother are but you could try hugging him, holding his hand, or just being around. I would let him talk if he wants to but don't force conversation. He is grieving and that takes time.
Not sure why you think I am mad. Was just pointing out why reddit banned the sub.
The meth must be giving him confidence.
I got a bottle of the Woodford Reserve for Christmas. Loved that bourbon.
You can bring him over to my place, I have a mole he can eat.
Or if you do her any even sort of half assed apology, it will be buried in amidst a crap avalanche of why you are wrong to be take it that way and how it is really your fault for their behavior.
Reminds me of the open carry guys who talk about all the crimes they prevented because the potential perp saw them with guns and decided not to do it.
The same people who are ignoring Trump's rampant infadelity and sexual assault are the same ones who claimed Bill Clinton was morally unfit to lead and was a pervert.
Clearly you have never been to Florida.
This should be cross posted on r/trashy because that is exactly what this is.
Had a few guys I know either hit on me or straight up proposition me. Would tell em sorry not gay and that was about the end of it. Honestly it was at least a little flattering I mean it is nice to know someone finds you attractive.
I think for some gays it is a safety thing as well. I was talking to a gay friend one time and he was telling me about being attacked when he would come out. So not only do you have to worry the person you are hitting on isn't gay but also worry they might assault you. Gay bars make a lot of sense in that context.
Someone is bitter.
Pinch your nose, close your mouth and exhale it will pop your ears.
I can totally see this republican lead investigation taking about 5 days. Doesn't call any of the witnesses that have accused Trump and ending with a half page report completely clearing the president of any bad behavior.
Roberts has managed to piss off both liberals and conservatives in one day.
Alabama is also setting a precedent that an unborn fetus should have the full legal rights of a person.
The wikipedia page is a good breakdown of homosexuality and the Christian bible. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Bible_and_homosexuality
Mostly it's because I am a psychopath.
I have the same what the eff is going on feeling when I watch clips of cricket.
Thre sets of two chuggas for a total of six.
The real answer is without the electoral system the chances of Republicans winning the White House go down significantly. Trump is the second president in my lifetime who has won the electoral vote but lost the popular vote.
Both Democrats and Republicans have worked to kill third parties in the US. They have set the threshold to receive federal funds and to be even allowed on a ballot that it is almost impossible unless you are affiliated with one of the major parties.
You know I am sure that if Mike Mulvaney and John Bolton wanted to swear in and testify we could clear all this up quickly.
Hey those dead hookers aren't going to bury themselves.
I helped him get a job at the same place I was working and he got caught stealing money from the place.
I have been, but I had Mio drink enhancers as they are called. Basically it is a sugar free concentrate you can add that makes it taste better. I find it is better alternative to drinking cola or other pops with lots of sugar.
Being gay is out but you could always become Amish and claim consciousness objector status. Not sure of fleeing to Canada or Mexico will work like it did during Vietnam.
The only that would kill Trump's reelection chances quicker than a recession is a military draft.
Honestly I am not sure how this guy has avoided being arrested and has kept his seat in the state legislature.
But, but Biden is who we really need to investigate.
Don't forget we can get all those loafers of welfare. Just give them a few hours to get used to using an assault rifle and send them on their way.
I am sure the corporations will be pleased.
No according to right wing conspiracy theories, Obama is the only one from Kenya. However Michelle is a trans woman originally named Micheal and both Sasha and Malia were kidnapped to provide cover for Obama's gay lifestyle.
I cant answer the color part but the reason you don't see bulls on dairy farms often is that for the most part the heffers are artificially inseminated and the semen used is purchased by the farmer. They just don't need the bulls around and it is less upkeep for them.
If you are using photoshop you can record a series of actions and save it. I used to do that when I had a lot of images I was resizing or other simple action.
I am being sarcastic. https://youtu.be/HVGg_5grOTg
Short term they could and did, the invasion and division of Poland between Nazi Germany and the USSR is a good example. Longterm no it wouldn't be possible. Both countries were deeply authoritarian and used competing ideologies that hated each the other.
There are a lot of things that affect international politics, that includes wealth, military capabilities, political will and international opinion. For example North Korea would face a serious international backlash if they invaded South Korea again and despite the money spent on their military I don't know if they would have the ability to successfully invade and conquer South Korea. The situation is a lot more complicated than that but I am trying to simplify it. Competing ideologies may not like each other but real world politics often mean they have to put up with each other.
Then help to build an economy that doesn't require both parents to work to afford to live.
The first time I heard this was about 25 or more years ago. The UN is coming for your guns and Bill Clinton is going to help them. News flash Obama isn't president anymore and hasn't been for 3 years.
The short answer is that assassinating key political and military figures in opposing governments is an escalation that you usually want to avoid. Soleimani was a key figure in training and arming anti US forces in the middle east and has been on a terrorist watch list since 2007. He is also a major figure in the Iranian government and military which has afforded him some protection over the years. This strike was also carried out directly by US forces instead of using proxy forces so their is no doubt that it was done not just by the US but was ordered directly by President Trump. The closest thing I could think of would be if the Iranian military overtly assassinated Mike Pence and the government not only took credit for it but bragged about how they did it. It represents a dangerous escalation in the middle east and could put the US on a path to war with Iran.
The next election is in November and Trump will hopefully br voted out of office at that time. If you asking about the impeachment, it has been voted on and ratified by the house, and the next step will be to send ot to the Senate for trial. The most likely outcome st y j.g st time will be that Trump will be acquitted. It takes a supermajority of senators to vote yes on the impeachment to convict and remove Trump. Currently of the 100 senators 51 are Republican and 49 are Democrats so the chances of getting enough votes to convict will be almost impossible.
In his defense I would way rather be drinking martinis in the Caribbean than be at my job.
While America is the biggest actor on the world stage, it isn't uncommon in modern times or historically for more powerful countries to meddle in other countries affairs. China and Russia both routinely use their political and economic power to their own benefit.
From the reaction of the Iraqis it sounds like the US may not have had permission for using drone in Iraq.
The more things change the more they stay the same.
So we are heading towards a new middle eastern elwar with Iran with out good leadership?
Getting home and taking your belt and work pants off and getting into your comfies.
Don't buy the food to keep at your place. Aldo avoid drinking, when I get drunk I tend to want to eat.
That's because they want to believe that Obama was betraying the US to support his Muslim allies
More impoehy do you call cookies biscuits?
Only according to tea drinking limeys.
As a hawks fan I would prefer a repeat.
NATO was enforcing a no fly zone in northern Iraq to prevent Saddam attacking the Kurds.
That is a fair point.
But you get caught fucking one goat and...
It really depends on who you talk to, I would guess that if most people around are describing Obama as a bad president, you live in area of the US that is more conservative. To answer your question, no Obama was a good president, under his management the country recovered from the 2006 recession, the ACA as controversial as it was, did help a lot of Americans with health insurance. He was well liked by our allies, and did some positive things internationally. He also despite multiple investigations had no members of his administration indicated, tried or sent to jail.The cons being that his inaction on the Syrian civil war helped to cause the rise of ISIS and contribute further destabilization of the middle east. Like most presidents he did some positive things and some negative things, but was for the most part a good president who I hope made the best decisions that he could.
They would get a large bill but if they can't or won't pay, the hospital ends up eating the majority of the cost.
I plan 5o wander off into the mountains and die of hypothermia this removing myself as a burden to the 1%
Imagine there's no heaven ruffled a lot of religious types feathers. Don't forget that Lennon had already created a controversy a few years earlier when he said the Beatles were bigger than Jesus.
This has got to be a joke.
The only thing that I can think of is Disney has been doing a lot of diversity in their movies as nd I am sure Garrison doesn't like to be reminded that minorities exist.
He also wrote a less than flattering fictional account of the driver in one of the Dark Tower books.
But according to SoaringPatriotFreedomEagles this just means the deep state has won.
The Mistborn trilogy is complete and you can read the entirety of so I would start there. Storm light Archives is still a work in progress and I think just three of the books have been released.
Also really dumb to telegraph that he was getting ready to punch the guy. Might as well have told him straight out.
Why is Netflix giving Gwyneth Paltrow a platform to run what amounts to a gigantic ad for pseudoscience?
The worst part is you lug all that out almost breaking your back and it is probably worth about $100.
Does it have water and some tall buildings? Close enough.
I don't disagree with you, but I do think some of the fanbases canbe pretty toxic too.
Religious beliefs, make sure you are in agreement before the child is born.
Sure as short not staying at work.
I work for a hospice and home health group that services a county with a large population. At any given time we have about 1400 patients on service between the two ministries. We also routinely have 8 to 12 traveling nurses working for us. The demand for RN's especially is high. It isn't uncommon when I talk to the travelers that they have finished a contract somewhere else before working for us. As long as you can put up with constantly moving every six months you should be okay.
I could be wrong but I don't think he is suddenly gay.
You don't need access to the smart phone, simply checking Facebook or other social media sites would reveal a lot about the average person.
Mindlessly scrolling through new posts looking for a porn submission since I refuse to sub to any of the porn subs.
Why don't hear Sisters of Mercy playing softly in the background?
There is a good chunk of people who refuse to believe that Trump and his people have done anything illegal regardless of the evidence.
I wasn't given the ultimatum from my mom but I had to set some hard boundaries with her as an adult. Fortunately she has come to respect those boundaries and we are doing well.
There was a thread a few months ago where a person who works with dyslexic and people with other reading difficulties explained how Trump came to make this statement. It was interesting because they described how while reading the speech he lost where he was and filled in words until he found his place in the speech. I wish I had saved that post because it makes such interesting reading.
I got banned from there when I pointed out that Kim Jong Il complaining about family dynasties was over the top.
He may be extremely unpopular but a lot of conservative voters will still vote him in the next election.
Cheese is fucking expensive. I didn't have a lot for groceries and decided to get bread and a block of cheese to make grilled cheese sandwiches. Too expensive to buy so I went with the peanut butter alternative.
This is something I wouldn't be surprised to see on an incel forum. Honestly some people think like this and truly believe that if a woman is raped it is her fault.
Welcome to the world the anarcho-capitalists would like to create. Can't afford your life saving medication? To bad time to die.
In other words there is to much public info to ignore but if they do a quick investigation and clear everybody involved they can maybe get it out of the news cycle.
I would have more empathy for Parnas but let's face it he signed up to work with Trump and his goons. I should be happy he is willing to sing to the feds though.
This article helps explain why Trump likes to brag about how much money he is getting from stationing US troops in foreign countries. He sees them as a mercenary force we should be making money from.
As long as they are praying to Jesus Tebow style it is fine but kneeling during the anthem to protest police brutality is wrong.
I wouldn't want to be Epsteined in prison that is for sure.
George W Bush at least tried and would put in long hours. Trump just doesn't give a shit because he thinks he knows everything and is smarter than everyone else.
Hot garbage vs Russian propaganda.
Not enough trans women in the bathrooms.
But it appeals to his evangelical base who he needs to shore up a bit. They will of course vote for him but they fully realize what a terrible person Trump is and if they stay home it could be catastrophic to Trump's reelection chances.
I don't see the masses storming the gates with torches and pitchforks quit yet, but if things keep going th away they are.
Same way Epstein did have dirt on rich and powerful people and be so obvious about your illegal acts that they can't be ignored anymore.
You may have more success if you ask on r/raisedbynarcissists.
You pretty much summed up 80's metal bands, sex, drugs and rock n roll. There was a reason Nirvana had such a huge effect on music and bands like Motley Crue and Poison helped drive it.
Check in for your flight, you can do that on your smartphone or at a self serve kiosk in the airport. Check bag if you need to, another thing you can do st the self serve kiosk. Dropped check baggage off with an airline rep they should be right by the self serve kiosks. Enter the security screening line, they will x-ray any carry on luggage, pay attention to what they want. In the US at least you will need to remove shoes, empty your pockets, they will have bins to place your cellphone, keys, wallet and shoes into. Remove your belt as the metal in the buckle will often set off the metal detector. Don't pack things like toothpaste or other liquids or gels in your carry on in amounts over 3.4 oz. Once through security collect all your stuff and head to your boarding gate. Once there you will probably be waiting awhile until the start boarding the plane. Wait for the attendants to call your row, queue up and enter the plane. Place your carry in the overhead bin, grab the items you want at your seat sit down, buckle in and wait some more.
Most of the civil war statues and monuments weren't erected shortly after the civil war, most of them were put built not as a reminder of the history but as a warning to uppity colored people to know thier place. I am fine with the statues as part of a museum or as part of a history lesson but the ones your are talking about are very specifically designed to remind to intimidate especially blacks in an attempt to oppress them.
You can do a stir fry with those ingredients to spice up the rice a bit. Add some eggs to it if you can for a bit more protein. Beans and rice are a good mix as well that you can cook together and eat in tortillas if you have them.
Probably 50 or 60 miles when I drove through the center of Nevada a while back. Pretty much nothing out there and the average was 100 miles between towns.
The cute but stupid routine.
My friends just had a baby and she was in labor for 40 hours before they decided to have the c-section. People like this can go fuck right off.
Then someone else would run the business or parts of it so overall their wouldn't be much of a change aside from new management.
This dude must be having a hard time, so far the 49ers are absolutely shredding the packers.
Maybe not but again it probably wouldn't change much overall. And Yeah something like 1% of the worlds population is on control of 60&amp; or more of the wealth.
Usually studded tires are only allowed from fall to early spring and need to be removed in the summer Check the local laws on what that time frame might be. And no it isn't unusual to have a two sets of tires on regular and one studded that you place on the vehicle before winter. You don't necessarily need to sets of rims as a tire shop can mount them for you.Two points about 4x4 trucks and winter driving, one 4x4 doesn't mean you will always have traction so slow down, give yourself plenty of room and be prepared. Two pickups require weight in the bed of the truck for the rear wheels to get traction and placing sandbags or heavy items in the bed is common practice.
Most Christian's believe in the holy trinity, the father, the son and the holy ghost. All of these are individuals but parts of a whole and God. Thus Jesus is considered to be God and a divine being. I am not sure what the Jehovah's Witnesses believe as I haven't done a lot of study of them.
He looks like he is about to sign the paperwork to lay off a few thousand peopel.
They did a whole crackdown on left lane driving in my state last year, hasn't made a bit of difference.
From the responses I've gotten it is illegal just about everywhere, but it would have to be enforced and the police don't seem to want to bother with it.
Locusts or frogs I guess.
Shoes, good quality shoes will last a long time. Cheap shoes will fall apart quickly and when you have to buy a new pair cost as much or more than the expensive ones. Plus your feet will thank you if your shoes have good arch support and fit comfortably and you can avoid sore feet.
File a complaint with the Utah labor board. Late paychecks are a big no no and if it can be traced back to the woman harassing your wife she could end up in a world of hurt.
Don't group things together, want 2% that is on aisle 4, cream aisle 10. Don't even ask about the produce.
Hiking is pretty cheap overall, if you want something active. Sudoku puzzles and crossword puzzle books are cheap if you are looking for something to do at home.
Restuarant I worked at had a grease fire start in a hotel pan of bacon. It was threatening to flare up into hoods when a gay guy I worked with brought over the fire extinguisher, handed it to the manager and said I am out of here cause this thing is flaming up more than I am.
One if you are concerned about your belongings you can request a police officer to assist you when you retrieve them. The fact that you have a history of physical abuse should help when you ask them. Two transfer all of the money out of the account into a non-shated account before you leave. Preferably in different bank. For example if the account is at Bank of America, open an account with Chase or Wells Fargo and deposit the money thier. If you use the same bank as your parents, they could bully some poor teller into giving them access without your permission. Three gather up all your important documents, birth certificate, social security card etc and take them with. Leave them with a trusted friend if you can but get them out of the house before you go. You are probably out of luck on the car, if your name is not on the title it is difficult to show a legal claim to ownership. You could try suing in small claims court depending on how much you spent but you would need to show a contract and receipts that you paid and I doubt that you have that. Please be careful as nd good luck in getting out.
Next week Trump will announce that he single handedly planted one trillion trees and we should all be grateful to him for solving the climate crisis that he says is fake.
I just ordered it, now I have to convince my friends to play it.
Aliens like to fly across the stars with pulling huge curtains behind their ships that make it appear the stars are twinkling.
With how popular tabletop RPGs are it seems like it shouldn't be that hard to find a group.
The need to put all that crap on the back of your vehicle is a mental disorder.
There's a burger chain called Dick's where I live and it puts a very different spin on the phrase go eat a bag of dicks.
A quick check of New York overtime laws says that any hours worked past 40 in one week must be paid at time and a half. Sounds like a straight up case of wage theft. You friend can file a complaint with the New York Department of Labor. Thier employer is an idiot for doing this and it smacks of an underhanded effort to avoid paying for labor.
An escape room.
Not uncommon for younger girls to have a crush on an older guy esp7in the age range you mentioned take it as a compliment and don't worry about it.
Coffee, online shopping and airplanes.
Baltimore?
Trump under oath and attempting to answer questions is a nightmare that McConnell will avoid at all costs. Clinton was impeached for perjury and there is no chance in hell that Republicans will give Democrats that opportunity.
Do you have any actual data and facts to back that up?
You would also lose muscle as well as fat, muscle 24 hour skilled care is really expensive l, far more so than the average monthly spend on food.
So women don't have to walk so far.
I don't and haven't for years. I guess the biggest thing is it is cheap so for soen people that can be a reason.
I remember when there was a big freakout over the swine flu or was it vird flu I don't remember anymore The point being that as far as plague like outbreaks killing off a huge chunk of humanity go, they were disappointing and I expect the coronavirus to fizzle out the same way.
The blood splatter right before the explosion really sells the product.
I saw this yesterday and was like my Blood Death Knight in WoW woild disagree. I know wrong game but...
The right wing noise machine has been calling Schiff a corrupt liar since day one. It isn't a huge surprise that they would cut out anything he says.
It is an F-104, I still have the pamphlet and checked it when I got home.
It's not as big as the museum of flight in Seattle but has some great aircraft including a B-52, B-1A Lancer, FB -111A, and an EA-6B Prowler.
If I recall correctly the liner notes for Pretty Hate Machine said Trent Reznor is Nine Inch Nails or vis versa. I tried to look up the exact quote but I couldn't find it.
Not me but a friend had some strict parents. They made him write down all the lyrics to the music he listened to so they could check it for anti-Christian messages. He cut off contact with them after he turned 18 and moved out.
As a Seahawks fan I am really hoping that not only will the Chiefs win but you will humiliate San Francisco.
I am o.d enough to remember when Pretty Hate Machine was brand fucking new and while thier may have been some music that sounded like it, I don't recall it. It was loud and original with all the hate and passion Reznor could muster.
Funny how no one mentions that for optimum budgeting your rent or mortgage should be 1/3rd of your monthly income.
Rich people don't go to jail, that is for the poor and minorities.
Clinton and every other US president put conditions on foriegn aid to further the US interesrs in the world. Trump did it to attack a possible political rival and further his own interests. Big fucking difference.
When all the new, hot music I listened to in high school started putting out 25th anniversary editions.
Thing is Shkreli stole from other rich and that is a no no. Buy up a cheap drug and jacking up the price to fleece poor people is fine through.
You mean like Reagan asking the Iranians to release the US embassy hostages after his inauguration and agreeing to sell them weapons?
This isn't comparable to what Obama did asking a foreign government to investigate a political rival ahead of the election to tarnish said rival, while withholding funds appropriated by Congress and undermining official US policy iz illegal. That is why Trump has been impeacghed.
Again the aid was withheld as part of not only US policy but also EU policy to remove Shokin from office for not following up on corruption in the country, specifically stuff linked to pro Russian parts of the Ukranian government. Trump wasn't trying to root out more corruption, he wanted it to appear that an investigation was being done into the Bidens to damage Joe Biden during the 2020 presidential election.
Easy fix, stop breaking the law assholes.
The conservative subreddits are saying that all the Democrats evidence was destroyed in 2 hours. This is why we can't have nice things, we cant evev agree on what is really happening.
The universe is to vast for us to be the only life. I believe that they exist. I don't believe that they routinely visit are planet, see point one. Travel between solar systems would take to long.
When boomers start complaining about how stupid lyrics are in modern music I like to sing the lyrics from I am the Walrus by the Beatles. Coo coo kchoo motherfuckers.
This just makes me want to move there even more.
That was part of the point of using black Africans as slaves in the colonies, made it easy to identify who probably ran away.
McConnell doesn't care. He needs to protect his power and money and that means preventing Bolton from testifying.
They were totally stoned out of their minds when they wrote that.
He's not mistaken, he is using the only defense possible.
Look up Pearl Jam at the Grammys sometime on YouTube. If you ever want to see a room full of shocked people it is the best.
Look up Pearl Jam at the Grammys sometime on YouTube. If you ever want to see a room full of shocked people it is the best.
Look up Pearl Jam at the Grammys sometime on YouTube. If you ever want to see a room full of shocked people it is the best.
Look up Pearl Jam at the Grammys sometime on YouTube. If you ever want to see a room full of shocked people it is the best.
As long as you and your partner are monogamous little to no chance. If your are having sex with people outside of the relationship, especially unprotected sex it will increase the chances significantly.
That is indeed what I meant.
Car key fobs.
James Cameron's Avatar movie was a huge success and wildly popular mostly because of the CGI. The actual plot is just an overused and rather tired story that was seen on Dances With Wolves and Pocohantes.
Hillary isn't running for president in 2020 or in 2024, you will have to find a new boogeyman.
Good lord please no.
The married filing separately check box is an option for taxes. I would work out who is claiming the exemptions for your children, if you both do it you might get audited.
Remember we live in a post facts world.
Might be a fungal infection get some anti fungal powder at Walgreens or wherever, the over the counter stuff and apply to the infected area. If it clears up problem solved.
That's going to take a lot of Corona extra. Better go with the whiskey.
It is a desire to blame some of the worst acts of humanity in the 20th century on liberals and to pretend that right wing ideology has no flaws.
I think the logic is that since Trump's sins predated his time in the presidency all is forgiven. The truth is that Trump is stacking the courts with conservative judges and making all the right noises to keep them happy.
Location is important but if you are in the US a call to child protective services would be in order.
Mostly I hope Trump has a complete mental breakdown and we get to watch federal marshals drag him out of the White House while he screeches about the deep state and Qanon conspiracies.
Fox wasn't washing his balls as much as he would like so OAN is his new best buddy.
I guess the big question is why would you have combat outside of a session. It shouldn't work that way. Want to learn something new or do some shopping fine but combat? No.
You just had to go thier didn't you?
I am really hoping that Trump will be voted out and the US can move on from his presidency at this point. I am sick and tired of the news cycle revolving around whatever garbage Trump decided to tweet that day.
The US has been deploying nuclear tipped missiles on submarines for decades why would this one he different?
That is why the criticism of them and I can't say they are wrong. Though any dumb enough to think that launching one would make for a limited use is nuts.
USB vibrators.
I really enjoyed the Outer World, for its game play and humor. If you like Fallout 4 another game I would recommend it is a lot of fun.
They spelled no correctly.
When I got a chicken sandwich at Wendy's and the chicken was undercooked.
You could probably ask a dozen people and get a dozen different answers, but the primary one that I have heard is that if the government is corrupt the only way to remove it will be by force of arms. Thus it is in the best interest of freedom that citizens can own military style weapons like the AR-15.
He had an affair and fathered a child with a maid, but he has also taken responsibility for not only the affair but also the child.
It is an old stereotype of black people liking fried chicken.
Same thing, old American stereotypes of black people loving fried chicken, watermelon and koolaid.
We are doing travel screening on all new admits. Thing is most of the people we serve are elderly and haven't left thier house recently let alone the country.
Curing autoimmune diseases of all types.
If you were working at the time off the accident you should be covered by California labor and Industry. I am wondering if you were terminated to avoid paying for your treatment?
If they talk about a lot of travel. I am not saying everyone who travels is wealthy but if they casually travel around the world a lot it would be a sign.
When your third wife and daughter are close to the same age it can be easy to get confused.
Eddie Vedder sounds like a serial killer in Black, the lyric is supposed to be were laid spread out before me as her body once did. Sounds like her legs spread out before me as her body once did.
The US and most of Europe has labor boards that are part of the government. Filing a wage complaint with those agencies is usually the best starting point. Legally speaking withholding pay is a big no no and can get companies fined large dollar amounts.
Honest think it would be best to leave it alone. Are they happy together? Does her history matter in the end?
Republican Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell had close to 200 bills on his desk that he is refusing to let the Senate vote on, But sure it is the Democrats that are doing nothing.
Hippos are big, aggressive and their aren't any natural predators on south America.
It's not a cover up, it isn't like they are hiding the evidence, they are saying it is all okay and Trump did nothing wrong.
If you mean what is the term for a woman who dates a gay man to cover for up that he is gay, we call them beards in the US.
No, the chin isn't gay, it comes from the idea that the woman is providing cover for the man, in a similar manner that a beard would covera man's chin.
A beard on a man's face, no. A woman who dates a gay man to cover up that he is gay, yes.
I guess the closest term would be closeted gay. The term coming out of the closet is often used when LGBT people publicly announce their sexual orientation.
Nope the chin doesn't cover anything.
Is there something in the water in Kentucky that makes their senators stupid?
I d9nt make up the slang, I just have to live with it.
We need to have digital face masks that change the way they look like Rorschach in Watchmen.
Well I mean they will still have to drive their rascal scooters down to the polls and vote.
I am pretty sure Jesus can fix the HVAC just fine.
I still wear my Nirvana and Soundgarden shirts.
I have Nirvana, Soundgarden, Nine Inch Nails, Pearljam and Dead Kennedys to name a few.
I don't man if the 20 some odd sexual assil5t allegations and the grab em by the pussy video didn't work, I dont think this will either.
R/drawforme
Probably about Syria or ISIS would be my guess.
Honestly it just comes across as sad and stupid. Antifa has been made into some great big para military leftist organization that isn't. There isn't any training camps, they aren't going to come to your house and take your guns and force you to gay marry. Yes their are antifa groups, by definition I am antifa because I oppose fascists. Trump should be working to calm the violence, not threatening protesters with violence. Just another example of his failure to lead.
Are you using roll20 for your rolls? I use actual dice and a tray so my players can't see the rolls and it gives me a chance to alter the rolls if I think it is necessary.
Do a face plant into the cake hopefully knocking it over onto as many guests as possible.
Hell a lot of people who support Trump want him to stop tweeting so they don't have to figure out how to make his latest nonsense make sense.
When George W Bush comes across as more presidential you know it is bad.
The libertarian sub is filled with a lot of what the fuck are the police doing stuff so not all agree but the authoritarian right sure wants people shot.
Parkour!
Seems like after two or three years of promising to arrest Clinton and Obama but it never actually happening would cause people to go hey wait a second.
Used to work at this place with an older black woman we all called mama. Not sure why but that was the it was and honestly it felt natural.
Why do so many of these master race guys look like their family tree is a telephone pole?
I want stinger missiles to take down drones.
Does anyone have a reason why Trump is using the term domination? It seems like an odd way to talk about his response to the protests.
Maybe it's just me but it makes him sound stupid. Most presidents in his situation would be calling for peace and asking people to stay calm, not demanding that we create even more violence.
I was thinking that was Mike Pence after a month of quarantine.
Life pro tip do not sing Ding Dong the Witch is Dead in front of your spouse after your mother in law passes.
When you have to stop a changing rhino and don't care if you break your arm.
If you are looking for a free Excel style program so you don't have to pay for Microsoft office, the Open Office suite has one that you can download.
[Tommy the Cat](https://youtu.be/r4OhIU-PmB8) by Primus.
Sorry didn't understand what you were looking for. Good luck finding what you need.
Get some therapy dude.
I should have guessed it was a yes.
My guess would be the authors husband.
You are describing Fox news and every conservative media outlet.
Hand crossbow would do the trick too.
True Fox supports actual fascists who are far worse.
That is the same with straight porn and generally a genre I avoid. I think it is weird.
Talk about lowering the bar, hey we only lost 2.7 million jobs on top of the 40 million so things are getting better.
Authoritarian rule hallmarked by white supremacy and eugenics. It supposes a belief in the superiority of white men and generally describes anything outside of specific narrowly defined behaviors as degenerate. It was the principal ideology of Adolf Hitler and the Nazi party during WWII and caused the deaths of millions of people across Europe in an attempt to create a perfect society. Fascism also hates communist and socialist primarily because they represent a threat to its existence.
I think he will spend a lot of time on Twitter raging about election fraud but ultimately the people around him will force him to hand over the presidency. I don't think we will have the scene of Trump standing next to Biden at the inauguration though.
Barack Obama would like to have a word.
I have doubts that they will be allowed onto the debate stage. The last time a third party candidate was allowed on stage for the big debate was Ross Perot in 92 and had the money and influence to do it.
I am not sure on the legality of ot if you put fake across the front or something but it would be better to steer clear of it all together.
Wow just wow Look man Iget that you don't understand it so I will end this conversation here. The point is that screaming about CNN being wholly responsible for the current unrest is childish and a gross oversimplification of the world. Frankly the right wing media which I am guessing you subscribe too from the amount of disinformation you is far more corrupt and straight up lying to you than CNN ever will. Anyway I hope you have a decent life and get clear of the current demons you have.
Look up dominionists some time, the group that wishes to turn the US into a Christian theocracy.
I have to wonder exactly how we are collateral for a debt and how the NYSE thinks they can collect on that debt?
Okay, we I guess the quarantined areas can stop sending out their tax dollars to the "real" America then.
10 bucks says if you had one or two decent sized male friends along this turd bucket would have kept riding
They pro Trump subs were posting about Mattis being a deep state stooge yesterday in response this statement. I am sure Trump will be egging them on all day.
I have got see if I kind find that article about homoeroticsm in Nazi Germany.
NTA, but it was nice of her to give you a therapy opportunity. Sounds like she only contacted you to get money and could care less about you. Besides who thinks 10K is a small amount of money.
That 33% is is the % of Americans.who will support Trump no matter what.
It is humorous that you posted a whataboutism on a post specifically targeting whataboutism.
Not really any point in doing that, you won't care about any of my arguments and frankly I don't care what you have to say. I was as you might have guessed pointing out the absurdity of using the whataboutism argument in a thread discussing the ridiculous nature of the whataboutism argument.
That pretty much sums it up, their are people claiming that George Floud wasn't murdered and it was all another liberal psy op to take away guns and establish the democratic socialist/communist/fascist agenda.
r/dontputyourdickinthat
Nixon was a lot smarter than Trump and was very careful about what he put out publicly.
I know I will get downvoted on this but it isn't hypocritical to ask for and receive protection especially if you are Pelosi who no doubt receives multiple death threats on a daily basis. Especially when guns haven't been outlawed in the US.
They are pretty anti public education as they tend to believe the system is set up to indoctrinate children into liberalism. It is why so many conservative groups push for home schooling.
Isnt this what abusers say to their victims?
OANN, Newsmax, Breitbart, Epoch News, The Blaze to name a few. They have largely abandoned mainstream news as fake with a liberal bias. Don't forget random Facebook posts with actual substant information. For more fun check out r/forwardsfromgrandma.
Don't know if it will work but try pressing the door of the drive in, it might pop open. You shouldn't have to push to hard.
Here as an wiki article on the [Roman ](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roman_legion#Late_Republic_(107%E2%80%9330_BC) legions and how they were organized but it all depends on what era and whose armies you are talking about.
Oklahoma Thunder.
Transformers: The Movie, the original animated one from the mid 80s. Loved it as a kid and went to the rerelease a few years ago an absolute dumpster fire of a disjointed plot.
Don't get mr wrong man the scene where Galvatron kills Starscream is cool as fuck.
Your view matches my view, but I do have to add the caveat that gerrymandering thr districts could cause problems if electoral vote was split that way.
For when you don't really care but want to make a buck.
O
I think researching should be in quotes.
I went with a potion that made the animal handling checks for the PCs a little easier, adds a 1d4 for each animal handling roll that they do for the race. They had a lot of fun retrieving from a thief and are looking forward to the dino race.
People of all kinds will ignore facts that contradict deeply held beliefs, because often changing their beliefs is far to difficult.
And Trump's mission to make everyone who disagrees with him a left wing terrorist continues.
The 92 LA riots wre caused by a conservative jury in Simi Valley fonding white police officers not guilty for beating Rodney King. A beating caught on tape by a nearby homeowner, not the murder of a black man. Please be accurate when refuting bullshit.
Not like they had a lot of choice, the Yalta conference effectively ceded eastern Europe to Stalin and Soviet control. However they need to have the Soviets as an ally outweighed the danger. Post war of course the US and Russia had the long cold war as well as small proxy wars around the world Afghanistan, Korea and Vietnam being the most well known.
They love the police when it comes to keeping the other oppressed.
I am not a religious scholar but I am pretty sure atheism and sharia law don't go together.
Gee what a shock that yet another one of Trump's hastily made decisions appears to benefit Russia.
I saw them in '92 during the wish tour, first major concert I went too.
The white house and republican media will soon be blaming the spike on democrats, and protesters.
Without recognition from a major political party or a lot of funding fairly difficult. Modern political campaigns can cost a lot of money even at the state level.
That would be easier, but I would have to see how the voting is organized. If each representative on the council is elected on a district bases, that reduces the number of voters you need to reach and the physical area that you would have to cover. Which also reduces the amount of money you would need for the campaign. If the council members are voted in based on a vote by the entire city of LA it would require a larger campaign and more money to set up and run.
I would tell them I am not giving them any money for meth.
You can certainly try but the most likely outcome if you attempt to interfere will be your arrest.
Frankly I think Biden will be a far more level headed and smart leader than Trump. You are correct that Biden has some baggage which is to be expected from someone with a political career as long as his. Do I expect a lot of change in a Biden presidency? The answer is no, Biden is far more of a center left democrat, not a socialist left candidate like Sanders. That being said he and frankly the party itself is aware that they need to at least listen to the more leftist part of the party or risk losing them as voters. In much the same way the tea party and other mid to far right groups have pushed out the center right of the republican party. In addition I honestly don't see any good character traits in Trump, he is mean, lazy, vindictive and those are his good traits. He lacks any true leadership abilities and his response to the covid-19 pandemic and the current racial unrest in the US has been pathetic at best. I don't really know what else to say beyond that, Trump is great at self promotion but appears to lack any actual talent beyond that.
Isnt that going to lose NASCAR about 2/3rds of there fan base?
Needs to be upside down.
Yes, it might make for some fun and lively conversations.
[Love Buzz](https://youtu.be/ZEh3mO9MPV0) - Nirvana.
I think you have a future with the anti- vaxxers.
They draw a salary same way you would if it was a private business.
Depends on the amount of oversight which I am thinking can vary and on the donors. If the donors see that a huge chunk of the money is going to the owners, they may rethink their donation.
The stupidity is strong.
I will be so happy when Trump is out of office and we can go back to ignoring his asinine tweets.
Typically the mind set is that news from their favored outlet is the truth while the other side is clearly lying. So yeah I guess they do accept it but not in the way you are thinking.
I am pretty liberal but I still think the exclusion zone and the folks behind it are on parr with the right wingers who occupied the Malheur Wildlife refuge a couple of years ago.
I got caught in a down pour in the French quarter last time I went to New Orleans, nothing to do but grab a drink and wait it out.
Oh no, you are not getting off that easy.
Any other president would have gone on air asking for calm and at least give lip service about an investigation into Floyd's murder. Not Trump though he is more concerned with his poll numbers.
I have had a couple of Trump supporters basically say how unhappy they are that Trump hasn't used the insurrection laws to send in the army. Some of them truly want a full blown authoritarian government that will kill anyone who doesn't conform.
It doesn't take declassified documents to know that Brietbart has been unreliable since 2007.
As the white father of a black child I have had some weird looks when he was younger and would throw a tantrum in a public place. Had the police called on me once.
The medical tyranny is my favorite, what dafuq is that even supposed to mean?
Depends on which country you are in and how loud you are playing it. I would also expect to get hassled by the cops over any minor infraction they can come up with.
If she is ovwr 18 she is legally able to name her own decisions in the western world at least. Hell my GF and I are 6 years apart and it isnt a big deal.
I see Branco is doing his usual shit posting.
Usually if you are doing dominant/submissive role-playing in the bedroom you talk have a lot of very honest and open conversations before hand to avoid upsetting the other person. My GF and I engage in this type of thing and we both enjoy a great deal but we also talk a lot before and after to insure we are both happy.
This would have been better on r/circlejerkseattle assuming it still exists. My theory is it will spread up and down the west coast but the buffer zone of Idaho, and Arizona will stop any spread to the east.
Angry Birds yeah the game is popular but did we really need a movie?
YTA for not proofreading your post. It is unintelligible garbage that I gave up on halfway through.
Diablo 3 has been a great couch co-op game for my GF and I.
That the stuff you see depicted in porn is not anything like real life sex.
Can't say I disagree with you on that.
I looked this up and the picture is from 2015 when Maduro was still able to enter the US. He was doing some sort of community event at the time.
Sounds right, Washington state can brpe broken into two distinct areas, western Washington is largely on Puget sound, is very liberal and has Seattle and most of the population. Eastern Washington where WSU is located is a lot more rural and conservative.
Yeah r/thathappened.
Dang that is too bad, do they have a leader kobold who might investigate or rally the troops?
Brought to you by the same network that is photoshopping the same armed protester into images of the Seattle autonomous zone and showed pictures of stuff burning in Minneapolis and claimed it was Seattle.
I use a [foaming mousse](https://www.ulta.com/curl-care-flawless-curls-extra-hold-mousse?productId=xlsImpprod3350099&amp;sku=2100446&amp;cmpid=PS_Non!google!Product_Listing_Ads&amp;cagpspn=pla&amp;CATCI=pla-293946777986&amp;CAAGID=79630158421&amp;CAWELAID=869065253&amp;CATARGETID=330000200001322249&amp;cadevice=t&amp;gclid=CjwKCAjw8pH3BRAXEiwA1pvMsbWINJmlxNhU50Ei5YOMCTZMCWHaioiLNWbuBwec7dYrTWHWFFc-ZRoCrpwQAvD_BwE) that works pretty well without looking or feeling horrible. I have thick semi curly hair.
Keep your dog on a leash, just because your dog is nice doesn't mean everyone else's dogs are nice.
For me they last a while, I use about a quarter sized dollop in my hand. You would probably need to experiment a bit to see how much you need.
A little drama on the jazz subreddit, some people need to chill.
It is an excellent family friendly movie no cussing, a little violence, no nudity, all around one of my favorite anime movies. .
Why not both?
Trump can't lift a glass of water to his mouth one handed, needed help walking down a ramp and continually misspells words on his tweets and that is with spell check, but sure tell me more about Biden's cognitive decline.
I good with either so....
You mean a roommate?
Give up man the nazis weren't leftist socialist it is loke saying north Korea is a democracy because it is in thr name.
In my opinion it is hard to say, not sure if white nationalist groups have published a lot on how they would want the economy organized. I hesitate to us the Nazi Germany as an example because war time economies are different from peace time economies, but currently they are far more aligned with right wing politics but with an authoritarian bent.
I think that is a yes and a no, some parts of right wing politics have moved closer to libertarian especially when it comes to gun rights and regulations. But not all of it has and Trump while he has paid lip service to libertarians has been a lot more authoritarian. Trump has more than once expressed a desire to exert control over the media, he has praised authoritarian regimes such as north Korea, Turkey and Russia and his recent remarks about dominating the streets are concerning. And more than a few of his die hard followers have called for him to use the insurrection act to quell rioting. And that doesn't take into account the evangelical part of the right wing that appear to want America to be a Christian theocracy.
Their isnt an explanation, you just have too accept that it works.
You talk a lot about hyperbole when it comes to Trump and company and yet you act the Chaz in Seattle has taken over the city. I live in Seattle and the Chaz or chop or whatever they are calling it now is about three square blocks in size and will probably totally collapse in a week or two. The right wing media has tried to blow it up into some sort of anarchist boogeyman but it is really not anything important and will disappear soon.
So you would prefer another standoff ending like the Branch Davidian disaster in Waco? The folks who took over the Capitol hill area are just as dumb as the idiots who took over the Malheur wildlife refuge in Oregon and a lot more can be gained by waiting it out instead of going with a militarized police response. I would say that a demand to immediately end the standoff isn't very libertarian of you.
Assuming this is real, I would suspect that a person with the money to hire Shakira to sing at a wedding probably has a lawyer on retainer.
Years ago I called the SPD because this guy was trying to knife another guy in a parking lot across the street, I don't think the cops ever showed up. Nobody got hurt but it was still super weird.
It is common for publishers to release part or all of a book to reviewers and media in order to get well positive reviews and get the book release into the news.
Granted but you your erections last for a minimum of 4 hours.
I sent a link to the video of Trump being unable to drink from a cup without using both hands and Trump shuffling down the ramp at West Point to a Trump supporter and he told me about Biden being a pedophile so no they aren't rethinking their life choices. They don't give two shits about what Trump does they will still vote for jim.
They need to stop pandering to the far right portion of the republican party, except they can't so I don't think they can be rescued.
Moved out and got my own place. Haven't had any problems since then.
No, it isn't all I cast fireball. Try it out, see if your DM will do a one shot adventure or maybe one of the starter set modules. If yiu have fun and enjoy it keep going, if you don't like it drop it.
Norway was has been a vassal to Sweden and Denmark before declaring independence in 1814. They were also inavded and occupied by the nazis during WWII. So nope they are not on that list.
You may want to see if you can find more pics but yeah an experienced barber will probably know what to do or might ask you how you would like the back to look.
Maybe start by learning that their is a difference between socialism and communism.
Jesus generally took the side of the poor and oppressed in society but I guess we should ignore that part.
Drugs are separated into different groups based on what they do and chance of addiction. Adderall is a controlled substance and when a prescription is filled, the pharmacy has to be able to account where every pill goes. Most likely he is signing it to certify that the appropriate number of doses are in the bottle.
That looks like a wrongful death lawsuit waiting to happen.
Adderal is a schedule II and testosterone is a schedule III. I would have to dig further into how those are handled.
Quickly and quietly in my sleep like my grandpa, not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car.
Sounds like r/iamatotalpieceofshit territory.
My GF and I played this over a weekend but she hated the ending.
The fruit looks like Rainier cherries.
I am joking but if you post anything like what you wrote on a conservative sub it will be an insta ban.
When you are a malignant narcissist, everything is about you.
It wouldn't be a re-education, you start teaching metric in schools, start marking road signs in both metric and imperial stuff like that. You have a plan in place to sunset the imperial measurements in say 20 to 30 years.
The Lost Mines of Phandelvar is a good module that comes in the starter kit, you could probably purchase it on Roll20 if you wanted to use the site to run your campaign.
The SiFi channels Battlestar Galactica, the first few seasons were great but the final season was an absolute shit show. They had so much to work with Cylon civil war anybody? But no let's drag in a Jimi Hendrix song and make everyone a Cylon.
I liked the Legion expansion but left not to long after BfA, just seemed like another expac for Legion nad lacked content.
This [scene](https://youtu.be/CcXC6rqvQFo) from SpongeBob.
I have gone to school with, worked with and befriended many black people over my lifetime and I have never had a problem with "black jealousy" but I am not a pathetic snowflake either.
So I can arrive at my destination .05 seconds sooner.
You can slow down now, Duck Tails is on Disney plus and can be streamed whenever.
Ice cream mochi.
Do you at least get a reach around?
You can't help bring black but being a Trump supporter is a decision.
What do mean own? If you mean they control what you do where you go and are constantly stalking you the answer is no, that isn't a healthy relationship. If you mean that they want to do some dom/sub roleplay, well that is up o you and what you feel comfortable with.
It is amazing how in some cases little has changed in 40 years but now it is easier to record so maybe we will see a change.
Answer so the trains would run on time. Before the institution of time zones individual towns kept their own time. As you can imagine as the trains moved east and west it made scheduling difficult. A decision was made to create time zones to make it easier. There are other reasons as well but that was a big consideration.
You mean the same top minds that claim the Democrats are the party of the KKK while defending the usage of the Confederate flag and keeping the monuments to the Confederacy up?
I wasn't denying thr connection between the KKK and the Democrat party in the past. You can go on about the party swap being false as much as you want but currently it is republicans who are defending the confederate statues and monuments and it is the republicans that are supported by the KKK, neo nazis and an assortment of other white nationalist groups.
Okay buddy.
One of the most badass lines ever said in a movie.
Significantly cheaper and a huge space savings to use a ziploc bag and a rolling pin.
What happens on a hot summer day when the sun is hitting those things?
Hitting Trump right where it hurts in the ego.
You are a sad angry little man.
I saw an article a while back that a handful of people in North Korea have internet access but the majority of the population doesn't. I am sure that access is restricted to a very small elite part of the population.
Tell her how inappropriate it is, if you were drooling over her 21 year old sister you would ne in deep shit.
S. E. Hinton who wrote The Outsiders, Rumble Fish and That Was Then This Is Now did the same thing. It was thought that a woman writing about gang life in Oklahoma would not sell as well.
Banging your mom makes him a motherfucker, it doesn't make him a father.
The CEO and upper management people draw salaries like everyone else, but they are also often given bonuses and stock options that increase their income.
Also none of this is true, Rockefeller isn't Podesta's father and Podesta isn't Bennington`s father. A simple internet search proves that.
Me too.
Trump is already claiming that a foreign government is getting ready to print up millions of fake ballots. I guess he doesn't realize those ballots are checked against a registered voter database. Simply sending in ballots not attached to a voter wouldn't work.
If they are trying to say the gesture that Hillary is making is the same as the statue it is obviously not the same symbol.
So a patchouli and pot scented deodorant? That’s what it always smelled like when they came to town back in the day. I worked next to the arena they played in.
That doesn't make it any better.
Sounds either fishy as hell or a total pain in the aas assuming he is telling the truth. Unless he has a clear title on the vehicle I would skip it.
I'm going with Trump supporters mostly because they have retreated into a batshit insane reality of confusing and stupid conspiracy theories in order to support Trump. Qanon anyone?
He might or might not, the point really isn't whether he understands it but to whip up his base into outrage over the baby killing dems attempting to steal the election.
In other news, water is wet and the queen of England is old.
Unfortunately the extremes tend to be the loudest. It would be nice if those of us in the middle could live our lives in peace.
Apparently we can't agree on shit so I would start circulating stories that the alien invasion is a hoax created (place enemy here) to convince people it isn't happening to hold off a response for as long as possible.
Please end it now, I can't take anymore of 2020.
Someone needs to watch Weird Science.
I think the best part of Trump losing in November is he can go die in obscurity and I can go back to ignoring him and his followers. Trump's not winning a second term he has failed badly as a leader and a good chunk of the American voting public will be glad to see him gone.
Get a credit report and see what is on it and start making plans to pay those debts off. It isnt always easy but that is a good starting point.
What that joke: Media: Donald Trump shit his pants Press secretary: I can assure the president has not shit his pants Trump: I shit my pants and did it on purpose.
You got any actual facts to back that up?
Centaurs, they have the habit use weapons.
They weren't being nice to him and asking questions like why did you fire the prosecutor investigating your friends and did you see this recent poll showing Biden leading you by 10 points?
Well I guess I should be thankful that you at least aren't resorting to insults. It doesn't matter who or in this case what caused it, we still have and will have high unemployment st election time and whether he deserves it or not, he will get the blame for it.
This happened to my barbarian in our last game. I played the as the were shifted character. I thought it was fun. I was killed the warlocks familiar before the resr of the party did enough damage to me, forcing me to flee.
It is a huge pro Trump conspiracy that started on 4chan. A person claiming to have a Q security clearance and proximity to president Trump started posting stuff about how Trump will soon arrest Hillary and Obama for their numerous crimes. It has since expanded to include all sorts of crazy stuff, but the basic belief is that any time now Trump will arrest all the traitors and clean up the government.
Possible racism aside nothing I have read about slavery both in the US pre Civil War and as practiced around the world is peaceful.
Good riddance.
Put up a Black Lives Matter sign in my front yard.
I bet this woman is a qanon believer.
I made the point to someone the other day that the stock market as a measure of economic health is rather deceptive. The US over the last few months is approximately 39 million and yet the stock market value has shot up. They didn't like that much.
For HP you are right that the characters in game wouldn't have exact knowledge of the numbers but they can tell if something looks beat up or not. For example if the party has been fighting a young green dragon for several rounds they may not know it only has 20 hp left, but they can see the wounds on its body and the scorch marks from fireball.
Some places have a victim compensation fund to assist with this precise problem. In general if a person harms another they are supposed to be responsible for any medical care but if the perpetrator is poor as well they won't have money to pay for medical bills. So thr victim compensation fund can be used but I don't know how difficult it might be to get them to help.
A sports illustrated swim suit calender. Not only is it trashy but about 90% of my coworkers are women.
And yet every time I visit my mom I have to fix some network problem she is having.
Carlson is one of the assholds responsible for the current situation and frankly I am far more concerned about right wing violence especially from qanon crowd after Trump loses the 2020 election.
They are very versatile, full spell casters, healers and with the wild shape ability can be excellent skirmishers.
The most remote Costco I could find. Plenty of food, and you would have books clothing and bedding too. Plus it would be easy to barr the doors to prevent entey.
I feel like there is a porn actor named Dick Fury.
The reboot of Battlestar Galactica. The last season had so much promise and they just blew it.
Sounds like it is run by the church of scientology.
I am guessing the racial tolerance thing was because Sinatra was friends with Sammy Davis Jr and the rat pack would refuse to perform in segregated casinos.
You should watch Going Clear sometime. A fascinating documentary about Hubbard, scientology, its origins and what happens if you leave.
Remember when Obama got a hold of a 500 billion dollar tax payer funded bailout and fired all the people who were involved in the oversight of those funds? Whoops my mistake that was Trump.
Damn I thought I corrected that before I posted
Like all of them.
A guy I know from high school was Laotian refugee and came to the US when he was about 8 with his family who were escaping the violence that engulfed the area in the 80s. He is a Trump supporter and has zero compassion for the people fleeing the violence in Central America despite it being very similar circumstances to his own arrival in the US.
Wasn't grandma yelling for reform when the FBI was investigating Trump's associates?
Alec Guinness didn't want to have to be in the sequels so they wrote a death scene for his character.
Maybe I am wrong but I thought chapo was a pro authoritarian communist sub?
How is Bill Gates reducing the human population by providing vaccines to third world countries so fewer people die? Or do they think it is just white people that the reduction in population is supposed to effect?
She would refuse to date me, I don't make that much money.
Trump is already claiming he wasn't briefed on the Russian bounties and he is unsure of the veracity that the said bounties even existed.
The Dead Kennedys released [Police Truck](https://youtu.be/PScmRiaZhwk) in 1980 so yeah not a lot has changed, we just have a better ability to get it on camera.
I started disc golf last year, a set of discs is $25 to $40 and the courses are usually free. A fun way to get out, get some sun and some exercise.
Why does Chris need warriors?
By that logic the current republican party which gets a great deal of support from the KKK, neo-nazis and other white nationalist groups should disband as well.
When he can use them as props to show how manly he is he loves them.
