Glad you gave him credit, but you should really be mentioning that in the title. Poor guy's gifs are plastered all over here within minutes of him putting them on his site.
It was May 31st. There were people, both free and paid, who were planning to cancel right after the PPV. They were trying to keep them by announcing all of that.
There was a kid losing his shit in Cena/Owens.
Good point, but that doesn't make it right. I'd bet you at least 90% of the news articles on here are to ripoff sites. I used to wonder why the mods allow it, until people started suggesting that one or more of them must have some sort of financial stake in one of those ripoff sites.
I interpreted the article as saying that you may have defeated the aliens, but the planet was so ravaged that they decided to surrender once it was over.
1) Taylor has probably been in management longer than he was a wrestler at this point. 2) Its not Taylor who makes the big decisions. Vince has a certain way of running things, and that's how the system operates. One of the biggest no-nos in the entire company is thinking you're hot shit. Was Rollins better than a new trainee who came in off the street? Sure. But if he was acting like it, the company would rather take the trainee.
Yes. It was shot in a wider aspect ratio, but framed 4:3...there was equipment and such visible on the edges. Besides, the restoration was done to clean up what was shot, not to alter it.
Yeah, it's like something in the brain just can't compute having such a wide, distant vista that fills up your peripheral vision.
That was right before he and the other three left. I believe Kevin Sullivan has just become the booker again. Of course, Benoit's wife used to be married to Sullivan. If I remember correctly, putting the belt on Benoit was supposed to demonstrate to the locker room that everything was cool, everyone was getting chances. No bad blood. The foot under the ropes was their way of giving themselves an out, if Benoit decided to leave.
Only if you bring a photo of Kevin Owens for him to sign.
Takes the reporter a bit to realize what's actually going on...his initial reaction here was to just narrate the scene, and how there's debris raining down.
Still a G, dude. Still a G.
It also used Braveheart music.
Yes yes yes No no no
I don't think it's really a WWE thing. It's been common in all of wrestling for any interviewer to be short. I'm actually surprised Tom got the job in the first place.
Well just don't let her know he's got a decent car, or you'll never see her again.
This is cool, and I'm happy the guy is doing something he enjoys, but I really hope he got it all cleared through the proper channels ahead of time. WWE is very down on people going out and doing their own projects unless they have control and get a piece. Edit: I have no idea why I was downvoted without people trying to explain their opinions. I can't think of a single instance where the company has supported someone engaging in their own business venture--especially one without WWE branding, using a different name.
I'm guessing you got downvoted because people thought you were making a joke. While that may be possible, there is indeed a bounty hunter "theme," played on the bassoon.
Obviously some of the favorites are already listed, but I wanted to make sure "The Asteroid Field" was mentioned. You can almost *feel* the Falcon swooping.
There's what's called a "leitmotif" that plays for him. It's not as full-blown as, say, Yoda, but there's kind of a menacing series of notes on the bassoon for Fett.
Google it. It has its own Wikipedia entry, and is actually called that.
Hmm...what if it was a special on the Network? I could see some people subscribing to see that.
Why would someone go to all that trouble when they can just steal a gif from cwmonkey's site, and amass the same amount of karma?
Umm the picture shows the plane after the wings were removed.
Whether this interview is old or not doesn't really matter--this is an opinion many wrestlers hold, and I've never cared for it. It's essentially the same as saying that fans of *anything* don't have the right to discuss or criticize it. Should football fans stop talking about the NFL unless they've played professionally? Of course not. And just because I've never been a paid wrestler doesn't mean my opinions are automatically invalid, or that I shouldn't use "insider" terms because I'm somehow unworthy. I get it, there was a time when kayfabe was closely guarded, and wrestlers looked at themselves as an elite club, but those times are gone. We know how matches work, we know how the business operates, and we're entitled to our opinions.
Some sort of giant Stargate thing that one of the characters invented.
Why wouldn't they *say* that? "The park hasn't been this crowded in months." "That Christmas sale package is going to turn out to be the only that that'll keep us out of the red this year."
Don't be a douche.
Dude. A little girl uses gymnastics to kill a raptor.
The idea that Turner was heavily involved in WCW is just a fiction created by Vince. It was something he liked, and something he respected because it helped TBS gain prominence as one of the first big cable channels, but I don't think he paid much attention to it--certainly not enough to discuss it in any depth in a book.
It's not about the quality of the production. It's about the content. It's about showing people who someone really is, regardless of whether or not you include stuff from other promotions.
Legitimate question: Why are they only sending an orbiter? I feel like they'll eventually have to send a lander anyway, so why not do it all at once?
On top of that, how was Kimbo able to pop right up and start swinging? If he wasn't put away by the choke, wouldn't he at least have been a little woozy?
Evan Bourne could probably give you a lift.
I always appreciate the effort that goes into compiling these, and I'll happily visit a site instead of having them here as a text post. That being said, the little "share bar" on the left side of the screen on mobile drives me batty. I don't know if you put it there yourself or if it was just part of a template, but it's a little intrusive, and I doubt it prompts anyone to post it on Digg anyway.
Michaels said the company pitched this to him, and he felt the teacher/student thing had been done before, and didn't interest him.
Ok, so where can I find some dinosaur drawings done the "right" way?
They really didn't go outdoors much at all, due to cost. Shooting on location is infinitely more expensive than using sets. So yeah, when they actually did go outside, they stayed close to LA.
HE SAID TO BE POSITIVE
Yeah, it's part of their style. Has been for a long time. Watch any WWF Hogan match, then look at him in Japan.
The live component is just a big waste of time, which could be better spent showing the actual competition.
Whether or not the segments were any good is irrelevant--you don't just drop an entire storyline with no reason. Was I super invested in what was going on? Of course not. But it's insulting to dedicate so much time to something, then have the company expect that I'm not going to be annoyed when it just vanishes with no explanation. I mean, seriously...even a two-minute segment where Brie turns heel and joins Nikki would've been better than nothing.
More Legends Roundtable. A "storyline" option that will show only the segments related to a certain storyline from TV and PPV.
They weren't over enough for Rikishi to mention them, apparently.
OHHHHHH MYYYYYYYY
The real question is, why are sites like these allowed to be posted here?
It's all thanks to his good friend Diamond Dallas Page and DDP Yoga! He can do it anywhere, and recommends the Max Pack!
It's worth pointing out that Lawler has said he has a lot of books with these kinds of jokes in them. Not that that makes them any less funny, of course.
It's Michael Buffer, and WCW paid him...guess how much? Per appearance. He flew in, stood in the ring for less than five minutes, and read off of index cards. $50,000. Every time.
Yeah, I always found that to be a little f'd up...part of the "old way" of doing things. I mean, the company wants you to have a certain look, but it's on you to spend thousands of dollars to get your outfits made up? I mean, if they want to be considered "entertainment," I kind of doubt Arnold is responsible for getting his own leather jackets made up for when he plays the Terminator.
I just wanted to point out that this book was just released. I bought it because of this post, and it's *amazing*!
Maybe we should just all start a mad dash to post a link to the original source every time someone posts something from lordz of wrestledoodz around here, and that's the one we upvote.
Two teams swing chairs at each other. Chairs collide. One team hurts their hands, the other team is fine. Why?
Yep. I think that was always part of the point of having a former wrestler do color...they could speak from experience about what a wrestler was trying to accomplish, or what effects a certain move could have. At some point, the whole endeavor just turned into a clusterfuck of repetitive jokes.
Oh come on. That was a good match--one of the best for both of them.
All I can say for sure is that if JR booked matches, they'd consist of two or three punches, followed by 15 minutes of selling.
Isn't that the engaged girl? I'm guessing ZZ is the "non-sexually-threatening teddy bear jokester who's like my brother" in the show.
Nash has said many times that the Fingerpoke storyline was derailed because Goldberg put his arm through the limo and got injured, which is way out of line chronologically. As far as the Torrie stuff goes, I remember there being a Nash theory that there didn't even need to be wrestling for an entire hour. There was one episode in particular where the entire first hour of Nitro consisted of these skits.
Ok. I'll take that with a hefty grain of salt...as far as I can tell, the source is just a random redditor.
He's like the Virgil of comedy.
Huh? He's talking about Shatner, not himself.
Actually, it was the opposite of that. Wu said the real things were too fast and too hard to contain; he wanted to make them slower.
Standing water. A lake doesn't necessarily mean there's standing water.
YOU FUCKED UP YOU FUCKED UP
The Torch used to be okay, but I get the impression that Keller's sources must've dried up or something. But yeah, you've basically got Meltzer and Mike Johnson, then you've got a hundred wrestledoodz.com sites that just paste their stories.
Notice the guy in the front row who puts his head down, like "Yeah...of course he would do a move like that."
Great guy, hell of a hand in the ring. Swig of beer for Savio.
No, it's not. Maybe English isn't your first language, but in the context you used it, "apparently" basically means "it seems that." All you're doing is spreading misinformation. There's two, maybe three valid sources for wrestling news out there. The one you used isn't one of those. The New York Times doesn't write "Apparently George Bush caused 9/11," then included a quote saying he was in on it, without citing who said it.
I want to point out that every time this gets mentioned, someone calls Sid an idiot for trying it. Now, I'm not going to debate whether or not he's an idiot in general, but there were numerous reports at the time stating that Sid did not want to do this move. He was basically told that he needed to expand his moveset, and was "given" this move, likely by Johnny Ace.
This doesn't really qualify as "gruesome," but Johnny Stamboli did a springboard legdrop from the top rope to the floor on a random episode of Nitro. Guess what? Broken tailbone, which most anyone could tell you would be the outcome.
This is the second time today I've seen an "awesome sell" gif that cuts off before the end.
As far as I can tell, if you throw out Christmas episodes, this is the lowest rating since December 2012. I'd encourage everyone to click on the actual link, it has weekly ratings listed back to Raw 1000--which I look at as the "number of people who would watch if given a reason to."
I think there's something else going on...like a general lack of interest in the product as a whole. As far as anyone knew, Brock was going to be on last night.
The Horsemen were badasses who'd corner you in an alley and beat the shit out of you. Rollins is a total coward who can't even go to the bathroom without getting help.
I think we've all been trained to interpret "_____ isn't here tonight" to mean "_____ will run out and raise hell at the end of the show."
A fair point, but I think the trends show that people are willing to tune in and watch the show live if they're given a reason to. The day after Wrestlemania 31, they pulled 5.3 million viewers. I don't think television viewing patters have changed that much since March.
Not only that, but the very first match was Big Show/Mark Henry.
That certainly is unnerving. Where's the video of the guy riding the buffalo?
Least you could do is say you took this from cwmonkey, and plug his website, wrestlingwithtext.com.
Doesn't help that there's absolutely no way to communicate anything to anyone on console...on a TEAM-BASED GAME.
This Pablo guy gets on my nerves. Just do your job and be quiet about it. I like the mystery of it all, and have no desire to see how the sausage is made.
Yes, but he's pulling back the curtain too much. Way too much. I don't need him talking about his life and tweeting stuf like "Haha yeah I wrote that." There's no reason the same couldn't be accomplished with an official Twitter account with no one's name attached to it, run by someone who's more selective in what he says and what he addresses. For example, it'd be better to leave this stuff about the Maz statue alone, and just let people speculate on it. I don't need to hear "It wasn't intended to be her, but we may decide later to say it was."
That makes more sense, thanks. I was having flashbacks to the posts here about "Do I need to watch the old movies or not?"
FYI Lucas didn't really write that. It was a ghost writer.
True, but so far, Star Wars movies haven't done especially well in China, for whatever reason.
Jango Snott
That's interesting. I'm really curious to see what happens over there when it finally comes out.
Where's the video? It seems like a short clip might make the gameplay more evident.
I keep seeing this theory pop up, and the most important argument against it is left out: it's a movie. We're not talking about a running tv show or a series of novels here. Not only is it a movie, but it's a movie that's trying to capture new fans. One thing they've shied away from are ties to previous films that are so strong they require you to have seen them all. Rey being Kenobi's granddaughter would require a whole lot of expository dialogue...who he was, who the grandmother was, who their child was, why Kenobi had a child at all, and on and on. Not only that, but you'd be creating a relationship with a character who's no longer around. What sounds more interesting: the father/daughter dynamic, or the person who's not in the movie/granddaughter dynamic?
If you were in charge of this, what would you do? She's a big star...would you have her peeping over someone's shoulder?
If you're looking for karma, just find a couple of things that haven't been posted in a day or two, then repost them. Bonus karma if you say something like "I haven't seen anyone discuss this yet, but does anyone else think Rey is Kenobi's granddaughter?
Meltzer doesn't post most of his news items for free, and Wrestlinginc is a 100% ripoff site. All they do is copy and paste news, often rephrasing it to the point that it becomes incorrect.
Actually he's been doing this sort of thing a lot lately.
Somehow his movements are more realistic than that floppy hedgehog in Episode II.
Yeah. I think there was a lot of "Ehh, good enough...I can change whatever I want later."
This is probably my favorite quote of all time about Lucas. They're in the same scene. They're interacting. But why bother having them actually act with each other when you can just do it all in the computer later?
Or a spinner belt!!
That ship has sailed. They had a chance to grab the "OMG LOOK WHO IT IS" crowd back with their Monday show when Hogan, Jeff Hardy, and other showed up for the first time. Instead we got Bubba the Love Sponge and a weird cage no one could get out of. There's really no one left. Hardy was a big star at the time, but there's no one from WWE who's available or likely even willing to go to TNA. And as good as ROH can be, there's really no one with the star power to bring in a bunch of viewers.
Well it's certainly preferable to where they were before being cast, but it's obvious they're both very talented. I hope they end up doing better than traveling around the country to sit in booths at sci-fi conventions.
Five hours?!? Come one, what if the poor guy's got stuff to do?
