You need a kitty. They are like cramp magnets. You hurt. Magically you have a purring cat on your lap. They also give you zen from purrs. Feel better :)
Someone posted a picture of a lock on a fence in a Nation Park a month or so ago. That's litter. Grr.
How often does this happen? Our ASPCA has a record of no deaths from spay/neuter clinic for something like 10 years.
Man I wish they bottled their sour. It's so good.
I know 2 sets of parents who said something like "You are treating my son like a criminal" when he was charged 4 years for sleeping with a 13 year old (he was 23) and "Why didn't the parents come to us and we could have settled it quietly" when their son had been diddling his 12 year old cousin for years (He was 33). Yeah. NO.
This is such a good book.
Was it Enya? She had a ton of her music in commercials in the 90's
Our state has a damn chart for consent age.
Yup. Came here to say this. Wrist foot and kree in the misc. Pile. :)
Sweaters. I have really nice light sweaters. And a lot of tank tops to wear under v neck stuff.
Screaming buttons we call them
If it's a chimp it would win. They are way strong and have sharp teeth and mad crazy jaw muscles. Mofo can bit your face off and snap an arm like it's nothing. Bitch don't even need a knife. Unless it was like a lemur. I could probably take a lemur. Source: anthropology major
Don't study the day before and sleep well the night before. It takes 24 hours for that cramming to set in. Cram in advance. Basically study each week. Make questions and answers that may be on the exam and pop quiz yourself. Oh and ask the prof for tips during office hours. Oh. Do not. I reapeat. Not. Let the prof see you cry. Never show weakness to the enemy.
My boss had to tell our ceo, under no circumstances, would there be bathroom meetings. Ceo installed private loo in his office shorty after.
Some asshat at a club I did not want to be (obligation for work ) at grabbed almost every girls ass in my group until me when I turned around and told him "young man that is very inappropriate". Then I informed the bouncer and my totally yoked friend who stared him down the whole night. Fuckin people like that guy.
Guy 1. He was never there and married to his job. i Graduated college and got wine to celebrate. Woke up at midnight when he got home. Drank wine by myself. Guy 2. Told me I had to get rid of my cat. Had no emotions and only wanted sex in one position. Guy 3. Bragged about being stabbed and had no idea how to treat a girl. Spent all my money and was a drunk. I sure know how to pick them. But I'm with a chill dude now. We rock. No plans to get married and we are cool with that. Plus my cats love him and he loves the cats.
Isn't she against gay marriege and some other controvercial things too? I think it's just a ruse to cover up real stories like the TPP and the Freedom Act. We rather fawn over a celeb than worry about freedom.
I would like to see him shooting a gun and smoking a joint while high fiving an eagle and drinking a beer with an Iraq vet.
I just wished my bf liked makeup. He tolerates it but he's not a fan. Even when I do no-makup makeup he notices. I have okay skin and will use a bit of cover up most days (unless there is a miricle and the skin is flawless) but even a touch of brows and brown eyeliner accents and he's like, " :( " I guess I should be happy he likes my face.
Seriously. If you order a certain beer or drink day in and out (local dive bar, so you see people 5 days a week) and they switch to something you get confused. Or you are THAT guy who just orders a "vodka anything". He seriously just lets the bartender make a new vodka drink every day. Good guy.
Go to a craft cocktail bar where they choose your first drink for you based on your tastes, then each drink revise until you have found your poison. There are tons popping up all over.
First thing I noticed was your 'y's. Next thing, you are legit. Bartenders hate making coffee. If they wanted to be a barista they would have applied at starbucks.
My significant other is a fancy cocktail bartender and orders white Russians at bowling alleys. Then again, he likes white Russians. Also, I am a white Russian.
Even worse, Tuaca and Diet. BLARGGGGGGG
Because you mean business. You know what you want. You know to pace with a shot. Drink the beer slowly, take the shot. Rinse repeat. This type of person always pays their tab plus a big tip for not bothering them. We have a guy that comes in and orders a beer and a shot almost every day, he's polite, friendly and always in a good mood. He has also worked every single day since the end of February. Service industry makes you appreciate your booze.
Yup.
All American style vodka tastes the same. Funny though, I had a bottle of White Doctor from the super market from Russia a while back and everyone said it was so smooth and good. I think it cost like 75 cents? Also Peter the First cigarettes are pretty tasty.
I order scotch or whiskey as a side car and sip it neat or with an ice cube.
My friend always joked on me because I ordered wine when we went out. One day he comes in and is like OMG I LOVE WINE. He discoved moscato wine. He is black. Heard it in a rap song. I blame rap for hennessy, gin, amaretto, moscato, and brandy.
Real men are not ashamed of ordering a pink cocktail served in a martini glass.
Our bar has 3 ciders. One is pear. The new thing is to order an "angry balls" which is an Angry Orchard Cider with a shot of fire ball poured into the bottle. It is vile.
&lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3
Whoever abandon him should get 17 years bad luck and bad karma. :( Such a cute kitty and awesome forever parents for taking him in :)
Just had a shot and a wine for lunch. However I think the bartender already likes me because we live together. I got the unicorn. Took a bartender on a date and it worked out. :)
So true. I am so happy there are people like you. I have taken in many a kitty but never this bad a situation. Mine have always been from hoarders or the pound. 2 stupid kitties right now. Rimmer is 10 (ish?) and loves doritos and pets. Kuna (Hakuna Matata) is 2 and leaves dead mice in my shoes. Both were kittens from farm cats who were not fixed in time.
40 signs saying keep window closed. 40. FOURTY.
So my 20 pound monsters could be doners? I will bring that up during their next vet visit.
It also looks like D cell batteries next to the bulb.
I didn't go to either of my graduations. I don't even know if I officially graduated high school.
In the future you can get cheap glasses online at places like eyebuydirect
I know nothing.
We had a free vegan restaurant with multiple options at work and people would go across the street to get bacon. However, vegan lasagna is horrible.
You could be 135 lbs and still be healthy at 5'10".
My cat has a bad problem with being obsessed with doritos. So I guess he is helping by me not bringing them home. He will cry and bite until he gets his chip fix.
Good for you!
Like that show secret eaters. They list what they eat and forget to list the drinks or snacks. One person was gobbling on chocolate all day. How do you just eat chocolate all day long and not think about it? One girl was consuming close to 4000 calories per day and had gained 60 pounds in TWO years!!!
Oh god, like the Secret Eaters girl who had the jacket potato every day for lunch but it was covered in 800 calories of extra junk.
THEY DRANK THE COOLAID. So sad. i see this all the time. The nails, the oils, everything. They SWEAR by it. Talking about it all the time. It's like they sold their soul for a few extra bucks a month. Like, OMG, this lavendar bath oil totally cured my headache. Buy it for 20% off today from my site. Only 16$. Ugh. No. I grow lavendar. I can pick it. FREE. I also make my own simple syrups and flavored honey.
Ours are painted like little people. Not at all coded.
Rich and related to Luke Skywalker. Probably high and drunk all the time.
Bawling my eyes out with my cats at a stupid youtube video. I blame my puffy eyes on alergies. Only the cats get it.
Taxis are assholes. On New Years we too a cab from a bar to a house maybe 1/2 mile away. He was demanding 25$ Minimum. We laughed in his face saying they can't do that. Gave him 15$ and said that was generous. It wasn't on the meter and he was trying to scam drunk people.
But the photo doesn't hae cellulite in the article. Unless I am missing something.
I wish they would show examples of skinny women with cellulite in an article about it. Instead it's just click bait for a ton of cellulite burning ads. :(
Like within the last few minutes. Also the one attached fpban list.
Yeah, pics of cute dead girls and the other one i think pics of dead kids are still up. Oh and I am pretty sure painal is still up too. Do not click random pages.
I stopped doing random when i hit the pictures of dead kids sub.
Didn't someone make a mirror type site to upload as an alt to imgur at some point?
there is one for "cute" dead chicks too.
I think they get away with it because it's not like they are harassing people. Just talking about necrophelia and how hot those dead girls are. :/
The post of dead/dying Chris Farley to WTf was pretty bad too. I mean, respect the dead. There are 2 images now of him lying on the floor of a shitty apartment foaming at the mouth and most likely dead/dying.
I worked at an ISP with over 150 employees and they "forgot" to pay the power bill so it got shut off. (That means 3 months over due because of leniency from power companies).
Last year MRI at private clinic with no insurance coverage? 500$ upfront cash. Last month WITH insurance, pay 100$ "co pay, on top of monthly fees", insurance company is billed 10,000$ from the hospital. Corupt as shit.
And they can't drop you or hike up your rates significantly if you get a condition. Which was previously the case. They would just drop people saying they have met their lifetime coverage and would no longer be covered. WTF.
I think it did bleed out, I saw people getting doxxed saying they were going to call their bosses because of r/fph but I saw some animosity in some of the fitness forums as well.
i guess if it doesn't harass people it's fine. The rapist stuff is offensive though. Like the AMA that asked rapists why they did so. That was some WTF material.
Still there picsofdeadkids. The creator deleted their account and I don't think there is much activity but it still has 3k subscribers.
I liked those (people who have killed someone). The people had some really good questions/answers.
1 girl versus 'at least' 250 women and children. That put's a lot into prespective. In addition to this there is a whole thing that you shove a gun in a lady and shoot her creating a fistula where basically, you usually live but leak out of the wrong whole.
Does no one look into their rearview mirrors? I mean, I see the back of my car regularly every day, multiple times a day. I look in the mirror every time I have my turn signal on to change lanes, I physically turn my head to change lanes like everyone should have been taught in drivers education, check your blind spot, which so happens also to be in the vicinity of the rear seat. When parking I look back to make sure I don't hit someones car. Does everyone just drive straight, never park, and never turn?
And [538](http://fivethirtyeight.com/datalab/dont-pay-attention-to-that-wisconsin-straw-poll/) is still scepticle.
I gurentee it is a homeless man who keeps moving after the cops cite him, and each time they smell his breath and he probably has a flask or an open container of rot gut. They basically harass the homeless there because rich people don't like seeing people in rags roaming their fancy streets. It makes the apple store look bad.
It would be nice to have it on doors. People just slam their doors into other cars. Auto door breaks? STOPs the doors from opening onto another car. No freaking respect. I would also like force field human breaks for assholes who think it's okay to hit my car with a shopping cart, bust a tail light, and walk away. I don't leave the house anymore because every time I do there is another ding, scratch, dent in the car.
Meow?
No problem with them. It's more of if you don't like it then don't subscribe. But I guess there was some doxing going on which I don't approve of.
You rock! And your wife rocks! My friend has lupus and RA and just got a compression break in her spine. 32. Shes a song person and full of positive vibes even if all she can do some days is sit with her cats and eat soup. Keep rocking sir.
Pro tip. A lot of public toilets have broken machines for ladies stuff. Check every machine. Some open because the lock is stuck. Score.
Nope. Some places don't even have a cafeteria. Just a small snack shack and hot lunch one day a week. Not free
"Are you gonna eat that?" Still appreciate pizza crust.
Dress up nice and get free samples at stores. Grocery. Mall etc. You can get soap from the mall sometimes. Take honey and mustard from fast food. Free shit everywhere. Just got to be savvy. Go to churches that have free lunch after the service. Soup kitchens. Dumpster dive. Borrow a Costco card and Fuckin eat like a king.
That cheese is still good.
Read this 4 times. The book. Just because of him. Read the rest of the books once. But hyperion 4 times.
Please don't ruin my childhood. I loved this book.
Yeah, I am still on pins and needles with the Preacher adaptation by Garth Ennis.
Just don't go looking for it. Man, the internet sucks some times. I try to stay in a happy place. I read my science reddits and front page and some other news sites and try to stay away from anything that reeks of 4chan.
Ohh. Good idea. my little one started by leaving his toys in my BFs shoes, then shit got real when I went to put my shoe on and there was a real dead mouse in there. The older cat was satisfied I could hunt years ago (or too lazy) but now the little one is bringing in snakes, mice, lizards, birds, everything. I always tell him hes a good kitty and give him treats. But still we get dead animals.
Mine used to do that when his water was dirty or not full enough.
My cat ate his food and his mice. You would hear *SQUEAKKKKKK* in the middle of the night and there he is chomping on a mouse, ate the thing in 2 bites.
Pics?
got to the list or use a google search (way easier than reddit search) and enter in the things you like. There surely is a small sub for that. I have dentistry, anthropology, cognitive science, history, archeology, 19 kids and counting (shut up, it's like a train wreck), a few disease related subs. Just look on the list and dig deeper. :) happy browsing!
If you have seen any posts about being body positive and arguments and then a comment that said "found the fatty" that was the bleed over from fph. It was kinda rude to see people just assuming people were fat because they were defending an opinion.
r/thinpeoplehate can't tell if serious or not...
You could get really creepo and start leaving notes on the shack. "I know what you did". And try to haunt him.
Yes sir. 2 wine and a shot in.
Wait is that too small?
This [blog](https://sixthousandsteps.wordpress.com/) has REALLy helped my friend out. She is your age and is a trooper. Try to stay positive and you already know RA sucks but maybe reading the blog will give you an idea of what she is going through and how to help. HUGS
Good one! I will share with my friend!
Zero. Zero weeks vacation in most jobs but a corporate office job. If you do get time off you don't get paid. Unless you work for Google or Facebook. If you work in retail you usually lose your job because you can't be there. This country is fucked up. This is why you see so many poor single women not working, they can't. There is no free daycare so they have to stay home. No other option. Daycare here costs 800$ or more a month. So until they start school at 6 years old you either have a nice mother who babysits or you pay out the ass for care while you work 60 hours a week.
ARGGGG. Pro-bono. I get that all the time. Not lawyer but dental. People call and just figure they can get shit for free. Oh I'm poor, but I don't have medi-cal (because they are either too lazy to apply or make too much - over 30k a year) and I don't have insurance, so uhhh, is there a free dentists? Dude, get off your ass and pay the 75$ for a cleaning and a check up. Twice a year. Cheaper than filling up your car.
Wait so they lifted the arm rest? I would have gone to the stewardess and told her that someone took my seat.
