I had to pay bribes just to prove I am a human being while issuing for passport.
I disagree with certain posters here. Hinduism is a derivation of various cultures and is more of a people's religion, IMO. While not going into social and other ramifications, lets keep it spiritual in this reply. Although hinduism proposes an existance of a god as singular (Bhraman). Just like you have different grades for children who are different mental capabilities and maturity, similarly the philosophies of hinduism also accounts for the differences of level of spiritual maturity of individuals. Most of them are unevolved and cannot grasp more than what they touch and feel through their senses. In a slightly more complicated way, they are engrossed in the maya(grand illusion?) of the universe. So, for the starter hindu, they (pandits/proponents) will advise to pick an ishta-devta (Favoraite god) and start worshiping. Different people will like different gods due to stories or properties attributed to them in popular religious culture. What point does this serve? One must know what to ask of wish from the universe/god, and must pray in that direction - this is the basic tenet of any religion. If there exists a god who helps during financial calamities or helps improve them (Such as Lakshmi in Hinduism), the devotee focuses his/her thought on such a form/force and prays in that direction. In simple words, Idols, the attributes and stories, helps the devotee focus his thoughts and meditate more coherently. This basically helps with teaching how to meditate and devote oneself. Having idols will help the devotee feel he/she has served the almighty for their aspirations. Most idols are symbolism, and all practices aid in visual support for the recitation of the vedas/mantra (Sorta like religious hymns) in situations to aid the devotee. As one spends more time in devotion they may evolve to learn the forms of god are for focusing on worldly needs or desires, while the very same meditation learnt will help focus on a much higher goal, moksha (or unity with the bhraman/almighty). Sometimes it takes more than a few lifetimes to evolve from this phase. Idolatory is a basic expression of spirituality - prayer to gods (visual forms) or demi-gods is for accomplishment of worldly goals. Weather it works or not is a matter of another debate. If you go a little historically, when vedic religion spread, it did not as such destroy religious practices of the locals, rather incorporated them at best. Even today, the gods prayed to (minor or less popular ones) would be different in the North of India compared to south, yet the higher level spirituality or concepts of the same (The formless, omnipotent, etc god). As such Hinduism does not emphasis prayer to the Bhraman. You'll fine no priest or knowledgeable person saying "Pray to the bhraman or perform certain rituals for the bhraman" (Not bhrama! That's another visualized god). That's because, then again one would be mixing the maya with the moksha. Maya: Worldly activities --&gt; prayer with purposes (even world peace is a worldly purpose) --&gt; accomplishment of the same --&gt; prayer to gods attributed with qualities which will help one with the same --&gt;may include meditating upon the said god. Moksha: Medidation in breaking free from the maya --&gt; unity with the Bhraman. TL;DR: Idolatory helps in the spiritual evolution where the devotee realizes, not just intellectually, that purpose of meditation or faith or whatever is unity with the bhraman. P.S: In Hinduism, ask as much questions as one gets, as inquiry or the spirit of it again is primodial for moksha. Ofcourse, Like Gandhi says, challenging rituals or practices or changing them is the job of the people following the religion (as for other religions as well), or else the purpose would only be defamation. This lacks any taste, theological or otherwise.
This is an explanation given to the simple devotee who cannot grasp complex concepts....or to a child.
You do your job, in the best way you can, in the most just way you can. - Dharma Do not think of its divine ramifications unless it is a very big step. If if it may have, you still do your duty starting from preserving your life and evolving spiritually - Nishkramya You pursue wealth, achievements and necessities as required of you and for you. - Artha You pursue pleasures, (although it is advised with good judgement) - Kama You pursue spiritual evolution and breaking free from the maya - moksha. Lets break up your worries: 1. Intimate relation. Explanation: It is said that sharing food or bed with another increases your karmic load. This means you may have several more interactions with that person until the so called debts are cleared, in this life or future ones. Solution: Keep them less and be as just as possible to the people you have sex with. Beyond that be nishkrmyik. 2. College - infinite problems, infinite issues. What if your father had a bigger debt to pay to you in an another life? and you picking a college right for you, but is costlier is actually clearing that debt more rather than the cheaper one? (Ofcourse this all just hypothesis) You are not the only one bound in the karmic chakra. Solution: Choose which is best for your future and your needs. Do your best for your future career. Do not worry about divine ramifications. 3. Washing dishes Solution: Give it your best, be learned about the basic science behind it. Fear of karmic dominoe effect should not make one idle. Action is important. That's how you as well as people around you and the soceity will move onward. Just as your actions may cause effects on others, one must not stop performing. Keep your intentions positive, or at best detached from the results. Let the universe decide the rest.
You did not understand the question.
I believe, smriti are more like laws or codes, which were designed to mange societies during the age they were written down. There are several smiritis, with manusmriti being the most famous (or infamous) one. Smritis have a lifespan or rather, social situation bound. Today's times are different from the times manusmriti describes, and hence I believe it needs to be shelved (Not necessarily destroyed). In the more modern sense, our (Indian) constitution can be termed as a modern smriti (albeit under perpetual construction). I would like to declare I do not have much knowledge nor interest on this subject. My opinions can be ignored if they are factually incorrect.
Wait what? Treated like untouchable for carrying copies of the vedas? What is this, reverse universe?
No, I have been consistent - just in case let me clarify. I support jokes (not deliberate insults) at the same time I support reactions to it. A comedian can joke on someone, and people who are offended have the right to express too. Why? Because one without the other will lead to an extremely sarcastic society or an extremely moderated society. We need both. In this particular case, ~~everyone~~A lot of ppl on /r/India is supporting the comedian. OP's post: &gt;What I don't understand is, if Tanmay mimicked and indirectly insulted Sachin and the the singer lady, what business do their fans have with being offended? The joke is on the idols, not on the fans. If someone insults my family, it would make more sense for my family to be offended at him than me being so. Then again, we're talking about India, the land of temperamental people. So I am just helping drawing two lines. I guess I am not helping. lol.
IMO, The only time both countries would trust each other this much (when they are both NOT developed enough), is that one country 'saves' the other from annihilation (from a 3rd party?), even when they were not required to (going out of the way).
&gt; Indira Failed because she went after the men. When taken out of context; it explains why she was assassinated. /s
Bankrupt or not, India needs to stop obsessing about pakistan. We need to move on to bigger challenges. Yes, keep and eye...but not complete attention anymore.
So, 43 more to go?
US is wooing India so much that it is starting to scare me. What do they want? We don't even have oil.
How would that even be possible? How will it solve anything except partially slake your animosity?
There is an old story which goes briefly, "When the Parsi people landed on Indian shores, the then King of ~~Bengal~~ Gujrat(?) sent their leader a full glass of milk (Symbolizing, there is no more place to accommodate them). The wise leader put a spoon full of sugar into the milk and stirred it - sent it back to the king. The King then welcomed the people." and the rest is history. In current context, I'd say the Indian Muslims are like [Roohafza] (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rooh_Afza) in the milk.
Hopefully it would be limited to the cow-belt. No one is safe in the cow belt. Hindu nor Muslim.
As you see, the states are opting neither. Its disappointing at the same time smart. The people are choosing a seemingly good party at the center where FP, Fin and General matters but are choosing regional parties at state levels - Neither BJP nor congress are really interested in uplifting states individually in anyway.
*immoral?
Russia will get pushed away from India if India-US interests align. Although it is in the best interests to have good relations with the US, it is a concern if that relation pushes a long-time associate away. This would in turn end up with Russia looking for new markets to sell its weapons (like Pakistan) - again detrimental for India. India has more often than not manages its FP well by being in good relations with most players. I only hope it does not lose old associates trying to forge new ones.
Its the easiest way to weaken border states. At the same time financially profitable. Maybe it also helps governments - corruption to subdue the ruling class, drugs to subdue the people. If you notice, some of the border areas are usually exceptionally corrupt. Congress has used this as a strategy in insurgency/terrorism hit areas as well in the past.
Or make India populate dying countries - like Japan/Russia.
Indeed, So Aloo-Gobi and not Butter Chicken is Punjab's national bird.
You are right, except, India is relatively neutral, US is nowhere close.
I believe there is a shift from making policies Pak oriented anymore. Apart from terrorism (and maybe a little Kashmir), we have no time or necessity to think about Pakistan. We need to make place for our massive youth and give them peaceful aspirations and purpose. We are in transit hopping-on China based policies....to Asia-region based policies. Competing with China is only a checkpoint at most. That's a really good way to go about things. Unlike US, who always seems to have a need for an "enemy" country, India has identified potential threats, but policies are for regional stability and co-operation. I hope this will give us good karma.
Oh, it has two capitols which are seasonal? That's news to me.
Dude, as a fellow Indian, I'd suggest you to stop commenting on this sub - don't u see, almost no Indians respond now-a-days. Don't break your head. It was fun while it lasted. Not anymore.
Frightening. Just means, One has no idea who is behind all of this?
Well, I don't know what BD feels about India per se, but I feel such co-operation is the need of decade/century.
I have seen/heard no records, stories or hymns that speaks of slavery. My information may be limited though. The closest thing to slavery was 'bonded labour' due to the zamindari system during pre-independent India (India abolished it as soon as it became independent).
No.
Although I have stopped responding and am NP mode (yeah, dont even vote) on this sub, because IMO not just me, for a lot of /r/Indians Pak is becoming lesser relevant... Regarding modi bhakts, I don't defend them. Its pitiful human nature seeking out godly heroes. More pitiable is that they are still obsessed with Pakistan, even when the ship has sailed with more sensible people. There will always be such people who wont learn... We have our own challenges, visions and lots of catching up to do with really relevant nations. People are learning and moving on slowly. I'd still like to credit the news site for some really good articles of different perspectives.
you forgot the /s.
Doesn't matter. We, as a society must give people the chance to correct their err, even if they are grade A assholes. Persecute them only after. Secondly, as someone else pointed out, he almost immediately corrected his statement (somewhat), but no one (except Indian Express I think) reported that.
Only as a preservative (equivalent) and not necessarily used for working. He is preparing ready to use reagent, so does not need methanol.
obligatory comment on any Space related news from India.
I thought India did not want F-16s but capabilities that will compete and outpace f-16s
This post is linked to a completely different article....and its got 8 upvotes even. Does no one click?
The timing of this news (even if old) is quite intriguing
Dude, don't bother responding on /r/pak; most of indians have given up on it. They circlejerk their own idiocy and paranoia. Just look around, the Indians responding to this sub has reduced greatly. I come to this sub just to feel, "Ok atleast there is a country which is having everything worse..."....and am mostly non-participant.
Pair pe kulhadi maroge, woh bhi baar baar.... toh tereko rokega kaun?
No. it is not. I thought so at first, not anymore. Contributions which atleast in part stroke your egos are only appreciated. Anything otherwise is not.
They do this in punjab a lot....treat cars like fucking trains....
Maybe its Maybelline.
Oh boy, that sour look on his face.
That's just... Hanzo needs to go.
This just goes to show that, just like how India made her own nuke, they need to develop things further for her own sake. We cannot expect favors from the world without expecting them to treat India like a lackey. Their constant comparison with Pakistan also indicates where they place us in their minds. You and I know that our policies are much different and have gone much ahead of where Pakistan is today or where it will sitting for a decade atleast... yet we are equated. China? It bodes well for China to keep Indian growth under their shoe. Clearly, every single individual of our country have to go back to their respective drawing boards, however insignificant they feel it is, and chart out a new future. As Dr. Kalam once said, "No one is going to listen to you if you are not powerful as a Nation."
Else Kashmir would be solved with not the best interests of India in mind?
When Kashmiri raise IS flags, one can understand that they have no idea about the world around them. Even the 'first Islamic State - Pakistan' is not Pro-IS or its ideologies, and tries to regularly cull such thoughts/opinions. Freedom of expression or rather kashmir's abuse of the same to rile India is extremely misguided and short-sighted. What do they really thing Kashmir will be like if its completely taken over by IS agenda? Nothing short of a desert.
He is talking about pakistan.
understandable...they brush their own flaws under the carpet. Anything coming from India will be thrown out into the sea.
So, do we also wait for the news how all of it was buried/destroyed because it was pre-islamic? I read a news where people were considering burying Indus-valley sites for the same reason. Ofcourse I appreciate greatly that the government/people in-charge did not let anything like that happen - helped preserve the world heritage site.
1. Because they (hindus) don't behave that way. 2. They behave as though they grudgingly accepted the changes.
Was in the news man. Some politician claiming to try and re-bury them. It was on On /r/Pak too a long time ago. Besides, from the reactions of people on /r/Pak, no one actually reads/studies about the sites in mainstream. Is it true? When posted of videos, most denizens seems quite surprised and have a "TIL" halo.
I meant 'to bury again' in modern times...(like less than 3-4 years ago). Some of Pak politician was quoted saying it. Ofcourse, I'll accept that nothing of that sort should happen... Its not like Pak is Afgh, where they destroy statues with cannons... =.=" I have not talked about what ended the civilization, etc.
"hindu reformers" were just a handful one could count them with the tips of their fingers. Their battle was with the society at large, and even now it is slow to change. Call it a boon or a bane; Although I am quite happy/proud/satisfied with Hinduism, it has had this characteristic slow evolution rate (But it does evolve!! Unlike most others!) Looking at families closely, I believe the reason is more so because people (or rather individuals) dont want to bear the burden/responsibility of a negative fallout of any change they accept (if any). Whence they are forced to change, they atleast have that excuse. In Christianity or other religions with proper heads, the onus and responsibility of fallouts for change would be on this....in a system like Hinduism, who bears this? The shoulders of the common man is too weak to courageously take a conscious decision to do so, until/unless situations forces them and leaves them no alternative. Common man thinks, "If a system has worked well for many many centuries, why change it." while the shastras decree, "Laws (Smritis) can be changed as per evolving times and societies..." Hence, on topic, yes, I do accept to a reasonable degree that so-called rationalists, etc have a reasonable argument when they say hindu society at large were less inclined to change, even for the good. Yet, I feel unless this root apprehension and doubts are cleanly addressed, any reformation would be extremely distasteful and lacking proper co-operation from the society at large.
I was of the opinion that most of Pakistani history taught was that which was only related/relevant to Pakistan (more or less). Meaning, none of the subjects that lauds Indian achievements.
What bullshit.
She's a celebrity - it is part of their jobs to be on the papers and do random publicity stunts- how they go about is it a matter of taste and debate. But none of that should cause her to feel insecure, unless she has done something extremely bad for national security/best interests of the people. If you feel anyone 'should feel insecure' and rather 'stay home' that try to be in the limelight, that's just bullshit. I am not saying her ways are wrong or right, but she must be allowed to act stupid if she wants to. The only thing she must fear/think about is criticism, not for her life. Am I more clear now?
What's a Hindu Ummah?
Start your own religion and then have a following.
How do they know 'at the behest of Pakistan'?
What if certain community or group in an area are really in a bad shape and are under represented? The other three also have their hearts in the right place.
OP probably feels, "Since he was regularly invited on the newshour debate with Arnub, he must be an idiot."
I believe this is a fake news? Looking at the source...rajnikant CID Jokes?
Have you seen the Hidden gandhi on the 500Re notes? Looks like a caricature by Laxman
IMO, most mangas with romance in them do that. Nozoki Ana was a nightmare for me, when it ended.
Decisive victories are very rare in modern warfare. Usually it's ceasefire agreements with tons of casualties and lost/gained but disputed land - again a painful political problem. I would not call them winning, personally.
Oh please...this only reminds us of the idiot moraji desai.
I skipped your reply. Understood. Here...take my upvote and go.
Holy...its only kulbushan yadav in every single article and report... and the evidence so dubious even. Do they know how many Pakistanis Indian security agencies catch in a single year? Imo the only reason the world listens to Pakistan, is because of its interests...none of its content. Pakistan could go around claiming india uses a unicorn emmitting saffron waterfall from its ass every single month and the world would nod, "Mm hmm, I am listening..." I feel sometimes The thing Pakistan does so successfully is delegitamize and trivialise India-pakistan issues successfully in the international forum.
Don't be ridiculous. If the SC - 5 nations do it, it's fine. Any other country does it, and the SC - 5 will sanction their asses for next two decades.
I tell them, "not giving anything to kids, you should be in school now"
Does it matter if you are a girl or guy?
We still do that in several countries
Nahi. Vietnam is also threatened by China's territorial expansionist ideology. India has practically lost 1/3rd of Jammu and Kashmir state to China's betrayal/designs and another one of its state is claimed Disputed by China in more recent times. India is helping Vietnam defend itself. Akash missiles have little potency in offence.
I think RSS head
Condemn.
Y'all from England complaining.... think of the colonies man. We had to learn stuff which even England limps with.
Well, that ending was quite different to the anime where mine dies.
The heck are you smoking bro?
How is this a TL;DR?
She is really pretty, Indian or not. Although its all "cover the face, ffudge the base"....in porn, the face is quite important.
Whats the problem? Give the Seperatists a new enemy to kill. That way India can call them terrorists and not just morcha waale seperatists and wipe them out. P.S: /s
I live in bangalore, but my language is not Kannada but tamil, but I completely support this. I mean, even I learned a bit of Punjabi and refined my Hindi when I went north so much that people though that I was a northie...but Delhiites when they go anywhere? No sir. Motherfuckers...lock them in the capital, they are a pain in the ass.
Truth be told, Bangalore was very friendly to everyone in the beginning. Was. Prolly the first influx of Northies fucked everything up.
How is this related to India?
For what they were allowed to maneuver they managed a decent job. The centre has tried to restrict in every single way, which is why he cried foul. Ofcourse a seasoned politician would work their way around it but BJP has a good grasp of control compared to anyone else...so its questionable. IMO, he needs more experience and a specially more freedom of movement. Delhi is usually greatly under the power of centre, so It would be not the best to judge AAP based on that alone.
The border between China and Pakistan is not our business, don't you think?
As long as they pick it up and dispose it thoughtfully.
So the ship of thesus paradox emerges?
Arry wah! Aljazeera with a positive news about india!?
No, OP is partly correct in her world view... as your view can be superimposed upon Religious ideologies and can cause more havoc. People should be educated but some people can use it (One's views) in the wrong sense as well. Its more of a case-by-case thing, like with Science, mostly yes. With other stuff...speculate. Kindly put an IMO before the start of your post.
Herpes should be the least of his worries.
Um...to the ignorant...how does 'going to the roadside prostitute work'? :/ what do ask them like? 'Mereko is position mein karna h?'
Ignore this guy, pcmasterrace.
Is it just me or is anyone else embrassed by using such force with a non-political entitity? (I.e: bussiness entitiy)
I can hear eurpore heiveing a sigh or relief.
I thought they had nearly 50pc of world's thorium... Did Congress manage to sell of 25pc? Lol
We keep reading it and what not... Why is there no scheme which says on a national level reported by farmers themselves: 1. Seeds bought 2. Amount planted 3. Expected yeild (as per historical databanks) 4. Actual yeild Before actual planting or growth themselves people will be forewarned what plant is being grown and which is expected to be surplus...so that farmers can change?
Sell it to an idiot who does not understand economics and easily ennamoured
