Duct tape
[If you don't give up, you will be surprised on how you may tie/win](http://prntscr.com/7bx98k) ^^backstory: There was another hacker, but he left at around 12:12, he had 27 kills (really bad wall hacker) the guy with 0 kills was at -1 kills the whole game until the last round, he was not AFK. Yes, I was the one who died to him :( He run n gunned me with an M4...
That's not what happened... The match was delayed because of ESEA messing up.
How is that a ninja defuse?
Oh, i was thinking of a different situation. However this is far, far different than just over sleeping or being late for a LAN. They were in the middle of a match, obv scheduling issues.
This basically has to be coincidence. Why? The new update. The new update patched networking invisible players (footstep range does not classify as invisible). This means, just like the wall hacks, there is no way the "aim lock" would have known that that CT was there, from such distance and with a wall in the way. EDIT: I worded it a bit wrong. I meant, that long distance wall hacks have been patched, so so has long distance accidental aim lock.
Male softball?
[at least give credit](http://www.reddit.com/r/GlobalOffensive/comments/3862nq/petition_to_rename_de_logs_to_de_forestation/crsz7p0)
Not to mention, the USP you had in your hand was to the guy who shot him in the head with the deagle.
If you toggle a really old detected cheat, you will get an "untrusted" ban almost immediately. Thought it eventually turns into a VAC ban once it syncs.
eew, pie
GG
Yes, yes it was. [Edit: proof](http://prntscr.com/7cwk3s)
Haha, i know right. Reddit sometimes. Lucky me I have plenty of comment Karma :) edit: When i provided proof to inevitably prove them wrong, I instantly started receiving up-votes
[just for you, I went and looked up his steam profile, as you can see it says GAME ban, meaning it is an OW ban](http://prntscr.com/7cwk3s)
The most well commonly known one, in which you stated, was not patched. And most likely never will, because it would hurt more than it would help. More legit people would get put into OW. Limiting hackers to 2 games/day is doing plenty of work already. (and it was 24 hours).
[Overwatch](http://prntscr.com/7cwk3s)
Why would you need sunglasses, if you are blind?
You can do this on D2.
To see how many people are crossing. ^Bots ^are ^people ^too
Oh nvm then, idk
thanks
He has Arthrogryposis
He probably thought he could get lots of Karma because that 1 shot looked like it was legit, but didn't realize the 4 lock-ons afterwards.
I fell asleep in class before, and when the teacher woke me up I said "But the terrorists are planting the bomb"
It's because this spin botter was still running. And since they patched no-spread, you have to fully stop running for your shots to be accurate.
This is about as accurate as you're going to get. Unless you measure your cheek hairs and beard hairs for us.
Yeah, that's illegal. You could have reported her to the board office and she would have gotten fired or transferred.
Be Right Back, jumping off a cliff.
There also wouldn't be any cases...
You got a screenshot of the 5-7 in game or in the inspect menu?
It just didn't cross my mind, when ever I saw some professional getting 100,000 Kills on his ST I wanted to be the first to get a 1,000,000. So I just hopped on an Idle server and started sprayin
Nope. I'm not trolling, I mean it doesn't really matter, but I just got trade banned out of no where. I didn't do anything abnormal,
Yeah and not to mention you only have to do it once.
What does the message look like though? (preferably OW and Player reports)
This is in a different language sorry, do I just hit the green button? I believe you have to do a series of holding the home and off button, but am afraid that when I hit the button of it is still in (Chinese?) [Screenshot](http://prntscr.com/7g0vnx) EDIT: Nevermind, clicked the button, this was incredible easy t han k you
$20 a game? Can I make that my full time job?
As long as the hacker isn't just flat out griefing the server ruining it for every one, I really don't mind. If he is flying around in a car, so what? I go on about my business and they go on about there's. I still report all hackers I just don't really care much for them. Though, I extremely freaking hate it when they give me billions of dollars.
You only have to do it one time. Ever.
I do that with spin botters
So you have to buy an expensive gun in order to complete the operation?
combo breaker
Do you have I-Tunes? Have you read all of the Terms and Conditions for that?
I still, don't think they put psychologists and all of their best designers to type in a few numbers, add a transparent back ground, right click, click "send to back" then drag the 2 sets of numbers side by side, and happen to be off by a few pixels.
I feel sad that you only went up to 80 hours/week. I average 120+hrs /week :'(
And my point, is that they are not going to get a psychologist, and the world best game designers to make such a simple UI piece.
Usually around 12, how ever I do pull full 24/hrs often. Only this much in summer though,
Yeah I'm sub 18. My parents don't really care how long I spend on video games. I really do not have anything else to do, just recently moved out of state so I have no friends here yet.
Casual gives you the most EXP. Other than Comp. And untill you are level 3 you can't play Comp.
I did, several months later I'm LEM. I didn't play any casual till I was about MG
Yes, I showed it to her a while back, she plays a lot in her free time
Haha, I did something similar in COD once, a long time ago. I was trying out a new gun (I was very young, pls ignore stupidity) wanted to see if it was fully automatic, so I looked at a wall and shot, and it said I got a head shot through the wall on the killfeed
Umm, no.
If you sing a song to GabeN to the enemies during warm up, and you get a bot on your team, the bot starts spin botting and you win :D
Is that supposed to be a counter argument? We still shouldn't have to rely on external services to play the game. Especially having to pay extra $ monthly in order to do this.
Because, the better the default game is, the more noob friendly it is, the more money Valve gets.
I got scared when I clicked on the Youtube link and he said "This is doctor Levi" Because my name is Levi...
Way to make the picture as big as possible
The only reason VAC bans are delayed, is to catch more people, and makes using public cheats more risky. Think of it this way, if I wanted to cheat, I could go to a cheating forum, find a popular post with 300,000 views that is still active, and every time I use it I go to see if there are a lot of comments saying "DETECTED", before I use them. Though, since VAC bans are delayed, the cheat can be detected for 2 weeks prior to the VAC bans, causing any one that used it in the past 2 weeks to get banned. [yes there is a cheat with that many views, and the post says it uses a different injection method causing it to stay undetected, despite it being sigged](http://prntscr.com/7i061t) Essentially, a VAC bypass.
Yeah, Valve is just full of it. If it isn't reports / game, and it isn't reports / day, then what is it? This is probably the most stupid thing I have ever heard come out of a Valve employee's, well, fingers.
To what?
Cevo's skill level is pretty low, and ESEA I don't trust/not willing to pay for such a guy named Kane to have access to my PC 24/7
Can I not trust who I want on the internet without being flamed? No? OK. Especially a guy named Kane, who has took part in bit coin mining in the past, is not reliable, bans people for replying to him in a different language, when someone points out an idiotic move they made he bans them for "malicious activity", and I am not going to pay this guy.
Oh you mean decoy?
What was the most awkward guitar lesson session have you ever had?
How do you sneak into the theater with the correct equipment in odder to record the movie?
Hahaha, Sorry for the odd question, i mis-read the title and thought you said you were a guitar teacher. Still a great answer though xD
looks awfully hot to me
They want to have a fair and fun game. Getting stomped and the top fragger has 65 kills, is not fun. When I was a silver, I hated smurfs and thought it was why I was stuck in Silver. Of course it wasn't,
Also listen, when bhopping if you hear 2 foot steps when you land, you missed it, if you hear 1, you hit it perfectly. He hit every single bhop perfectly, 14 times in a row. With terrible strafes and an M4 out, this is just flat out impossible. Also Frankie is just terrible at the game, his crosshair placement throughout the rest of the video was so freaking bad, not one time did I see him aim head level. He always looks for Ant's.
I watched that within a few hours of it coming out. And I did not see him 1v1'ing Friberg, and I would think I remember that. I am a FrankieOnPCIn1080p fan and all, and there is no doubt he is b-hop scripting in that clip, but he did not, 1v1 Friberg and completely destroy him...
This is the internet, you really don't know where the Porn is? Kappa
Or Comic Sans
It is only the first time you go to check community servers.
That's impressive.
Yeah I looked at a road sign, and the joke just came to me.
Yeah, McDonalds sign's can have a double meaning.
Ya caught me, I looked at a joke book and added a couple underscores :(
[DOTA 2 vs CSGO](http://prntscr.com/7ljia8)
oh haha. So you got any life stories to tell me ;)
Never looked for Dota 2. Doesn't seem like a game that I'd like.
Why go through all of that trouble when all you have to do is shove a thumb tack in the middle of your screen?
But if you don't shoot, you don't miss, yet you also don't hit. So you do not miss 100% of shots you don't shoot.
And how is this an Anti-Joke? Not even a joke. Just a really bad story
&gt; Wow! The second one was NUTS! Where are we?
I don't know, I heard VAC can detect red and blue ink.
I mean I can tell the center of my monitor just fine without the crosshair. That's just me tho
Did I say I was? I couldn't care less if someone I was playing against was using a crosshair, as I can just tell the center of my monitor which is quite easy to do. I'm also not that bad with cl_crosshair 0
It worked for me
Tell her that you will break up with her if she doesn't give you the skin. (Same way I dated girls in the first grade for gum)
Were they comfy?
&gt; innocents and children Pointing guns at strangers is not innocent. And I couldn't even understand what you were talking about about the Dear and Roof thing.
[Source, I mean it happened in China](http://liderxeber.az/9179.html) Not from a movie, i don't know how reliable this Chinese news source is though.
I'm not claiming it is real, I just got it off of a Chinese news source. I'm just saying the possibility of it being real/fake is 50/50
Lol, I meant it is from a Chinese news source. Still not from a movie though, possibly just a publicity stunt.
I agree it's probs just a publicity stunt, but real enough to get on a Chinese news source. I'm just saying it's a 50/50 chance it is real or fake, not definitely fake.
Yeah, I agree. My point is just that isn't 100% for sure fake, crazier stuff has happened and there are some awesome people out there.
You are such a troll
No, just messing around.
Yes you were, stfu
