Nope. I have yet to be in any, although I have filmed some police doing traffic stops. They had zero interest in me. Which I guess is actually a good thing.
I think I remember reading it does have something to do with their State Constitution that allowed them to have a specific dual purpose checkpoint. I am not sure where I remember hearing about it though.
I remember my test and i backed halfway into the spot and the guy said that was good enough and to move on. I was like uhh ok.
It is understandable to be angry if the thing is flying around your backyard and possibly videoing your family. I guess the question is, how is airspace defined over ones personal property?
Check the other video. They follow him in his car and then pull him over after claiming he didnt stop completely at a stop sign. They also immediately open his door when they walk up.
I'm a bit perplexed at the downvotes against a few of the people because there are certainly times, for example, during a trial where you have waived your 5th or during a court proceeding where it does not apply. Now technically I suppose you could still refuse to answer questions or make statements in those situations, but it could have an adverse effect.
[Part 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RWsAVbxzpos) of him being arrested, handcuffed, then unarrested. [Part 3](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bhdQR5_L124) being finally told to leave the property.
/r/ttotm is leaking.
I have to assume the keys thing falls under the "officer safety" umbrella.
I was going to do a text post on this issue but I'll just write it here. Is an accident scene treated the same as a police call to investigate a criminal complaint in terms of giving statements? Do insurance carriers require you give a statement about what took place in the accident? Is it still best to just say you don't have anything to say?
It should really be as simple as "I will consult with my lawyer before I givea statement on the accident". And as far as the confiscation of keys goes, that has been done in other videos on what appears to be a routine traffic stop. They will simply say that it is ok to seize them because they are worried you may drive off (endangering the public), or use it as a weapon (theirs and others safety).
I know that the casino's I've been to, that you have to fill out tax forms if you win over a certain amount of money. I am not sure when it involves a situation like this guys where he is being asked to leave for counting cards. It would seem more reasonable that they want his ID so they can have him trespassed but initially it seems the sole reason they want his ID is because they suspect he counted cards and want to know who he is before they cash him out and tell him to not come back.
Yeah [here is the article](http://www.nj.com/eagles/index.ssf/2015/06/does_chip_kelly_lecture_in_2008_explain_eagles_swa.html). Innes is just doing some racial trolling. You can almost hear it in his voice. Race talk makes for lots of calls.
He is. The entire bit is fake racial outrage to get listeners fired up and call in.
Was the rationale that he could have been mentally disturbed?
Could this be the EMS News guy from youtube? I am 99% sure he had the video of him being involved with filming the radar van. And interestingly enough, his videos are no longer available without having permission to view.
A few of my friends are teachers and movie day usually means they are hungover.
I just realized it wouldn't look very professional if they ever had to give "HurricaneSandyHook" credit for finding videos.
He had some great videos. I have a feeling he made them private while this lawsuit stuff is being panned out.
I always try to include a news article if available. Most of the time there just isn't any though because the video is too new. People do downvote strangely though. Do bots downvote in smaller subs like this?
I think sometimes people are prepared to exercise their rights but then encounter police that also know the law and act appropriately. The encounter suddenly goes in a direction the citizen is not prepared for. The only thing I can see him being upset about is that they are photographing his license plate and likely will run the tag. I am pretty sure though that the police can run anyone's tag whenever they want as long as they are not doing so as part of some personal reason.
This guy is notorious for holding up signs that say motherfucker. I heard him call into a radio show before about a previous incident with police. I think he would have a better case if he just held up his sign instead of yelling. Even not saying curse words can get you arrested for disorderly conduct if the cops are bored and decide your yelling is causing others within earshot any sort of alarm. Seen that a million times on Campus PD.
I can see them increasing the structural integrity of a dick.
Especially liked this because the trooper asked about a license but didn't demand to see it. He may have known the guy was filming but still good work on both parties part.
There is also the possibility that state troopers are more educated than the run of the mill town and city cop. I like to think they know more of how to behave but they also likely know of all the videos that exist and what the guy "is trying to do".
I know some people don't agree with me on this, but there are questions you can answer that are not going to be incriminating. If you know you have a valid license, saying you do isn't going to hurt you.
I do think that if a person is worried they are not prepared to deal with the police, then don't talk at all unless you are being detained and have to give your identifying information in the state you live in.
I've thought about this and I believe if I ever have to tell a cop that I don't want to talk to them, I am going to go with something that gets the point across yet also deflects some "asshole" sounding statement in the cops mind. I am thinking "I will not speak any further on the advice of my attorney." They may now not be sure if you are "one of those youtube people" or actually following legal advice from counsel.
Must have just happened overnight. I did hear in it that other people were filming so I will keep an eye out for alternate views of the incident.
[Article](http://minnesota.cbslocal.com/2015/06/03/new-brighton-woman-says-police-are-harassing-her/). I posted the youtube video because it mentions at the very end that the last time they showed up, they just walked right in the house.
I was going to skip in the link but I figured people would be interested in knowing that he contacted the PD about the event.
Let's sue OP for being a serial reposter and try to get Reddit even more press coverage and traffic due to the frivolousness.
I couldn't tell if that person just didn't read or was being a simple troll. Some people read only the headline or opening paragraph and go right to the comments with what they *think* the story is about.
[Part 3](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LuFfULiTC2Y). nothing exciting but his crazy aunt says something pretty sad/laughable.
*Baker said Rupeka was under arrest for disorderly conduct, though he was later charged with having an obstructed view, resisting arrest and obstruction of governmental administration.* The obstructed view charge was obviously added after the fact because the cop knew he royally fucked up the RAS/PC for the stop.
i just checked and someone did and it was downvoted. it only has one comment and those people are pretty damn serious over in that sub: Well, he isn't 501st, so I would wager they made the right call. That kit is horrible. Even Rubies doesn't make crap like that.
Oh. Then I must have seen a repost because it was at zero. Someone that said they used to live in that city made this comment: The reality is the principal called 911 and the police pretty much had to arrest the guy once that happened. Lynn police are very easy going, but sometimes their hands are tied. ooook then
Johnny Rebel
How many hits with a bat before the punishment for purse snatching is fulfilled? This is important to know if ever in either persons place.
[discussion thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmIFreeToGo/comments/31m65k/owensboro_kentucky_police_violate_rights/) on this video if anyone is interested.
You are right. In fact he should have been summarily executed.
They seemed to be using that in a very tricky manner to try and get the guy to take the FST's. I take that as yes, you must stop and "submit" to the checkpoint, but that has nothing to do with remaining silent or refusing to take any pre-arrest sobriety tests.
I have to admit that I giggled at his reason for wanting to talk to them. As for the blinds being put down, is it against the law for a citizen to use those radar or FLIR devices, that the police and fbi use, to look into a public building like that sheriffs office? That would make a great video if they drop the blinds and the cameraman hits a button to flip to some other form of filming.
I thought about the speaker system before but also wondered what they would do if you wore those yellow nighttime glasses at a dui checkpoint. Window never rolled down and they cannot clearly see your eyes. This would be an interesting test to conduct but you likely would end up arrested anyway. Would be great to try if you have a disposable income. This is something I'd love to do if I hit the lottery.
Or, as we saw in the first match of the fighting pits this episode, Jorah turns into an uncontrollable half dragon half man, breathes fire and looks terrifyingly huge, and Tyrion casually chops off his head.
What about using the phrase for a girl that wants you to talk dirty to her but that is all you can come up with on the spot?
I give the kid extra credit for using the soap or whatever it was as a blinding agent at the end of part 2.
I thought Vanessa was going to bring John after Ethan told her he couldn't attend. That may have ended an actual bloodbath involving his arm through Victor's chest.
hahaha this one did leave me a little stumped as to why. I can understand the entire post since the link is now dead, but the video is everywhere now and people can find it easily.
In case you missed it, [here is the story &amp; video](http://petapixel.com/2015/06/05/firefighters-try-to-shoot-down-camera-drone-with-their-hoses/)
[This is the only way I've ever dressed when I've gone to Disney](http://i.imgur.com/y368QqN.jpg). (Slightly NSFW)
[2nd one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5UaQKmNtGMU)
I hope it isn't a reposter account. I figured it being a few years old and not having many views, it may have been missed being posted here.
Ahh ok. Usually someone comes along and figures out the original. I don't think it is a big deal if it is a reposter, if the video is old and hasn't been seen by many people.
They would fail anyway because everyone is still clinging to them and their bibles.
This was a strange one because on one hand, as you mentioned, he is obviously breaking the law by soliciting fares but they also tell him to leave the property, and then proceed to block his car in and stand around for several minutes trying to do who knows what. Also, if any Uber drivers are in this sub, why would you need to solicit fares when people just use the App to hire you? Is business slow for him so he wants to just try to grab some customers that may be unaware of the service?
[this article](http://www.thewire.com/national/2013/04/boston-door-to-door-searches-legal/64461/) is more mainstream and basically says the raids were legal and people did not have to stay in their homes. That I guess is a point of contention based on the police presence and their actions. An interesting part of the article reads: It seems unlikely that many residents of Watertown felt like exploring that particular legal nuance by refusing the police entry. Nor is it not clear if any did; a spokesman for the Watertown police department didn't answer a question to that effect.
The alleged bicyclist responded in a different sub. [link](https://www.reddit.com/r/washingtondc/comments/396g0p/found_this_on_bike_dc_delaware_cop_threatens_dc/cs0ucyr)
That is definitely one of those things where a person may act differently than normal. I am very active in /r/amifreetogo so I see videos of people having their rights violated all the time. I know it is a cliche but if people don't exercise their rights, the lose them. That being said, I cannot 100% say that I would refuse consent in an active manhunt of that magnitude. Another option people have is simply not answering the door. If the police are going to come in, they are going to come in.
I saw that but then saw the youtube summary. Sometimes the date on the video is wrong as well so I couldn't be certain.
I believe he had his cell phone on him. I was getting really nervous they would just start going through it when they realized he was willing to take this all the way.
I remember looking at a National Geographic back in the day at school and finding some jungle tribe section with a picture of a 6 or 7 year old child with 2 cocks. I made sure to show that to as many people as I could. I think i cut out the page and kept it but I have no idea where it is all these years later.
I'd assume he would while out doing this test but one can never be certain. It almost would be better NOT to have it locked in a situation like this. They would be piling on to the already existing lawsuit if they started going through it.
Chimpout exists here as well.
[Does this Spiderman video help?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-yIvxZ_5ekA)
Don't underestimate the police departments lawyers. They will do and twist everything they can if it goes to a civil trial. Prepare for claims of "the current terrorism threat", "anti-law enforcement sentiment", "filming their private vehicles for xyz"....
I just watched all of Enterprise again on Netflix. My question is, would the crew of Enterprise browse /r/picsofhorsevaginas between fighting the Xindi, Suliban, Augments, Romulans, Terra-Prime(ians), etc?
Lee vs. The Ancients &amp; Ori
Ondy Rochter
This goes beyond the cops. The DOT has the info set up whatever way on his DL that it causes police dispatch to also give out the wrong information. If the dispatcher tells the cop that his entire license is coming back "disqualified" or suspended or whatever they want to call it, it isn't the cops job to start asking the dispatcher to check with this person and that person to make sure it is right.
In case anyone is new here, I compiled a list of [All 50 States DL Display Laws](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmIFreeToGo/comments/2fp4jq/specific_laws_for_all_50_states_regarding/) a while back.
It was so long ago I don't remember how I found it. It had something to do with AIM.
No problem. That took me over 12 hours to finish but it is for a good cause. I will do another one lazy sunday.
I might be out there on this point, but I couldn't care less about words that some people consider "bad". It is so stupid that we place emphasis and highlight certain words just because people one day decided it wasn't appropriate to say. What I didn't like anout the video is the physical violence the kid is showing toward her doll. That is what should be addressed first and foremost.
In one video where police turned cameras so they couldn't be filmed during a raid, they later said it was done in case "other people" were watching the feed and plotting to show up and attack them....
This might not sounds politically correct, but you'd have to literally have an makeup artist paint you brown. Sad that race is the obvious catalyst to many of his illegal detainments.
A cheaper and simple method would to just put on a turban while filming.
It was very recent because even when Ferguson was going on, it wasn't on the books. I remember checking for Open Carry laws in Missouri during that and it was insane how pockmarked this one map was of the different towns and cities that had different rules regarding it.
I hear this argument all the time and all I can do is shake my head. If they don't want people open carrying, then they can change the law. Don't blame the citizens for exercising the rights the government gave them.
RIP Travis :-(
The new ice bucket challenge....successfully finish fapping to never gonna give you up.
something about shoving my pistil in her stamen
Get that child a medal and DNA test if it suffered from SIDS....
Cops cannot just go up to anyone they want in a car and ask for your DL if no law has been broken. There could be an argument that they could demand her ID if they actually had seen her going in or trying to get in the vacant house as the caller claimed.
Notice she never said she liked her fucking whore doll either.
Is there an explanation of how "more money" would have made her flying away look better?
Ahh ok. I was genuinely interested because I see a lot of people talking about it but never get an actual reason why it is that way. It is obvious that "more money" can make things better but I was just wondering about the technical dynamics behind the reasoning.
It is almost sad to listen to that cop racking his brain trying to come up with reasons to make the stop lawful. It goes from making sure the driver is ok to suspicious activity to failure to maintain a lane to careless driving. I may be missing some hahaha.
I live in the USA and there is still a bar in my area that charges 1 dollar for a pint for the major brands like miller, coors, and bud.
Anyone know the protocol for tipping when it comes to the actual owner working behind the bar?
What if she says those words to King White Walker dude?!
This is one of those weird things that I can understand them needing to inventory a vehicle before it is impounded so the owner cannot claim something was taken that was never there in the first place. On the other hand, you are screwed if they find anything illegal.
I believe he was driving on a suspended license. It's just an interesting exception where not giving consent for them to go through your car does not matter. That being said, I imagine the law on this issue only gives them a certain latitude on what they can do as far as looking through a vehicle. Obviously an inventory check wouldn't include them searching behind your door panels and stuff like that.
Jurassic Annihilation: Dinosaurs vs. Tremors vs. Critters vs. Ghoulies.
It's times like that where recipes from [cookingwithcum](http://cookingwithcum.com/) come in handy.
also, dr. bashir is sitting in a wheelchair instead of transporting his troops around the world to seize power.
He is pointing out the stupidity of asking every person passing through if they are a US citizen when the true scope of the checkpoints is to have the dogs find contraband.
Maybe just a half-hearted rimjob to get things started?
That is crazy! I'd love if there is more information on this subject. I suppose all a person can do is make sure they are recording and tell them they do not consent anyway.
Ok that is splitting hairs but you are right that you can walk up and ASK anyone for ID. They cannot just walk up and demand ID when there is no RAS/PC. And the police cannot force me to give my ID just because someone calls 911 and says they think I am suspicious walking down the street. Even in stop &amp; ID states, they cannot lawfully ID someone who is suspicious unless they believe the person has or is about to commit a crime. Being suspicious is not a crime. The problem is that if you are arrested for failure to ID, a judge would likely side with the police on whatever RAS they allege they have, since the threshold is so low.
