There are deloads, where you reduce intensity for a while (eg, 60% for a week) and then go back to where you were before. This is useful to allow more complete recovery without detraining. Then there are resets, where you reduce your working weight (eg, -10%) and re-progress from there. This is useful for getting through plateaus. You're trying to use a reset where you'd usually use a deload. If you need a deload week, take one. Likewise, if you want to use smaller increments, do that. Or if you've milked all you can from a linear progression, switch to something else. But one of the best ways to cheat yourself out of progress is to deliberately avoid it. Don't reset just because it's difficult; it's supposed to be difficult. The thing about linear progression in the novice phase is that the brain lies to you: the point when you start thinking "no way can I keep adding weight every session like this" is long before you *actually* can't do it. Also, missing reps is fine. The program is designed to allow that to happen. Practice failing safely for bench/squat if you don't already know how.
&gt;Your arm muscles are exerting a (roughly) downwards acting force aren't they? No. Put a bar on your back, and step on a scale. Note the reading. Now pull on the bar as hard as you like. See if the scale reading changes. Technically yes, the hands are exerting a downward force *on the bar*. But we don't care about the bar, we care about the combined bar-and-lifter system. By Newton's Third Law, the bar is exerting an exactly equal upward force on your hands, so the net force on the bar-lifter system is zero. Simultaneously, there is a normal (contact) force from your back onto the bar, which prevents the bar from accelerating downward as your hands pull on it. The contact force from the bar onto your back prevents you from being accelerated upwards as the bar pulls on your hands. These forces again cancel out for a net force of zero on the system. It's the same reason you can't levitate by pulling on your own bootstraps. Forces internal to a system never generate net force on the system, because this would violate Newton's Third Law and also the conservation of momentum.
Yes. Muscle gain/loss has a lot more fiddly bits than total weight gain/loss, so it's harder to make absolute statements of the form "Eat/do X and your muscle mass will change by amount Y", but protein intake along with resistance training will favorably affect the ratio of muscle to fat gained or lost.
Retaining your strength while losing weight and not lifting is definitely decent. After four months of not lifting, you haven't been stuck at this weight for months, you've been *not lifting* for months and are lucky to not be starting from scratch. But if you can bench 115 for 8 reps, there's just no way you can't get a single rep at 120. When would you usually decide to add weight?
Or just plain peanut butter eaten with a spoon. The effort-to-calorie ratio is hard to beat.
It's not the same exercise. A trap bar deadlift is a different movement, and uses muscles differently, as the article you linked describes. Also, plenty of gyms just plain don't have specialty bars. And if you want to avoid bloody shins, long socks are a hell of a lot cheaper than a trap bar.
There's no trick. You just have to get leaner. There might also be an expectation problem, here. [This guy](http://images.sodahead.com/polls/004041743/34475830_getting_a_6_pack_abs_xlarge.jpeg) is pretty frequently cited as a goal physique. If he were just a bit less lean, that Adonis belt would look like love handles, even though most of the bulge comes from muscles, not fat. As long as your handles are getting less grabbable over time, you're doing OK. For most guys, they're one of the last things to go.
Getting stronger helps you get bigger, too. Yeah, high-rep bodybuilding stuff is great for hypertrophy, but 20 reps at 135 isn't going to do you as much good as 20 reps at 315.
This is in some cases possible, but generally not reproducible, and almost never worth trying for specifically. You can lose five pounds in maybe a month. Trying to recomp five pounds could have you spinning your wheels for a year *and maybe not even succeeding*. It's fat. You want it gone. Your scale weight is meaningless; who gives a shit if it decreases when you lean down?
&gt;Should I just focus on ONLY eating until I get more mass (around 22 lb heavier) or just eat while also regularly lifting? Lift. Gaining weight without lifting will be mostly fat. In general, you should never stop lifting unless you are literally unable to (eg, sick or injured). &gt;Is 2300 calories a day a good goal or should it be lower/higher? Doesn't really matter. Try it for a few weeks, see what happens, and adjust from there. &gt;Protein powder or weight/mass gainer - or do I not need it yet? They're just food. If you want a drinkable source of protein or calories, use them. They're never *necessary*, but sometimes useful. &gt;Any tips for trying to eat more than you can as a skinny person? Calorie-dense foods. Liquid calories. /r/gainit has lots of good recipes for gainer shakes. &gt;Is it better to work on one body part per day (30-40 mins on arms) or multiple per day (10mins Shoulder, 10 Chest, 10 Arms, 10 Legs)? Follow a real program. Some good ones are in the wiki. Beginners are generally not qualified to design their own.
I'd wondered why I couldn't find potassium supplements in useful doses. Great post.
Yeah, just like you're destroying your joints when you lift. The difference is, a few hours per week of stress on the joints is recoverable; perpetual stress is just detrimental.
Be warned that, with belts, you get what you pay for. A $20 belt will fall apart sooner or later. A real quality (leather, thick, non-tapered) belt is more like $80-120, but is durable enough that you can leave it to your grandson in the will. I can't personally attest to the quality of Rogue belts, but they look like they should be good. I have an Inzer, and it's great. I've also heard good things about BestBelts and EliteFTS. If you want a belt *now* and only have $20, I see lots of people with Valeos, so they must be decent.
This is [not true](http://www.strengtheory.com/the-belt-bible/). Belt use makes you stronger in both the short and long term.
Yes, I picked that because it was the most optimistic possible setting. "Average genetics" has you at 153. "Hardgainer" estimates 142. Are you putting in the wrong height or something? 5'5" is 65 inches.
Yeah, I would not want to try it for the first time while in the dark. Unrelatedly, definitely do practice "failing" on purpose with light weights sometime before you actually need it. Being stuck in the hole with an attempted max on your back is not the time to figure it out either.
http://www.reddit.com/r/Fitness/wiki/getting_started#wiki_adding_exercise
A whey protein shake, with carrot sticks on the side. Liquid calories are, IMX, pretty low in satiety. (There's a reason we always recommend them to the skinny guys who can't eat enough.) But if she's set on that, you could try adding psyllium husk.
The common beginner progression is to add five pounds every workout. It doesn't really matter what progression scheme you use, as long as you have one and it isn't insanely slow.
/r/leangains is more in love with meal plans and exact macro counts than any other community I've seen. They still do consistency, they just treat workout days and rest days differently, which is at least sort of justifiable. By comparison, there's no clear reason to eat differently on weekdays and weekends.
RDV for sodium is what, 2500mg? Yes, some seasonings have a lot, but not so much they're unusable in moderation, and other seasonings don't have that problem anyway. Just be careful not to use more than 833 servings of that curry powder, and he'll be fine.
1. No, it means 90% of your 5RM. Volume day sets are not supposed to be max-effort, or else you'd never get through five sets across. Even at 90% they're pretty brutal; you might want to start with 85% and adjust from there. 2. Yes. Recovery day is lighter, because it's a recovery day. 3. Up to you. If you're interested in powerlifting, you should probably not alternate, because bench is a competition lift and press isn't. If you're training for general strength, alternating is fine.
"Hip drive" is a cue Rippetoe seems to love, but it never did anything useful for me. Don't stress over it.
Protein shits are hard to miss.
If you do anything that involves grip strength, you're training forearms, which is how all those people got them by just "training seriously". I agree that most people don't need isolation work for it.
I do specific forearm training to strengthen my grip. But I'm drawing a distinction here between "exercises that involve the forearms" and "exercises that are specifically intended to hit the forearms and nothing else". Every program should include the former; not everyone needs the latter. Likewise on isolation work for rear delts, obliques, calves, biceps, quads, or any other single muscle group.
Generally, your pump today will be your normal in a few months, assuming decent progress. You'll never be permanently pumped, though. Trying to look like your pump is kind of chasing a carrot on a stick.
Depending on your lifts so far, you might just not need very much core activation yet. But when you have twice your bodyweight on your back, your core is active. Also, belt use makes a big difference. My abs got sore just from squatting and deadlifting when I started using a belt (and no, it wasn't just bruising from belt itself).
If I suddenly sprout a lei, it's definitely time to stop bulking.
&gt;So why would legs bulk and arms not? Your arms are lifting 60 lbs, your legs are lifting 245.
I wouldn't usually classify protein bars as a supplement. If it has significant calorie content, it's food. If it doesn't, it's a supplement.
If you haven't lifted in a few weeks, some detraining is expected. This is why programs use deload weeks to deal with fatigue, instead of just taking the week off.
Whether a given amount of work is overtraining depends on your work capacity. If you feel constantly fatigued, or if your progress is stagnating, you might be overtraining. You can also just try cutting back for a week or two and see if you do better that way.
I did Stronglifts for about 6 months before going on to intermediate programming. The last couple months of that involved a great deal of deloading and very little progress, which was what prompted me to switch. My OHP was the first to stall, since I missed a rep on the very first day at 45 pounds (mostly due to taking very short rest periods; forcing myself to wait at least 90 seconds between sets was very helpful at the time). It was also the first exercise to require a deload, at I think 70 pounds, and had a very undulating progression afterward, gaining 5-10 more pounds before deloading and working back up to a new max. My squat required a deload at 145 due to form issues, and again somewhere around 185, and then I deloaded several times at 215. I didn't get past 215 until moving to a different program. I don't recall details on the other lifts, but they mostly followed a similar pattern to the squat: a couple of deloads with significant progress in between, and then an eventual plateau. I'm 5'9" and started Stronglifts at 188 pounds, cut down to 170, and then bulked a little from there.
Looking big is about leanness at least as much as size. A lot of the really ripped guys you see in photos are actually pretty normal or even small when you put them next to another person, but their muscles stand out so much more that they appear larger. In any case, anything happening over the course of a single month is not a major change, so there's not much to explain. And strength can increase without necessarily changing size.
There's not really any special trick. More volume, heavier weight, and patience.
I'm a 24 member. When I got a new card, I forgot to update the auto-payments with the new number, and found out only when I went to the gym and couldn't check in due to a lapsed membership. So an invalid card is definitely sufficient to end your membership payments. I don't know exactly how it relates to the contract, but I find it hard to imagine they could do anything if your card expires and you stop going. The only possible recourse would be to send a collection agency after you, and I don't know how they would justify doing that, since you don't actually owe them any money.
Some kind of row or pulling movement(s), to help balance out all that pressing. I'm pretty skeptical about whether tacking 18 extra work sets onto the end of every workout is a good idea.
1 km in 5 minutes is 12 km in 60 minutes.
With those numbers, intermediate programming is probably appropriate. For a 3-day program, I'd recommend Texas Method, although there are plenty of other good ones as well.
For a novice or early intermediate, 5/3/1 progresses very slowly and has low frequency on the main lifts. This will be even more true if you're only running it 3 days per week instead of 4. It's possible to modify the program to work around these things, but this can be said of any program.
No. Unless you are recovering from some kind of injury, it is pretty much never useful to stop lifting. For weight loss, optimizing your diet will have much greater returns than optimizing your workout.
That's reasonable, yes. The general formula is: enough protein (according to whichever rule of thumb you like), 20-30% of calories from fats, and everything else carbs. If by "clean bulk" you mean you want to minimize fat gain, calorie intake is more important than macro ratios. A 1000-calorie surplus is going to put on a significant fraction as fat, no matter what macros you use to get there. A good target is usually 2-4 pounds per month, which is a daily surplus of 250-500 calories. At age 16 and as a beginner(?) you might get away with something more aggressive, but YMMV.
Whether you exercise or not is *critically important*. If you don't lift, bulking is useless. And up to a point, the harder you work, the better. This doesn't necessarily mean you should mess with a routine that's been working for 6 months, but a calorie deficit is a recovery deficit, so you might find that you have the ability to do a lot more now than you did while losing weight. Work hard, don't get sloppy, and trust the process. Good luck.
Unless you're very skinny, getting better curves will probably have more to do with building the underlying muscles than just packing on fat. Fat just sits there inertly, muscle has shape and contour. This is why even fitness models who are very lean still have thighs and backsides that look very feminine, while overweight butts tend to be droopy and flat.
Also, you can't burn off just the fat you don't want. Spot reduction is a myth, because again, there's nothing you can do to determine where fat gets stored on your body.
Protein powder is just a kind of food. It's not particularly special in any way, other than being especially high in protein, and it is hardly unique in this either. When someone tells you that protein powder is evil/useless/critically important/etc, think about how you'd regard someone saying the same thing about bread. If it sounds stupid or alarmist, it probably is.
There is AFAIK no decent belt that does both. Spend your money on a real belt; holding dumbbells between your feet is free. If you can do dips or pullups with enough weight that becomes impractical, buy a few feet of chain and a carabiner from a hardware store, and that's your dip belt.
You're probably much stronger and/or much lighter than your friends, then. Cheating on depth or clearance can artificially inflate your rep count, but not by that much.
A leg *press* is not at all the same as a leg *extension* machine.
Some advise against training to failure, and there's merit in that, but failure isn't *so* terrible that you should pathologically avoid it. If you never fail a rep, you're probably not training hard enough. You can't push your limits without touching them.
We can accurately measure body fat. Autopsies allow very high precision. To be slightly less snarky, DEXA and underwater weighing are quite accurate. The problem is that there's no accurate *and easy* way to measure body fat, and this is completely unsurprising, since a reliable measurement requires *actually measuring* something, which means you have to somehow examine the composition of the entire body, not just take a skinfold test at three locations.
Diet soda is fine. Aspartame is one of the most-studied substances on the planet; if it were poisonous, we'd have noticed by now. But getting most of your fluid intake from diet soda is pathological. Aspartame isn't poison, but it does have some effect on insulin; soda is also not great for teeth. I used to tell myself I had a sweet tooth, too. It was an excuse. Drink more water, you'll save money.
You're confused because you have the wrong idea of what bulking and cutting do. You should lose little or no strength while cutting; frequently you will even gain strength, just more slowly. If you track your [Wilks score](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wilks_Coefficient), you should find that it increases due to your dropping bodyweight, even if your lifts regress a little. If your Wilks is decreasing, you're cutting wrong. The other thing is that you should be spending WAY less than half of your time cutting. In a year, you don't spend 6 months bulking and 6 months cutting. You can cut fat faster than you can build muscle, and only some of the weight you gain while bulking needs to be cut, since you obviously don't want to cut away the muscle mass you've gained. If you bulk for 10 months (gaining 20 pounds), you can cut for 2 months (losing 10 pounds) and be right back at your starting level of body fat, except with +10 pounds of muscle. So you can have 10 months of training with the full benefit of a calorie surplus (plus maybe some progress during your cut) if you bulk and cut, or 12 months at maintenance if you don't. Eating a lot is *really really important* for adding strength and size, so bulking is usually the better plan.
If you consider it a main lift, program it like a main lift. There's nothing special about bench press that makes it benefit from percentage-based rep schemes more than a row would.
Without more info, it's hard to give any advice more specific than "eat less and be patient".
http://www.davidhorne-gripmaster.com/basics.html
DOMS is mostly a response to *new* stimulus, so keep working your calves regularly and this shouldn't happen again. For the same reason, when you do something new, don't do a ton of it the first time, and the DOMS won't be so bad. For now: stretch, foam roll or get somebody to rub them for you, maybe try ice or heat. Do some very light calf work to get blood pumping; this is counterintuitive but usually helps.
With that much strength loss, I'd be very surprised if it isn't mostly mental. Losing strength while cutting is common, but 40% is insane. Alternately, bench usually benefits from high volume and frequency, but during a cut you might just be benching too much. If you're constantly fatigued, that would definitely impact strength. If this is the problem, reducing volume/frequency should improve things within a week or two.
"Lift with your legs, not with your back" has always been the five-second version for people who don't know how to lift things. Bending at the *waist* is not and has never been a problem. It's bending of the *spine* that is bad, but the average member of modern society has no idea how to hinge at the hip without lumbar flexion. You have back muscles specifically for holding the spine in place under load. Using them isn't a bad thing, and doing exercises that strengthen them will make your back bulletproof, instead of always needing to protect your back by "lifting with your legs".
There's not much to say about lifting for tall people. Some exercises will be moderately harder or easier depending on proportions, but this doesn't really change anything about how you should exercise.
Romaleo sizing is supposed to be similar to other Nike shoe sizing. Go to a shoe store and try on some sneakers.
Depends on a lot of things. But generally, if everything is in order, at least half of the weight gained will be muscle, and sometimes more.
They... aren't? A decent fraction of big progress posts are skinny kids. But I mean, there is an obesity epidemic. Overweight people just plain outnumber underweight people.
Figure out the thing that keeps you from working out, and fix that thing. Ran out of clean workout clothes? Buy more, and do laundry more consistently. Didn't eat well? Keep something in the pantry that makes a good pre-workout snack. Gym too far away? Sign up at a closer one. Etc. "I don't have enough willpower" is not a reason; you shouldn't *need* willpower to get through your everyday routine.
It probably won't make much difference either way. If it feels good, do it.
Arm-over-arm sled pulls, hand bike, battle ropes, kettlebell swings, maybe bag work.
There's no particular place I would insist this has to happen, or even that you necessarily have to *replace* rather than just adding more pulls. But three bench variants plus flies, on the same day you're already benching, is probably unnecessary.
High-bar position, plus heeled shoes and good ankle mobility to allow lots of forward knee travel.
In my experience, January is still pretty manageable and most of the whining is hyperbole, especially at off-peak hours.
If, for example, you think you can set a record in the open category. I actually don't know if the younger age categories even have that option, but masters athletes definitely do.
About as hard as tearing any other muscle, except with biceps you can reduce the risk further (on deadlifts) by keeping your arms locked, which is proper technique anyway. Or by not using mixed grip, and unless you compete in powerlifting there is little reason to use mixed grip when injury is a concern.
Yes.
This, although ankle mobility isn't only about bone structure, and can usually be improved by working on it.
&gt;Are there any problems I'll run into by increasing the weights on my benchpress to be more than what I lift doing squats or deadlift? No, not at all. The problem, to the extent there is one, is not that your bench press is *too strong*. It's that your squat and deadlift are almost certainly weak. This isn't a huge problem, but it's worth trying to figure out what's holding them back, and then addressing that.
You could literally double your squat and still not be "too far". Don't stress over it.
You're almost definitely doing something wrong, just in that almost all beginners are doing something wrong. And if you're deadlifting bodyweight, it's unlikely that muscular strength per se is the limiting factor. More likely, you simply aren't very good at deadlifts. This is a totally fixable problem. Form checks are a good place to start, but it's also hard to develop good technique when you're only getting five reps every other session. I've found that even unloaded [hip hinge practice](http://startingstrongman.com/2015/12/22/fixing-your-deadlift-its-all-in-the-hips/) is useful.
Leaning it against a dumbbell on the floor usually works, if you can't find a cooperative cameraman.
Yes, but the above advice is still correct.
This time of year, I start to feel tempted to buy gloves just to keep the barbell from sucking all the warmth out of my hands.
It's safe, but tends to be challenging, intestinally speaking. IMO, easier to skip the loading; creatine doesn't make such a difference that it'll matter if you get the full effect a week sooner.
Yes. Very possible. The simplest plan actually saves money: keep eating all the same foods, just eat less of them.
Olympic weightlifting is all about explosiveness, and the clean-and-jerk includes a deep front squat. Most successful weightlifters still do back squats regularly. That probably says something about their usefulness. For *you personally*, there may not be any benefit that's worth persistent problems. Front squat away.
&gt;Mark Rippetoe and Louie Simmons, two people that have far more experience than any of the redditors downvoting my original post. I'm pretty sure you're getting downvoted for sloppy wording that ventures into the outright false and explicitly contradicts the sources you've named, rather than because you hurt our delicate fee-fees.
5291 ounces.
I'm pretty sure an extra 30 minutes in the gym on one day are not the cause of a 12-day change in appetite.
Do sissy squats for a few months, and no other exercise will ever sound undignified again.
There's nothing wrong with zeroing several events at your first competition. If nothing else, it's a great motivation to keep training and do better at your *second* competition.
Probably not. Pullups are not an exercise with a lot of nuanced technique. The pecs generally do not play a major role, but they are attached to the humerus, which is being brought down in front of your torso. Put one hand on your pec, raise the other arm overhead, and notice the fibers moving. This is the same reason pullovers hit the chest.
That might be a little high, but not dramatically. I'd be surprised by anything under 3000. I'm 28, 5'9", 175lbs, similar workouts, and maintain on about 2600.
Loaded hyperextensions should scare you MORE than good mornings, since they involve deliberate spinal flexion and extension under load. This doesn't make them bad. Everybody gets injured sooner or later. It's just a question of when, and how bad. Have a strong back and use good technique, and that'll be "rarely and not very".
You want your arms vertical, or as close to it as possible if legs are in the way. If your arms aren't vertical, you're unnecessarily forcing yourself to start from a lower (and thus weaker) position. For most people, this will put your index finger somewhere around the inner edge of the knurling.
Yeah, you've got a bit of catback going on. It looks like your lower back isn't flat to start with, which doesn't help. But mostly you need to work on bracing and getting tight before pulling, so that your torso doesn't collapse forward under load. [This video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bv6dJK11zNQ) is a decent place to start.
In a sumo deadlift, the hands are between the legs, rather than vice versa. This obviously requires a wider stance, and changes some other things about the lift technique-wise.
Somewhat, yes.
A front raise.
AMRAP was my ally, but it has forsaken me! Bench went from 175x8 to 185x4, deadlift from 330x8 to 347x4. Projected maxes now make me sad.
&gt; I would guess this works by the food you eat on a cut - let's say 1,500 calories - going to muscle production, while the fat you have on your body is used as energy. This is definitely not accurate. That would mean gaining ~half a pound of muscle and losing ~half a pound of fat *per day*. Some fraction of the food you eat can be spent on muscle even while losing weight, but it's just that: a fraction. The more untrained you are, the more favorable that fraction will be, but it's never near 100%.
It's "reversing entropy" in the sense that the tower was destroyed by an entropic process, and to get the original structure you need to fairly literally reverse that process. This is a *local* entropy reversal, which is not at all forbidden by the Second Law. Ostensibly, global entropy still increases in the process of computing and then actually repairing the tower.
You're fixating too hard on the specific details of the analogy. Physically scattering the pieces is one kind of entropic damage, but damage caused by temperature and pressure is also entropic even though all the pieces are more-or-less in the same place, and repairing it requires reversing that entropy in some sense. Repairing things *in general* requires "reversing entropy" locally, because there are more ways for a thing to be broken than not.
