I'll just add a tid bit on, since most of the info has been covered: don't be afraid to copy and paste your answers into multiple questions. You will be asked similar questions in different areas. Don't try and be artistic with your words, just copy and paste that pedagogical theory and keep going.
This can be a ton Of fun! Take something you read this year and have students create a story board for a trailer for the film version. Make sure they go through an approval process with you, so there is a blue print, the text in each panel, and then they make the large version.
You can have them do the book they have just read, abridged. My kids loved Shakespeare abridged and said they would have liked to try to create Romeo and Juliet scenes that were only a few minutes long. Have them make scenery, sets, and bring "costumes". They can write a script. They have to boil it down to the essentials!
You shouldn't have a kitchen job on your teaching resume, unless you teach culinary. I never listed my Starbucks work, even in the beginning. It just didn't apply to teaching.
I told my kids to use their cornell notes we have been taking throughout all of this unit. I reminded them EVERY class! It was the only homework. Read and do cornell notes. The scores on the written portion are dismal. The only notes I see most kids have are those from the first day that we did together! If they do have notes, they wrote down story summaries and didn't look for the terms I told them to focus on. Sad sad sad. Typical for this time of year, but it SHOULDN'T be! The apathy kills me. Also, not listening to directions. I've told kids to plan outside of class for a poster they are assembling in class. NO ONE is bringing in pieces to assemble!
Improv comedy, Theater major, and my Masters thesis on digital citizenship in online gaming. I'm also 100% confident in what I say.
Interview vs. actual work wear
If I had stayed at the school I'd been at during the start of the year, I could see myself having left the profession. The place I started at mid semester reminded me that there are amazing staff, students, and admin out there.
Honestly, teaching has made me a coffee addict. I would love a gift card to a coffee place. Also, my students know I love games. I would dig on a gamestop gift card so hard. My favorite gift had to be a Christmas Bauble with all of the books we'd read that semester on it. I LOVE Christmas and it was so dang thoughtful.
Congrats! I'm i. The interview rounds again. Waiting to hear back from 4 schools! Been a while since the first 2 schools, but I called HR departments and they both said decisions were still being made. The other two were within the last few days. FINGERS CROSSED! I can only hope I find an amazing environment like the school I am finishing at this week.
That definitely helped!
Oooh home star! My old friend!
I see a lot of typical call outs on here, but not to the lovely platformers that made me want my PlayStation. Sly Cooper, Jak and Daxter, and Ratchet and Clank all have trilogies that are so worth it! Platforming fun with witty cartoons! Also the PS3 exclusive, Puppeteer! For RPGs, you must try Nier! I haven't finished, but it is absorbing! Ni No Kuni is another must have in this category.
Review, intro, practice, apply... I try to use this model when structuring a class. The best way to stay on point is setting a timer, at least for myself. Time management is a strong point for me, and my timer is the reason. I really want to get a large one for my class, one that I can stick to the wall.
What is a room mom?
Student (graduating senior): Why didn't you send me one of these cards? Do you not love me? Me: Of course I think you're wonderful, and I wish I could have more time to tell you if you'd just shown up to class. Class: OooooOoooOooo
Got a hug from this student on the last day. Real sweet heart.
At this point I don't think you're the teacher. You're a concerned friend of the mother's who is trying to help her son. When it gets to giving your number out and saying "I love you", I think you're actually not the teacher any longer I don't think it is wrong, by the way, but I think you need to realize that this is a friendship with the woman. I think she needs you as much as this kid does.
Amen. It is super weird when you're so close. I had a student say they saw me, but didn't say anything. That is always the craziest! I just hope I don't say anything weird that they overhear.
12 minutes? Is it all suburbs and stop signs?
Kids love the fantasize about our lives! My SO is a teacher as well, and his students used to think he HAD to be dating the secretary because they were the only two young people on the campus.
That's exactly how I felt this semester. It is so nice to be able to leave things on a Friday, because you know you can come in on a Saturday to right them.
How can they not have this in high school? Listen, I know I couldn't ever teach elementary, I just am not a fan of the formative teaching, the management at that level, and the tiny children minds, BUT there is no reason high school teachers should be left in the dust!
Same. She is too.
I love my talk radio!
All walking? That's too awesome!
Perfect time to listen to an audio book!
I do get worried when I'm buying beer about seeing students, but at least I teach HS, so they understand that teachers are of age.
Oof! My SO had someone at his school with this commute. It sounds crazy!
This would be pretty nice. Unfortunately my long commute had no train, since I live in the country.
Ugh! That's too bad.
I've had the pleasure of working at 4 schools in only 2 1/2 years of teaching. I have had admin that will sit with you, talk out issues, and offer you support. I've also had admin that pulled all my classes with no warning, and admin that didn't hire me, even though I was told I was fantastic. From my experience, the best admin I had was a principal at a charter who was also a teacher. He dealt with issues first hand and talked to parents BEFORE staff did, because he thought we needed to concentrate on our work and not the hot headedness of parents. It was pretty fabulous. Still... That admin did keep someone over me who was stubborn, self righteous, and had horrible people skills. Win some lose some.
I've heard within two days to two weeks! Time frame is wonky for schools. They are still figuring out numbers.
Echoing others with a sign and then tell attitude! As for your sub, I've done a long term stint for a pregnant woman before and she left me about 3 weeks of material, her syllabus, an outline of her procedures (English teacher, so how she wanted students to take notes, and so on), and then let me know what would come next. I think it is KEY that you have your sub establish YOUR procedures! That sub should be making your transition easier. I wholeheartedly recommend popping in after a few weeks to observe. Make sure the class is going how you like. Obviously teaching styles will vary, but you need to make sure your sub doesn't have wildly different expectations than you.
I've interviewed at about 7 places and 6 have gotten back to me, letting me know they are going with someone else. I'm a teacher with an English credential. I have 2 1/2 years experience, a Masters in Ed. (With a legit thesis that I did field research for), A theater degree (would ultimately love to teach it), and am confident and secure in my interviews. I'm told I'm great at interviewing! Apparently there are just a lot of individuals with more years, more precise experience, etc. etc. Unfortunately in this field they are not always just looking for an English teacher, they may need a coach too, or some other extra curricular, and it may not have that. It is more than the credential. I get that. I'm disheartened. It's only the beginning of the interview season, but I'm so exhausted. Being rejected again and again just kills your spirit. Also, I'm not interviewing for anything that is specifically ELD related. A bilingual school found my resume in their district's pile, and they wanted me to interview. I didn't apply for there, and I'm not taking the interview. I know I am not what those kids need. I taught ELD for the last year and I had zero passion for it. My classroom management suffered and I felt like a terrible teacher. I couldn't talk to all my students and I couldn't talk to most of the parents. I don't speak Spanish. It was a huge hindrance, and I'm not going to put myself through that again because I feel like it will make me lose the spirit to teach. I just hope this doesn't hurt my job prospects. I'm sad. I'm worried. My SO, who has less experience than me, got a job after two interviews. I feel like a bump on a log and dead weight.
Ummm... He's a certified therapist now in San Francisco. So I'd have to live in the city. I would probably be miserable.
I think if you are this stressed, you should only look to assist. That, or you can look for part time, though I don't know how you are off financially. I had a .8 for the second semester and honest to goodness I walk grateful for the lighter load. I also switched schools, which I think was a major necessity.
If I hit the alarm, I only do so once. Most times I just get up when the alarm rings. I honestly think that I was trained from a young age. My parents were morning people, so we all became morning children.
I've spoken to my brother, a teacher as well, and he has been on the hiring committee this year. Honestly there are so many factors you can't account for. At his school they were hiring for math, but they were also looking for someone who could coach. That wasn't stated in the interview, it was just a part of the feeding through of all the apps.
Adding to the narrative piece, I was contemplating what I could do that would be interactive, and I thought of this: Go over a brief plot chart to teach the arc of a story. Exposition, conflict, complication, climax, and resolution. Then you stand in a circle and do One Sentence or One Word story. It's a favorite improv game of mine. Each person can say one sentence or one word (one word is harder) to add to the story. You could give starters for each part, to show students structure. It's like a live action mad lib of sorts. No mess, no fuss, and it gets kids up and moving!
That is pretty great too. Having someone transcribe the story would be cool.
That's how my SO got hired. He is a teacher at a middle school next year. Doesn't know grades, or if they may want him to do an elective!
That would be an interesting interview process to see, the police side.
I find that it is important here what you bring from all aspects of your life. I find a lot of jobs I had before this never cared what I did with my spare time. In my teaching interviews, this tells them what clubs I could run and how I might assist in extracurriculars. The music I like might be what I play in my classroom and set the tone of my class.
Oh wow, I don't know how I'd handle someone telling me I'm a babysitter! I think something that has been hard to discuss with friends is why you might find a Math teacher in your English teacher interview. Cross curricular stuff is always mind blowing to them, but also who has clout at a school and weighs in on the decisions.
That's really interesting. I never knew so much went into police officer hiring.
What state are you in? I'm in CA, Bay Area.
Oh cool! I'm north bay. Napa, Sonoma, Marin, etc. well I'm glad the interview process for you doesn't feel different from others. Maybe schools I'm interviewing at are just more touchy feely or something!
So much respect for you! I taught ELD this year and WOW! I definitely think that needs to be reclassified as a World Language position. I worked with some of the Spanish teachers to so my best.
I've never had anyone ask me about testing in an interview. I'm secondary, so testing has been wonky lately, but it has never been recommended to me to put anything like that out there, nor has it shown up in any questioning. I mean, if this IS something your district asks questions about, I think you have a solid answer. You helped raise scores. Simple as that.
Totally with you on this. What I try to do is just take mental note of kids in sports, the play, or other functions. If you have these things marked somewhere, you can start class off asking about these events, or you can just ask the student how things went. This goes a long way, if you're someone with a long commute or a family of your own to go home to.
Congrats! I definitely think walking in too confident many have bit me in the rear... But here's to hoping an interview. I have next week will go well!
I've done that two times, and both times they said "When we have it up on Edjoin..." Or "Thank you for your interest, but you need to apply through Edjoin..." I feel like more of a nuisance when I tried to reach out that way.
Percy Jackson is fabulous. Get it. Love it. Mythology it up!
The only time I was upset at a student for doing this was when he went ahead four pages, didn't read any directions, and did ALL THE WORK WRONG!
This even happened right before finals. I was baffled.
I always chime in with "There are things in life you might lie about, but this is a terrible moment to try. You will get nothing out of this."
You are usually guaranteed an ELD question in California, so I usually have to talk about my modifying. I should totally bring one of my essay structures for them to view! Thanks OP!
In a situation like that, I would honestly look for another school to teach at. I had a similar reaction to a solid classroom management plan, and without admin support I got the heck out of there.
I'd say if you don't like it now, don't watch it. I enjoyed it straight away. It's like a Saturday morning cartoon and it gives me the feels when. I least expect it!
Love your code. I was accused of disliking a student by his father. I called the kid in that day and told him what his father had told me. The kid laughed and said that my class was just more work than he'd anticipated. Good job dad, throwing your kid and me under the bus.
It is never okay. Incidentally, I round up with my grades if a student is that close, but I don't discriminate on this either. Still, it is my choice as a teacher, not a demand of my students.
You should check in. I am so dang forgetful this time of year, as is admin.
California, North Bay. Housing is moderate, depending on where you're at. Marin county and toward SF is ridiculous, but you can find housing for a decent price if you don't mind going more rural. I teach English and it is damn competitive. Science and Math are yearned for everywhere! If you like it more rural, I strongly suggest looking at Sonoma County. My SO got an English position at a middle school with one year of experience, I'm still looking with 2 and a Masters, but fingers crossed! Pay varies... Some districts start at 35k, others start at 65k in Marin! Pretty crazy and varied. Also, I lived in San Luis Obispo county and my brother teaches there. Housing isn't too bad. Pay is pretty low. Still, beautiful place, and if you're willing to be in the rural towns around SLO, you can live just fine.
I do this with "Ask 3 before you Ask Me!" I'm trying to be more diligent with it though. I want to ask students who they have asked for help, and then see if the helper was actually asked... Etc.
You will have to do individual calling and tie participation points in. I have to do it with every class I teach, and after a few months they tend to respond on their own.
If your kids can't even read at grade level, you need to be focusing on that. It almost sounds like you need different groups of students in class. Assess half for the PLC data, and half for simple fluency. I know this is hard, but I felt like this was what I needed to do in my ELD classes. I hope you can convince your admin of the fluency focus.
I've thought about this before, and honestly I think you just have to be aware of what you are writing and be willing to stand behind it. Is it the kind of work that would jeopardize your position? Is it racist? Sexist? Hardcore sexual?
You definitely should grab the security camera for the wall, and maybe get really weird with having a spaceman Sam down there with the axes.
All of them are repetitive. Whether it is running through the same place for the umpteenth time in FL, picking up the same ingredients in RL, or farming your crops in SOS. It's really a matter of what kind of repetitive you're okay with. I've played all and the only one I put down after a week was RL. Honestly I feel like it tries to do EVERYTHING, but is average on all. It wasn't compelling to me. FL is like a cartoon Skyrim. I loved it. I ended up returning it before I finished because of the repetition. I just got tired of beating up animals. It will last you quite a while though! I sunk 82 hours into it. SOS is what I'm currently playing (between my upkeep in Animal Crossing). I have to say I adore this game. While it may be repetitive, I harvest and grow something new. I can change the way my farm looks. I can make furniture, and I hear there is clothing and so much more! I'm just focusing on main ting the farm right now, but I hear interactions with villagers can be beneficial. I only don't do much with them because I need to sell everything, at the moment, to make enough money for blueprints, recipes, and materials. If you enjoy Harvest. Moon, you will love this. All in all, I think Rune Life is at the bottom. I think you're better off getting FL is you want cartoon Skyrim, and SOS if you want Animal Crossing with more farming.
Scummy to trade it in? I didn't, like, return it to the store. I traded it in for credit at GameStop.
This is what AVID does, and it can work. What I suggest is making a cabinet space that is for your students, with folders for each. They can put completed work in here. You may want to make a box for each tab. This way, students can still access their work, but they're not carrying around extraneous work. Think about what students really NEED to take home. Are journals always done in class? Then leave those in the room at the end of the day.
Seconding SOS! It is good! I didn't dig on RF like others seem to.
Professor Layton is pretty great! There are tons of extra puzzles even after you've finished the game.
The department I was in second semester of this year did folders In Class for students. It was only for their major works, but I had my ELD students use this for ANYTHING, because they were so poor at remembering their work. It turned out really well!
Man, I wish someone would ask me a fun question! What flavor of jelly bean would I be?!
Totally normal. I'm on the hunt to and fighting some beginnings of depression. My SO is amazing while this is happening. He was offered a job, I'm still looking. Also, not seeing these kids again is heartbreaking, but I've had to experience this before, so I know it will be amazing wherever I land next year.
I have 2 1/2 years certified experience and a Masters. That has happened to me in all 6 interviews this season. It is what it is. There is still July and August, which both get a rush of open jobs. I ended up looking at a place an hour away into the country. I grew up rural and I would love it. Fingers crossed the "experienced" ones want nothing to do with it.
This is a crazy amount of work for a second year teacher. Use your summer for solid planning. Don't be afraid to use the internet for pre made lessons. Don't be upset if some days are read-book-answer-questions days. They may be boring, but if the content is there, it is just fine. Use your energy to class manage and let your passion shine through.
A lot of competition here in the North Bay Area in California. Gorgeous area, and pay in Marin county is awesome! Pay isn't amazing in Sonoma county, but it's comfortable and relaxed. A lot of Southern CA people want to move up here. Everyone I've interviewed with has said I do a great job. I just have charter AND traditional exp., so I don't have my years in ONE type of school. I also have taught a variety of classes, never teaching the same thing twice.
I don't know what jives with the schools I interview at, but all of them seem to enjoy me. I must not have some factor they want. No idea! My head from this last semester told me that you just never can know exactly what that factor is. You have to hope you have it.
I always wish they'd tell me what they were really looking for. It's not just a teacher for a specific subject. They may want a teacher who can take up a certain club, or coach, or run an extra curricular. They don't often say any of that in the interview because they're somehow tied to a certain set of questions. At least they are in standard public schools. I love interviewing at charters because they DO ask these questions!
There is definitely a huge factor in who you know. Sadly this has only worked for me once. Other times it did nothing. One time, I think it was because the person I knew was a bit of a radical in education. FANTASTIC person, but I think the committee was scared about me being a radical too (I can be, no lie). Second time I feel like the Super was in on the decision or something. Someone who didn't know me. Despite my multiple connections at the school, ranging through different departments, library, special Ed, bilingual... None of it seemed to matter. It seemed like they were being TOO objective, which sounds a little conceited, but it was BEYOND frustrating (especially after everyone I spoke with at the school was shocked). Third time, I didn't even get a call up to interview, despite glowing reviews from a couple years prior when I was a long term sub. Sad, but a couple years created too much distance. Had this at multiple schools. It's strange, because when I write it down I seriously doubt myself and think something may be wrong with me, but I get appreciative responses during and after my interviews, complimenting my composure and intelligence. It's just that damn extra experience KILLING ME!
Yeah, it just continues throughout the summer. I'm in your boat. Do you use Edjoin? They have dates posted for closing, so that gives you a good date to START being anxious. Although, one place I interviewed with hasn't gotten back to me after I even contacted HR, which makes me think they are still figuring out their positions. Something to understand is schools are also in the middle of numbers right now. Students are still being assigned, transferred, etc. That is one reason random jobs crop up throughout the summer. Suddenly they switch class sizes, realize they can hire someone new, and so on.
Rick Dee would be in my tape recordings, because I always recorded during the top 40.
Disposable cameras. They were pretty fun to take to school, but someone was bound to take it out of your backpack and take a weird picture, but you would NEVER KNOW until you took it to be developed.
Filled up half my backpack with my Sega Gamegear. Plugged it in during class, and there was no way to be sly about it. Went through stupid amounts of batteries to play it.
4 different schools. It has been a hell of a beginning to my career. Also my Masters usually intrigues them. I did an ethnographic study on digital citizenship in online gaming. But sometimes I wonder if it might hurt me because I am more expensive.
I agree it looks totally cute, but it doesn't look like you even "compete" in challenges. It looks like a Sorry! Style board. I got Mario Party and was sorely disappointed in how long it took to get to a dang mini game. If this is the same, I sadly will not purchase.
Way cooler than. I thought! I'm actually excited for it now!
Can I just say, it was so nice to read this. I'm currently in the position of 6 interviews, no job. Luckily only one hasn't gotten back to me. Rave reviews, but it only have 2 1/2 year experience. It's competitive. It's just really nice to know when others go through this. You gave me a little boost, involuntarily!
The top commenter is spot on. I spent far too long utterly depressed and saddened when this happened to me this year. Same exact position as you. Two jobs, yet they didn't choose me for either. I will say though that I felt it was in the bag, and so I didn't hit as hard as I usually do on my questions. I've been burned a bit in this career with only a couple years on me. Don't trust anyone if they say you have "got it" for the job. People say things, but they forget they have more interviews, or they're just trying to be exceedingly polite. You have to move past that. You'll find the school that fits.
I have to say that the kind of interview you went through needs to be the kind more schools do. I honestly believe the starched shirt, royal table where you sit at the head and are looked upon by the panel, and the questions they NEVER divert from, are the interview tactics that cause administrators to hire people who they will lose. There is no intimacy in that process. People don't really get to know you! I'm happy you managed to land something with REAL people!
This looks like a great game! I'm really freaking excited for it now!
I'm definitely excited for HHD! I saw some more game play on this sub and I'm so stoked to get new furniture, fill a request that is more than "I want some fruit", and to get amiibo cards that I can use to have animals move in! I'm guessing there will be furniture you can "unlock" as well. This is just super exciting! The amiibo party game I am on the fence about. I got Mario Party and, after a month with it, was disappointed. Honestly, I think the mini game on Nintendo Land was FANTASTIC, and I would love to see an AC party game with more games like that, or like the island games. I hope it is more than random chance rolling.
I landed a summer gig at GameStop and was pretty excited, as were they! I'm a girl, and I was the only other one there besides the ASM. The pay was awful. I was never guaranteed hours. I barely made gas/food money. It was insane. The ASM was sad to see me go, but I couldn't work at a place that wouldn't put me on a schedule for a solid week.
You should take it. You're worried now about the commute and charters, but you have yet to talk with these people. You may find that you really click with the school and you can hack the commute. I'm going to be doing and interview as a school over an hour away as well, but damn if I didn't love chatting with the principal on the phone. It's a charter, and I've worked in one before and I miss it. I miss the freedom, the smaller class sizes, and the intimacy of the staff.
I didn't think about using an adapter to the surge protector! Would using a power adapter for a phone work?
So jealous! I wish I could just throw on a shirt and forget a bra in the world. That doesn't work for the Ds.
I'll report back tomorrow to let you know if it works! Thank you so much for the suggestion!
