&gt; Thin sliced steaks. They're usually sold in the freezer section as 'sandwich steaks' generically. Brand doesn't matter, not for authenticity, just for quality. I'm with you on everything except this. The butcher at Publix will thin slice a ribeye for you. That is all I use.
When we travel all screen time rules are gone (we aren't typically strict on them anyway). On our last trip we bought the back of head rest dvd player for around $80. Snacks we did fruit &amp; veggies. When we stopped for lunch we just went to a restaurant instead of drive thru's. Our little dude has never had fast food though so we are use to it.
You use to be able to find John Gruden at Hooters just about every time you walked in.
If you are white and play a position of a known white person, you are bound to be compared to them. Is their play style at all similar?
I have no idea but that sounds like a fun group to party with.
Roommates aka parents. That's the the only situation I could think of. All others I would bring the girl back to my place.
About once a year or two I will get this intense pain in my neck that travels down to my shoulder (usually one side or the other). Lasting a couple of months and like you it feels a nerve is pinched as my arm would get a bit numb. I finally went to get it checked out and it turns out it is due to arthritis. Stress and other factors can lead to arthritis flair up. My doc put me in this headlock twist move and popped it pretty good. It helped a bit but I really just needed to wait. He could only give me sleeping aids (because it would keep me up most nights) and told me to take something for the pain.
My mom watched my oldest son for the first year until the daycare we wanted would take him. Currently with son #2, my mom does 3 days and MIL does 2 days, so I know all about this. I'm not sure how long you are staying out of work but hopefully by the time you return, your child will be on some sort of schedule. Talk to your parents and tell them feeding and nap times and that you want them to stick to it or as best they can. We brought over sets of toys to each grandmothers houses. We bring diapers when they need. We keep clothes over there. We bought car seats for each of their cars. We also had an extra crib so I set it up in the spare bedroom. Grandma two, we bought them a pack &amp; play. Basically just don't expect them to buy anything. Of course, if they are anything like our grandparents they can't help but buy stuff lol. It's ok to tell them that you have certain rules (screen time or whatever it is that you are big on). Just be prepared to be a little easy on them and let some things slide. There's going to be times where they get sick so be prepared to work around this. Lastly, be thankful for their help. Even if they do 95% (miss a nap or something) on some days still be thankful for having loving and willing grandparents who are offering you help. I don't know how we would have managed without them and I be sure to let that be known.
I'd back off a little. When we pushed our dude to try for overnight potty training, I think we over did it. He was dry in nighttime diapers for a week. We made a big deal about it and told him we would do regular underwear. Well he wasn't ready and would be extremely upset when he had a nighttime accident. Then we started noticing that he was starting to blink constantly. Yup, you guessed it, we stressed him so hard that he developed a tic. At least that is what the doctors thought. Luckily it went away after a few months.
The NFL would fine him for making a gun gesture.
Every mention of "I don't smoke weed" is followed by "but do you drink coffee or drink alcohol?" "you're such a hypocrite"
I'm almost certain this is what happened.
Do you know how many people have had children and still followed their dream? I'd say millions and millions. You're only making excuses.
I'm ____ and I just don't give a fuck.
Sometime after birth, I realized I gained super hearing powers and could hear my sons cry from damn near around the block. So yeah, we never used one.
Our 1st did as well. We did everything short of giving him medicine for it. Nothing we did worked. So we just adapted and a towel became part of our wardrobe. Time was the only thing that helped.
I don't remember the exact time frame. I do know that he wasn't spitting up when he started daycare at 1.
&gt; Play Thunderstruck on the guitar. Damn I was hoping the link was a tutorial. I have guitars but don't know how to play. My son would love if I could play that.
Ain't that the truth. One of the positives to becoming a parent is all the super powers we develop.
I'd party with this dude.
Magic bullet. Nothing magic about it. In reality it just sits in your cupboard taking up room.
&gt; what OP is expecting He's just wanting to find porn stars and probably go through their history to jerk it. I mean, that's what I'd do.
Yall need to calm the fuck down
I'd never buy clothes online. I can see so many errors happening with this. They charge your card because they didn't receive the other back in time. Shipper loses it, get charged. You say you returned it, but didn't, you get charged until they make a shipping claim. Seems like way too much hassle.
80-90 hours a week will burn out anyone and then you added a newborn to the equation. My experience is that I still see my friends and get bro nights. My wife also has her girl nights. Take time for yourself but be prepared to reciprocate for your wife. The only thing that changed is that its usually a better idea to tell my wife a day or so in advance. The spur of the moment things are tough on a partner. Also if you have family around to help, take advantage of it. Get out with your wife and treat her like your wife. As far as night time sleeping struggles it helped my wife and I to alternate nights waking up with the baby. Typically around 6-9 months you should be able to get your baby to sleep through the night. Schedule is the key here. To answer your question, I find my quality of life has improved ten fold. I used to think my nights of closing out bars on the reg was an awesome life but when I look back at it now I think I may have been suppressing something. I'd also say it does get better. For the first 6-9 months you are basically surviving and learning the ways of your child. But maybe I'm crazy. Currently have two (3years and 9months) but I'd have 10 kids if I could afford it.
inb4 "hit the gym, bro"
Is it possible you are over feeding him? When we introduced food our son started being weird on his bottle before bed and not sleeping as well. We cut down the amount we were giving him and all was normal again. Could be a coincidence though and this may just be a phase.
Probably not enough o-lineman on the field
Everybody expresses their emotions/love/feelings differently. Some don't talk about it but have tells by the things they are doing. Someone once recommended the book "5 love languages" or some shit like that and it helped me understand my kids (I used kids because they often don't communicate like your SO) and why they do certain stuff. I'm not all in to that type shit but it made sense to me. Or you can just go the communicating route. Ask questions and all that shit.
Bottled water Monster HDMI cables Beats by Dre amirite guys?
Bro, I believe its in the Geneva Convention, that once a girl has taken property of her mans sweater/hoodie, it is then their property never to be seen again by said man.
Thanks?
I don't know what I'm supposed to do with this information. Thanks?
Holy fuck, I can see you jerkin UK dick from all the way over here.
Anyone with a toddler knows this is almost a daily occurrence.
Pussy &gt; no pussy
It probably depends if reddit still hates them.
All he had to do was add bottled water and he would have been golden.
We make our own food. At the beginning we leaned on this website [Wholesome Baby Food](http://wholesomebabyfood.momtastic.com/). There's a lot of good recipes on there and other good information. We started at 6-months with just some avocados to get him used to eating. It's a nice soft food, easy to mash and easy to get the consistency desired. Then moved on to sweet potatoes. Throw one in the oven, cook 1+hours, cut and blend. One makes a surprisingly amount of servings. Here on reddit, you'll get a lot of baby lead weaning responses, but that just scares me so we decided to do purees. It's easy. Basically steam a veg, in a stove top steamer. Them toss them in a the mixer. We did get a "baby food" mixer as a present but it was just a smaller version of the one we already had so we don't use it. We store them in these exact [containers](http://www.toysrus.com/product/index.jsp?productId=12066912&amp;cagpspn=plab_11141274&amp;camp=PLAPPCG-_-PID11141274:BRUS&amp;eESource=CAPLA_DF:12066912:TRUS). Could probably find something a bit cheaper but these are great and stack nicely in the freezer. It's just important to remember, that at this stage, it is basically for practice. Majority of their nutrients should be coming from milk/formula. We also learned that it is easy to over feed, causing stomach pains and sleeping issues. Those couple of nights sucked. They don't need much at all, there little baby stomachs can't handle it. Edit to add a suggestion: I'm not sure where you are but look into produce companies in your area. We have one that picks them, flash freezes them, and sells them in bulk (8-10lb bags) at an extremely discounted price. They only sell, to public, every couple of months but we got on their mailing list to be informed of said days.
It really is as simple as steaming them and then blending them really well. For more insight, go to that website I had in my original comment. While I've heard of the rejecting foods after starting with fruit but it never happened to me. Keep offering, if that happens, eventually they will take to it.
Well it was more of a "what do you think of me asking your daughter to marry me?" I was not asking can I, more of what do you think and what do you have to say about it. Had he said no, I would have asked why he thought I wasn't a good fit and went from there. Although I knew they loved me so I already knew their answer. Before I even asked the dad, her mom told me she had a ring (grandmothers wedding ring) that I can propose to her daughter with.
&gt; Cunningham didn't come close I use to enjoy watching him. I remember being upset at how I thought it was unfair that they had to play in the fog bowl. I thought that was his year.
Bud Light. Superior drinkability bro.
If it got to that point, I'd ask myself if I wasn't putting them on right or not changing them often enough.
Based on their user name alone, I'd believe they have a good reason.
Yeah me and my two brothers damn near ate my mom out of a house when we were that age. I'd bet its just that but it wouldn't hurt to talk to his doc.
I took my son for his 3rd birthday to see Planes 2. I picked the earliest time showing on a Sunday so it wouldn't be packed. He was never much into watching a full movie but he did well. The only problem I had was that he wanted to sit on the floor instead of the chair. We were right behind the railing so I said whatever dude go ahead.
Well, uh I guess I, deep down, am feeling a little confused. I mean, suddenly, you get married, and you're supposed to be this entirely different guy. I don't feel different. I mean, take yesterday for example. We were out at the Olive Garden for dinner, which was lovely. And, uh, I happen to look over at a certain point during the meal and see a waitress taking an order, and I found myself wondering what color her underpants might be. Her panties. Uh, odds are they are probably basic white, cotton, underpants. But I sort of think, well, maybe they're silk panties, maybe it's a thong. Maybe it's something really cool that I don't even know about.
It was just a line from a movie (Old School) I watched last night. I don't know why, I just thought it would fit right in this post. I'm happily married
You don't need to go spilling your beans. It's just a movie quote and I thought it would fit right in this post. It's not cheating. I'm happily married.
Not confused. I just happened to watch Old School last night and thought that quote would fit right in to this post.
Old School
Umm what? I'm so confused right now.
You got a fucking dart in your kneck
Nah I'm good. Sorry for being funny.
The problem is that you keep telling yourself there's a chance you will be with her again. Get that out of your head and you'll be able to move on.
I love Atlanta the city but their interstate where every lane becomes an exit lane sucks balls.
The top answer is always Cailou in these.
&gt; Im a dog lover, I like my dog more than most people I've meet. My unpopular reddit opinion is that I hate people who are like this.
East coast works for me. 1pm is a good time to start getting drunk. Anything before then and people might say you have a problem.
nah it's more like animals &gt; humans
The only thing I'll admit that he's good at is special teams.
Nah she's never been that way. That said, more often then not, she's had an IUD in, so there wasn't much of the time of the month thing.
This sums it up for me: sorry is the fool who trades his soul for a corvette thinks he'll get the girl, he'll only get the mechanic what's missing? he's living a day he'll soon forget that's one more time around, the sun is going down the moon is out, but he's drunk and shouting, putting people down he's pissing, he's living a day he'll soon forget counts his money every morning the only thing that keeps him horny locked in a giant house, that's alarming the townsfolk, they all laugh sorry is the fool who trades his love for high-rise rent seems the more you make, equals the loneliness you get and it's fitting, he's barely living, a day he'll soon forget that's one more time around, there is not a sound he's lying dead clutching benjamins, never put the money down he's stiffening, we're all whistling a man we'll soon forget
You can check to see what excursions are available the day of her birthday or whenever during the trip. Perhaps pay for one that you will know she'll enjoy.
I wrote a L &amp; R in his shoes and told him L is for left and R is for... you guessed it right. He's known letters and sounds for a long time though. I also, from day one when putting socks or shoes on, would tell him give me your left foot (or right) and then put them on. I rarely just said give me your foot. I always called them L or R and he picked up on it at an early age.
Nope. We don't text much. We're on the same schedule so we're home at basically the same times.
spooky and precious at the same time.
yeah thats probably not the best idea.
I read once that you should make sure the area is completely dry before applying diaper rash cream. It seemed to work better when I started doing it this way. They were never as bad as what you're describing though.
Makes sense to me. How many different ways can I tell her that I want a BJ
The year or so when they are at that perfect height is the worst. Fun age but dangerous
&gt; What kind of crappy shirts wear out in only a few months If I could, I'd wear a plain white t-shirt every day. Let me tell you, after a couple months of washing them, they are either really shrunk or stained by something. Every time I'm at a store I usually just grab a 3-pack of plain white tees because I know I'll need them soon.
I'd say supplement her for a few days and see if she gets back to eating. Maybe a week and if she's still not eating bring her in to your pediatrician. By supplementing I mean a Pediasure Nutrition Shake or something like that. My son loves them and he thinks they are a treat because we call the a shake.
I will and I'll bring my pretty diaper bag with me.
My 4 year old would move in with grandma if he could.
&gt; but I'm not going to join the big game of make-believe where everybody pretends it's not obviously and substantially inferior to staying in the care of a dedicated parent. I just have to disagree with you here. I put both my kids in full time daycare at 1. I'm in the camp that it's good for them.
Say no then. Nobody is making you make up an excuse. If you say no enough then don't be surprised when those friends eventually stop inviting you.
I guess we've always been able to be open with each other. However after the birth of our first child via c-section, I knew there wasn't anything I could throw at her that she wouldn't be able to take. She was literally open to me at that moment.
&gt; OCD, PTSD, or ADHD Here's a few other terms that every redditor seems to be/have and I just want to tell them to STFU. Nerdy, introvert, awkward, anxiety, depression. Also not every one of yalls parents are narcissist.
Make me fries
Wouldn't bother me at all. I'd find it a bit flattering. He's not handling it well for whatever reasons. I'd say just do your thing at this party. If he comes talk to you then be nice.
[Yeah, umm about that](http://imgur.com/Ufbr5ej)
For us it was about whether the child was sleeping through the night before we asked the grandparents. I'm sure they would have done it before then but we didn't want to be a burden.
&gt; because she's depressed and if she doesn't she might start hurting herself again. I'm out
My friends and I will walk right out of the place if they have all dude bartenders. It's just our preference to have one.
As a vendor (not of lighting) the first step to sell your equipment is to a.) get in the engineers specs or better yet b.) be basis of design. How exactly is that shady? We vendors have our engineers that love us and some prefer other vendors. Sure we take them to lunch, drinks and such but thats just part of sales.
To me it seems a lot of the responses are "Oh no this company is making more than I think it should"
Everyday about 2pm it hits me hard and I wonder what my little dudes are up to. My oldest has been going for the last 3.5 years and our youngest just started 2 weeks ago. I wish I could tell you it goes away but it hasn't for me.
I'm not buying it
My wife also called around lunch time of the first day. Totally normal.
Well, at least you have food taken care of when we get lost
A little hard to give specific advice when you did not give us any specifics about what makes him grumpy or what causes the tantrums. So I'd just like to say it's just a phase and it will pass.
Why not PEAR?
Free. It was passed down from her grandmother. I think we spent about $400ish for mine. Size isn't a huge deal as you can get it re-sized.
I vaguely remember them giving us a few eye/hearing test throughout the year when in elementary school. For some reason I want to say the people administering the test were mobile. Memory is a bit foggy so don't remember if it was in their mobile thing or if they brought the equipment in an office.
I don't know what I did but my two favorite bands announced they will be coming here within two weeks of each other (late March &amp; early April). I'm fucking pump so thank you Gods.
Yes
This is a real condition. When my wife and I were looking last year I became addicted to looking at every house on the different websites. I'd then binge watch shitty shows about buying/flipping houses, do it your self renovations, that one with the two gay looking brothers and just about every other housing related show I could find. It was way too exciting. Then we finally bought and all the urge went away.
Shout out to all the people who don't know what the opposite of IN is
