From Newmarket to Streatham, I would get on the M25, cross at Dartford, carry on clockwise, and then go up from the South, completely missing out the centre of London
I just had a look on google map - it's an extra 30 miles, but it would probably be a lot less stressful and quite possibly take less time, depending on time of day
Chances are though, that if the Dartford crossing has heavy traffic, then it would be a time of day when central London would be even worse ... the only time the M25 would be worse is if there were roadworks or closed lanes, but you can check for that before making the commitment
Why have you differentiated between the 'premier league' and its previous name 'first division' of the English league? Are they not the same for the purpose of this kind of statistic?
There's no need to worry, you will gradually get the things you need, as and when you need them ... for an unexpected night time power cut, it's always useful to have a torch and batteries and candles and matches available ... and basic tools like screwdriver and pliers, and a step ladder, and a bucket
I have removed this because it is not counting, it is listing
These types of awards are not simply to decide the most courageous person - it's not even possible to quantify such an abstract and subjective concept - but these awards are an expression of social approval, and therefore very often used as part of a wider agenda, to promote a social movement. For example, if they wanted to promote the acceptance of homosexuality in a society where it was largely disapproved of, they might choose to award a person for being openly homosexual. So here they are making a social statement in support of the political movement which is demanding certain rights for transgender people, and they have found a suitably well known transgender person to bestow the award upon. I would be surprised if they gave the award to a biologically female athlete who is taking a stand against biologically male people being allowed to compete in 'women's' events, and this is how they will show which side they are on and promote their political agenda. So whether or not you think he ''deserves'' the award for actual ''courage'', it might change your view if you think of the award in terms of social approval and the promotion of a political agenda.
Blyth Spartans ... this year they were the lowest ranked team left in the FA Cup when it got to the third round, and they put up a good fight, their fans could be proud of them
I've reported this to the mods because you deliberately lied in your title
387,685
You don't seem to be very familiar with the history of West Ham fans - they have even been racist towards their own players ... racism is found all over the country, and wherever there is racism in the same place as football, there will be racist football fans, and it's not helpful to deny it instead of acknowledging the problem
The way you worded it does very much make it look like you mean ''better than that'' as in ''better than those who are racist'' rather than ''racist but not as badly racist as some others''
You only quoted the first part of the mod post, so that you could misrepresent the mod's opinion and make it look bad
So I ask you a very simple and very basic question, and you claim there is an answer but I would have to pay to read it ... that's not the way to change society
A ''moron'' is a person with a considerably lower learning ability than the average - a person with a mental disability - so if you consider that there are people with university degrees who have expressed concerns about the genetic modification of foods - in what way are they ''morons''? You are just name calling people when you don't agree with them.
But if you make up your own definition of ''moron'' then the view cannot be changed by facts and sound reasoning, because it becomes a circular definition, thus: ''Anyone who doesn't agree with me is a moron, therefore all of these people with different beliefs are morons''.
It depends on so many factors, it would be impossible to know in advance ... that's like asking how would you react if one of your family went to live in another country
You say you're curious, but I doubt if you would believe me, because it doesn't fit into your world view ... also there's this undercurrent to your comments which kind of implies that I should stay silent and let biologically male people have the last word on what it means to be a woman, and that I shouldn't question them when they are seemingly talking nonsense
And what is ''a female neurological body map''? when you get right down to analysing it, you find it has no basis in observable physical reality ... and if you define a person's gender by what hormones they ''prefer'', what about people who are not producing or ingesting hormones? Are they not male or female?
What was what?
There is a lot more to the award than simply figuring out who is the most ''courageous'' athlete ... the award is a symbol of social approval, and an opportunity to bring attention to any social agenda which they are promoting, so they tend to award it to people who have demonstrated behaviours which the award-givers are promoting.
I prefer honest aggression to passive aggression
1) It's interesting that when I join discussions on this subject and disagree with people who share your views, you interpret that as some degree of ''hate'', and yet when you join discussions on this subject and disagree with people, your motives are all noble, to ''educate'' and to stand up for your rights ... you asked why I discuss this subject, but would you believe that I have the same motives as you? I also have a vested interest in correcting the misinformation that people spread around, because I believe that the social changes which some people are advocating for will ultimately be detrimental to biologically female people, and I have seen how biologically female people are being bullied into silence. 2) Many people, both male and female, suffer terribly with depression/anxiety/mood swings/all kinds of mental distress, and we do not know if their brains would function better with a different hormone balance, because it's not as simple as you seem to think, just going to an endocrinologist and trying different hormones ... for most people, quite apart from the health risks, they would be very distressed at the physical changes to their body which the hormones caused ... but for transgender people, of course, they are very pleased with the physical changes to their body, and how can you be sure that *that* is not what is causing them to be happier? 3) Phantom limb syndrome is the feeling that a limb is physically present ... it is not the same as wishing you were the opposite sex. 4) First off, I have heard plenty of biologically female people talk about how they are not at all happy with the suffering that their hormones and reproductive system cause them, and some quite deeply resent being female, and yet they do not wish to be male, and they accept that they are female, so no, your definition wouldn't include them, it would insult them, if you think a woman is someone who feels a certain way about being female. And secondly, we have no idea how each person's brain would have liked being born into a body of the opposite sex ... a person could be totally accepting that they are one sex, and if they had been born the opposite sex with that same brain, they might be totally accepting of that too. And if labels aren't important, what are you doing trying to get people to use different labels for others?
1) I have no idea if I have changed anyone's mind about anything on this subject - certainly not the people who are arguing with me, but I wouldn't expect to ever change their minds, only perhaps give silent readers something to think about. You're right though, that this issue doesn't affect me in my normal everyday life, and it's only online that I argue about it. I argue about a lot of things online, I do enjoy giving myself permission to express my views when others are trying to silence me. I can tell you the incident which drew me into taking notice of this issue: I have never been very interested in feminism, but I was curious about what was causing such a major rift in the feminist subreddits, and I went to one of the many new 'true feminist' subreddits to ask about it ... I was told that some feminists don't accept transgender women as 'real women' and in an effort to try to resolve the problem, I very naively made a comment which I thought would be a starting point which everyone could agree on: ''There's a difference between transgender women and women who were born female'' ... I know now of course how naive this was, to think they would agree with that, but at the time I was shocked at the amount of hostility it incurred - I was called ''asshole'' by a moderator of the subreddit, and by the end of the day I was banned. It intrigued me, partly because I find the concept of gender identity interesting, and partly because I started to discover a rather disturbing new movement within feminism ... it disturbed me to think that feminist forums are being taken over by biologically male people, and that biologically male people are bullying biologically female people into silence, and that biologically male people are kicking biologically female people out of ''women's'' forums if they dare to question the new gender politics. So while it doesn't affect my normal everyday life in the real world, it disturbs my mind in the internet world, knowing that these extremists are taking over feminism and that it will eventually affect the real world, to the detriment of biologically female people ... and you're right, the transsexist agenda is happening and will continue to happen whether or not I argue about it online. But I still enjoy giving myself permission to express my views when others are trying to silence me. 2) I think you misunderstood this - you asked me to do some soul searching and tell you where my feelings about my body image came from, and I told you - I was speaking for myself, I wasn't trying to imply that this is the same for anyone else. Maybe you could go back and read that paragraph again, knowing that I was speaking only for myself, and not imposing anything on you, and it might read very differently. Clearly we both have a very different feeling about where our ''gender identity'' came from, and I think it is quite possible that one's sense of gender *can* arise from different sources - a combination of innate feeling and learned view, with varying ratio of each factor in different people ... there's no way of knowing how either of us would have felt if we had been born the opposite sex, so it remains speculative and probably impossible to imagine. 3) It doesn't matter *why* some biologically female people don't like being female, the point is that your definition of 'woman' doesn't comfortably include them, it pushes them out to the fringes of womanliness in your view, and that is not a satisfactory definition, especially when you start hinting that they might not really be women in your world view, if they are less than happy with their reproductive organs. 4) If your definition of a 'female brain' is 'the brain of a person who thinks they should be female' then you are using circular reasoning to use David Reimer as some kind of support for your assertion, because it boils down to ''the brain of a person who thinks they should be female thinks they should be female'' ... there's no such thing as a 'female brain' outside the definition ''brain of a biologically female person''. One thing which would totally change my mind on that is if they discovered that it was possible to examine a brain and tell what gender the person would identify as, but so far all the studies have suggested that this is not the case - if a brain expert looked at a brain, they would not be able to tell what gender identity the person has. Biologically speaking, if a person is born male, then they have a male brain.
The distances between clubs would be too far ... it's already a bit too much of a trek when Sunderland play Southampton, for example
different culture
It looks like you have been shadowbanned by the admins, so all your posts automatically go into the spam filter ... you might like to contact the admins and ask them to investigate why you were shadowbanned.
\*gasp\* is that *THE* Rick Sparks, world famous stand up comedian and part time internet hate-stalker? I'm overwhelmed with your flattery
No, that's just as bad
I have removed this submission because it is not counting
It looks like a Juventus fan has a girlfriend who is expecting to give birth any time from now, and he is worried he might miss the match
That was a gloriously hilarious bit of projection, maybe you can seek me out in another few years and we will see if you have got it yet :)
I'm watching the parallel competition going on here: Who will win the contest to get the top Match Thread! Contenders are off at a good pace, jostling for position as they come to the first bend
They were even born in perfect formation
Yeah I just tried checking results and it's down at the moment ... winning numbers are 5, 8, 10, 11, 37 (stars 7, 9) raffle LZD367111
I haven't watched more than a few seconds of women's football, it hasn't grabbed my attention ... is it my imagination, or do you think a disproportionately large percentage of female footballers have long hair?
I like Bran Flakes, but maybe it's the brand you are eating - what brand are they? I only like Kellogg's, and once I tried Sainsbury's own brand and they were quite unpleasant in comparison, like shredded cardboard
It could work, or maybe just sitting there looking dejected with a red and sweaty face
This required some racking of brains, to include jeans which haven't actually been worn for several decades, as well as current favourites ... I think it's about 5 pairs, possibly 6
Salvation Army do a lot of good work, providing food and shelter for those who are mentally unable to organise government welfare assistance for themselves
They were only fit and strong due to regular physical exercise, and the male's average height was less than 170cm ... how tall are you?
It's against the rules because I wasn't challenging your fundamental view, but possibly bolstering it ... I've been in trouble with the mods before over this very act of 'challenging part of a view' which doesn't challenge the core of it ... they explained that I can't correct people's misunderstandings of biology, even if it would change their view of biology.
It's probably not obvious when you are actually standing on the pitch - you have to see it from distance - so they probably wouldn't have noticed
[Manchester Kitty](http://orig08.deviantart.net/336d/f/2009/086/e/7/hello_kitty___man_utd_badge_by_housewave.png)
Except that transgender people generally have brains which are more typical of their own biological sex, by most measurements
Parents usually buy clothes which have plenty of growing room in ... also just remembered something else: having to allow time for the tedious job of sewing a name tag in every single item of clothing
Unless he scores in the 90th minute
I could spend all day listing the potential disasters which would result from this, and obviously you don't care about what happens to *other people*, but here's one which might affect you personally, which might make you think twice: it is becoming an increasing problem that, due to the widespread prescribing of antibiotics, there are infections which are becoming resistant to the antibiotics which are available ... if people are able to buy antibiotics whenever they like, there will be millions who use them when they don't really need them, due to ignorance, and the problem will become much worse, and one day *you* might suffer a horrible infection which is resistant to antibiotics.
I don't think education would solve the problem, but I suppose that is now a matter of speculation since I can't prove it.
A bigot is 'a person who holds a fixed opinion and is intolerant of other opinions' - therefore it is quite possible for a person to hold racist and sexist views while being tolerant of those who do not agree with them. Being racist and sexist is not, in itself, the definition of bigotry.
A person's userpage doesn't show their subreddits which are private or banned
But isn't that exactly what they are advocating, that anyone can use any rest room?
But have you seen anyone advocating that there should be segregation of rest rooms into male and female gender identity rather than non-segregation?
I've never liked claret and blue together - it would be nice if they got a new colour scheme when they move to the new stadium ... if I was in charge they would get a gorgeous dark red kit
406,427
Yes, I agree - quite apart from the football team colours, the blue just looks better in its own right
You're on the watchlist now
They sell far more than just groceries, if you go to a big one
OK so it's the actual breastfeeding ... so if you watch a documentary about an African tribe where everyone is naked above the waist at all times, can you explain why you feel that the women should not be breastfeeding their babies in public?
It's ok, there's a lot of evidence to suggest that he isn't really a Man Utd fan, he's just playing a character, and doesn't believe anything he says
Do you really not understand how people will be offended by being subjected to such a humiliating and degrading judgement?
Some of them do
I wasn't sure what to do - whether to call for everyone to edit their numbers or whether to delete them - so since it was only a few numbers I deleted them, but I can call for an edit in future if you think it's the best thing :)
I love that programme but I always miss it because I'm in the kitchen washing dishes - husband keeps calling me to come and look at all these brilliant sheds
First of all, it's very rude to accuse me of downvoting your post and then to edit that out of your post when I ask you why you accused me, without an apology or an explanation. Secondly, to address the topic: I'm asking if any kind of soccer-football can be said to be ''huge'' in the USA, when you compare those viewing figures to over 100 million viewers of the Super Bowl ... I would say the Super Bowl is ''huge'' in the USA.
S
At the age of 19, got a joint mortgage with my partner, we bought a house
We did it in 1982 ... all you need now is a time machine haha
You are spreading misinformation - this story of the BSTc region of the brain is pseudo-science, based on a misinterpretation of the summary of a tiny study ... you cannot tell a person's gender identity by measuring the BSTc, and if you look at the table of individual results, you will see that some of the trans women were more ''male'' than some of the men if you use that as your measure. The only people who believe your ''trans science 101'' are people who don't understand how real science works and/or people who don't bother investigating the real science behind your claims.
That is circular reasoning, as well as being incredibly rude, and my above comment applies to you too, and anyone else who uses obscene name calling instead of sound reasoning \*EDIT: and downvotes don't make me agree with any of you either ... if all you've got is obscenities and downvotes, it doesn't look good for whatever views you are promoting
This is a rather convoluted way of asking which is the best team of 12 year olds
Only if you think ''disagreeing with extremists'' is ''shitting on'' anyone ... and even if it's not a formal debate, I still won't change my view if someone presents their view in a form which does not withstand reasonable questioning
Thanks for reporting it, folks, the bot has now been ejected from the premesis :)
I've never heard a story where that was the case, that they were happy with the gender role assigned to them while being unhappy with their sexual organs.
Yes, you only pay if you own a TV receiver.
My sources are pretty much the same as your sources - we have probably both seen the same studies - but you have misunderstood the summaries, while I have examined the tables of individual results, when they are available, and also taken into consideration that most of the brain structures which were measured were typical of the transgender person's biological sex. Every study supports what I said: there has been no brain structure found which correlates with gender identity. A brain expert cannot look at a brain and tell what gender the person would identify as.
If that is your only claim, then it is not incompatible with what I am claiming, we can both be right - but then what is your point?
T
Surely you can answer your own question then - the answer could be as simple as ''I don't want to, I prefer different artwork as my screen background'' ... I have never used photographs of people as my screen background, I simply don't like the look of it
How did it come about that there is a rift in the Watford supporting on reddit?
I don't know if that is totally accurate though - I have heard that there are families with both Liverpool and Everton fans who go to the local derby matches and sit together and enjoy friendly rivalry ... people are getting upvoted there for saying you have to hate your rivals to be a proper supporter, but I don't agree
No - I can admire players from all different teams, but it doesn't make me support that team
Yeah, of course people say I'm short, but I've always assumed they are affectionately joking ... like when my son towers over me and says ''You're so *short!!*'' ... it's not like I'm really too short for this world, only relatively short
Not really, the principle is the same - friendly rivalry and being happy for your rivals
I wouldn't say that little exchange counts as ''drama'' ... they both made valid points, and got a bit hostile, and that was the end of it
It was an invitation to tell us what you are celebrating, but you took it literally, so I'll try again: For those of us who don't follow American politics, what are you celebrating?
Thank you for the info :)
Hang on, I thought they made it legal in the UK ages ago?
Yes, I got that already, but never mind, I won't ask what exactly you are talking about any more, a couple of others have explained it to me
I really liked Palace's away kit last season, the yellow and light blue, but this one is also good, very smart :)
There is no line of reasoning which logically goes from same sex marriage to polygamy, as long as marriage is defined as the union of two people ... I think the next logical step would be to legalise sibling marriage, because there is no longer any argument left against it if marriage is 'the union of two consenting adults'.
Oh well I wasn't trying to claim that ours isn't strange ... I'll just be over here, sitting in this hole that I'm digging
I used to enjoy it until Adam Hills started turning into Jeremy Kyle ... he seems to get more smug and self-righteous with every show now ... went off the show last series when WBC called his bluff and he chickened out of the deal he threw at them
It's looking good so far - I particularly like the central water area with trees all around ... you will probably find that the areas will naturally start to blend when you fill them in with rides and scenery ... you could make the shape of the red-rock area on the right a bit more blended by extending the left side of it into a curve which goes into the gap behind the hut - it's a bit square at the moment while the other areas are nicely curved
If I want to wear anything which is rainbow coloured or has a rainbow on it, and if anyone assumes anything about my political views because of it, then I consider that to be *their* error, not mine. The LGBT political movement can only own the rainbow if you allow them to.
Ah that's interesting, how that happened - yes, I'm looking forward to seeing the bright yellow and green crests all over the subreddit next season - and looking forward to getting me a Bournemouth crest! I'm not a proper fan, but was quietly cheering for them all last season and got so excited when they got promoted for the first time ever :)
So do you think there will be any negative consequences for your current lack in your religious practices?
So if you believe that you can do whatever you like with no negative consequences, why would you bother to ever follow any of the religious practices?
We went on holiday a couple of weeks ago, a few days at Center Parcs, and I fulfilled my dream to go on the Tropical Cyclone ride - a water flume where you sit in a dinghy and it goes almost vertical as it slooshes around the tube - it was brilliant fun, and no queue so we went on it 5 times :D
And what do you think happens to non-muslims who try to be good people - do they also get to heaven?
