Amazing read, thank you very much.
Damn you marry them young
If you have to worry about what post on reddit is safe at work or not, maybe you shouldn't be redditing at work. Anything that you see on your screen can be logged on the way to your computer very easily.
What controller settings do you run? First 50 matchmaking games since cartographers gift?
Two ways this can go. You go down for the ball or the ball takes you down. Capeesh?
Its also because we dont really have a windshield, and gear is part of the culture. The cruiser guys are all about no gear and jeans and tshirts when the weather is warm. Its easier to count who is wearing a helmet than not with the cruiser guys these days. Nobody wears them. A guy at work says he doesnt wear one (hes a harley guy) because he can see better without it (head turning etc). I think hes full of shit.
more than life support for someone who had a helmet, lived, but in a vegetative state?
I appreciate the safety aspects. The reason I support the helmet law is because I dont like having the government forcing things on me. Like the smoking in bars. I wear a helmet and I dont smoke.
It does seem to support that. There really isnt any excuse to not wear a helmet, or a seatbelt. But I always wear gear, and that includes leg protection, not just jeans.
Many smartphones have 1080p + screens and people want their videos high quality no matter where it comes from. If they made every video, no matter if it was from netflix or youtube a lower quality in the name of performance and bandwidth savings, that's one thing, but they are doing this to provide a premium experience for those services that drink the binge on koolaid, and a crappier one for those who do not. This is the biggest argument for why net neutrality is such an important issue. Binge on is a sneaky way of selectively throttling their customers experience, and people are right to be angry about it.
For training, i think sniper swat would be fun too. No damage to the body.
mag :)
and beaf curtains
That's not the point, you should not have to "turn it off" or jump through hoops. It's anti network neutrality no matter if you can turn it on and off or not. You could have a tmobile binge button that turns it on or off, but it turns it on or off for *everything*. Otherwise, you are creating an anticompetitive service. They are hiding behind bandwidth savings in order to differentiate various video services. This is very non network neutral. They should not be able to "slam" their new service on everyone, without their consent. It should be off by default.
That's exactly what they want you to worry about. A cap. Capping some services and not others is terrible, and a dangerous slippery slope. What if you start having to pay to access the real Internet instead of a binge on curated walled garden website, kind of like aol was way back in the day?
Catch that falling knife son
Unless you are one of the ones that actually got raped?
Hugo Boss, man. How badass is a damn uniform with a skull on the hat? Damn, cold as ice.
Yeah the waffen SS deaths' head and lightning bolts are A-ok.
What a gas!
Look at the size of the shells.
Dont get overrun. Treat your spawn as a base to be defended like it is.
Do you guys prefer the joystick over the mouse? Or all you all sim mode only? It seems like the mouse guys would chew me apart if I used my joystick.
This isnt germany or sweden.
Dont use their shitty DNS servers.
The face. LOL
Have you played? Because its fun as hell. Its a computer simulation, you are going to get that kind of thing. The nice thing to know is that other people have the same issues, so its a level playing field.
nethack?
isnt that historicle? I think the tiger was so feared becaue of its amazing gun and optics (which is gimped here, since everyone has the same optics :()
Bill Gates? Come on Bro
You would be as much of a creep there as you are wherever you live.
Shes trying to point out that even if she were to walk around naked, it still wouldnt be asking to be rape or deserving it. Also it gets her the attention to her cause, having a nice body like that.
I thought fanny = ass
Incredible white knight attempt.
So stupid
So they should probably call and cancel their water if they do not want the bill.. Its an automated system, I would think. I certainly would. Are they using the water to bath in as well as run their toilets? Crappy situation for sure.
The water is clear from the lead supply, or mostly clear. This is pee water.
Flint poisons its own river, the town is a shithole, and they are pissed that they cannot use detroit water, which is amongst the cleanest in the country.
Asking federal money should automatically remove the governor from office for allowing it to get this bad. You get the money, sure, but you are also out.
Except he was doing the wrong thing from the start.
I just meant that its not drinkable, but people are still using it for toilets etc. You can't expect it to be free.
I don't think the water starts with lead in it in the river, it's leaching from the old pipes drawing water out of the river.
I just can't get used to the force feedback, no matter what I try.
I thought we would see them get "blood eagled" :(
A good start?
Both world wars were started where? Who came to help both times?
What I'm getting at is that we are all guilty of violence, corrupt politicians and complacent populations (where was Europe when Germany annexed Poland? Russia recently with the Ukraine). The less time we spend putting blame on general groups of people and more on focusing on the problems such as these bad bankers (euro central banks are no less corrupt than anyone else) the better the entire world can be. Let's get off this anti X country rhetoric.
even the eyebrows, you tyrant. I'm afraid to ask where else there is dye.
does the game still punish joystick users?
IT Pro here: absolutely it is. And you may still get hit with something if you dont pay attention.
+2 life of stressing
Buy the one that will make you work out the most consistently.
Bail them out with massive interest. Use the interest to subsidize clean energy.
Are the scarves an inside joke?
That does not look like a quick question. Why do people say Quick question, to trick you into listening?
Just because you drank lead as a child doesnt mean everyone else has to. People have a right to clean water, especially if they pay for it.
Yep, meanwhile the rest of the world spends less than 1% of their GDP on their military, and then relies on us to come save the day while their people benefit from a less military based budget..
If that truly is the issue, it was never meant to be long term in the first place.
"Learned alot" aka damage for the next guy to deal with until you realize all guys are not assholes.
Did it take you a while to realize the new one wasn't going to F you over?
Metal is another great alternative.
Sure we can both cherrypick. What about Kuwait before that? You guys sent a token while we make up the main force. The fact of the matter is everyone looks to us to complain when we do police the world and bitch when we dont (Syria for instance). When was the last time the UK did anything where it was the majority? 5 of 28 nato members spend what they should on military, and leave the USA to pickup the slack. http://www.wsj.com/articles/nato-calls-for-rise-in-defence-spending-by-alliance-members-1434978193 Nice downvote by the way. It was on topic, its not a disagree button
Oh you guys are doing a great job. Russia is up to all its old cold war tactics. You guys do nothing but look to us.
I'm not a member yet, so just curious. I thought they had an improved damage model so that where you hit is where it damaged. Is this true? So its like world of tanks where you just shoot until the health bar is gone then boom? Lame!
Check the valve clearance on the Z06 you are interested in.
OP
Please let star control be good
Yes, blame people for being ripped off. I'm sure you are an amazing human being.
Seriously? You wanna let everyone take the risk getting in early and then just swoop in when everything is unlocked? not today!!!
Hey! That's somebody's daughter!
Intellivision was what the cool kids played.
Yeah, i never knew what was going on. But I was 4 or 5. Remember falling into a pit over and over again and making ET's head grow so he could float up out of it. I still remember the falling sound.
Lol at the down votes
optics and radiators should also be ruined by damage.
This is how I got into IT. Growing up, learning how to get our ancient POS computers to play games. How to upgrade etc. My friends used to come over and at least one of us would have technical problems.
Do you get all the things you say from movies?
Du hast mich
Du hast mich
Is it true that even after the work is done, youll have to do it again after X amount of years/miles?
Is that a z51? Sexy. Manual or auto? I like the black! honestly both look great.
Dude, you are living the dream, dont mess it up. 10 years isnt long in the scheme of things.
and clearly not a dental professional
ZZZZZZZzzzz
Gotta rip off this bandaid sooner or later. This along with flash being removed is much needed. Java is such a malware vector.
Do you guys recommend virtualization even for small business? Seems like an added cost. We use datto for backup already.
It was a domain controller and also hosted exchange as a vm on the same machine? How many users?
I was going to look, is that really what it is?
Plus, the retro pixel style is becoming tiresome anymore.
Part of being cucked is when the other person knows about it. Seems like this word is gaining popularity, but people dont know exactly what the concept is.
gun play is boring, imho. Just feels so generic.
Just think that a society could be born from one of those stars, who knows?
Yep, work until you go to college for below minimum wage, go to college with your HUGE loan, work as an unpaid intern for experience, and then work the rest of your life as a slave to pay off your student lone.
They want him to train their guy since he's been around for 5 years, then they will boot him. They also get to pay less by not having him full time. Remember, these are the guys that fired his company to start. 1099, no benefits to pay, it's a win for them.
I'm so jealous. I think the new car looks better to be honest.
no kidding? I thought the c6 Z sounded mean. Man I want one so bad.
Some of these helmets are so dumb. How about the upside down boot with getto blaster speakers one? I think the interns got this job
For those new to the game. There are lots of people who actually enjoy the game, its just that we are playing, not on the forums whining about every single change.
What percentage does the nexus 6p hit 200 nits at?
Makes a lot of sense. Cool, so basically massively portable and able to upgrade easily. Do you see much performance hit with hyper v? Is your file sharing and printing on the vm along with the ad? I would imagine so.
Lots of guys did a mod on the forums to do just that to get that louder sound. I remember the grand sport with gm's copy of this sounding raspier and mean.
