Really depends on which effect you plan on getting, it looks alright with confetti imo.
well gg bois
god damn it refs
god damn it kc.
Pats can stop the clock on defense but chiefs cant stop it on offense. lmao
god damn it newton
same. considering steaming is 102.5 keys, i can see this going for 95-120, like sketchy said.
God damn op, too soon
How do you even survive?
Not really.
Vel'Koz
Rammus. Rolling around would be fun as hell.
That's pretty lit.
Holy shit, that's epic as hell
https://i.reddituploads.com/5224defe72b84b8d97d852f52ea942e5?fit=max&amp;h=1536&amp;w=1536&amp;s=a2b6ac494c178d57cb56617fabdc7f21
I want Butt also
And everywhere else for that matter!
Well i mean they won most of them with tannehill
I think the entire league loses when Osweiler plays
Jesus LOL
This game is one
Landry you're still down by 13 chill lol
THERE YOU GO DOLPHIN BROS
If we lose and kc wins, kc goes up to 2, we fall to 5
Cool, SD is up.
WR
Oh fuck you Talib
McGloin looking pretty good.
Talib stole my nonexistant wife
Ah shit, who replaces Allen? Joseph is out.
Use it on myself for being in a room with both of them
GO CHARGERS
Suck a dick.
Uh NFL, I reccomend you dont show KC commercials in a Denver vs Oakland game.
Alright McGloin that was on you
Well, lets see Cook I guess
I know it isnt looking too good, but we're a 2nd half team people.
Holy fuck thats a lot of Chiefs fans in SD....
I saw the Dolphins I know as well today :(
COOK EM UP COOK
CRABTREE COME IN
Our backup for Cook is Crabtree btw
He was in pain and throws were inaccurate
These refs can step on a lego
Crabtree is still better im pretty sure
I mean he got to the Super Bowl before....
Its fucking infuriating when we're playing for everything
The fuck CBS? Winning play is a hit to QB(not a sack) that injured him? Fuck you CBS
Well if we lose and KC wins we're against the Texans...
I dont care what you say, but there's no excuse for allowing 24 points against one of the worst offenses in the league. Something is clearly wrong.
We're fighting for the bye + home game.... Also we didnt do this shit against the Colts
Oh shit.
Concussion by running into a guy's leg, it looked unoticed for a bit.
Cook is actually looking pretty good
So do we start Cook going into the playoffs?
Chiefs, 2-0 against us
In other news we get a bye week considering we're against Texans
Cook is alright, playcalling + broncos defense setting him back. 6-24 still.
Falcons game was no where near as bad as the first Chiefs game.
2 and fail
Maybe making 2 trips in playoffs? :)
To be fair, they shut out KC.
Penn is down. Just fuck, i wanna die.
God finished the Chargers and he is now trying to finish us :(
Ah, thought they shut them out, mb.
Brees and Brady are QBs that come to mind quickly.
God fucking damn it Jim Nantz. Look what you did.
Chargers have been finished, and therefore God has moved onto fucking the Raiders over.
Get well soon Derek xoxoxoxo
Fuck me
The last game could of went better, but im fine with 12-4, better than last year. Now, let's go out there and fuck the Texans up a 2nd time.
FAT Fuck Aqib Talib
Congrats!
Giants win vs Patriots cuz 3li
I was expecting us to only get 9 wins tbh
Fuck thats hard
Do it Lions i believe in you
Ah fuck AFC East and NFC East + Ravens and Titans
&gt;Las Vegas Connor Cooks That hurt personally man :(
NFL just trying to get us and Texans out the way lol
My boy Matty Ice
Its also on ABC for people who dont get ESPN
Excuse me Connor Cooking/Matt McGroin vs Brock Lobster/Tom Absolute Savage is an exciting QB tag team matchup
I can actually imagine him saying that during the commercial break
Yeah I try to remember this. I get pissed off in a lot of games, especially when we're behind, then I remind myself we're the best we've ever been in 13 years, and have a winning season + going into the playoffs.
Raiders reporting in!
Looks tough, especially considering our divison is going to be better next year it seems. I think we'll be good enough to handle it, we went 12-4 with one of the hardest schedules this year.
&gt;For me, This season has felt like one big letdown. Me too :( We went 12-4 though, so thats pretty good, we did better than expected in a tough divison. I was so hyped up for postseason though...hence why its been a letdown
[*]
Its a joke lmao
Look at the rest of his tweets
Giants, it's due to happen again...
Titans and Broncos, maybe Redskins and Bucs
Ok.
"Washington football club"
Giants might be considered underdogs against Packs
I do the same thing when im at higher levels, when I start to get lower I skarmy clone mirror clone to take 1 tower then go back to browsing reddit
Lmao
Holy shit 99.9 for Grimes?
The execution of the winner next week
