How can they guard anyone with an L85 and those stupid hats?
Some are good, some are great, some are terrible. All are better than the fucking degenerate anime text adventure games.
What is the warranty period on children?
So, you claim that Donetsk and Luhansk have US soldiers engaged in combat right now? Source? Keep earning those rubles comrade. Given how worthless they are, you'll need as many as you can get.
lol. You should make your lies less transparent.
Lots of combat in Lviv?
Keep dancing around your claims. It amuses me.
So, how was the incident resolved?
Who gives a flying fuck what they want?
I hope she doesn't destroy her future trying to do this, because she won't succeed.
HAHAHA! They can barely get announcing the next station correctly, or which train is arriving.
What race? You can't just give poor people a large payout and expect them to succeed with it. Doesn't matter what colour their skin is.
No one forced him to incapacitate himself. Being drunk is not an excuse.
How are they taking advantage?
Why isn't it ok?
If a cabbie was upfront with charging $1k, and some foolish drunk didn't notice or care, I would congratulate the cabbie. Manipulating drunks for profit is A-Ok in my books. Drivers caught inebriated should be summarily executed.
This is entirely untrue. I applaud your efforts to keep the lower classes from VR technology.
&gt; But I think good-will would be to buy back the licenses. Fuck that. Licenses were never meant to be a retirement investment, and the government is under no obligation to maintain their value.
Given their performance in Yemen, I'm unconcerned with selling the Saudi's weapons, since they are unable to use them effectively.
Fuck, that was close! Can you imagine the terror that would have been wrought if this man continued to collect things?! A whole 0 people could have died. Meanwhile, my elderly neighbour still has her driver's license, something that is guaranteed to end in tragedy, and yet nothing can be done.
Why the flying fuck would Israel cooperate with the UN on anything? The UN has allowed itself to be used as a political cudgel against Israel for a long time.
They should skip the harrier entirely and get the A7 done next. It would do really well next to F-18 and F-14.
On the other hand, Luckey claimed that it would be roughly in the ballpark of $350 as late as September. Previous numbers thrown about were between $200 and $400. Nebulous hints do not trump real numbers, so it's understandable why people feel betrayed.
With a launch price like that, I expect developers will think twice about continuing with VR support. Will the Elite Dangerous and DCS devs be able to justify the development time to support a niche product like this with their already niche software?
$65 shipping? Do you live in Alert?
I was worried we wouldn't get the opinion of worthless youtubers. Thank god for adblocker.
You needed a 2nd lung scan because they fucked the 1st one up. You still have to pay for their fuckup though.
"Remember all that shit about ballparks and price ranges? I was just lying to keep the hype train hyping."
People volunteer to make themselves feel better? So the fuck what? They get to feel better, people get help. Everyone wins. As long as they don't volunteer my time and resources against my will, I don't see a problem.
Rage against vague PR bullshit when the fog of war is finally removed is good and should be encouraged, not suppressed.
The idea that all of Canada should remain poor with a weak dollar so that Southern Ontario can compete with shitholes like Mexico or Alabama for car manufacturing as a way to fix the economy is pretty laughable.
He made a mistake by lying when responding to those morons.
People should remain upset. Not about the price but about how they were misled. Marketing goons the world over need to learn that their obfuscating bullshit and lying about ballparks has consequences.
Many of my friends have done exactly this, and every day it seems more and more foolish that I don't follow.
This is how we defeated alcoholism, right?
This may be one of the most effective inadvertent arguments against socialized medicine I've ever seen. "Since the government pays your health bill, the government gets to decide how you live." No thanks.
Well, except for the fact that Ghadafi sponsored multiple terrorist attacks in the west and had turned Anti aircraft weapons on protesters. He was an enemy of the West, and only calmed down once Bush went crazy in Iraq, and Ghadafi realized he could be next on the hitlist. When an opportunity to easily remove him presented itself, it is no surprise that it was taken.
Except of course, the Mujaheddin that the CIA armed in the Afghanistan war didn't become the Taliban or Al Qaeda, they became the Northern Alliance. Hardly good guys, but not a real problem for anyone in the West.
They don't have "The Omega Virus" so it is the worst thing ever.
Calgary teen clearly has too much time on her hands. Maybe the CBE should open up a labour camp for after school activity?
&gt;losing 25% of the condo value is a valid concern No it isn't. No one is promised that their property value will only go up.
Exactly. Shitting on Veterans has always been Canadian.
Anyone who would kill themselves because of what a shirt says is welcome to do so.
Ha Ha. Fuck you. Your magic Sky-man is stupid and you should feel ashamed for believing what you do. Go bang your head towards Santa Claus or eat crackers pretending they are people somewhere else.
Hopefully Inglewood gets washed away in the next flood. Replace it with some nice condos.
Ukraine got rid of its nuclear weapons, look where that got them. North Korea developed nuclear weapons, and lil' Kim can do whatever he likes to the Hermit Kingdom. Nuclear weapons aren't going anywhere. This is a wasted effort.
Wait, some people get GST back?!
If the Oculus Store is as bad as the pre-order system they have in place, I will be very unhappy.
Well, I certainly wouldn't trust data produced by city officials at the behest of their political masters.
&gt; I do so love the media portrayal of CPS. When a child is taken into care "THOSE EVIL CPS WORKERS!". When something happens to a child that wasn't brought into care "THOSE STUPID CPS WORKERS!". Of course, this is well deserved thanks to the brutal incompetence on display at CPS.
The Liberals weren't about to forget their friends. Why else would someone go into politics in Canada?
Break the public unions entirely.
On a positive note, we can replace all dirty energy production by harvesting energy from Christopher Hitchens' spinning corpse.
Fuck no. Send people who can't save to labour camps.
Lazy asshole charged for not clearing off his vehicle? Good.
lol, what a joke. Is the Hawk even functional yet?
The solution is global warming is nuclear power and nuclear weapons. Any other proposals are just feel-good nonsense.
No No No No No. An Olympic bid is such a bad idea it makes the NEXT project look like a good use of public funds.
Insulting stupid people is a good thing. The stupid, worthless vermin who populate our lands must be reminded of their subhuman status on a regular basis. Of course, climate deniers fit in well with anti-vax types in the stupid vermin category.
Being white didn't help the nutjobs at Waco.
CoH players are whiny little bitches sometimes, so Relic had to make a change.
Sounds like this guy decided to cross in the middle of the road, away from any crosswalk, in low-visibility conditions? Changing the rules of the road won't stop stupidity like that.
Hunter was brought in to do exactly what he is doing. He is a hatchet man.
It's fine. Any cost is justifiable because it makes some guilt ridden people feel slightly better about themselves.
But, you are so weak ISIS. Even if you managed to unite all islamic nations under one banner, you would still be a distant 6th after the US, EU, China, India, and Russia. So, good luck?
Nah. Sacrificing our way of life to save some from the Middle East is not humane, it is simply foolish. Global warming, economic upheaval, and Islam will conspire to make sure that the history of Africa and the Middle East will be one of death in the 21st century. The smartest thing we can do about it is pretend it isn't happening, because we can't stop it. We can only hurt ourselves trying.
If something is hard to do and you won't get anything out of it, but risk losing everything, then it is not worth doing.
How the fuck did this get to court, and when will proceedings against the crown prosecutor responsible begin?
If his duties as cabinet minister are preventing him from representing his constituents maybe he should resign as from the cabinet.
How is one any less natural than the other?
People are generally unhappy with Russian puppets and Islamic Republics, so being happy about their demise isn't really a bad thing.
&gt; For 10 years Alberta turned its back on Ontario as its manufacturing was being hollowed out by Harper's "energy superpower" push. Fuck off. The energy industry was the only thing keeping the Canadian economy going for the last 10 years. Ontario is no longer competitive as a manufacturer. Energy prices are too high, labour costs are out of this world. The idea that we should fuck the entire god damned country with a low dollar just to mask that is ridiculous. Why should everyone impoverish themselves just to make Ontario slightly more attractive (but not attractive enough to save its industry from Mexico)
&gt; "Greaaat, another trainer..." Yup, another product I won't buy. Good luck with it anyway.
You mean this? &gt;At this stage, whether we develop the Embraer 312 (Tucano) or Embraer 314 (Super Tucano) has not been decided. The part where you waffle and suggest you might make something a little less trainer-tastic? This is DCS, and I will believe it the moment you release it, and not a second earlier. C'mon man, this is DCS development, we all know the score.
&gt; At this stage, whether we develop the Embraer 312 (Tucano) or Embraer 314 (Super Tucano) has not been decided.
was yyc_guy convicted in a court of law?
Because prices are only elastic in an upwards direction.
Quebec deserves to be viewed with contempt. Somehow they manage to be less prosperous than the small prairie provinces and more needy than the tiny maritime provinces. Quebec is the little fat kid who always has his hand out for another share.
Still fine. Sell them all the weapons we can. They are all going to die anyway, if we can make a buck off it, I say go for it.
How does someone who helped blow up an airliner not spend his entire life in jail? The only reason he should ever leave his cell is to hang.
Locals were living in the hotel?
Can it be brought back by travelers? The 2016 Olympics could be exciting.
If only equalization payments were the only way Quebec was patronized.
I guess I only have a little experience with hotels but I would have never expected hotel prices to be cheaper than rent. Even shitty hotels. I guess it depends on the area.
His brain was not available for comment, having been recently destroyed.
Of course on the front page today... http://news.sky.com/story/1631065/zika-virus-may-have-spread-to-common-mosquito
lol, fuck off with the Sanders nonsense. US forces during the occupation of Iraq not telling the buffoons in Baghdad about their contingencies is not a surprise, because it wouldn't help anyone. You can even see it in the quote, the director of the dam rejects the idea that there is even a problem.
You can't argue with the CRA. this woman is a liar and clearly dead.
BC isn't the lumbering welfare case Quebec is though.
Transit's rentacop goons seem to be travelling in groups of 8, locking down a station each night to catch deadbeats. seems like a good plan if they have the numbers to maintain security across the system as well.
Only The Onion. This is That is trash.
Nah, it isn't just equalization payments, and it is really just Quebec. The patronage of Quebec at the expense of other provinces, especially the have-not provinces, is obscene.
Isn't the fine something like $300 now?
lol at everyone in the last thread who thought the league would look at the preceding brain impact as a factor. This is the Gary Bettman show, and here, the crystal ball decides punishment
Yeah, this post is taking up valuable bytes that could be used on another doom and gloom story.
because god. Now excuse me while my brain dribbles out of my head.
and when it comes to famous people I have trouble believing anything. People are psychotic.
Thanks for the counterargument. much good reading will be had.
and prices will rise to pay the wages, and the mincome will be poverty-tastic.
Going to the moon was an accomplishment of our very best minds. Mincome is spending our wealth on some of the very worst.
