Bruce Garrioch is the source, so take it with a grain of salt
Mod note: Reddit doesn't let us sticky actual links, only .self posts.
Ironic that it was Draisaitl robbing Appleby.
One day my 'read' pile will be larger than my 'to-read' pile. One day.
**Floating City: A Rogue Sociologist Lost and Found in New York's Underground Economy** - 20% done so far, very entertaining. This guy is a great writer for a sociologist.
Dorkside has offered to merge subreddits, but we keep this one open because it's a free-for-all. No bans, no restrictions on content. It's a useful alternative for those who find value in that.
No, it shouldn't happen.
thatsthejoke.jpg
Chris Pronger should have won the Conn Smythe in both 2006 and 2007.
Playing with Fire, by Theoren Fleury. Hockey player who was molested by his coach as a junior, went on to become an all-star, won the Stanley Cup, and then got mixed up with coke and strippers and wound up in rehab.
Russian scrabble must be a fucking nightmare
...anyone?
&gt; You can't let guys get away with infractions because you're trying to even up the calls 100% agree. Game management is ridiculous. I don't care if they let calls go, as long as they call it evenly both ways. &gt; or just decide to put your whistle away for a game and "let them play". That's when guys take matters into their own hands. Disagree. When the refs tend to "let them play" is usually times like playoff overtime, when nobody is stupid enough to do something like "take matters into their own hands", because nobody wants to be the guy who took an overtime penalty in a playoff game. &gt; There's nothing about hockey as a game that means people somehow get inherently more emotional and unable to control themselves. I think there is. It's a small playing surface, it's completely enclosed with no escape for the players or for the momentum, the game is played at tremendous speeds, the energy expended is more than any other team sport, collisions are unavoidable, play is generally continuous and can build into a crescendo as opposed to the NFL or MLB where it's done in segments, every second of every game is a constant puck battle which means there are countless instances of direct competition/conflict, etc. The NHL is a perfect storm for rising testosterone to require an outlet. &gt; Fights in hockey are significantly more dangerous than other sports exactly because of the poor footing and ice surface. I guess I'd have to disagree with you based on my belief that the more dangerous part of the fight tends to be the actual fight rather than the surface they're standing on.
Miller gets the start next year, if he fails then Lack is the #1 and we have an expensive backup. If Lack is traded, replace Lack with Markstrom. There's no controversy.
I think the real problem starts with L and rhymes with Puka Sbisa.
&gt; Hasek meanwhile (around the same age) lost his starting job to a late 30's Chris Osgoode. Hasek was 43 when this happened, and he's a goalie who relies on raw athleticism. &gt; Also there was less talent in the NHL during the Buffalo Sabres years, for example that Dallas Stars team they lost to wasn't incredibly stacked or anything. What? Yes it was... that was a powerhouse team. Did you watch hockey back then? &gt; I think when comparing the two's accomplishments when talking about the Stanley Cup Brodeur is more accomplished. You're alone there. Hasek did way more with way less. The 1998 and 1999 Sabres teams would have been lottery teams without the Dominator. At his peak he was the best goalie in history. Brodeur was an above average netminder with a great secondary skill.
You can't teach vision.
&gt; And I'll take back stopping 3 Stanley Cups over 1 any day of the week. Corey Crawford over Ed Belfour then? &gt; Brodeur beat Detroit/Dallas and took Colorado to 7. Lemaire beat Detroit, team defense beat Dallas. If Buffalo took Dallas to seven, Hasek would have won the Smythe. &gt; Brodeur simply has a resume that can't be matched. I guess the only thing we're really disagreeing on is the importance of a resume without context.
didn't Elysian just get purchased by a huge beer company?
I get the feeling we'll be re-using this a lot.
NBC Sports cites Bar Down citing /r/hockey. It's weird.
There are still teams that are way under the cap, therefore there's more room for money to be made.
Yep, Seabrook is the classic #2, like Kevin Lowe or Adam Foote
To be fair, these days Shore would be in jail before he made it out of junior hockey.
Yup, Don Cherry's first autobiography goes into it a bit.
Fetisov
Pillage the Norwegian league to get Mathis Olimb on defense
Birdwatchers
I predict you will build exactly one paratrooper unit in this game.
Hollywood accounting 102
I removed yours, you had it starting 57 seconds in
I foresee Finnish beer commercials in Teuvo's future.
Guessing more teams are calling on Lehner because they assume he's the one Ottawa is trying to trade.
Swedish Twins needs to be #1
Glenn Hall gets credit for it, but you're right, Roy made it popular
Noel Picard. Happens all the time. Tripping isn't that bad.
You want me to stop posting hockey news that I find?
You're wrong about me having an agenda. My only goal here is to post as much news as I can to /r/hockey. That's what I've been doing for five years. Get over yourself. If you want different news posted, do it yourself. If you want to debunk bad news, do it in the comments.
&gt; You won't need to assume it is because I know you already believe that we will re-locate and it is what you want. What the hell? You don't know shit. Bettman has made it clear he wants hockey in Arizona and he is a guy who gets what he wants. &gt; Like I said before, I would like if you were to post some positive stuff about us If the Coyotes megathread in the HF Business section had positive stuff I'd post it. **For the last time, I don't discriminate between good and bad news. I just post everything. I want /r/hockey to be the gateway for hockey news on the internet. I do what I can to make that happen. If you think I have any other agenda, you're being paranoid.**
&gt; Well "I just post everything" is a lie. If you in fact did post "everything" it would be literally everything. I post hockey news I find on HF, Twitter and EliteProspects. I don't discriminate. &gt; Also the lines you used earlier of "You're not special and neither is your team" and "You're not entitled to good news" just show how much of a dbag you are. I'm just annoyed because every time I post something about the Coyotes, every insecure Coyotes fan thinks I'm out to make them feel bad. &gt; You don't see me commenting shit about the Canucks and how they aren't important. You should, it's pretty easy. The Canucks fuck up a lot. And I said 'special', not 'important'. I thought you were advocating for accuracy.
&gt; When 95% of this sub hates you, and you are so outnumbered in the comments, it is nice to be able to not see a negative article about us because we know before that popped up, everyone's hate for us was kinda subsided and we could come together in piece and enjoy hockey. As soon as something like that gets posted though, it just goes all down hill from there. Nobody hates Coyotes fans. You only get comments from the outspoken vocal minority of assholes. And lately I've noticed that "lol just move already" comments get massively downvoted, so... mission accomplished. &gt; I want them to have every correct article. Again, my point this entire time. My understanding is that there is a lot of uncertainty surrounding the Coyotes, even to the experts. Lots of creative accounting and weird out clauses that even the most attentive hockey fans don't fully get. I'm not positive that we can definitively say what's correct with regards to the Coyotes. I will say two things for sure, though. Bettman will not let the Coyotes relocate, so as long as he's in charge they are safe. And the team remaining in the Phoenix TV market is beneficial for the league. Hockey purists want a team in Quebec City and they don't care where they get it from. People who understand the big picture business side of the game would prefer the team stay in Arizona. I just wish they never moved out to Glendale.
BUILD
Also, TIL that Martin Rucinsky hasn't retired yet.
You might not have won the Cup in 1993 if you didn't trade him. Butterfly effect!
The Wirtz family does not have a history of being accommodating to expansion teams.
Probably just hockey purists who want to stick with time honoured traditions such as the shootout
Canucks were supposed to get one of these expansion slots but Wirtz/Norris co-owned a decrepit arena in St. Louis that they wanted to sell, so they used their Board of Governor powers and gave the 6th expansion slot to St. Louis... even though nobody had submitted a bid.
Guns, Germs and Steel / Collapse, two books by Jared Diamond. First one goes into why the successful civilizations on Earth were successful. Second one goes into why civilizations collapse.
It would be a huge mistake to trade him. He wouldn't waive his ntc anyway.
He'll put up a point per game until January, helping cement a playoff spot for the Flames, and then he'll get hit with his head down by Ryan Suter while skating through center ice with the puck, beginning a long career of concussion/recovery cycle.
Shaone Morrissonn. THAT'S NOT HOW YOU SPELL THAT. FUCK THAT GUY. FUCK HIS PARENTS.
He has a permanent look on his face like he's about to invite you to an orgy in a German night club.
1996 Red Wings, 1984 Islanders, 1983 Oilers, 1976 Flyers, 2011 Canucks, 2007 Sabres
It's either this or Instagram photos of Shawn Matthias at the beach with his girlfriend
Situations that were handled better than Jonathan Drouin's icetime during the current playoff run
The '96 team had Yzerman and Fedorov in their primes, as well as Fetisov, Konstantinov, Larionov, Primeau, Coffey, Ciccarelli, etc. Way more stacked. By 2006, a lot of the core was pretty old, and Datsyuk/Zetterberg weren't world beaters quite yet. I think Datsyuk was still considered a playoff choker at that point. I really don't think it's close.
I would laugh but I'm too busy crying
They were actually better with Shanahan and Murphy, but those are still some impressive players to have as spare parts
Articles about goalie controversies in Vancouver
METRE
What a dumb comment.
I don't keep many old books. Kind of a minimalist. Outside of my rare/expensive hockey history books that are out of print, 95% of my physical collection is books that I haven't read yet.
It is done
My job is professional drunk dialer
I love you too but I think we should just stay friends
I see why Patrick Sharp married you!
I stand by my mistake
Are you trying to steal my job?
Yes it pisses me off that people are so confident in their ignorance People like you elected George W. Bush
**Thinking, Fast and Slow, by Daniel Kahneman** Just finished **Floating City: A Rogue Sociologist Lost and Found in New York's Underground Economy, by Sudhir Venkatesh** - he's a talented writer and a good sociologist but this book doesn't really go anywhere. The story just flames out after a while and he attempts to find meaning in it but it just falls flat. Still worth reading.
&gt; Never seen a colon used like that. That's what she said
It's definitely a slow reader. Thick with information, not much filler. Maybe a little repetitive.
Still waiting on that cheque from Central City.
Ok, thanks for corroborating my suspicion. For a second there I thought I'd been watching too much House of Cards.
&gt; NHL commissioner Gary Bettman refuted reports Thursday that an announcement was imminent on the sale and relocation of the Atlanta Thrashers to Winnipeg. &gt; "So people just make this stuff up, right?" said Bettman, who was attending Game 7 of the Western Conference semifinals between the Detroit Red Wings and San Jose Sharks. "Where's the accountability from all the people who a month ago were saying that Phoenix was definitely going? Whatever is being written [about Atlanta] is being made up." - May 2011
How do you come up with those odds?
&gt; Given how much money they've sunk into the Coyotes, why stop now? http://www.lifehack.org/articles/communication/how-the-sunk-cost-fallacy-makes-you-act-stupid.html
I wouldn't have pegged MacKinnon to be near the bottom of that group in acceleration
Obviously we need ridiculous titles
I think /u/LAKingsDave has a list, but I'm not sure if that's the one it is. My brain isn't working right now.
They don't get paid in the playoffs
Reloads? Laaame
He has definitely mentioned before that conference alignment isn't much of a consideration with regards to expansion.
&gt; What are the Coyotes supposed to do? I suppose I'm being naive by wishing they would just leave it be and move the team to Phoenix.
&gt; People who think it's great need to travel more. To cities like Paris and London who have been developing their transit system for a hundred years?
Admins are getting heavy with banning subreddits and shadowbanning users without explanation. Most people believe it's so that the site is more palatable for advertisers.
You mean [Powerplay Specialist Byron Ritchie](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3PW4Z3lX2Pk)
"Without explanation" refers to the shadowbanning of users. They are notoriously lacking transparency on that.
&gt; many more are anti-subsidizing professional sports teams. As everyone should be...
I'll be the bad guy, he has no chance. Just didn't do enough in the regular season to justify his awful postseason experiences.
Because if you let too many people in, it loses its meaning. More exclusive = higher honour.
That phrase doesn't work in this situation!
LOUD NOISES
hella
Ain't nothing wrong with Langway
The player algorithm at that site is horrid.
No point, the festival would end after one hour
I think that's a weak argument. Any player you need to make that argument for should probably be left out.
Reddit auto-downvotes posts when they get to a certain popularity as part of some kind of algorithm? I don't really know, but it's possible to have downvotes without anyone actually downvoting you
The first of the legendary Predator defenseman pedigree.
