I felt the feels
I just hope it's not another cat :(
6pm in NYC...what's the problem? Looks normal to me. Every road red with an accident...check.
He was highly flawed, but you see the world through his eyes so it is very easy to relate to him.
He was a gray character in Life of David Gale. While for altruistic reasons, he allowed some really shitty stuff to go down.
I would argue he was the good guy in Glengary Glen Ross. You might have hated how he chewed out Jack Lemmon, but he was just doing his job as head of the office. Also it was one of my favorite roles of his: he was relatively unknown and surrounded by Legends of acting. Yet he was able to shine as brightly as every one of them.
41yo here. Loved the Farcry series. Also Fallout so far. Yet, I am a patient gamer, I can wait till it goes on sale. I am still waiting for GTA V to drop to 30 or less (we'll see what happens during the summer sale)
The ones that got me were: Of course I cheated and I had every right to because.....
Only with guys shitlord...if you want to prevent rape culture, feminists should only date feminists, even if straight. If you have straight sex, you are contributing to the patriarchy. ^am ^I ^doing ^this ^right?
7) some do, but it's usually more women who will shame other women who are sexual. I don't see it much anymore with the younger crowd.
This is a retarded article... Come at me xir!
Someone seems to be trying to make another go at it, even if not the original group.
Doesn't mean a bunch of kids are trying to get another one going. I mean, their parents will pay for a lot so who knows. I guess we will see when the times comes.
Same show: Pounding the pussy: http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m7uxj6vwAb1qciqjmo1_500.png
This made me very uncomfortable. Can I yell triggered yet?
Now you did it Shitlord. Now that you have apologized, I can refuse to accept it and bash you even further for no reason other than to espouse my superiority. I have to be doing this right by now.
They'll find the driver. Cases like this get solved. Way too many cameras around and kid dying is high profile.
After the blood bath it fell apart to me. It just never carried the momentum and skill as the first half of the movie. Ben Foster's role was great though and worth it just for that.
The mods of that group were a-holes themselves and were not that great. I don't know if they participated in the transgressions, but let's not kid ourselves. It was a shitty sub that was run terribly. Had the Mods had any control, they would not be in the position they are in now. I do know that there were pics that were stolen from certain sites and it took a lot of effort to get them taken down. One site was a BDSM social site where the pics are the property of the site and the poster. It was posted by a member who was basically a FPH type guy and called out for being an ass to other members on the site. As revenge, he thought it would be a laugh to post their photos on FPH. This is DANGEROUS, as it basically outed people who might have had their livelihoods damaged.
Imagine if Feminists were as disgusted with females who: cry rape to get back at men when no rape occurred or they just regretted it later; faked pregnancy so they can keep their boyfriends (also the women who sell used pregnancy tests to these females) ; who want out of a marriage and then claim abuse so they can get an edge on child custody or alimony; who verbally attack other females for not agreeing with their definition about how the world works; If they did all this, feminism in the west would not have the negativity associated with it as it does today. Then we could all work together to build and maintain an egalitarian society where the measure of a person's worth is not based upon race or sex, but on their actions and deeds.
Instead of a station, how about a planet? Also they could have a funeral with a funeral space barge you can follow for a few jumps till it hits the orbit of the memorial planet. It then shoots the remains to the planet (just like in Star Trek 2). I think it is okay for a planet, as there are many planets with just (planet 1b, ect) as the name.
Let's be honest here. Once the pain started, he was already at an advanced stage. With Cancer and other diseases, you need to get screened BEFORE signs show up. This is part of what the ACA was designed to do. If you have any health insurance that is ACA compliant your check ups and screenings are free. Everyone, find a time to go for your yearly physicals and don't wait for the last minute. PS: Sorry for your loss
Reminds me of the CK Louis joke where the doctor was like "Yea he probably has a bunch of tumors in his head."
No, you see. Guys are supposed to make any advances. Although, if you are wanted, it is reciprocated, and if not, then you are a rapist.
[another love story](http://imgur.com/555hb3D)
I think a lot of the posters in this sub are like: http://imgur.com/gallery/WaZGn
How is it compared to a MKIII?
I am guessing it is pretty heavily armored so even if you are getting your ass kicked you can jump away.
Not every company does this. Just look at Activision, especially the CoD series. Unless you think paying more for a 4 year game than a 1 year game is sale. I actually think Bethesda is doing more so we forget the whole "paid mods" debacle.
While that was one thing I thought of, I thought that having the ring would be even more dangerous if they know she was the ex-khaleesi
Are we really sure? It's almost too perfect. Even if not, it's kind of like MisandryMermaid at this point? It is just like fishing in a koi pond, just too easy and there is no need to get the fish out, you just go to the pond to visit the new fish.
You do have to remember that movies take some time to make. Just the actual film shooting was over 70 days. Then there is the prep for the role (he had to get more tan than he normally is, maybe work out to be more buff as he had to appear 'alpha') Then there is post production work (often actors will re-dub their voices for the film or even do reshoots after the main filming is done). Then there is doing the pre-release tour to get the word out (even for a film like this, they need to do the press run and everything) Basically an A-list high profile movie can take almost a year of work, so even getting the scale fee is money earned. On top of this, there is no guarantee there is another movie lined up right away. Some actors can get steady work right after every film (Samuel L Jackson). Others will do one movie a year, like Tom Cruise. Now if you are in a b-role and don't get steady work or really high pay like either of these actors, 60,000 can hold you for a while till you can hopefully get another job. Not to mention that the pay comes without deductions so they need to pay their own benefits and taxes (remember what happened to Wesley Snipes?).
See another dentist. It shouldn't hurt. I had one done, it was painless. The only thing that happened was at about 1am that evening I woke up, felt like I had a really bad toothache for about 10 mins, then it stopped and never felt anything in that tooth again.
Basically it takes a few episodes to get into it as it doesn't go for flash and it is setting up the whole series. As such, once it hits it's stride, it rarely lets go and it becomes one of the greatest media experiences you can encounter.
Looks good, but wasn't supposed to be released 2 years ago? I am worried that we are going to see a repeat of WatchDogs and it will be some great ideas, but won't live up to the hype they are projecting.
I feel as if she has been in the longest "friendzone" ever. She was willing to live a shitty life just to be with her love, even if not returned.
I noticed that a lot of it is perceptions and what you already have. I just think it was a shitty sale because I was expecting GTA5 to have at least a 20 dollar drop and be a highlight. Adding a "money card" and selling it for the same price is just insulting. Nothing else really looked worth it to me as money is tighter for me right now. Hopefully things will be good for the winter/x-mas sale.
Good ol' Cobleskill. If you ever want to see the most pathetic State University Campus, go there for a visit.
no spoilers, but will say it is one of my favorites and it will be one of yours as well. Edit&lt; I watched it early because I have work related stuff later today and was going to miss it anyway.
Unless you come out as Transblack, like the ex NAACP chick.
Basically every restaurant I have ever seen on that show was so close to death, it would have taken a miracle to keep it open. Let's face it, we should celebrate the fact that the show has kept ANY restaurant open, even if by accident. The worst one was the Indian food place with the roaches. It kept me from eating out for a while afterwards.
Yea, I don't watch it. I just watch the Adult Swim shows to fall asleep to, and for regular times only SU, Adventure Time, and if it's on and I am working Gumball. That's about it.
What happened was they were forced to give up their tips. It's scummy because people were giving it based upon the service of the waitress. A lot of people would not have tipped if they knew it was going to the house.
The fact it was in front of Greg. And Greg's reaction was amazing, just starting as he tried to remove the record stylus from the record.
Not sure. If I recall it was in New Jersey if I am recalling correctly.
Well let's face it. The police are made up of a larger percent of high school graduates who couldn't do much else. Of course they are racists. I feel the cops are more like the crew shown in Generation Kill. You have a small number of elite people who are smart and know what the hell they are doing. A whole lot of people who will do their jobs and follow orders even if retarded. They also are usually racist, but not mean people in general. Then there's Dave "Captain America" McGraw, who is going to end up shooting first and asking questions later.
Just think about this, most of us have flash drives larger than this HD.
You just fucked up my day :(
The comments remind me of the scene in Jaws when the Mayor is talking about the bounty on the shark and Quint scratches the blackboard to get everyone's attention and to remind them that he is the professional and stating how much it will really cost.
I think this is expected. Some people are grab one popcorn at a time type. Others are grab a few or a fist full at a time.
But they are not immortal (at least not how we take it). If the gem cracks, they are no longer the gem they were. The shards might live in some fashion, but it's not the same. This is why Garnet was so overcome with horror and grief when she realized that the shards were forced into fusion (also that they were former friends as well, but they are nothing but monstrosities now) Obviously however they view themselves, they don't understand organic life and most gems probably see it as a nuisance. It was Rose who first realized that humans were something to fight for and might have intelligence. In terms of reproducing, this is what the Kindergarten was. There is probably something special about Earth (it is rich in organic material maybe) that lets it be good for this, however it is at the cost of the planet which would die out. It is similar to a Virus that reproduces using a host cell, but doesn't understand that it's reproduction, might also be it's destruction. Sugar is very aware of this and it's why the vessels in Kindergarten all look like virus. So in this case, Gems are like Virus. They are set and very few will ever grow in maturity beyond a dumb virus. Who knows what that means for their society, I guess we will see in future episodes (too bad we don't have future vision)
While one of the weakest Marvel movies IMO and easily the weakest of the first phase, it's not BAD. Just partly bland (except the Hulk scenes themselves). Also who's idea was it to get Omar Little in the movie and not even give him a speaking role?
The original cut was bland. The Director's cut is literally one of the best movies of the year. Also Norton does such a great job, he kills it, even though he wears a mask the entire time.
The first one was decent. It was a bit of a side step as it didn't really top the previous pixar movie in terms of quality and it was done during Pixar's Golden Age (where everything they were putting out was 5 star, top 100 movie quality). It was more marketable to kids, even with some of the adult themes, but the adult themes were more innuendo type to go over kids heads. This contrasted very much from the current crop of pixar movies which are more adult movies if you think about the themes yet they were family friendly. Then the 2nd movie came out and it was clearly a kid's fart jokes are funny type of movie with very little for adults to enjoy. As such, they get a lot of hate as it was the first 'chink in the armour' for Pixar and showed they were not some perfect studio that can do no wrong, but they were like any other studio and that they can make mistakes, cater to the dollar, and make bad films. Had these movies came out during the era when Brave came out I think people would be more understanding about the quality of both movies.
First thing you should check is the head gasket for leaks. A lot of car parts places will rent it out, but you can buy it for cheap (about 25 or so).
Make sure there is an inconvenient self destruct button that will easily be pressed though. Also make sure whatever it is will help Phineas and Ferb get rid of their latest summer creation before they get busted.
Toy Story 2 and 3.
There is a lot of Nietzsche philosophy in Alan Moore's works. V for Vendetta is one of the darkest books I have ever read in this regard.
Probably not, but A lot more enjoy the stupidity of it.
Most of the sex-positive feminists I know are bi and play mostly with other woman. They PICK who they have sex with. They are not into forced servitude. Also, the ones I usually interact with in the kink community are not the raging psychos I usually see on tumblr, but the more logical types (although there is always overlap) This is why the sex-negative feminists are the worst. They are just as bad as the social conservatives who want to control anyone else's sexuality (against gay sex, kink, ect). It is all about control and nothing else. These are also the psychos who argue why gays are terrible tools of the patriarchy. Two guys having sex has nothing to do with feminism, yet they find a way to make it their issue. In almost any other capacity, these people would be ridiculed, yet in some academia, they are exalted.
Broker in CT. The exchange is fucked. I know dozens of people who were kicked off both their regular insurance and Husky because AccessHealth said they requested more information, but nothing was ever sent out (till they got their letters saying they are being kicked off). What's sad is that the CT exchange is one of the better state exchanges. I believe the ACA is in a lot of trouble and if things don't improve it will not be around for much longer.
Seeing that the CT exchange is the only one to remain profitable, it's not surprising. They actually just got rid of all their own brokers and they will now handle Husky applications while pushing regular applicants to companies like mine (or they can just apply online which is an even bigger disaster). PS: If you don't want or need subsidies, don't use the exchange, it's just extra red tape. Also use a broker, they are free (paid by the insurance companies) and the costs of the plans will be exactly the same.
Basically. I didn't mind the whole twist though as I enjoyed it for what it was. Hopefully they will do better with the next movie.
The books were so much better, but it was still a great movie. Yes it was the right thing to do. You might not like it, but it's a fucking cruel thing to do to steal someone else's kid because you can.
I was just thinking if I were to just buy a cheap fridge for my room in such a case, I would probably have to fight over it later anyway.
Well lots of fucking and sucking of course both strait, gay, bi...threesomes, foursomes, moresomes to start with. Think of a kink, it gets indulged by someone. I have seen sploshing, piercing, bondage of all sorts. There is a rope place where people just enjoy tying and suspending people. Pet play and age play are standards there. There is some primal type play (think about burning man, but much more highly sexualized than it already is) Then you just have people walking around naked or in leather, latex, spandex or whatever floats there boat (even the occasional furry, but whatever)
Remember kids, they did fuse pretty easily. Rose is kind of like a 60's hippy though with the free love if you think about it. While not one sided, the level and type of love was probably not the same though.
My speakers are great. I also use a logitech mouse for my work laptop that so far is great. I also have a spare keyboard in case my Amazon Basics craps out (I will eventually get a mechanical, but money has been tight as there is only one income right now).
I enjoy both a great deal. My favorite tea is Earl Gray. Right now Twinnings is my go to (it used to be Rishi, but it is now way too smelly now and taste wise not as good as it used to be). For Coffee, Melitta's Vienna Roast for a nice tasty morning cup in winter.
Just a line, one measly little line could have saved this and been okay.
It's never a question of IF, it's a question of WHEN. I lost a whole shitload of media on my external (which uses the internal). 95% was/is replaceable, so not the worst thing in the world, but I am still building back up to this day.
It's an amazingly well made snuff film, but that is all it is.
It's actually one of the few movies that transcend the "misfits become champion" movies, in that they are winners and they have to integrate and yet not lose. It is one of the best movies in the genre. I respect your wish to not see it, there are a few movies I know are great which I just never seen (mostly because I have never been in the mood to watch them)
There are a lot of amazing movies in the genre. Some are not really scary, but they have a horror tone to them.
Not here, not in /r/movies like a dumb animal.
I liked it a lot more than I thought I would. It was better than Red State in that Red State feels like it should have ended better. Tusk was a perfectly made movie of it's type.
I hate his personal life. I still think he can pull off any role he puts his mind to.
If it doesn't lose it's momentum, it will easily be a top 5 of mine. I am always afraid of shows that are still on as the chance of the quality can always go down. 10 years ago I would have said Simpsons and even then it was not as great as it once was, but it was still awesome. Now the later seasons just ruined the show for me for the most part.
I was happily a vegan. I started because I got really bad food poisoning from something I ate. I think it was pizza if I recall correctly. Once I was able to eat anything ever again 2 days later I just ate things with no animal products (except honey, I kept it in my diet). Cue 6 years later, I met my now ex-wife. She ate meat, she would cook a lot of things with meat. I slowly started to eat meat again. I kind of regret it as I don't feel as healthy as I used to when I was a vegan.
As an american who cannot get the real thing here (just can't find the cheese curds to even make my own).... I sooooo want this to try
Jose Caviezel did die. Jim survived and is continuing to make movies and shows.
I still like salty bird mom
Holy shit, I forgot I had this as well. It was pretty sweet (as well as a great game I was glad enough to buy again). This game got me through 9/11 when I just had to stop watching TV and would play this to forgot things.
Things happen. Our thoughts are our greatest strength and weekness. Can you recall your thoughts at the time? Did you just get a bad feeling?
Some of them have good fresh local meat. Most others carry the one in opaque packaging so you don't see what you get till you open it. NEVER get meat you can't see.
A wedding ring.
I liked a lot of the training scenes also.
in conjunction when he finds the scrapbook and realizes she was still updating it for him.
Michael Bay is the master of this (I guess his films cost so much to make as it is just CGI and explosions). Transformers (especially the last 2) were just loaded with ads.
I think if they just did that for most of the movie, it would have been much better than what was released.
The credits scene of The Watchmen. It told a lot of the backstory parts of the comic with a great song and great scenes.
I wonder how much Feminists would have loved the book/movie had the wife gotten away with setting up the guy and he went to jail/put to death for it? Because obviously if a guy cheats he deserves to go to jail, deserve to die or more. This is why I often see them show so much love to the posts by girls who destroy every worldly possession by guys they 'think' cheated on them.
I choose male as my gender because I was born with the sexual parts and chromosome of a male. I don't feel dysphoria and I like how I was born. I only recently was bombarded with the notion that because some men in the past treated women like shit, I should feel like shit even if I treated them as equal to me as human beings. As such I did not grow up hating myself for being born. Does that answer the question?
Well, I kind of do agree with the point she made about Tim Roth (it's both true in fact and how he played the character as well. I think Roth was passable in the role and he usually excels at all the roles he normally plays, but this felt like it was not for him). However, (spoilers ahead) it was a great movie that had racism because it was set right after the Civil war with people in the Southern States who fought it and had a major character who was black and wouldn't kowtow to the racists. Also one of the racists still turned out to be a good guy who ended up helping the black guy. If Samuel L Jackson (who got his start as a major actor and still works with Spike Lee) has no problem with the racism QT puts in his films, then neither should this person or anyone else. He does it for a reason and every time it is purposeful.
I loved how Days of Future Past erased it and a few other movies from existing though by altering the timeline.
It's my understanding, but I might be misinformed. Edit: I was misinformed. I heard that Daniel Craig was tired after filming because he did two movies in a row and I assumed they filmed two Bond movies together.
Pretty much, Blofeld is supposed to be an ongoing character (like in the original bond films). In this case, he was arrested so it's just a matter of him being broken out of jail and continuing on.
So this is how a horse wears pants. I guess it's settled guys.
I poop in #myCalvins
Oh dear god, kill me before I get to work like that.
