See you l8er boy
Dang, she'd be a lucky girl to get hit on by a TNA legend
But how's the PS4?
Have you played TEW? The most over wrestler in the video game is figuratively a fictional version of Adam Rose. He could get over with the right booking
No way! WAs just reading about him helping young talented in NXT a few days ago, RIP!
He had a Honda Sonata! He was nice the entire trip! I didn't talk to him too much, but my friend and him had a great convo when I left!
They call hiiiiiim Cage.
Hi
I played the entire series throughout High School but senior year passed until I could finish 3 (I started a week before prom). I felt more emotionally attached to Shepard and crew more than my friends from HS when it ended. The game will always be a massive part of my life
I'm really into a good Christian girl right now, and since she would drag me to church on Sunday, spending time in Italy exploring Venice and Florence before shuttling it to the Vatican for worship sounds like a fulfilling weekend
My first playthrough he died in the Suicide Mission. So it took me the second time around for my cry my eyes out
I definitely agree. Even unpopular characters like Jacob and Ashley each formed a bond with me that I couldn't ignore. With limited screen time, ME was able to create Legion into a beautiful, misunderstood creature and Zaeed into the king of bad asses
I just pictured him railing off that list!! Yeah, he's a world class bad ass. One of those characters you just are happy has your back with their bad assery!!
"Hahaha I will be taking over Manhattan...with the People's Elbow!!"
Pros: Has extensive playing time for a player at his age without super high expectations. I would say he has panned out quite well for someone w ho was drafted in the mid 20s. Could become a very good 3 and D player like Wes Matthews. It's up to Bud to develop this kid Cons: Didn't get the best value of the earliest non lottery pick. Still a lot of relatively good talent available for us to choose from
I know, that's what I said.
Happy birthday!
20 male California
Also pretty much most of Asia's distant uncle
Well what had happened was we went out for a movie. I ended up saying "wow you religious kids weren't allowed to watch Star Wars? That's too sheltered, in my opinion". She went off about how judgemental that was and told me thay the only way I was getting home was in her trunk. I said no way that was happening, so here I am. My Uber driver was amazing too, older guy told me all about experiences with his friends! :)
On and off, usually when I have a drink or two. I never really get drunk in public but still best not to get caught driving after a few drinks. Safer for everyone. It depends I've had 1-2 really rude drivers but the last few have been amazing!
That year the most "obvious" choice was the most intriguing. Jericho vs Punk with more fanfare could've been huge
Turning 21 in April! Not a heavy drinker but I'd love to rub elbows with community at night. I hope I prepare for it before I do
If you need a few days, save up a paycheck or two. Cities like Seattle or Memphis have hotel-airfare packages on Orbitz that cost around 300-400 bucks for half a week!
He's also in the new Star Wars movie coming out next year! There are actually two asian male protagonists in Rogue One!
MVP, Shelton and Kofi have incredible workrates. Ahmed, Lashley and Ezekiel all had relatively comparable traits based on skill and look with Reigns
Thanks el Jefe
Sunny re debut eminent
Whoa, Abyss, Ron Killings, Typical Florida man, Crazzy Steve and Dustin Rhodes it's like I'm back in TNA all over again
If Mr. Stine isn't his surprise guest on his Coachella set this year, I'll be disappointed
Yeah the writers for that episode were really bad.
I really like Smith, and I feel like it would be a fantastic feel good story for him to turn our defense around. I'm a USC fan so I traditionally dislike ND players but Jaylon is special. As for Ragland, it might be a little early but I feel like he might still be around in the 2nd come Spring time because of his lack of speed will be on display during the combine. Cravens is a bias pick, but he is one hell of a player and I think he'd actually be better at safety
Honestly at my high school, the ones with the highest grades tended to get 1900~ish scores. The issue was most didn't actually study how the test worked but instead focused on knowing the correct answers. The test is very forumalitic, I was a pretty bad student who received a 2400 because I memorized how the types of questions asked, their probability of showing up on the test and figuring out the best way to quickly answer the question without making a careless mistake. For writing, I found that Forrest Gump, the Giver and the Truman Show examples you could use on your essay for almost any prompt because they had so many diverse themes and could be seen through almost any lense
I had the unfortunate distraction of baby sitting a child last night while watching the show. Anyone knows what Cooper didn't want Aram to tell anyone else?
Honestly I think it comes down to value. If we trade him after this season he becomes an expiring contract, thus a lot less valuable on the block. We probably already have to give him away at discount, but we can at least pull something substantial. Or else it ends up being a Josh Smith situation. Had we traded Smoove around this time of his contract we could've fleeced someone big time
He's still a backup in Detroit. We can run our same system with Teague and Shroeder but run it more 50|50 rather than 70|30 that we have now. Jennings is an expiring contract so unless he becomes a major upgrade over teague, we probably will use that space on someone else
No u scare me
Funny how pre-recorded LU is yet they still found a way to be mainstream relevant with all the "Fuck Draymond" shit going on.
Chowdah and Crowdah?
I killed him for his officers outfit
Just give us Trey Burke we will become the Atlanta Wolverines
Oui noice
Big AL has declined a bit today but when he was younger he was one of the better centers in an albiet sparse Era for big men. I think Okafor is even more polished tho, if he can expand his range and get some good defenders and jump shooters around him he can be very, very good
It's okay to feel lost sometimes about these things, you're young, having your first taste of the strange world of romance. As a guy who has been on that side of the breakup, I can understand how he feels but as an adult with more experience today, I can see that guys like me who couldn't fathom how she could move on before I did. You did nothing wrong, he didn't either, but he just doesn't understand that at your young age, things change fast and all. There's nothing you can really do to fix it, other than letting him have some time to settle his heart down. I don't really suggest staying friends because he's basically remaining friends for a future chance of getting with you and when he enevitably attempts again to, he'll think you lead him on. Good luck with everything!!
It's okay! It's trial and error, I think at your age, who loves who is what matters, and I totally understand. I still sometimes feel glimpses of that myself, but honestly, focusing within your own personal boundaries is most important! Do a fun puzzle, drink some coffee, smile a bunch and just be as happy happy as you can! True love or whatever the closest thing to it, will find you if you love yourself!
I hate you. But they're pretty good.
No a doggo is a big pupper
I'm not sure about top picks yet, but none of them are busts so far. Jury is still out there whether or not Randle and Russell are better than those drafted before and after them but they've absolutely killed it with their recent second round picks. Both Nance and Clarkson are tremendous prospects as well.
Okafor and D'Angelo are both exciting prospects to be honest. I think both aren't complete products yet, unlike KAT, and that was their knock. Outside of a slight lack of athleticism, and by that, I mean mostly that he isn't Westbrook unholy athletic, Russell seemed like the more complete prospect, compared to Okafor, who seemed to be an offensive center that couldn't shoot free throws. Okafor has shown some really impressive polish for his post moves, and of course Booker and Krishaps have been incredible during their rookie years, but D'Angelo is still a solid pick.
Get the fuck out of our sub
I think the difference was how much people just didn't want Roman to win his first championship at WM 31. Whether it be Brock or Seth, people just didn't want Roman to win because of how unrealistic and forced it was for a guy who was messing up speeding train promos to the most legitimate draw that WWE has possibly ever had. The ending was so perfect because it kept all 3 strong and gave us the result we wanted that we didn't know we needed. 30 was basically not how much we didn't want Batista to be champ, albiet badly, but rather how much people wanted Daniel Bryan to finally climb on the top of the mountain. Cena, Orton and Batista, guys who normally get tons of respect, were rejected for Bryan, that's how strong the sentiment was for this to happen.
Exactly. The Hawks should know best, we got Shroeder from the Anthony Bennett draft
Probably in the mid 20s even though he's averaging 90 points a game and 30 rebounds as a point guard.
You better stop worrying about trolling on another teams sub and start worrying about PG playing in another Olympic game
My dad actually went to school with Shabazz's dad who played at USC. My dad still calls him a traitor for going across town. He also thinks Thon is 15
Here we goo
Wow. I like the trade for both teams, to be honest.
Why not both. Fingers crossed Beasley will be there at 21
Probably someone who we've never heard of.
Marquesse Chriss went to the Suns for less than the picks we had. Damn it!!
Thank God DeAndre isn't here or else those shit heads at ESPN would be playing 20 questions right now with his dead relative. Fuck ESPN
Sarcastic 22 year old DeMarre Carroll is the best Carroll
Didn't his mom forget that he played basketball?
Finally got a picked I'm really excited about and we gave it for cash.
Thanks, I'll take my golden hot pocket now.
Which one of the Cavs ~~trolls~~ guests that we hosted this postseason do you think is the guy who ate the poop at the championship parade yesterday?
Too soon *rips off Roman Reigns grown up sized onsie*
Jabari Parker tho
Bucky Barnes
Can't stump the hump!
He's ours now!!!! Pls Hawks FO
Is lie
IS LIE
During this down-time, I realized what real life was.
He lost a bet about the Cavs sweeping us until August. Half our sub admires his dedication the other wants to strangle him, and I have no idea which half I'm on.
IS LIE
The secret to being good at posting shit is to actually consume it. Good luck student
How about just making the Pelicans our developmental team?
Yup. Broadcast and shitposting go hand in hand!
Quality of qualitative posts &lt;3
We are on pace for 70 😂😂
Ronda Rousey put up a better fight 😂😂
This day keeps getting better. 2017 starting off strong af
Wait...there's still another half to go?
Dwight's significantly raised his trade value since the Celtics offered him. Realistically the Celtics wouldn't be able to take both Sap and Dwight without sending us back Horford's contract, which would be ironic to the least. But I don't think we want Horford if we rebuild. Realistically I only see us sending Dwight and Sap together to a buying team. Portland would be the probable one because of how much stronger their backcourt is. They would have to fork over McCullum but it would be the most beneficial mutual trade. Also they have a lot of large contract filler with Crabbe and and Turner. We'd probably ask for Plumlee and Von let. The Nuggets would probably be another decent target. Faried/one of their SFs as well as one of their big three prospects (Mudiay, Jokic or Murray) or Gary Harris+Nurkic/Harris. I think the Bucks could also work. They really want a center badly, and Two quality bigs along with Giannis can seriously cause match up problems with the Cavs. We'd definitely demand Jabari Parker in return as well as hometown boy Malcolm Brogdon. We'd probably have to eat the bad contracts of Plumlee and Henson but we'd still be coming out with more assets. The last buying team that could help us out would be OKC. They need some talent to pair for WB'S prime and they have some good talent and contract filler. We'd probably ask for one of their centers, Payne +and Sabonis before we even field Dwight. OKC might do it because they really need talent to field with WB because the only remotely possible star to pair with wb is Griffin because of his hometown and even that seems out there. *edit: adding on, if we did trade with the Celtics, we'd definitely need Brown and Smart. We'd probably not do it unless we also get one of their wings. If they can find a way to salary dump with us without giving us Horford we could have a deal with them e/I a 3 way trade
He actually took less money to join us. He was a consolation signing for losing Smoove he's gotten significantly better since his Jazz days
Read our top self posts. You'll know who we want on your roster
I honestly think Dunn will turn it around. Dude has all the physical tools, he just needs to develop an offensive game, and with three fantastic offensive players around him meaning he will never have to be burdened with being the primary scorer. He can easily be the Big 3 Rondo role once the Twolves go full sp00k
He's 22 years old. And also, he's not a normal player, he's a pretty dynamic athlete with speed, vertical and hustle. A similar player like Conley developed his shot into pretty consistent.
I hope you guys do, especially if you guys continue to build for the future. Even if he is making rookie mistakes, it'll be fun as hell to watch (like the Napier what-ever-the-fuck-that-was)
to the same guy
Super big respect to how your fans handled yourselves in the Rose Bowl. You guys were loud and assertive but remained polite and classy throughout the game. Most of the bad PSU fans were LA bandwagoners who had a little too much to drink. GG, and appreciate all the time you have with your superstar Barkley. Those were the best days :)
I can't wait, I'll be back in Atlanta for the first time in over a decade and I'll be going to both Hawks when Snek returns to Phillips and possibly the last game at the GA Dome. Psyched af
Roger's is graduating but Burnett is gonna be a star. He was a filler blue shirt recruit who is really making use of his opportunity
There was a LOT of fans leaving when we closed within one touchdown.
Fuck the Saints lite
Run by the same group of incompetent idiots that overpay players based on a canal street chronicles article
I'm wondering if we can make a move for Wes Matthews in a package around Bazemore contract. We could get back that shooting with defense on the other end
Bears are the best if you can find some. They usually wreck your low to average dinosaur and also rarely eat your prey because they're omnivores
Papas back! Maybe
