Absolutely. Hooked me on reading again after a decade or so hiatus. Blew through the whole Silo series in fact.
Wow. She sounds like a two year old testing your boundaries. This does not bode well for cohabiting my friend.
After reading the comments, regardless of fault, one perspective I haven't seen mentioned (I don't think,) and possibly the reason she's still with you - she's fine in a relationship without kids. Right now she's got exactly what she wants. In this particular situation, I'm sorry to say, it's going to have to be you to do the dumpin' if you want crumb-snatchers that bad.
Why so concerned with what she was doing when she wasn't "with" you? Doesn't really seem relevant imo.
Money vs. no money. Whether it's "enough" or not is irrelevant in this particular situation. You take any job if you don't have a job and need money, then you look for a better job. Seems like you need to boot her in order for her to get motivated / educated to this reality. Sounds like she's quite content being supported for... 3 years now! Oh yeah. Pig in mud. Hell, I'll move in with you if you'll support me! I don't even have a baby!! ;P Bottom line though, you don't want to be with her - so, she needs to go. Since you do care about her though, maybe talk to her about this and give her a couple of months warning before the cutoff? Another poster mentioned speaking with a lawyer - after supporting her and her child and living with her for so long, there may indeed be grounds for support - I have zero experience in this, but it may be worth researching in regards to your locale.
Definite insecurity issues there. Maybe some hints of crazy - tread carefully. That was part of your life. There's nothing wrong imo with having simple pictures of an ex (nudes may be a bit more touchy). You shouldn't have to convince her. I believe pretty much everybody has pics of an ex. Hell, I've had a couple of framed pics of a couple of ex's out for years and maintained a great relationship for a year + with a woman. I never speak with them anymore, but they are responsible for who I am today &amp; taught me some important lessons in life that I'm reminded of when looking at them. She asked who they were once, I explained, and that was the end of that - continue great relationship! (in hindsight, maybe having them out in frames is indeed a bit much - she sure didn't give two shits though)
Ha! The '14 senior motto was "Excelsior".
Sounds like there's some enabling there. Possibly some growing up that needs to be done. Taking you for granted maybe. edit: oh, you added all the diagnoses (ADHD et al). I am not one who was made or trained to deal with that symphony of insanity. Sounds like he's still got a ways to go with fixing all that. You know that saying - you can't make somebody else happy unless you can make yourself happy (or something to that effect). Seems like he's not *quiiiite* there.
Dude. When she gets back, sneak into her change purse, &amp; get those nads back. Sounds like she thinks the ring's already on her finger. You're 21!? I think you should see other people (that are old enough to go out as well) &amp; have some friggin' fun while you're young! Let her waste her youth at home with no friends (?) doing... whatever.
Eh, sry hun. Sounds like this one's done. People change. People change their minds. Sounds like you actually want someone different as well (he's a heavy gamer - sounds like you're not, you want to do stuff - doesn't sound like he likes doing stuff). Quickie outside view - cut your losses, find somebody who doesn't game as much and enjoys doing stuff! (&amp; the texting thing, when in an agreeable relationship with a girl - I certainly make it a point to *not* text females frequently, attractive or not, frequently - I mean, wtf? Maybe I'm old fashioned.) Edit: words
Ugh - serial monogamist myself. Sux huh?! Is there a future time period (a specific date maybe?) that you'll be able to spend more time with him? There's no way you can *make* more time for him? Once a week does seem a bit slim (to me anyway - had a long distance relationship where we'd get together for weekends about once every two weeks). He just needs more than you apparently have available right now. I ceased dating a girl fairly recently for the same reason (well, the main reason) - haven't dated since, but definitely happier and back on the prowl.
As a straight guy, the best rejection EVER is... "oh... sorry... I'm actually a lesbian." I mean... she's not even attracted to your entire gender!! It's literally nothing "wrong" with you. I say go for it.
Just read the tldr... it's ok to get over an ex. (?)
You went through his phone without his permission after dating him for a month. Regardless of what you found... something ain't right here.
Wow... the one girl you've slept with gets to sleep with somebody else. Pretty sure I'd be more concerned (if you end up staying with her,) about the resentment in the future of YOU not getting to sleep with anybody else. I'm a horndog though. Hope she's ready to be in the doghouse for a long time. Also... 7 years, and just now discussing marriage? Seems odd.
Ah duh. You are correct, that is not crazy.
With moondoggie on this one - women initiating is HAWT. Seems like he just needs a little direction. Throw a spark of confidence his way, maybe it'll set his manliness ablaze! (lol?)
If you're married, why is he going out with "female friends" (even if there are other people there)? If I were married, *especially* if I'd cheated, my utmost concern - if I wanted to retain my marriage, would be not to make my wife feel uncomfortable or suspicious of me in any way. If my theoretical wife was always hanging out with "guy friends" without me I'd probably be a wreck too. Meh - I'm old fashioned. Perhaps he doesn't know it makes you feel this way? May be time for some couples counseling.
Sounds like you're the one who isn't happy. You want a girlfriend that has time for you and isn't a stoner. Seems fairly reasonable. If she's not willing to put in some effort to free up some time between work and weed for you, I see no end to your plight.
Can't believe this isn't higher. The most emotionally draining movie I've seen in a long time. (course, long time SW fan)
Indeed. Sounds like a giant pain in the ass. (TLDR - don't book via 3rd party.)
Indeed. I would personally still afford my parents a large amount of leeway / say-so in my life if still (even partially) depending on them for financial support / shelter.
You likely have her past experience to thank for her rocking your world. ;P
&gt;I am so afraid that she will come here and I personally will be like, "no I don't want this, it was a mistake" and I don't want her to fly all that way for nothing. Uh... so tell her not to come?
How can this situation even come up? If I were considering dating one of my friends ex's.... I'd fucking ask?! "Hey, would it bother you if I dated /u/S3MC? Oh no? Not cool? I completely understand man. No worries bud."
&gt;I'm just a little miffed that it didn't work out. Ugh... I know. I feel you. Different situation, but still communicate with an ex that is nearly perfect in every way... but I'm just not attracted to her like I was at the start (not her fault at all - &amp; she didn't change, but I did - plus it was long distance anyway), but yeah... pretty upset that I apparently can't "pick" her. Stuff just doesn't work out sometimes, but hey - makes us who we are, &amp; oh that wisdom... that glorious glorious wisdom. Worth it's weight in gold. It's good to question what (&amp; who!) you want out of a relationship. Don't ever stop.
Right?! I mean... I pretty much forgot there was missionary &amp; on top!!
Gotcha. Absolutely. Nothing wrong with getting other perspectives! Especially with a decision of this gravity. You've proved yourself wise, capable and intelligent already and will make a good decision. Regardless of that decision, these kids have a great aunt. Keep that bit up! ;)
Ugh. Terrible luck in relationships. Maybe a bad "picker"? While I do believe men are innately predisposed to "spreading seed", I think the majority of us are able to overcome that primal urge and see the benefits of monogamy. I "cheated" once on a girl I was dating, we hadn't even really had the "exclusive" conversation yet, but I still felt like it was wrong in my head. Ended that relationship after a bit, but have certainly never even come close otherwise because I remember what that felt like. Also been cheated on as well. No fun. Hang in there. Plenty of monogamous guys out there. After a bit of a problem with trusting from wife cheating / divorce - came to the conclusion that you have to trust them until they betray that trust. Can't live life not trusting. Not really anyway. But yes, as a man, a happy monogamous relationship is one of my life goals. :)
Would it hurt to give it a shot? Good paying jobs ain't exactly growin' on tree's these days. Sure, be skeptical! But go see if they've changed. You're probably a sure hire from past experience / references I'd imagine. That's fairly tough to come by. Don't like it? Meh- start trying to find something else while you're working there.
Wha? Didn't "think you were worth it"? They said that or that's something you assumed? Seems like there's definitely something you're not telling us here.
I'm so sorry this has happened to you. Was in a scarily similar situation. Suggested counseling, was informed it was "too late" at almost the same point you're at - maybe it'll work for you. Also, this is not your fault. She's been cheating on you and you're headed for divorce. I hope you had a prenup.
Couples counseling seems a bit extreme for a couple of 20 year olds who have been together for six months.
Hmmm... I think it's time to pry a bit - and this simply boils down to communication really. You expressed yourself really well through this comment - maybe base a "line of questioning" on it (or hell, show it to him!) You're super awesome for being so respectful and patient with this guy, but yep - you're a woman with needs. Virginity is a big deal, but it ain't (imo) THAT big a deal. Plus, he's 19, seems like it's time to get on with the gettin' on. No sexually mature woman of your age should be without tha good luvin's. If he's unwilling to provide that (or much less communicate his reasoning why), it may be time to throw in the towel. I, personally, wouldn't entertain the surrogate partner. Move on before you throw more variables into this complex equation.
Well, sure, I suppose it's technically *always* a viable option, but if they're already having sexual compatibility and communication problems six months in... that's a pretty big sign that there's something underlying that no counseling is going to fix in the long run. Have you ever heard of a twenty year old couple that's been together six months going to couples counseling?!
!!! &gt;OP didn't mention anything about communication problems... &gt;It doesn't sound as though either of them have made an effort to talk about it. Is this thing on? ;)
He's not a female virgin though. He's a 19 year old man that's been getting blow jobs and hand jobs from a 24 year old woman for a year now, while encouraging her to have sex with someone else instead of losing his "virginity". Perhaps she might respect his decision more if she knew why? I sure as hell would (if I knew why). My sincere apologies if I offended you with my "gross" comment.
&gt;and refused to perform oral sex Guy here, that seems like a deal breaker in itself. (doubly so for micropenis - that guy's doomed at this pace)
Thanks so much. Yep! Years ago, good now. :) Hang in there. You'll make a good decision. As a wise woman I know always says, "it'll all work out." ;)
I'd suggest reading "Ready Player One". (he should *love* that one) Also, it just doesn't seem like either of you have a lot in common. I generally find that pretty important in relationships. Not sure what you pictured yourselves doing when you envisioned your whole lives together. Regardless, it doesn't really seem like there's much you enjoy doing together. These are all things either you like doing, or he likes doing, and the other is being forced to do. Maybe have a talk with him about finding new things you both enjoy. Though, if he's not willing to give up some of his time (3 hours?! rly?) to do those, and actively work on a relationship with a woman... not much point.
&gt; (COmpress-DECompress) Holy. Shit. Was in pro-A/V for years, currently just a video/audiophile. Literally never knew that's what that meant. Knew what it was... just not the breakdown. The blatantly obvious crap that you (/I?) miss sometimes is hilarious.
Captain Phasma. J.J. has stated she'll be back. Wookieepedia re: armor... &gt;Phasma wore armor coated in chromium salvaged from a Naboo yacht once owned by the Galactic Empire's Emperor Palpatine. Its polished finish helped reflect harmful radiation, although the chromium served primarily as a symbol of past power.
Where do you see Harrison Ford? He doesn't appear in these photos. Wouldn't doubt it though. Seriously fucked up his leg filming (broken in two places, dislocated ankle, etc.) (also messed up other leg during emergency landing in his plane)
Ya, mostly 35mm. (Some IMAX, not sure if digital).
I can't imagine why.
Uh... "knowing is half the battle"?! ffs
*in front of friends!
Brilliant idea. Hell, even a non-acquaintance fireman would be more than happy to pay her a visit I'd imagine. One less person to worry about when they have to mobilize!
Sounds like there may be some real depression in there as well. Might mention that.
Negative (for the U.S.). We're taxed on the gallon, not the price. (US$0.49/gal avg.)
This disparity is simply retail competition taking time to work. If your supply costs go up, you're going to immediately correct sales price to retain profitability (as will your competition). When supply costs go down, you're going to keep them as high as possible until competition starts affecting sales (&amp; profitability). Incremental competitive pricing reduction ensues, but takes a while (cause incremental, &amp; consumers are generally slow to react to this particular market). How long / much does it take *you* to switch gas stations strictly based on price? Guessing quite a while.
This comment made me think of foie gras. Should probably be on this list somewhere.
&gt; eat the nutrient sac of a potential animal that comes from the female's poop shoot/vagina combo (the cloaca). Whut... "chicken periods"? Sure, factory egg practices are bad, but got a buddy who has great chickens that are super happy (except that bastard rooster) &amp; produce a crap ton of eggs. What's wrong with eating those (excluding in-excess obviously)?! They sure as hell don't want 'em!
I would add... why must this be another person? Were I to stick my finger up my butt, am I personally somehow unable to feel this special abnormality that would trigger a doctor to think "uh oh... we may have something here."??
I don't have time to research exactly who owns and operates all the gas stations in my vicinity, but I think you're probably pretty far off. The prices and brands are way too varying. There may be a couple here and there owned by "corporations" (aka publicly traded companies), but I think you'll find most are likely owned/operated by local companies. This may vary by metropolitan area. Source: manage real estate leased to gas stations - all of them locally (in state anyway) owned. Assuming you're not mistaking franchising / brand of gas for actual owners - I don't know the exact franchising rules, but if it has a giant "Exxon" sign, the station is not necessarily owned by Exxon.
Ha! Channel 1. We're old.
Ha - gotcha. Was just hoping there wasn't something I wasn't aware of re: eggs! Love 'em. :D But yeah, he loves those things like pets. Even takes them on little walks daily (along with them getting to roam around freely quite a bit). May even have to get a small flock myself at some point (&amp; some acreage). The number of eggs they shoot out is pretty astonishing as well. Poor guy is always trying to get rid of eggs.
Holy crap. Didn't even realize that part of the map was Nosehair Canals!
All excellent points to take into account.
I.... I am apparently going blind. Maybe an idiot. Thank you for the correction sir.
This is pure rhetoric... See, I was originally with that line of thinking... but then, if you /relationships much, you'll notice a trend of those that snoop generally find stuff detrimental to a continued relationship (this could obviously be chalked up to a vocal minority as well). Even though he states he was "expecting heartwarming", you gotta wonder if there was maybe a little voice inside his head (and/or all the snoopers heads) whispering warnings. I'm in no way condoning snooping. Though, in some cases it has literally saved some from years of heartache / wasted time.
While I generally agree, and like to think I would react like you, I think one has to be in this frame of mind *before* finding out something like this. The damage here is already done. He is crushed. In addition, I imagine a more mentally mature woman would be much more appreciative (/instructive?) of his talents, wherever they may lie.
&gt; I’m not good enough for her, but she loves me too much to be away from me. Fuck. Overlooked that as well. Man, her parents did a job on her huh? &gt;She doesn’t want to pursue any job opportunities here, doesn’t want to commute anywhere (hates public transport and doesn’t have a driving license). Sooo... wow. I don't really see how simply moving will fix much of this, if any. At all. I'd highly suggest some professional marriage counseling. ASAP. *edit: btw OP... don't you dare believe for a second you're not good enough for her... you've practically given your life over to her... and in fact, may be reinforcing what seems (from my limited knowledge) to be a serious case of "spoiled brat".
Heh - seems like she doesn't feel comfortable having sex, and you're not comfortable *without* sex. I sure as hell can't blame you. One thing's for sure, in this day and age, I definitely wouldn't gamble with a possible sexual compatibility mismatch *post* marriage. Seems like you're at two different places religiously as well.
FTFY... &gt;*Penis: But how can we hate her? Look at all those wonderful memories! Remember her pretty smile? Amazing eyes? Her perfect little peach? Heart: GOD NOOOO!!! WTF!!?? NOOO!?? STOP IT!!!* edit: formatting in quotes is hard
You would prefer tea?
Make this the part that you "learn from your mistakes". In the future, if you're getting mixed signals, I often find it wise to err on the side of caution. When she said she didn't "see us together long term", that was *the* signal that should have triggered the e-brake, shifted into reverse, &amp; floored it. At that point you should have theoretically had zero expectations of a future with her.
Wow. Neat read.
SR-71 stories never get old.
As a non-sailor, even I noticed plenty that I would've done different if captain. I'm totally not the type to point out stuff like that either.
I think they're feeling the love via hug now.
Yep! No worries. I think we've all been clingy / quick to latch on at some point. Carry on! :D
Like he said... fucking scary.
Brilliant synopsis, whether accurate to the video or not.
I know what you mean and feel your pain. The inconsistency with number of perceived hits on YOU vs. the hits you land on others is crazy frustrating and I assume some kind of data transfer limitation / shortcut (maybe to slim down data transfer?) - dunno, no expert. Pretty sure we all get the same number of hits to die though, it's just not letting YOU know you're getting hit that many times. Also, might try the much maligned DMR rifles (Mk11 Mod0 is my poison). Those *are* 3 shot kills generally (course semi-auto - and take a bit of skill) &amp; seem to work great for me at mid to mid-long range with a red dot, but they do have horrible hip fire accuracy so forget them in CQB. I can still end up pretty close to the top of the list though on the big maps. *edit - re: "just started playing" - I've also found it to have a fairly long learning curve, even coming directly from BF3. Couldn't really put my finger on it. But definitely try to stick it out for a bit, the "noobness" does subside.*
Yes, I *know* the finger Goose.
I wasn't under the impression that any one person was mistaking BF4 for a "realistic military experience".
Yeah, definitely different animals. Didn't even use DMR's in 3... not sure why either! May have to revisit. Have fallen in love with them in this one for some reason. Probably the 3 shot quick kills &amp; accuracy.
Also... Friday.
Poor baby!!! ^^OR ^^IS ^^IT!?
So rare. So satisfying.
I.... REEEEEALLLY... hate that. Possibly my #1 pet peeve in BF4. (&amp; the rare hax)
Nice. Definitely not hacking. Skillz to pay the billz!
I don't know much about the Chinese economy or housing market... but I don't think you could even get a decent double-wide for that price in the U.S.(~US$36,500), much less a **five story building?!**
So, to be clear... your friends *parents* house (who obviously don't know you or your car)? At 3AM? Plastered?
But succeeded in stealing the cash, and isn't remorseful at all, but is trying to lie / talk his way out of it and is in no way prepared to reveal the location of the cash.
After more research... via [wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Empire_Strikes_Back)... &gt;The initial production budget of $18 million was 50% more than that of the original. After the various increases in budget, The Empire Strikes Back became one of the most expensive films of its day and after the bank threatened to pull his loan, Lucas was forced to approach 20th Century Fox. Lucas made a deal with the studio to secure the loan in exchange for paying the studio more money, but without the loss of his sequel and merchandising rights. After the film's box office success, unhappiness at the studio over the deal's generosity to Lucas caused studio president Alan Ladd, Jr. to quit. The departure of his longtime ally caused Lucas to take Raiders of the Lost Ark to Paramount Pictures. [Then](http://articles.latimes.com/1997-02-06/business/fi-25849_1_star-wars)... &gt;Even after "Star Wars" had broken box office records, it wasn't easy sailing for Lucas. He put up his own money and guaranteed money from merchandise sales against the loan, but his company, Lucasfilm, had trouble getting a bank loan to cover the $30-million budget of the first sequel, "The Empire Strikes Back." "Bank of America said no sequel has even earned a third of what the original movie did," recalls John Moohr, who worked in business affairs at Lucasfilm from 1978 to 1981. "So we took out Bank of America halfway through production and went to Bank of Boston. The film came out in May, and they got paid off in full in September," says Moohr. So, completely conflicting accounts for Empire, but lots more saying he financed it without Fox. Jedi though... can't find a single source claiming that Fox had anything to do with it. (besides distribution) [wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Return_of_the_Jedi)... &gt;As with the previous film, Lucas personally financed Return of the Jedi.
&gt;He had seen Jim and me floating down and had radioed the New Mexico Highway Patrol, the Air Force and the nearest hospital. Sheesh. That's one prepared rancher!
To be fair, it did have a pretty small radar signature (way too late by the time it's detected), as well as ECM's. But ya, wanna waste some money? Shoot a missile at it.
Discovery, we have you at... oh, nah, we don't have you. Better call Houston.
I have that newspaper clipping somewhere. :(
Ha - I remember when Reese's Pieces blew the f**k up. (&amp; that E.T. commercial) Interesting how much advertising has changed. (/is changing)
Seriously. It's like they're getting all the good ones off the planet before... shit.
It really does have that cinematic "perfect storm" potential.
Indeed. Fool me once WB. Then take a chance at throwing more money at the screen? lol - pass.
&gt; All of Rinzler's Making of books are excellent, by the way. Noted!
Secret Service vs. FBI!!!... FIGHT!!
TIL from your downvotes, Redditors don't know how to fucking drive.
Why would one even attempt that?
&gt;You going a little bit faster barely has any effect on your time. Great! Then quit impeding traffic for no reason and get out of the left lane! :D
