House
glad to see the FSU jets getting attention
trust me, on a CVN they don't "need" to conserve water - they dump 8k gallons of fresh water over the side every day ----- was explained to me this way.. they just want you to practice being miserable - so when its time to be miserable, you can be miserable right
well.. an "early release" version of the hornet - not a *finished* product --- have fun with that ---- I assure you, the hornet will be a day-1 purchase for me - the day it is pronounced "finished"
mm.. i don't mind paying a little extra for premium content ---- not much more to it than that
quality
"Other map environments are also in development that include the Strait of Hormuz, Afghanistan, Syria, and Crimea." https://www.reddit.com/r/hoggit/comments/4mjb8c/new_fa18c_cockpit_picture/ hmm!
plot twist - this guy IS a fat people!!lol
"shooter is down - shooter is 10-79" *sigh*
are you even hearing what you're saying???
hard to see - had to zoom in (on a cell ph)
so.. what could this mean for prospects of interstellar travel?? can you set out on such a long journey safely? ( https://youtu.be/CcX8mDRIhYE?t=5s )
why stop there? why not CG the whole car, the sky, the earth and the road ------ if you're willing to CG the exterior of the car, mounted on a "representative" model, i don't see why we need anything physical at all
what about the bullet cluster? how dark matter went kept going and didn't get slowed down - wouldn't "regular matter" blackholes get slowed down when passing past eachother??
yeah - i'm hoping they're dialing it in so we don't have these "plasma burners" anymore ----- i like the progress they're making - they're really making an effort - kudos
so... still better than MS Flight Simulator : )
i love brit democracy ----- keep voting till you get the result you want
the vibrance setting is also incredible.........
pull forward until you're looking straight across - look at the vertical stabilizers, when you see the leading edge of the far one, you're in position --- "stack line spacing"
obama ---- the gift that just keeps on giving
don't go away mad - just go away
we dodged a bullet
what's the saying? no good deed......?
savage! haha
HOW do we protect our country from these people???
you def know your way around a camera ----- i'm curious, are you able to make money from your photography - doing this kind of work??
wy does this not surprise me - i mean, its not like their religion forbids all forms of lying and deceit (taqiyaa)
zackly
whilst haha
so you're telling me... they've been projecting all along??
*cough*California*cough*
abort babies all you want - merely suggest aborting puppies as a means to control over population, you're a pariah
heh! savage... : )
why isn't indiana "sick" ???
never heard that before - i hope its true
the rights are God-given, they cannot be taken away - they can be infringed by an unrighteous govt - but the "rights" have never stopped existing ------ yes, sin exists - yet Christ has dominion - Christ **is** the head of His church/body - we have seek first the kingdom of God, and all else will follow - people who never hear the gospel perish in their sin : ( each Christian is accountable to God - seek His face - He has shown you what is good and what He requires of you -t to do justice, love kindness and walk humbly with your God - God requires a broken and contrite heart and not sacrifice - where we are weak, He is strong
sounds like it had to do with "terrible deeds in the name of MOHAMMED"
you cannot acknowledge violence against one person vs another person (the baby) ----- why do you value the mothers "situation" with the baby's LIFE???
exactly
TIL there are at least 41 major studios
ELI5 please - how does this physically happen?
these women in this video.. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DCLN6Q2q_1Y&amp; they have your answer they call it "murder" - they are not calling it "assault" or "battery" they call it murder whatever standard they are using, that is what i am using too
respect
addressing your question: i believe we are what is called a psychosomatic "whole" ---- we cannot be separated into constituent parts - at the time you remove a person's brain, that person has now died ----- now, through the miracle of science you may be able to keep the remainder of a human body "alive" and functioning but the act of removing a brain kills the person ----- but don't think that kicks the can down the road, since now you have a brainless human body that is somehow (mechanically?) being supported - that condition is only temporary and the "body" is not human - and to compare that with a baby in the womb, is simply incorrect ----- the baby in the womb is developmentally where it is SUPPOSED to be - a brainless human body that is artificially being supported and in some sense is "alive" and functioning is NOT its standard natural and normal state ----- removal of the brain is the killing of a human - and destroying a baby's body in the womb by cutting it up and sucking it out.... is killing a person --------- it gives me great grief that "technically" it is not actually murder because it is not the ILLEGAL taking of human life (yet) - but i assure you, before the eyes of God...... He is watching - and He keeps a tally ------ and just as with slavery, there was a price to pay for that great evil, there surely is a great price to pay for this evil as well
*heart is breaking* no one deserves this - where is obama - where is the condemnation from all corners of this country
who else here to totally loves Wendy's salads?? :))
Wendy's frostie lovers.. sound off! :))
remember.. at high alt the air is thinner, making it more difficult to maneuver, specifically more difficult to "climb" ---- several times you see him not go "over" obstacles, instead he goes to the side - quite deftly too - the drone was going fast and the guy has good reflexes - made it look smooth : ) watch it again, look how smoothly he moves aside and you'll appreciate his skill
ugly ------ i don't care WHO perpetrates such evil and WHO, this is ugly and un-american ------ we demand justice
watch out! this may be a way libs take advantage of in order to dilute good states' ccw laws - think about it.. any plan that has to be accepted by many members, gets dumbed down to the "least common denominator" that all can agree to
https://vid.me/jgEa &lt; use this
the best timeline
only whites can be racist - whites can never be the victims of hate crimes ------ ok gotcha (ps.. for the record, i'm opposed to this concept of "hate crime" - i think its stupid, ALL crime is "hate" on some level - its all evil)
i believe her husband is muslim ---- just today (?) she posted that he says muslims are his brothers - but his brothers are hateful and violent (or words to that effect..) [edit: found it... https://twitter.com/jennajameson/status/817094395564429312 ]
okay, black ppl........ WTF! srsly... whiskey tango foxtrot!!
ha! 97D chess! They want to claim Russians we're hacking their email, so the FBI says let me see your servers - but they don't want the FBI to "look around" (heh!) - they want it both ways, trumps not letting them have it both ways! lol
...except BHO won't be getting mexico to pay for it ------ he's got no... #MagicWand !!
standing together, shoulder-to-shoulder, against totalitarian extremist feminist cultural marxist ------- good job gentlemen - good job - this is how its supposed to be
i say "great" we may get to see some more seizures - she may even get tossed in to the back of a truck again...... LIKE A SIDE OF BEEF
women who want to sleep with men that they don't want to marry
attention on deck!
ah.. thank you --- i always wondered about that
bah! I'm calling it....... airsoft ;)
you mean.. "intel"
doesn't really say much
doubt it - this is a perfect argument FOR permitting guns in the airport
its starting
good point
they shoulda took it!
wait.. already?? that just happened a couple months ago right? and they're already shutting down all those stores??
yep... "the tender mercies of the wicked are cruel"
facts ----- libs seem to have a problem with the true nature of reality - libs just can't get around the fact that science is hard - and its expensive to master it (doctors) ------ and the fact that this is the universe and the universe just doesn't "care" about us - and a lot of the time that sucks - and often it means we have a lot of hardship - and there's no way around that
this is a war - there will be casualties - we shouldn't be surprised when the enemy fights to win
saving this
I "think" CA law is if someone has a knife (I'm sure hatchet qualifies also) and takes a step toward you, you're authorized lethal force - that's a hostile act --- this is a very dangerous prank
glorify God and enjoy Him forever
haha! my thoughts exactly! #DidNotWatch
I like how "building it quickly" is the emphasis --- under budget and.....???
lol - not even close man, take it easy :) its just that "militia" is a word that isn't used nowadays and I don't know what it means, so I'm asking - that's all
retweeted it - recommend you do the same - here's the tweet.. Check out @GidonShaviv's Tweet: https://twitter.com/GidonShaviv/status/818786899305365505?s=09
Lee Marvin? is that you?
"excited"?
"thoughtful" look - what a douche
knew it would be trash - didn't watch
right there with ya ---- i'm just wondering if G can modify the app at all if you d/l from their store ---- if they can't (which i suspect) then what could be the harm
good! good riddance... : /
.. and he wanted to be an admiral : /
mm.. not so fast - takes more than one good year to undo the last decade of drought - alot of this rain will flood - the previous storm snow level was 3000ft, this storm is 7000ft, this storm will melt last storms snow - there goes the snow pack - reservoirs can't hold all the water we need - we need reservoirs AND snowpack - the feds say we're out of the woods? believe it when you see it..... that's all I'm saying
anyone else think he's doing a great disservice to the memory of a really great american name??
yes i notice it, many americans notice it ------ more importantly our ENEMIES notice it too
body shaming --------- let me see if i'm getting this right.. okay for libs - not okay for decent americans --- one standard for me, another standard for you
thinking the same thing
thk u for posting that ------- agree w/ your second point entirely : )
haha still don't get it - fine with me I guess... :) thx
Whether Versailles says this or not doesn't matter in the very least - Israel holds the land, Israel is occupying it, and possessing it , and most importantly Israel is defending it's land with guns (force) ---- there is no other claim or justification that Israel needs
that award used to mean something - used to....
they hate the west and western culture - bottom line
"liked"! have you?? : ))
"I will send My terror ahead of you, and throw into confusion all the people among whom you come, and I will make all your enemies turn their backs to you." -Exodus
this is from July 2016
