i remember reading he shot 91% but that mightve jsut been rockets series
these are both some really smart coaches
goddamn lebron is pushing off like crazy rn
it was a travel though
its one fucking quarter of one game just shut up
as far as i can tell the warriors beat the cavs last game
this is an ugly way to end the game
horrible horrible game by curry jesus. the plus is that this was just about as bad as he couldve played
i fucking love fesus ezeli
Age isn't the same as maturity
As far as I'm concerned he is
Nah that's you man
Explains Dwight too
The playoffs bring out the worst in these fools
They're in the finals why the fuck would he leave
there's a shit load of words that have multiple and opposite meanings. for example bad. "that dude bad" mean he good or some shit while it can also mean its original definition which is not good
its not a misuse if everyone's doing it. its also been used like that for hundreds of years too. it aint new. the only thing thats new is people complaining about it tryna feel superior bout some menial shit
ive said why its not a mistake. its not a mistake because people use it and people understand what you mean what you say it. Its not a mistake if a significant part of the population does it
thats not true either. dont take anything you learned in english class when it comes to language as truth. at best its preferences. english majors are not linguists. they are perfectly acceptable in aave for example and maybe other dialects that im unaware of as well
or because its a huge task with no feasible way to make it work. the asoiaf world is huge and representing it in game form in a way that stays true to asoiafs strengths while also being a good game that appeals to the fans is an impossible task practically
Ive explained why you wrong. youre wrong because thats not how it works. its not a mistake because you think it is. its not a mistake because people use it that way. thats how language works. if a significant portion of the language speaking population uses something someway it is automatically acceptable even if it wasnt before. thats how languages change. they dont change due to some prescriptivist rules declaring what is right and wrong, they change based on usage
which of course, isnt feasible
the fuck kinda proof do you want. do you expect them to link to cp?
you said that people using literally to mean anything not literal was a mistake in your eyes. im sayin thats not the right assessment. thats all im arguing. ive stated why i believe that and why the linguistic community believes that. thats all im gonna say
just wanted to say i love your shit man. ive listened to your album at least 100 times no lie its one of my favorite releases of the past few years. got a great sound and vibe cant wait to hear more from you
Big dick too
mr steal yo pick
thj isnt that good
our medical staff seems to be pretty good
recommend any good rnb you got. i tend to prefer higher pitched male voices like jeremih and august alsina
calm the fuck down you bein a real dick all over fuckin cody zeller lmao. not even kemba or mkg but cody zeller
yeah because that shit is impossible. 15lbs of pure muscle in a month is not possible. 15lbs total sure, you could probably gain that in a day, weight fluctuates so much
if he worked harder, he could be 6 feet by now!
battle of the bigmen
klay sucks tho amirite
this fucking offense is beautiful
who needs curry when u have clark
that was nasty af
check out iguodalas package tonight
they aint even that good
its why he grabbed dirk dick
just like your teams success
and made his FTs!
new rabsho confirmed
yes
I mean, he hits 3s at a great rate, can dribble drive, can post up a bit and obviously is an amazing passer. not a high volume scorer but he can do quite a bit on that end
nice pass by holmes
speights just made a shot game over
clark is a mini curry
new year new speights
team option i believe
its pretty lax from what i know, and im sure thats intentional. there isnt much benefit in trying to crack down on PED use imo
all i can do is laugh at this point
okay let me just call the fashion world and let them know
definitely but yrn was more impactful i think
i dont think you understand how hard it is to write books of this nature
he should of gotten it last season too but some dipshits left him off their votes completely
because they havent needed to lol
ARE YOU FUCKIN KIDDIN ME WHAT IS THIS GAME
im fucking done with this game cmon warriors make a fucking shot
curry is probably pissed at the team rn
to be fair, keef has still released a lot of (excellent) music despite the disappointment
no i think its noah shebib and drake is gonna be on swish and vice versa
idk i think we were contender tier the year we got iguodala but coaching held us back, though that may be contradictory
i havent had the chance to watch the suns since their collapse, why exactly are they so bad? they have some decent players
this game is fucking wild
they have been surprisingly fun to watch
and they have their coach
Honest was great, do people here really hate it?
anybody who bets against gsw hasnt been paying attention
maybe because hes an elite defender?
fuck it, its not bad to like one of the best players in the nba. i still like lebron and shit despite the mini-rivarly. nothing wrong with liking players. unless its chris paul of course
i think its just a matchup and how the other team defends. our bench units offense is generally not the best since there isnt much spacing so if they can contain the drive they usually suck
and people wanna crown him goat over MJ smh. MJ was fucking dominant night in night out in every aspect
mosgov pullin a delly
youd think hed fucking learn that systems matter after winning in miami
ian clark is fucking money personified
love is absolutely garbage at D. i would be fucking livid if i had to play with him
the cavs just need time to gel
well because love's d has been absolutely atrocious and he hasnt hit shit all game either. do you expect there to be positive comments about him?
i mean, he did drop the shoulder thats pretty unnecessary and excessive
youre just mad because the grizzlies still dont know the 3pter exists
dudes a red piller dont be surprised that he believes in oversimplified stupid bullshit
lol
shit like this is why iggy is and always will be one of my favorite players
thank jerry west for that
had a back injury
typical warriors flair displaying their mod powers with authoritarian might.
those miami jerseys are so dope. miami has dope jerseys
Miami has all around nice jerseys, these ones particularly so is that better
it couldve been like hours before the game maybe
any meal before a game could technically be a pregame meal
but at least you'll be ready with stomach full, when it does
and bosh knows how to play defense
jfc lol
hes actually been good at fts this year i think
by giving the people what they want?
no
just wanted to thank you yungsnuggie for being calm and rationally explaining this. it can be rough explaining these things to sensitive white people, i know
what the fuck is on olynyks face
