Prediction: cinderblocks.
Happened to Beef too, didn't it?
I wanna say something witty but I can't articulate my feelings.
I just thought it was impressive. You don't have to find it inspiring. But, what do you find inspiring if not things like this?
Because buttons.
Slightly, I would say, because smoke and fog are more dense than air.
And they continue to challenge the notion of no stupid questions...
Noted!
Dude. I dig *Minke*. Inspiring every time I hear it.
It's true that, if you maintain a caloric deficit (consuming fewer calories than your body needs to function), then your body will use fat stores as energy to make up the difference. As a rule of thumb, a 3500 Calorie deficit is approximately equivalent to one pound of fat loss.
Right on, thanks Derek!
Typically it is shipped one day, spends one full day in transit, and is delivered the next day. So, if it was shipped on the 4th (assuming early enough in the day), then you can expect it on the 6th.
https://mobile.twitter.com/tweetsauce/status/155058562379427840
Yeah, that.
I see references to Gary being a depressing, terrible place Peru often...what about it makes it bad?
Sure!
Ah, okay, thanks. And I definitely did not mean to type Peru.
I don't think atom size would be a factor unless we're talking extremely small. If someone shrinks to a few centimeters or something, they'd probably look identical. Shrunk to a microscopic level and I think things would get hairy. Not to mention their body systems would be all kinds of ruined I shrunk.
Doubtful. Passenger jets are pressurized, which [forces the door shut](http://www.forbes.com/sites/johngoglia/2013/05/28/relax-passengers-aircraft-doors-cant-open-in-flight/).
It's a day every four years, so after 120 years you've added 30 days. A month.
No, we would be saying "Was würde passieren wenn die Weltsprache nicht Deutsch?"
The radon emits alpha particles which travel through the surrounding fluid and ionize it, creating little tracks. My friend built one of these as a senior project.
Thanks! I just used Google :p.
Not the green/yellow glow; the smudge close to the profile of Half Dome.
Uh...elaborate?
Well it is a group of stars, just...about a trillion of them. :p
Awesome work! Looks like a sci-fi scene framed that way.
^^hahahaha
Well, a person might have a 'natural weight' in the sense that their height (mostly) and body structure (I'm talking broad shoulders vs small frame, for example, not "I naturally have a lot of fat on my body") determine their healthy weight.
OP, I think the phenomenon you're trying to describe is the result of how the body functions from an energy perspective. Everyone has a rate at which they expend energy strictly to stay alive. It's called the basal metabolic rate and it is the number of calories per day that someone's body burns in order to carry out basic, involuntary functions like digestion. It's dependent on the current state of the body, especially weight. A 300 lb, 6 foot tall man might have a BMR of 2500 calories a day. So, if he eats 2500 calories a day and does not exercise at all, then the difference between consumption and expenditure is zero. When there is no net difference, a person tends to maintain their weight. But, if he either eats 500 fewer calories per day OR burns 500 extra calories through exercise, he suddenly has a deficit of 500 calories. When the body operates at a deficit, it turns to fat stores to make up the difference--so routinely burning more than you consume will always cause weight loss, barring weird medical situations. (sorry if you already know all of this) The thing is, if the man in question loses 50 lbs doing this, then his new weight means that his body now needs less energy to operate normally. If he needed 2500 calories at 300 lbs and changed his diet so that he was eating only 2000 for a while and lost that weight, maybe now he only needs 2200 calories to function and maintain his weight. If he's still eating 2000 at this point, then the weight will be coming off more slowly because the deficit is now only 200 calories per day (as a rule of thumb, a pound of fat is equivalent to about 3500 cal). Some people don't realize that they need to be adjusting their diet after significant weight loss. Essentially you have more leeway when you're very overweight than when you just have a few pounds to lose. (this is the way I understand it, at least; if anyone sees any errors please let me know)
Well, you just explained it in far fewer words than I could. Shame I didn't see your reply first. haha
Then everyone would drive 5 mph above *that* limit. And so on, until we're all driving Mach 2.
^did ^you ^commit ^a ^murder ^and ^clean ^up ^in ^your ^sink
It's blocked in the United States.
[Here's](http://www.skimountaineer.com/CascadeSki/Thielsen/ThielsenHighwayView.jpg) what the mountain looks like from afar.
Yeah, and the kid is hiding a deadly throwing triangle on his left elbow too!
Wow. Curry's line is rough. :| 5/23 FG 2/15 3PT 6 TOV 4 PF
I just use an excel spreadsheet with columns for date, name, distance, elevation, notes, etc. One sheet for hikes I've done and one for the ones I want to do.
&gt; Do not look to Reddit for medical advice. Talk to your doctor about this.
^^now ^^kiss
That was my favorite class all year. Enjoy.
One people day is three moth minutes. The Uber isn't even late yet, what's all the fuss about?
Understatement for sure! If it was to scale it'd be about 200,000 feet tall.
Since I doubt you'll get any anecdotal evidence, I'll speculate: Yes, given the opportunity, a tiger would eat a trench fry.
Ha, it kind of looks like Mt Kenya too, coincidentally.
A little different, but, y'know...
/s.
A day or two, then no one will care anymore.
eBay?
^Science!
I didn't even know it had terrain like this! Definitely underrepresented.
shh ^what ^^tho
Seed 4722 in 5m38s http://i.gyazo.com/77152cdd87c955ac38d916cc44084adb.png Pretty happy with this one but I expect it'll be beat. 16 points on seed 4777 http://i.gyazo.com/77152cdd87c955ac38d916cc44084adb.png Seemed like a difficultish card without finding gold and lapis underground, and I killed 3-4 skinless rabbits apparently.
You should of made another mistake so you could pass all of them off as being intentional.
That's the spirit!
With water.
I tried out doing a video since they're preferred here. It's kinda choppy, but oh well. I beat my last time of 5m0s too. Seed 9933 in 4m42s https://youtu.be/Z4G23FXS5HE
hi boice
...and the first 156 digits of pi equals 705 ooh, spooky ^not ^^really
^^o_o it didn't stop
"I've got my work cut out for me." Sweet, someone already cut it out, now I don't have to do that part!
Excellent photos. Is pic #3 Rainier-Adams-Hood? If so, that's spectacular visibility. Too bad St Helens is already mostly free of snow.
Very nice. I hiked to Harry's Ridge around Memorial Day but we were stuck inside clouds all morning. It burned off a tiny bit and we got a glimpse of Spirit Lake on the way back but never could see the crater. Still, Devil's Elbow on the boundary trail is exciting in any weather and there was a little bit of [wildlife](https://i.imgur.com/k52BSTu.jpg) near the trail :) Gotta make it back this summer on a crystal clear day, and I think I'll take the longer route to Coldwater Peak.
Clarity.
0 to 2. Used to be 2-4ish time permitting.
Makes me feel fortunate to be paying 625 for a 750 sq ft 2 bedroom 1.5 bath townhouse.
How would a few ounces make any significant difference during even a 12-14 mile day hike?
oh shit hot ahhhhh
Excuse me mister, the Rose Garden is further north than the Target Center!
Well sure, within reason. No one is gonna hike with heavy useless gear but yeah, even a pound or two of luxuries aren't a deal breaker for a day hike.
^^pshh 3 point shootout for the title of The Northest?
I can't say I've done anything as strenuous as you yet--just ~10 mi and ~2000 ft EG. But, so far, it just hasn't seemed to be a limiting factor for me. Maybe I'll see what you mean when I get to doing longer, more difficult hikes.
Ah, yep. I've only been to about 6k. Lots more to experience!
Likewise!
I think s/he meant near Rainier, not around it. Haha
Depends on the density and depth of the foam. If it can decelerate you slowly enough, then no, you won't die.
It will for me. I'm just patiently waiting until we hear his decision, and then I'll be excited or disappointed appropriately. No point in riding a rollercoaster.
hey that's me
no I'm that guy who's typing a reply to that traitor who never hosts on reddit anymore
hipixel ^(lol xd)
If it lost a few *thousand* feet from that earthquake it'd be a wonder any Nepalese survived.
The title says he will be playing for PDX, not PHX. He's not going anywhere :)
I think Crater Lake has to be mentioned. I have only been in winter so it was mostly just a stop-and-see but in the summer you could hike Mt Scott, or hike down and swim, or explore Wizard Island. Maybe others have recommendations too.
So.. are you the owner of http://demographics.coopercenter.org/DotMap/? Because this is taken directly from that website.
Alright, I just didn't think that counted as being OC.
Whereafter what?
Linking to your own work which you are hosting on imgur is still OC, for instance if you create a visualization and need to upload the image somewhere. This was simply a snippet of someone else's work, the way I understand it.
Of course :) I was just going off of the sidebar definition: &gt;What counts as Original Content (OC)? If your role in creating the visualization was little more than taking a screenshot or filtering, it's not OC. You must have designed the visualization somehow. A program as simple as Excel is fine because the user at least chooses the chart type. Google Ngram or mouse trackers are not OC unless you are a creator of that software. For those apps/sites, link to the site or include a comment that does so. &gt;Put simply, you need to do more than image manipulation (such as cropping) or filtering (such as panning, zooming, and subset selection). You need to control not just which data is visualized, but how it's visualized.
Same reason the sky is blue. And there's a lot of sky between you and the mountain.
Really enjoyed the photos! I'm fairly sure number 4 is taken from Hamilton Mountain. Table is the flat-topped peak on the left side.
I'm guessing he's asking about the chemical composition of a peach.
That can't be right. The grass is growing backwards.
Dude, joking.
Is it a composite? There are star trails in the reflection but not in the sky.
Oh okay, cool! It's definitely rare to see this far south, congrats on shooting it :)
This is how it is in America.
Welcome back. That said, if you are going to leave again the instant someone makes a 'remark' then I guarantee you will not be here long.
you can have mine I guess
The reasons I have read are cost effectiveness and ease of cleaning. I don't know why everyone else thinks it would cause spontaneous friendly situations while doing our business. We don't go around peeking in and greeting other poopers. We just kind of go in, do our thing, and leave.
Probably an unofficial reason, yes. haha
