Pretty good argument. Especially when your ex-teammates are killing people and letting the air out of footballs. Much harsher crimes.
Because it's WDAZ and everyone working there is 22.
That's because she was a lesbian so they always flirted with the fact that she was a dude.
Yes that is very much in line with the whole meta theme.
It's the complainers who never leave Reddit. They've seen it all. Twice.
Frankly, our world needs more of this. Kids need to know they're wrong. There's too much acceptance of inaccuracy amongst today's youth, all for the sake of not hurting their feelings.
*Outta the way ewe!
Bullshit. I call bullshit on your nonsensical karma grab.
Honestly though, having read the book, this is a great casting. I read it before they announced that there was going to be a movie and the entire time, I thought of Donald Glover for that role. The nerdy cool guy who just kind of hangs out in the background and then comes up with THE plan.
Thanks! But don't you have any other technology than VHS?
For your first movie-theater experience ... you choose ... poorly.
I like dinosaurs AND Chris Pratt!!!
Uh, did they give Watney a wife and kid?
Bean plays a NASA nerd back on earth.
This movie needs to be a hard R to keep its humor
Anything that uses the term "post-(insert overarching noun here) society" is hackneyed. But this one actually makes decent points.
It's ok. You're good shit for posting. I'm just playin.
You're in high school, aren't you?
Be David Caruso in "Jade."
A lot of the same people complaining about censorship on Reddit are the same people who don't want to hear what a Republican has to say or what people who don't wholeheartedly agree with them on any issue have to say.
Because women are stupider then men.
Too Asian...
Read the story and do research before posting a comment people. This "story" is a column written for Slate by an environmental activist. The law that Wyoming passed had nothing to do with taking pictures. It had everything to do with "scientists" trespassing on private land -- a huge problem in the state -- in order to do research on public lands. That's it. Is it a poorly written law? Of course. But will you be persecuted for taking a photo of Yellowstone. No. So please, take things with a grain of salt when you read them on the Internet and do more background research than making sweeping judgements and decisions based on one biased column. P.S. I find it funny how everyone on the left is pro-government expansion until it infringes on THEIR freedom. Maybe they will soon get what their cousins on the right have been screaming about for centuries. Less government = best government.
That's a terrible comparison to make for so many reasons.
He should be the ESPN Arthur Ashe Courage Award winner. ... Oh wait...
This was the 90s. These were "bad guys" in the 90s.
Ok....
Hollywood liberals love a man who wants to take all their money away and redistribute it to everyone else. Sounds about right.
Good to know that this mother fucker has a place in this world. We're such a progressive society. How amazing we are.
Actually, it's the First Amendment protecting both of you. The confederate wannabes and the Yankee dandies.
Love how we're getting downvotes for speaking truths that people don't like to hear.
Uh yeah, it's called war for a reason, albeit a war of arms races and spy games. If the U.S. would not have flexed superior might, you may not be here. Think about this.
Should have had a picture of Dean Pelton and Chang.
Brett Dalton, if you didn't close the deal, you're dead to me.
Wrong. It's out now because it's privately owned and the landowner got tired of people being on his land without his permission.
Patterson Lake's Crooked Crane Trail is about to get a huge revamp too, so that'll be nice.
Bernie Sanders supporters? Haaaave you met Reddit?
AWESOME-O!!!
Gotta love Vox's dig at Fox News in there. Everybody was reporting on that when it happened. Fox just got there first while the other networks were busy stroking Obama's dick.
Clearly you've never been to Chicago.
I know a girl from college who is in one of those Blue Cross Blue Shield "take the stairs" commercials. They're so cheesy, yet surprisingly well done.
That seemed like a lot of work for a gif.
Jesus.
Girls who want to watch dudes with abs run around slaying stuff? Sounds normal.
At the time, the CGI was solid. It's all we had man!!! But yes, I remember going to MKA the day after Thanksgiving with my dad while my mom shopped. I was disappointed but not as much as I'm sure he was.
Why does every pretend to hate Grown-Ups? Those movies grossed like $500 million combined.
At this point, it really couldn't hurt.
Well you'd want to change your name too if it sounded like an adorable dog breed.
First thing I thought was "and this is why we can't ever wholly get rid of petroleum-based vehicles." Electric fire truck? Dead.
I love chicks that wear that brand of bikini. The boob coverers (scientific term) look like little eyes that I am forced to stare at.
Remember when dogs couldn't see TVs?
Can I mention how great it is that Redditors refer to tips as such. And not fucking "hacks." I don't think there's a thing I hate more on earth than the usage of that word.
I really liked FGL. And then I saw them in concert. It was a good performance but you could tell they were high and maybe drunk.
No. Fucking change. They're why aliens won't make contact with us.
Man or woman?
Run.
FDR didn't get us into a war until thousands of Americans died first. Same as GWB.
Well, considering most of the characters were created by Jewish white guys....
How about the Native Americans, Syrians, Finnish and Australians? Where are their directors? Where are their superheroes? See how far the rabbit hole goes?
Bacon hung dong in Wild Things too. For Matt Dillon and no one else. ... The 90s were a strange time.
Difference: Trump's wife's plastic surgery was paid for with earned money.
Boom's over dude. Everyone went home except the C-squad strippers, the heroin addicts and the Africans. Keep in mind you get all those things in Fargo too. But it has a JC Penney in an actual mall.
He wakes up every morning and makes the decision to wear that fucking earring.
Yet he functions like Simple Jack.
I used to play video games until I was about 28. That's when life took over. Wife, kids, hyperactive dog, job with way more responsibilities, more time needed to care for my physical appearance and well-being now that I'm past my prime. It all adds up. And while at the end of the day, I'd love to play Madden for 3 hours, what the hell am I gaining from it? Is finishing Star Wars Battlefront going to make me a better person? I also feel that games have become too expensive and force you to be far too engrossed in them to enjoy them. It's why I always tended to buy sports games. I didn't have to spend 5 hours playing them to accomplish something. I am afraid that I'm going to have kids that beg me for video games and that they're going to become loads in high school like I was if I give them whatever new gaming system we have by them. And worst of all, I'm going to want to play it too. I want my kids to experience nature, get good grades and exceed at life.
And then you learned he had a bigger dick then you?
So those are the players we AREN'T getting. Because when has a mock draft ever been totally correct?
You're getting downvoted for telling Reddit idiots the truth about their most recent deity. Sorry.
Sorry to hear you have trouble kissing someone. And your friend was actually probably a little weirded out that you didn't kiss him but you sucked his cock. No matter. You seem to be OK overall. You just need to see a therapist and get past this hurdle and you'll be right as rain.
They did. It's called free agency. It didn't help.
He revealed their closely guarded secret.
Went through this recently during a water line break. Get hands dirty fixing something after the water has been turned off. Better go wash my hands.
Winnick is dynamite and near perfect for the role (she's a real-life martial artist and looks the part). But she would be 40 by the time the movie comes out. Doubt Marvel pulls that trigger.
We've had oil since the 50s. We also produce a lot of the food people eat every day. North Dakota: Being quietly useful and not taking any credit for it since 1889.
Durum is pasta dipshit.
They're republicans. As long as it's working, they see no need to meddle or learn specifics of how something works. They prefer to leave the tech stuff to the tech guys and focus on bigger issues.
https://imgflip.com/gif/djjrg
I don't either. But thing is, Coogler earned his stripes. He got this off skill. Not solely because of his skin color.
Design me one then and let's have some fun.
Clearly you don't understand the concept of humor or movie references. Which is normal for this site, I guess.
Most Are
How did you do the ads?
Margaret Phelps... ahemmmm, I mean Jed York... will never let that happen.
But they didn't do it for Russian studio.
You can't disturb the Sanders Reddit hivemind. The mods are too powerful.
I'm I the only one who sees a Hydra influence here?
^This man knows what he's talking about. It's true. How many good pass rushers do you see dangled as trade bait? Ever?
As a North Dakotan, I watch all these snowdiving gifs and videos, then I wonder how they handled their hypothermia and/or frostbite.
Well they had to get Lewis Black in there somehow.
I'm a republican and these guys can go get fucked by Obama's small black dick.
I like Johnny Galecki as an actor but man does he look like he'd be a tool in person.
And then the Qatari government sues FIFA over all the stadiums they built and can't use. Oh well, I suppose they wouldn't really be used after 2022 anyway.
"We can't just leave him like that."
What do you? Census? Vacuum salesman? Nomad Prostitute?
That's the gag.
I'd say he's the best party rocking tight end the league has ever seen. http://www.sportingnews.com/nfl-news/4644012-rob-gronkowski-las-vegas-birthday-celebration-gronk-cake-smash-new-england-patriots
It don't. He country will be better off if we're not trying to elect a socialist who wants to tax the hell out of everyone and destroy the upper class. Because when no one has incentive to succeed, no one shall succeed. That and Congress would keep every single stupid idea Bernie has from every becoming reality. A president is not a king, despite what you children have grown up thinking thanks to Bush and Obama.
How do you have cows with calves and not have a warming room in your barn/shed?!?! You know how many calves' lives that saves?
Is Blake Jenner the dude sticking his dick in her in those tasteful pornography photographs she has floating around?
This effort failed. Wonder why?
