[Relevant cracked](http://www.cracked.com/article_19940_5-myths-you-probably-believe-about-famous-landmarks.html)
Too many fan theories boil down to "It was all in his mind".
Carry a gun; it's much more effective than pepper spray.
You shouldn't conceal a gun in your purse, and one can easily carry concealed without any pockets.
[Alternate Link](http://x-incest.com/stories/considerateparents.html)
Go on...
I always use my elbow when striking a wall, much less chance of injury.
He kicked the Sandman's ass in that underground sewer scene.
Someone didn't follow rules 1 &amp; 2
It's people like him who soil the good reputation of Bondage Discipline Sadism and Masochism.
What if my future self is just as single as my current self?
Fine, I guess I'll bite the bullet and nail Khloe Kardashian...
Last year I took a few days off work because my grandmother really was in the hospital. Pretty sure my boss thinks i was BS-ing him.
"Do as you're told and you'll live" doesn't really sit well with us Yankees.
Fair enough. Most of my first dates are with girls I barely know.
Wow, you just made this 29 yr old feel very unaccomplished.
Catelina from Space Cases.
They said I could be anything, so I became a turtle.
How else can we get our PDA on?
Go on...
Come at me bro! I watch UFC all the time!
Congrats on your weight loss, though I think both photos are very pretty!
If you ain't cheatin' you ain't tryin'
This has gone over my head as well.
She has another man inside her. I guarantee it.
The principle of stealing?
That's just something guys tell themselves when they're not charming enough to get laid on the first date.
He's still around. Just isn't involved in any episode plots.
Hard to believe all it takes to puncture your tank is a gravel road and a heavy foot.
You need to put this on r/aww ASAP!
Monique. Her characters in Domino and Precious:Based on the Novel Push by Sapphire have caused me to automatically hate her.
When you want to pop your neck/back/knee, but it won't pop!
If you enter the room I'm in and turn on more lights, you'd better turn them off when you leave!
I take my shirt off when shitting, just in case.
The ability to each junk food, never exercise, and still be in shape.
The problem though is that if I follow the proper channels then my resume will end up in a pile with a hundred other ones, assuming it isn't filtered out by Taleo.
[Source](http://www.fux.com/video/187425)
Goals vs Habits is also the central thesis of Scott Adams' self help book *How to Fail at Almost Everything and Still Win Big* I've read it several times and loved it.
My jaw literally dropped.
Cabin in the Woods
Sidequel or Midquel
Good Lawd! They've never looked that big before!
Isn't oil simply storing the sun's energy?
We're still talking about clubbing, right?
My last name rhymes with a certain mexican food, and a popular corn chip. The amount of nickels I'd get from hearing people make fun of the similarity would net far more than $73
Serious question: could I start selling stripped machine gun receivers as decorative paperweights? To what extent can one skirt the law in this manner?
They're not assholes towards the people who can harm them financially.
One of the ILM guys specifically says they went out of their way to make sure the thumbs up didn't resemble a certain other gesture. [link](http://www.mtv.com/news/2727582/bb-8-thumbs-up-star-wars/)
I wouldn't consider "cutie" to be a pet name.
When a girl wears tit curtains, those loose shirts that just sort of hang off the boobs, kinda like a bedsheet on a clothesline.
Oops, I didn't even notice. How embarrassing!
And for him it's just another day at the office.
The search bar
Crazy how (at the time) Furious 7 set a new record for fastest to $1 billion.
Such piercing eyes!
I want one.
You may have your cause and effect mixed up. They carry purses because their clothes don't have usable pockets.
This is a good reminder for me to never let myself be alone with a child.
I've been trying to replicate the Tobey Maguire Spider-Man look, as seen [here](http://i.imgur.com/Fc6gZzP.png)
This should be a confession bear.
At university I met a guy who asked if I was interested in making extra money; 2 days later I was at an Amway presentation. Last year my MMA coach tried to recruit me for a coffee sales pyramid scheme.
I think OP is talking about #1 all time, not #1 of the year.
That whole family was hot. You had Mimi Rogers, Heather Graham, and Lacey C!
Shareholders care more about the next quarter, and less about long term profitability.
Only if some stupid tree huggers decide to "liberate" those monkeys.
The problem is that for every Chris Pratt, there are 100 other people who also worked their ass off and never succeeded.
As I recall, the bug planet orbited near an astriod belt, and its gravity occasionally disturbed the astriod's orbits and nudged them towards earth.
I know what I'm doing next time I go to the dentist!
Hit it and quit it.
I limited myself to a degree with good economic value. Years later I still haven't reaped the financial rewards.
I'm guessing you learned this from experience.
I don't notice any balding, and I'd kill to have that much hair again.
I'm fairly certain if I went a week or two without masturbating, and then had sex with a sufficiently hot girl, I could easily finish in under a minute.
Emily Borne?
Anyone else think Simba looks a little effeminate?
No politician wants to be the guy who advocates for the addicts. His/her opponents would shout "this guy wants to help people get high!"
I stopped buying dvds once I discovered Yify.
Neither studios nor theatres care about tickets sold, they care about how much money they're making. Also a lack of ticket price data, combined with currency fluctuations, makes it nearly impossible to estimate foreign ticket sales.
If the child dies and both parents lose their genitalia in a freak accident then they can get a Darwin award.
Does one giant expense justify another?
I hate Office Space because Peter Gibbons has a nice office job and is so ungrateful.
&gt;Such as? Matthew M learned about the secret facility view the coordinates from the bookshelf. But it turns out he was responsible for the bookshelf gravity anomaly. So how did he find out about the coordinates in the first place? The wormhole was created by future humans. But the future humans only exist because humanity was saved due to Matthew M and company going thru the wormhole. The movie has multiple infinite regressions.
I assume he forgave her.
&gt;He explicitly asks TARS for the coordinates in the movie while they are floating in the tesseract. That doesn't make it less of a plot hole. The chain of events which lead to him being inside the tesseract started when he found the coordinates. But he was only able to give himself the coordinates because he was inside the tesseract. And I don't see why you're acting as though a time travel paradox isn't a type of plot hole.
Well that's not what I wanted to hear.
&gt;According to your logic FTL space travel and worm holes shown in movies must be plot holes as well because we haven't figured out how they will work if they exist. If you really think my logic leads to that conclusion then I don't know what to tell you.
In the video the gorilla was being pretty rough.
On many occasions I've sent follow-up emails and never heard back.
Right, "better". Most movies which undergo extensive reshoots don't end up being good.
X-Men Origins: Wolverine. The slo-mo walk away from the exploding helicopter, the big "NOOOO!!" when Kayla "dies", the serum that causes death-like symptoms, and etc.
No, most would be in hospital gowns, underwear, or naked. Once they're in the ground they ain't getting out of the coffin.
He could sell 1/2 inch dowels.
I don't think it's meant to be taken literally. It's more like "keep your customers happy".
What's the catch?
Someone told me there isn't a single recorded case of a person drowning due to food induced swimming cramps.
I'd like to see a Kaiju post apocalypse movie.
Seems like there's some serious stresses on the teeth when it changes direction.
Using a knife to slice an apple and then eat the slices right off the blade.
Eva Mendes when she played "Roxanne Simpson" in Ghostrider.
But self posts don't contribute to your karma.
