You need to learn about euros?
How was the university maths without having done further maths at school?
I'm not sure. If you look at this phenomenon carefully, you can see that 0-click presses always occur in pairs with 1-click presses one second afterwards. I just don't know what this means.
That's not what I'm talking about. The presses are both shown as red here, at 0 seconds.
Many redditors seem to have a thing with telling people to calm down.
I know. So?
I was just saying that the guy I replied to had the wrong end of the stick.
Is shark week real?
Why are you talking with such finality?
Yet it's still needed constantly.
I mean, if my body would just *tell* me it needs water, I'd go drink some. Why's it got to be all underhanded like this?
He probably just googled it because pronto285 said "*a pair* of shot glasses".
This is why democracy never works. Now, asking as an outside observer, how did FujiJohn get elected?
I thought that too, I guess because of the crazy overtake.
Maybe he got a PS4
Maybe try EVE Online then
Is it me is or everyone else misunderstanding this comment?
You have confused me greatly.
My life got so much better when I started using Imagus.
...I've just realised I was being really dumb. I somehow took 15 to be the year of birth... so either 1915 or 2015. Now I get it.
China has been generous!
How do you know if it's mean or not before reading it?
More facetious
I thought M3 was a pretty good paper, even though I made a few silly mistakes. Did you do the January 2015 IAL? FPs were pretty nice though.
Agreed
Bit of a shame I think. The sub was far from dying.
Oh man, such anti-America circlejerk amirite
The system built to automatically reset the timer with old accounts failed. Info here: http://www.reddit.com/r/Knightsofthebutton/comments/38q9x5/the_button_and_necromancer_postmortem/
How much do you know about the button? The OP of that post created some sort of program (I don't actually know the details) that used "donated" old (sometimes shadow-banned) accounts and synced them up to use their press at 0 seconds, one after the other. However an account that was supposed to press an hour or two ago turned out to be unable to press. So the timer legitimately ran out.
People are leaving school and the SAT hasn't been taken yet? I don't get how this works.
Where can I see the paper?
Ah, that makes sense. I just couldn't comprehend doing M4 &amp; FP3 and not D1 :p I guess there's probably no trick to determining where questions might come from - maybe recent IAL and older UK papers give the best idea. What other subjects are you doing?
New markdown, no slash required: r/upvotedbecausegirl
What do you mean?
Ah okay, fair enough.
I think he was just making a joke. After all, when have you ever seen a flag with a watermark on it?
But hard to spell.
So where do they do the test? Or is it online?
Yeah, only one person in my class opted for M4 and I think the rest of us had had enough of mechanics by that point :p She does say that it's better than M3 though so between you both I think I'm convinced that it's not all that bad :p Only 9 at my school. We lost 4 from last year though, and that's not counting the people who dropped it at the start of AS :s Your Further class is bigger than my Physics class! I can tell you it's a pretty nice way to spend your last year, hehe. I guess that's fair enough of them ; Further Maths probably isn't the safest subject. Yeah, that part of History was nice, especially as a break from all the maths! I just wasn't a fan of my teachers and the style of essay writing they wanted. What topics did you do?
I see. So the test takes place at school, but during the holidays? Or are the younger students not out yet?
That fur looks amazing in the sun.
Post in /r/funny then
What on earth is that contraption?
Next time on Doctor Who...
Literally none on that wall are right. Though I guess Japan's is close.
Why is the military advisor with Notre Dame?
Where do people run over birds that are on the road?
What body of water are you looking across?
He must really hate pro gaming
What would be the minimum required for looking at the sun?
Interesting, thanks.
It really confused me for a second.
&gt;weary of you Ugh, here he comes again, wiping out civilizations as usual... *sigh*
Twist: the daughter is a child prodigy and is in her third year of maths at university.
I got it! Thanks
Where's here?
Reads like Roald Dahl
I wonder how many Channel Islands they went with.
My life got so much better when I started using this.
It's taken from a Youtube video, and Imagus will play the sound with it.
I definitely don't think the audience is supposed to dislike his character. In fact, he's probably one of the ones people empathise with more.
&gt;effectively immediately
It's the Solstice
Is the Napoleonic Wars multiplayer organised?
Cool. I used to watch Malakith Skadi's videos of 77y battles and always fancied being a part of it one day.
I'd also like to know about GTA IV
Oh yeah, didn't notice the complete edition was on summer sale. It's £7.49 for me; I wonder why you get it cheaper?
It's good to hear it's still popular. What do you mean by committing to a regiment being highly debatable?
Okay great, I was hoping you meant that. I play EVE and love the large-scale us vs. them combat in that game, so it will be awesome to experience it in a historical setting. Can you recommend a (newbie-friendly) regiment?
Nice extension, thanks! Yeah, regional differences seems to be the case.
I'm always slightly disappointed when I don't see Guernsey nestled between Guatemala and Guinea. You think you guys have it bad; I have an extra step in selecting a country.
Exactly. The only people who think they are identical don't have the best grasp of the English language.
Can't imagine you've met many English people
What accent is this?
It's like glarce
Title says 10 seconds or less!
You can't edit titles...
&gt;not unnatural &gt;not impure &gt;creepy What does creepy even mean any more?
Try /r/pics
"The cashier is ready for you now; please follow me to their office"
That would explain why it has greeters, then
Man bacteria just don't get a break do they
And http://www.reddit.com/r/PerfectTiming/comments/39rj1s/holy_fuck_perfect_timing/ is almost in spot below that
How do pronounce what? Glass or gloss?
The war has changed.
You need two breaks between lines.
I haven't either and I'm a Brit.
I don't think he was seriously calling it proof.
Catching the bus?
That's because no one actually says moggy, except the odd British grandma
To get to Charmouth
You can start exams that late?
Diapers and preschool in the same comment? Where are you from?
Yeah, I meant late in the morning. I thought they had to start by 9am.
If you can't recognise a question formed in this manner then you are severely out of the loop.
Absolutely. Starting up a game and getting into a session seems like such a commitment, when it's much easier just to watch a video of it. But when I do manage to start playing, I always then enjoy it.
Is it me or does the toff on the right look like Wojak?
Have you seen the Swiss guards?
A dangling participle
I can't imagine life without uniforms
