EG could't find a stand in for Sumail?
sorry ID Fangays
cant wait for the EG gam... Oh wait.
2 or 3 good sets the rest i can't sell. No thanks
EG was only in this because they thought hey would only face JV teams.
they can't get a stand in for sumail ?
you mean how bad Twitch is?
A shuffle for your hero sets. 25% gold and exp when you deny a creep.
thats fine but if they don't win anything they are going to go broke. SO this won't work out for everyone
eg lost?
all the more reason to cheer on TS at TI5
Don't allow twitch to show Dota tourny problem solved
he is trying to get onto team Alliance
everyone on my fucking team doing there hero challenge. thats the worst thing
IIRC they have not taken the payment because they don't want to be double taxed
please be a photo chop
THIS. Game is't even playable right now with everyone trying to complete there hero and compendium challenges. They need to find another way for people to earn points.
no brewmaster no care
who ever wins i am sure valve will say they are perfect just they way they are.............right Void.............
I am unable to find a match. Is this not in the beta yet?
I hate EG so much
wait this is just for seeding ?
the en2 Cast is pretty bad who are these 2?
oh look more cry baby tears from a pro video game player. If you don't like your hotel feel free to pay to stay at a different one.
Players need a union to get 1st class flights 5 star hotel suites and to make sure every team gets paid just for showing up to a tournament
lol eg fan gays
PPD "i did't like the format"
PPD "we did't like the format"
i will quit this game if slark wins
purge........really
Merlini | Analyst Desk Sheever | Analyst Desk ......................wat
what a shit show.
they won WCA on a brand new patch playing nobody teams. They got shit on at the last major. Why do you cucks think they earned a invite?
The browns are the problem not there coach
Carr just got killed
this team goes in a new direction every 2 years.
lol this was good
Damn joe not a FA till 2019
you might as well shut down early no one is going out for ice cream during the game
Packers special: Chuck the ball 60 yards down field and have Erin tell the refs to call PI.
The only bigger cry baby the Aaron in the NFL is Brady. The Suh hit was a accident. Change your tampon already.
Why does Dom Cappers get so much TV time? I never see other teams DC brought up as much as him.
weak left side for that gb oline.
white cb....not good
how high are your right now?
because its the packers
knock that fat ass down
why the packers own his ass for the most part.
or the fact the whole D is on HGH
jesus christ more Ad's?
Its been 3 min since a commercial can one of you act hurt?
the blew it dead so what are they even talking about.
Clay and Rodgers have not played well enough to get into the pro bowl
HGH you taste so good.
cause he is abbrederis
TEDDY YOUR A FUCKIN DUMB ASS.
Teddy Farve
both
did't look like he had control
you know they had that one in waiting.
its Erin Rodgers and the Packers they will overturn it.
lol
I don't think the hoodie is good luck anymore.
no one cares about the diva's
watch the onside.
MIN is going to lose this i feel it in my bones.
what did i fucking tell you
lol looking for a flag.........
get the FG teddy will give ti back to you.
THANKS FARVE
MIN is trying to give up the game
push off that would have been OPI
how many chances are you going to give green bay
get ready for some of that great PREVENT D
please do another fake
because its a shit team from the top down.
prevent D
now that was a holding call they missed. Jesus
look at these slow ass WR on GB
no
I can not stand the excuses the radio guys on 620 AM come up with for this team
Ted is not the best GM IMO. Yea he drafted Clay and picked up Peppers(who i forgot was still on the team) but other then that....
you still hanging onto that?
Zyori
I disagree
Thanks Eli
#PrayForPeanut
So Roman will be #1 and Destroy everyone till its down to him and Brock or HHH. HHH or Brock will be the new champ. Fucking predictable and stupid.
if the game is't going on they need to remove it from the watch list. the first 5 games get the Lobby not found error.
YOU LOSE GOOD DAY SIR!
how long till they start selling this stuff to other people?
And now his watch has ended.
not everyone can coast like MM
OK Yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
my wife keeps turning on the Hallmark channel. How much will the divorce cost me?
no one gives a fuck a bout the pro bowl stop doing it already
I DO god damn it
but it does seem that way.
just run it
Vince W is going to FUMBLE
