Signs are op yo
No a glitch
Dank memes can't cause a particle accelerator to explode
I guess Geralt did get his armor lined with velvet
Good luck because literally all of the people he can fuck in Witcher 3 are all infertile. Well unless you count the whores at the Brothel
Yeah but Yennefer is infertile and so is Triss. Maybe Keira wasn't
[Spoiler](/s "You killed Her? Whelp there goes the cure for the Bubonic Plague")
Jesus christ thats horrible
Also I think the Witcher's multiverse is more along the lines of totally distinct worlds. That are majorly different from one another. With different progressions in technology and etc. Also she can travel through time too
True but the theory is the most plausible. Alvin is never seen again in teh story whatsoever
Maybe i misunderstood it and it really was a timeloop
Gotta find a good decker chummer
It originated on 4chan due to attention seekers saying they are women
Fuck then why do feminists keep preaching that feminism si equal rights for both genders?
Hmmm... Footprints in the Snow non-human. Smells musty
We have to save the multiverse
Speed force
Wetwork? I'm fine with that. I'll be the bullet sponge like always * [Cleaver](https://docs.google.com/file/d/0B1ZXjBHo3z5mS2lYS080eGVHaU0/edit) Note: Waiting for the next version of chum5 to release that will finally allow restricted gear to work so I can mark Cleaver as completed. I'm down 3 dmso and 1 rocuronium and 1 narcojet. Also sitting on 28000 nuyen from the 2 runs i've done also 7 karma.
http://img3.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20141219011649/creepypasta/images/8/8a/Keep-calm-and-all-will-be-well-7.png
Soon all my xcom troops will wield Dikoted Vibroblades. We street sams now
The flash looked at the speed of the hard drive and sighed.
RIP Tony Jay your voice was godlike
/r/tuckedintitties has been a community for a day. Wot
FYI: Otusaio the Singularity and the paradox eddie created could cause this whole scenario to go out the window. Perhaps Stag will still be alive if the paradox is resolved in some fashion where history gets slightly rewritten
Atleast he got to have sex before things went to shit
FUCKING IMLERITH THAT MOTHERFUCKER. One of the heardest fights i've ever had in a game. I went full heavy attacks and his phase where he starts teleporting aroudn quickly was so hard. Eventually I managed to dodge all his attacks in his first phase and eventually beat him. It was so utterly fucking Satisfying seeing his fucking head explode and be burnt off
It actually took me about 30 seconds in my last battle with him. Its all about timing
Guess they still won't use motion capture over at bethesda Edit: Motion Capture is used for lifelike animation. Actors get put in a suit and walk around recording the way their bodies move this creates high quality animation that is extremely lifelike
Pretty last gen and they don't even use mocap
I heard Todd Howard hired a animation school dropout because he was a friend
A lot of Triple A studios have their own Motion Capture studios built. The cost of mocap actors I really doubt is that high.
Refresh the page and look at my post now. Oh whatever i'll just copy and paste what I put in it 5 minutes ago Edit: Motion Capture is used for lifelike animation. Actors get put in a suit and walk around recording the way their bodies move this creates high quality animation that is extremely lifelike
BAAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH New Vegas wasn't made by Bethesda bro. Fallout 3 has the war over a water purifier everyone wanted to turn on. The water purifier itself being in a river where radiation would get swept downstream into the ocean. It is actually stated by a character ingame that the purifier will somehow purify the water upstream not just downstream of it eventually. Also its set 200 years after the war but there are barely any settlements save for Megaton and somehow all the old buildings in Washington DC are still standing 200 years later which considering no one was maintaining them and nuclear bombs had gone off all around its a miracle the place was still standing.
Fallout 3 had terrible story I doubt fallout 4 will have a good one New vegas was great because it wasn't bethesda
It turns out a LOT of people don't know about how games are made.
You must be completely and utterly retarded. What the fuck do you think Bethesda has been working on since the last skyrim dlc? Just farting about? They were developing fallout 4 i mean really come the fuck on. You arn't in pre-alpha a year before release date. Don't be so fucking stupid. I say a year before release because Skyrim was announced a year before its release. It is a possibility that they may release it this year but I doubt it. They are most definitely in Alpha. If they are releasing this year they are probably in beta right now assuming its feature complete. The only games Bethesda even makes are Fallout and Elder Scrolls so really what do you think they have been doing all this time?
Going into a hotsim modded game will be great. Feeling the water, the fresh air and the grass between your toes. Just plug into your hotsim with your datajack and make sure to not get addicted
Thats why you get the datajack installed in the back of your head. Now then just remember hotsims are illegal... but wouldn't you want to feel the wind on your face? The grass between your toes? I know a guy.
I for one welcome my corporate overlords and will serve them as a loyal wage slave. ^^^Save ^^^us
Boooooo
That wasn't because of the sediment.
HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA
https://youtu.be/00efdE5CD7A?t=6m10s Just for you
I don't think we watched the same show. Season 1 was good(Ending was deus ex machina because they didn't plan to have more than one season) Season 2 shit (Save for First Avatar) Season 3 The villains are god damn amazing and the combat was fucking great one of the most heartwrenching scences i've seen came from this season Season 4: HOLEE FUKKIN SHIT no words can express how fucking insane it was
I felt like the Action lulled for a bit for Korra to deal with emotional issues it was great they weren't resolved in a single episode
People don't like witchers becase A: Cult of Eternal Fire espouses humans only kill the elves and dwarves and lynch the wizards B: Witchers have bad reputations for taking children as payment(Which is true) C: Hurrr stealin all our gold for killing a monster they'd rather not pay D: People believe they are emotionless killing machines. In reality the mutation makes Geralt unable to cry and he wish's he could cry. Witcher's gave higher lows in emotions(No depression for example) and lower highs(He wouldn't feel ecstatic joy maybe save for a few moments in his life) E: They have cats eyes which shows they arn't human F: Geralt is clearly different white hair with cats eyes. Remember in these times most people never traveled beyond 5 miles from their homestead in their entire lifestead G: Not many witchers left so he is a bigger oddity
no its adults who are into squidgirls
Oh the mutagens reform them they still need to eat
Now get subjected to a horribly painful process turning you into a monster hunter. Enjoy
&gt;Ignores the colored hood meepo
Well clearly since you were wrong and I knew the right answer your a horrible person and lazy for not remembering it correctly /s
That son of a bitch bought filet mignon with your wallet ive seen it done before
Geralt likes to follow the witcher code which requires you take payment.
I unleashed 3 quantum singularities that consumed the space station. There were 70 people aboard Orbital Space Station 13... Only 15 made it out alive. That or perhaps my very worst moment was transforming people into slimes forcibly... The reason this is so horrific is because you can't be changed back from a Slime... They have no mouth and they must scream... Telepathically they can anyway. They are just a ball of slime that eats dna Or murdering the clown. But fuck the clown. Welcome to Space Station 13
literally the first freaking book. Geralt was taken by vesemir as payment for I can't recall what it was but he invoked the law of surprise and took Geralt.
You act like 3 months isn't a long ass time
Not really. I'm still reading them myself because wikis dont go that indepth
Good luck beccause new vegas was made by Obsidian not by Bethesda
Mind sharing?
Wait... commlinks with sleaze and agents? Mother of all teamwork tests here i come
let's all hope the side quests are more like The Witcher than skyrim.
What resolution do you play at?
Frankly it made no sense to me that Harold went all the way to Washington DC. I suppose he is near ageless but eh
So why don't they sell these online? They look nice
Ah been so long since i played
Or a spy watch. Or spy hair accessories.
I kind of want the edge so when i can summon greater form spirits i can preedge for 6 hits for endowment power to boost my party and myself... christian theurge sounds fun to play rp wise
Flavor is really nice. But i'd rather have the fucking food than flavor extract
What the fuck is going on with his face
In new 52 the speed force is actually limited and barry gets slower if there are more people connected to the speedforce
You want to know the best part? They weren't going to do a Technomancer book until some writers begged for it in the finalizing process of Data Trails. Yep. Technomancers really getting the shit end of the stick.
You want to know the best part? They weren't going to do a Technomancer book until some writers begged for it in the finalizing process of Data Trails. Yep. Technomancers really getting the shit end of the stick.
Thats why we send in the gorillas to eat the toads.
[Haha](http://i.imgur.com/y24NbEO.jpg) [Laugh Included](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rX7wtNOkuHo)
[Bought 10](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rX7wtNOkuHo)
What about MOON Dragon that magically lays an egg with the same mass as the original moon? Oh and that it was an egg and those spider things were single celled organisms. WHAT THE FUCK. I just stopped watching after those two episodes like seriously what the fuck moffat
A weapon to surpass Metal Gear.
Yeah but the Justice League is funded by Bruce Wayne since he sponsors Batman
Bruce Wayne hires John Jones to steal from banks clearly
&gt;Only 12gb of ram
You didnt show up to the detentions right?
See you start asking questions and suddenly your in deep shit.
Jesus christ. My school was made by a prison company but it wasn't a real fucking prison
Oh my god I wish i could turn on hairworks
Running a gtx 770
Most buildings have open windows
The joke was "only" 12gb of ram like he only had 4gb rather than 12
Holy shit that man is a god
"Analysis of the Psionic alien's implants indicates that we might be able to integrate these components into an armor kit... although this would be of no use to a soldier without psionic potential, it could greatly improve the abilities of those who do show promise in this area." It was integrated from the Ethereals own implants to improve their Psionic power. Instead put in armor
HERESY! There are no female space marines
Pun threads are the worst
I wasnt the guy who posted the line genius
I don't want to read Wikis wahhhh
It's not as if people for Riot havn't lied and fucked over people before Pendragon shutdown the largest dota communities website when he jumped over to Riot and didn't release the archives for years. Oh and he used those archives to create heroes in LoL
GW2 having no endgame is its best component
[Dervish](http://suptg.thisisnotatrueending.com/archive/19744246/images/1341466669795.jpg) you say?
HERESY OF THE HIGHEST ORDER. Ordering [Exterminatus](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h67JpMyrOVE). I hereby sign a death warrant of an entire Subreddit and consign a million souls to Oblivion. The Emperor Pao Protects
Another body. What do you think they are attaching it to a monkey?
How is this even possible
Tucker pls no Not Nina
