And best available year round? Furious.
I'm one of those ex Navy nuke guys, and I'm a generation dispatcher for an ISO. Is describing the job in that much detail a reaction to how you've never met anyone outside of work who even knows we exist? It's a habit for me too.
&gt; max my 401k up to company's matching program; First of all, if I were you, I'd bump this up to $18k/yr, the legal max. It sounds like you have extra money you don't know what to do with, and already max your IRA. &gt; I drive a 12-year old car &gt; I've decided to spend $20K all-in over the next 3 years on a new, leased bmw. I love cars. I love driving them; I love working on them. I don't think that going out and leasing one "just because" is a good idea though. You said you don't live in the city, but how much time do you spend in your car every day? I've had a BMW, and I absolutely understand the appeal of one, but why not go buy a 5-year old one with cash? &gt; save and invest so you can have a lot of money! -- if i fast forward 20 years, won't that advice still be the same? No, because if you do it, you'll have a lot of money, and if you choose, you can live off of investment returns. [If you save 50% of your income, you'll never need to work again after just 17 years.](http://www.mrmoneymustache.com/2012/01/13/the-shockingly-simple-math-behind-early-retirement/) &gt; When will the advice ever change to SPEND MONEY AND LIVE YOUR LIFE, YOU IGNORAMUS? Here, on this sub? Probably never. You absolutely should spend a little on fun things. But going out and purposefully making poor financial decisions just because you never have before? Why would you do that? &gt; I often feel guilty when I do buy something (e.g. I bought a $1,200 watch for my mom's 60th birthday, which she loves &amp; wears every day, but even now I feel a bit guilty spending that much on something, even if it is for my mom (stingy much?)). Honestly, that's ok. I wouldn't call you stingy at all. What can a $1200 watch do that a $200 watch can't do? &gt; I hate that people are brainwashed into saving for the future, but then when the future comes and they're "financially independent" -- they're still shackled and bound. I'm confused by this. What are they shackled and bound by? If you have enough money that you can live comfortably until you die, you can do whatever you want, no shackles. If you dont, by the time you want to retire, it simply means you haven't been saving enough. &gt; I'd rather live better when I'm young and cut back when I'm old tired and useless to society. Why do you have to retire when you're old and tired? I will retire when I'm 45. Check out /r/financialindependence.
&gt; 1. Improve current home- The home we live in needs a lot of work. What kind of work does it need? You've been able to live in it for four years already, it sounds like it's in a liveable condition and not falling apart or unsafe. Personally, I'd put the $100k towards your mortgage (or, any debt with a higher interest rate than it first). How much do you owe on your current house? If you then continue to make normal payments and invest for school as you had originally planned, you'll meet your goals much sooner. *Then* do your renovations if you still want to.
If anything, I personally think you should spend a *smaller* percentage on rent as your income increases. The law of diminishing returns applies to your apartment as much as it does to the rest of your life. If you got a job tomorrow that doubled your paycheck, would you go out as soon as your lease is up and double your rent?
&gt; "starter" checks below 500 That's crazy. I write ~2 checks a month, and I imagine most people write that many or less, for rent and one bill that for some reason won't get on board with the newfangled internet contraption. At that rate, it would take me 20 years to go through 500 checks.
&gt; maybe I am just to selfish to see otherwise. That's my gut reaction, honestly. &gt; my parents have decided that it is time for me to start paying rent. It's your choice. Do you want to pay your parents $400/month, or take a chance trying to live on your own? Do you contribute to paying the utilities? On your own, you're looking at (on top of rent) another few hundred for electricity, gas, water, sewer, trash, cell phone, internet, etc, etc. &gt; paying $400 dollars of rent each month takes a large portion of my salary. is it over 30%, after taxes? If so, maybe you need to talk to them about lowering it, but if not, it's completely fair. &gt; IMO the ideal situation would be to convince them that it is not good for either of us if I pay rent But this simply isn't true. It would not be good for them if you stopped paying. Not only that, but they paid for your education.
&gt; It is livable and not unsafe. If I can make a suggestion: Throw up a coat of paint, for now. I bought a house with all original fixtures and decoration from 1977, except some new appliances. We originally wanted to do a lot work, but just painting every room more modern colors and painting all the trim and doors white has changed the whole feel of the house, and now it feels like we can wait a long time before we might want to do more major work. Maybe $250 total on paint and supplies? I'd do this first, and see if you feel like you need to do more. I also updated the light fixtures, ceiling fans, and outlets/switches, but that was only another $300 or so. Spend $500 before you make a decision on what to do with $100k.
Wait, your head would grow back? Would that form a new consciousness? Wouldn't your body grow back from your head?
I'm not pro-life either, but those people make me irrationally angry for another reason: If I honestly believed that abortion was the actual murder of babies, and it was being conducted on the scale that it is, I wouldn't stop at lame protests in front of womens' health centers. I would be doing everything in my power to get it to stop. I don't think most people on that side of the issue actually believe what they're spewing.
Interestingly enough, the Navy has an Undersea Warfare Center in Hawthorne, Nevada.
Good on you. I would have been way more passive aggressive about it. Every time I see her car parked in the spot, I'd take a picture, time stamp it, and attach it to a Reply All.
&gt; Well you will need to make more than 35k to retire young. While I agree with that, he did specifically say: &gt; I'd like to retire by 60/65 That's not young. The whole range of those ages is above when you can make withdrawals from tax-advantaged accounts, and the age when you can begin receiving social security benefits is right in the middle. Two fairly common retirement standards.
&gt; I budgeted to contribute 10% to a 401k Your retirement was not funded "just fine". At only a 10% contribution, you'll have to work for at least 51 years from when you begin it. Good luck!
&gt; Assuming a 5% salary increase yearly This is counting your chickens before they hatch. Your salary could plateau, or even go down. Also, accounting for salary increases means you'll have to work even further if you maintain the same investment rate, as your spending will go up, and you'll need to finds to cover it in retirement.
That's oddly specific.
To all of you crying about "stolen valor": [The law amends the federal criminal code to make it a crime for a person to fraudulently claim having received any of a series of particular military decorations and awards with the intention of obtaining money, property, or other tangible benefit from convincing someone that he or she rightfully did receive that award.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stolen_Valor_Act_of_2013#Provisions.2FElements_of_the_bill) There are no medals/ribbons on the BDUs. Even if there were, this person is not benefiting from them in any way. Also, The BDU is a phased out uniform. This person is a civilian. Maybe one with no tact or class, but a civilian nonetheless. This person can wear whatever the hell she wants, and you, the military member, are defending her right to do so. You can tell her not to wear it until you're blue in the face, and she is perfectly capable of telling you to fuck right off. It's not worth your time to even worry about it, much less complain about it on the internet.
Where he goes for his first tour will depend highly on his rate. Many folks don't even get stationed overseas on their first tour, and some people never get stationed overseas at all. I can't speak for the surface or air communities, but in submarines, your sea tours are limited to seven bases, five of which are in the mainland US. Two of them are technically overseas, but both Guam and Hawaii are accompanied, if I'm not mistaken. In fact, if you're a missile tech, you're limited to exactly two bases, both in CONUS. But, for example, if you're a surface YN, HM, LS, etc, you can go literally anywhere, and aren't even limited to Navy bases.
&gt; What is my next move? Depends on your goals and how far away they are. Maybe your company will help paying for your Masters? When do you think you'll have those kids? Maybe a house? Retirement? The first thing I'd recommend you do is take a look at [this article](http://www.mrmoneymustache.com/2012/01/13/the-shockingly-simple-math-behind-early-retirement/). Not because you're necessarily thinking about retiring early, but look at the lower percentages on the chart and see how long you'll have to work. From the day you start investing for retirement, not from the day you start working. You're doing great, honestly. but I do have a problem with: &gt; neither of us has it in mind to start off our marriage in debt &gt; I have a car payment of $550/mo You're in debt now! Are you planning on paying off the car before you get married? It's not a monthly bill, it's a large amount of money you owe someone else. What is the interest rate, and how much do you owe?
But, those people making $60k gross are paying income taxes, likely have other benefits, and likely are making ~45k net. Then they have a rent or mortgage that takes up a large portion of their pay.
&gt; when he does need a million dollar house? When will anyone "need" a million dollar house?
"Want" is an appropriate word here.
You don't "need" to be a homeowner. Neither does OP, neither do I, and neither does anyone else.
http://xkcd.com/386/ No worries, man.
An Australian moving overseas doesn't have to move to the US.
[test post please ignore](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/92dd8/test_post_please_ignore/) /r/test
Hey, no worries. I upwoted you anyway. You can't tell me what to do.
Wait, are you an old man now? Because if not, you have a bunch of seasons to watch between now and then.
I'm not really from anywhere.
How is this enforced? I'm not asking just to be a dick. It makes sense because a retired person still receives pay and benefits, but unless the retired person still works for the military as a civilian, who issues punishment if they violate the UCMJ, unless they *also* break the law and end up in civilian court?
But, it gets *better* after ORSE, right? Wait, you mean everyone *lied* to me?
Have you asked over in /r/sailing [Edit] or /r/tattoos? Most nautical tattoos aren't Navy-specific; maybe someone over there has a good reference for you.
&gt; Well the doors were locked So, hold on. You showed up at a government office, after hours, to locked doors, while the folks inside were obviously getting ready to go home, and you expect the folks to be welcoming and courteous to you while you showed them no respect at all? Good luck in the Army. Or, you can fix your attitude and come back during normal working hours.
But then how is my left-hand side different from your left-hand side?
&gt; There's nothing in the world stopping us from taking the temperature of absolute zero in Fahrenheit, calling that 0 degrees on the Trumbley scale or whatever, and making exactly the same claim about Fahrenheit being pegged to absolute zero. They did this a long time ago. It's called the [Rankine](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rankine_scale) scale.
I think cloth diapers are great! Just to play devils advocate, though: With two kids in cloth, our water usage is about double what it would be without them. Washing machines use a *ton* of water.
&gt; regardless of income, comparing oneself to others results in misery. I am also 27. I got to be where I am because I was very very lucky in a few key decisions. It also helps that, while I may not be the most hard-working guy out there, I am extremely diciplined, and I'm willing to do things that other people are not. When I was 18, I had no idea what I wanted to, so I joined the Navy. They threw a ton of money at me to become a nuclear operator. That was piece of luck number one. I didn't know it then, but nuclear experience in the navy opens up some seriously well paying jobs in the future. I hated it. I hated nuclear power; I hated submarines; I hated shaving every day. From about day three of boot camp, I knew there was nothing I wanted more than to get out. But I also knew that I had signed a contract, and I was going to stick to my word no matter what. Dicipline. When I was getting out, I came home from a deployment and had about a week to find a new job. But I found one in that time, because I was willing to move across the country and work rotating 12-hour shifts at a chemical plant. Willingness to do what others are not. While I was there, there was a chemical spill while I was not on shift. The shift manager didn't want folks going to the hospital to get checked out and wanted to cover it up. I decided I wanted no part in a company that would treat its employees that way. Luck, sort of. So I got back into power production, on the grid operations side. I actually had enough time to look for a job and pick one I wanted, the chemical company didn't know I was leaving. The power company sold their power plants, and left my department with nothing to operate. We were all downsized, and received severances worth 1/3 year's salary. Bad luck, you might say, but: I got a new job, and moved again (willingness to do what others are not) to dispatch the electric grid itself. This put me where I am today. I still work rotating 12 hour shifts. But now I make $85k with no degree. It's been a long road to get here. You think you're stressed? Imagine being 20 and placed in control of a nuclear reactor, several hundred feet underwater. Make a few wrong moves, 160 people die. Try being laid off when you have a child with congenital heart defects, who is scheduled for her second open heart surgery two weeks later, and your second kid on the way. Do you know what it's like to think to yourself "I may not be able to support my family soon; *I am a failure as a father and a husband*"? I'm not trying to say you could have it worse (or that I have it worse than you); I hate people who do that. I just think that money isn't everything. Those people you look at and make tons of money, I bet they have problems of their own, and are looking right back at you thinking "I wish my life was so simple." A friend of mine from the service makes double what I make, but he never sees his kids. He's on the road 200+ days a year. Another friend makes nearly 3x what I make, but he works on an oil rig in the Middle East. I often catch myself thinking "man, If I didn't have a family, That's what I'd be doing!" but then I realize that I wouldn't have my family. **TL;DR:** Don't worry about it.
Take all the uneasiness away with a semi-joke: "Thank you for your tax money."
I got out a few years ago. I wear my NWU pants for camping and doing dirty yard work. Sometimes I even go to the bank in them! The horror! What are you going to do about it, OP?
Stand by for what? It's not like they can make him go get divorced.
That shouldn't be a problem if you're "really rich" as OP says.
Not if you get an FHA loan, which most people who put less than 20% do.
Yes, you can refinance, but as of April 2013, lenders are no longer required to simply drop PMI when you reach any amount if equity. There are other types of loans that do not require 20% down, and these can have the PMI removed eventually, just not FHA.
The ones with raised pieces are better at hiding scratches. If your job involves climbing around on stuff for maintenance, or squeezing in tight spaces, you'd need a new plain buckle fairly often.
Why not both?
Have you looked at IKEA?
You have been cut off from that wealth, first things first, you need to adjust your attitude and your idea of what you *need*. $50k is a lot of money, in that, if you really wanted to, you could be very frugal and live for a year or two. You were driving in a CTS, and your parents could afford to give you the cash, so I'm going to assume you don't know how to live like us "po' folk". So, let's first pretend the money doesn't exist. Your best option is to join the military. You have no education and extremely minimal minimum-wage experience. You will probably not be able to find a job that will pay you a living wage. That isn't going to be the case 100% of the time, but I guarantee you're not going to like doing what will pay you enough. Dirty, dangerous labor, odd shifts, etc. Go see a recruiter. You'll need to take a test known as the ASVAB, and when you find out what you're qualified for and decide what you want to do, there will likely be a time you'll need to wait before you can go off to basic. This is where the $50k comes in. Find an apartment. Actually, preferably, find roomates. You want the cheapest place you can find, here. Buy a cheap car with cash, unless you live in a city with good public transportation. And then, honestly, if I were you, I'd just wait til my ship date. Don't blow that money. Maybe buy some used furniture if it's a long wait period. Hang out, pay your bills, spend time with your friends. Once you're in and receiving paychecks, ask this question again. "What do I do with the rest of this $50k?"
&gt; MSU ROTC No, at this point, you need to go enlisted. If one branch won't take you, try the others.
Not necessarily. Who told you that?
A cadet? Bud, you need to go talk to someone whose actual job is to put people in the service. Not someone who is going to school to eventually be there.
&gt; Did you read I'm going to be straight with you. Take my advice, or leave it, but that attitude will get you *nowhere*. This is *exactly* what I meant by: &gt; you need to adjust your attitude I've known many people like you in the past, and I've watched as each one of the made the same mistake. You've admitted you were spoiled. Now you're being kicked out; you *need* to drop that bullshit attitude *right now*. You are the bottom of the food chain, somewhere you have never been before and never imagined you'd be. You need to start acting like it. &gt; so I called the Army &gt; I was a 15 year old First, you need to go in, in person. No recruiter wants to talk to 15 year old, because they have a quota to meet, and you won't join until after they've got new orders. It wasn't worth their time to talk to you. Now you're old enough. Make it worth their time; prove you want it. And again: &gt; If one branch won't take you, try the others.
I have a serious question that nobody ever seems to consider: What makes a house a "starter"? If you took away that connotation, which one would you want?
What was the rate before, how much time was remaining?
What if your income doesn't increase?
Wouldn't that mean that what you once thought of as "starter" now just is "forever"?
Including airfare from North America?
To be fair, we *do* have advertising on American MLS uniforms. It wouldn't surprise me one bit if the NFL started advertising on uniforms too. I mean, they kind of do already, for Nike...
It depends on where he (and you?) works, how long you're willing to commute, and what you consider a "decent suburb". I moved up here from Houston last July. If you're used to the kind of commute I was doing down there, 45min+ one way, the commutes here are a breeze. I bought my house, so I'm no expert on rentals around here, but I'd say you're looking at about 1.25-1.5x the cost for something equal, but houses are a little smaller here in general. Also keep in mind, gas is more expensive, food is a *little* more expensive, but there's no tax on a few things, like clothing. Also, that brings up another point, get ready for state income tax.
You know, one day I might get an STI. The same way some older guys finally get their Corvette in their 50s. But for now, I'm perfectly content with my Legacy and Outback. I have two kids in car seats. I know what it's like to have a carseat in a smaller car, too, and no thanks. Can you fit a trip's worth of camping gear in your WRX? Enough to entertain those kids? It probably won't be fun making a few hour drive with all of it. That's what the Outback was *designed* for. Ground clearance FTW.
I would turn the $100k I found in to the cops, of course.
I'll file that away with other fun lies, like "It gets better after ORSE".
Oh, I know. I dispatch the power grid too. It was just a running joke with all the lifers I knew.
You have a combined income of $95k, however, your lower income earner only makes $40k. This means, if you were to lose your job, it would be very difficult to make your mortgage payments. You already have too much house. Not only that, but your debt is greater than a full year's income for your lower income earner. You have four bedrooms. You/husband in room 1, Grandma in room 2, I'm confused why you'd need more than two more bedrooms rooms, if you have two kids. Even if you wanted a spare room to use as an office, playroom, etc, you'd just put the two kids in the same room. You're just not in a financial position to do either right now.
&gt; You can't put your full base pay into your TSP - the contribution limit is $18,000 a year. But he can put 100% in until he hits $18k this year, he still has 6 months to do it. Once he hits $18k, return the contribution percentage to 0% until January, then repeat until he has as little as he wants in his emergency fund.
Why $2m, and do you mean $2m in today's dollars, or in 2050 dollars?
All of the brackets seem a little low.
A large portion of the local population is made up of retirees who don't switch teams when they move there. Also, those older folks don't reddit much, and when they do, it's not on an NFL related sub.
The news about their new [long snapper](http://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/2ydxhc/titans_agree_to_5_year_deal_with_long_snapper/) got everyone excited.
I don't think everybody knows this.
I imagine doing [this](http://www.cockeyed.com/pranks/ikea_party/ikea02.shtml), but all night.
I am actually interested in how people come up with the number they need to retire. Most people say quite a bit more; some people, like most in /r/financialindependence say less. I'm in the camp that says you need ~25x your annual expenses to quit for good, but by 2050 that number could easily be $2m with inflation.
Hymen jokes are funny and all, but does he really need two boats named after him? 709 and planned 795. I don't think anyone else has ever had two, unless you count George Washington getting confused with Washington state. [Edit] Ok, so I went and looked it up. George Washington has, unsurprisingly, had several ships named after him. I still don't think anyone other than he or Rickover have had more than one though.
And on the opposite end of the spectrum, if you go to a ballistic missile submarine and stay on that platform, you may do 20 years with two rows. Unless you're a cook.
Hostels are cheap. If you travel by train, do it at night. Sleep on the train, one less hotel stay, and you wake up in a new city. Don't spend your time in tourist traps. Living in Europe isn't actually *that* expensive.
It depends on your other obligations. If you don't really care to spend too much time with other people, working nights is amazing. Get your body used to the new schedule, and there are perks galore. Do your grocery shopping at 24 hour stores in the wee hours of the morning? Nobody is there, no lines. Doctors and other appointments? Schedule them for first thing in the AM. Almost no waiting because they're not behind schedule yet. And you don't have to burn vacation time to do it! One of my favorite things to do is get off work in the morning, and sit on my front porch, drinking my after-shift beer, while I watch people drive in inevitable traffic to their 9-5.
I was always that kid. If you have to teach to the lowest common denominator, there's always going to be that kid. See, the History channel used to be about History, and the Discovery channel used to be about science. My parents love museums and traveling. I love reading, and read for fun more in a month than I was assigned to read for work in a year. I learned so much more outside of school than I ever did in class. My solution for you is to challenge them more. If one of your attention seeking smart kids who always has their hand up gets something wrong, have the goof *correct* them. That would have motivated me. You know they know the answer, but they just aren't motivated by attention.
But that's how real life works. Show up on time, go through the motions of your job, get your paycheck.
Sounds like the course should just be offered in a one weekend format then. Or even better, you should be able to test out at the beginning of the year. If you already know the information, why sit through it at the pace of the slowest learner?
I don't think I could do long stretches of nights only, for that very reason. I do rotating shifts now, and it's a good mix of days with real work, nights with minimal work, and more time off than most people. Most of my days off aren't weekends. It makes coordinating visiting family and things like that a challenge, but if I want to go to the beach or some other touristy thing, it's not crowded.
Definitely my job. But I'd also estimate 90% of white collar work is the same. A good portion of blue collar work is, too. If you show up on time and ready to work, you're already head and shoulders above the competition.
I'd recommend buying a digital OTA antenna. &gt; news in the am, and your reg nightly lineup Depending on where you live, you can get the major channels CBS, ABC, NBC, FOX, etc.
Sounds like free money, then. "Here, I'll pay you to hang out at my house for a few hours."
Put a backslash in front of your pound sign, like this: \\#2 The pound sign is formatting for #big bold text.
&gt; For example, rack vs. rake Why not rack vs. rak? That would sound the same, phonetically.
It is for me, but I'm on IE at work. I don't think all of the mobile apps do it.
Probably 45 days restriction, 1/2 pay for 45 days.
Do you have a frame for your DD-214 yet?
It doesn't really work like that. If you fail any one of the portions, you fail the whole thing. /u/SCShouter just didn't fail any parts. Not really a big deal. If you address anyone as Sailor out in the real world, you're going to have a really bad time.
While I agree with your sentiment, I have a few problems with your math. First, you can make it *to* but not *past* 20 as an E6. I also wouldn't be seriously surprised if I saw a 24-year O5. So, realistically, you're looking at a range of $21-36k (enlisted) or $44-60k (officer). If you're looking at the range of only 20-24 years, that is. Next, your assumption that you max your TSP every year. The max is $18k this year. The vast majority of servicemembers, especially enlisted, either can't or won't put away $750 per month. I can only afford to do so now, *after I got out*. There's no way I would, or even could, have put 100% of my E-3 paycheck into the TSP when I had first joined. I do agree about the lifecycle fund,and that the amounts *are* possible if you max it, I'm just saying most people aren't in a position to do it. &gt; a lifetime annuity of 35k it would cost roughly 7.5 million dollars But enough to draw your figure of $30-40k only requires $750k-1m in an index fund, if you follow the 4% safe withdrawl rule. You're off by an order of magnitude on the low end. I think you might enjoy /r/financialindependence, if you haven't checked it out. &gt; At age 65 you are pulling down 110k per year not doing a damn thing. I absolutely agree, but to counter, I'm at age 27, and I already make almost that amount, and my job isn't really that stressful. In fact, when I work nights, I already just sit on my ass for most of my shift. I can actually afford to max my 401(k) and an IRA, *and still have extra to pay my mortgage very quickly*, and I will have enough to retire when I am 45. The guys who stay in to 20 and don't save anything will be just starting out their second careers at that time in their lives.
&gt; you will be a millionaire Caveat: *at traditional retirement age*. You don't just suddenly become one.
Let me preface this by saying that my dad and father-in-law did 30 years (each!) in the Air Force, and are both retired CMSGTs (E9). I hold absolutely no ill-will towards lifers. I originally planned to do the same. &gt; why do I keep hearing this from senior enlisted? Because it's all they know. Consider the life of your *average* senior enlisted. Join at 18 with maybe a part time high school job as their only work experience. Enjoys their job enough (or got themselves in a poor financial position where they feel the *need*) to re-enlist multiple times. Throughout their career, the idea gets reenforced that getting a job on the outside is hard (it's not!). It becomes an echo chamber with other senior enlisted. "Already did 10, you're halfway there" is a common sentiment. For most, that's after reenlisting only twice. Even if they don't enjoy their job anymore (or their financial situation is better), the sunk cost fallacy takes over. Not with money, but their time, years of their life they can't get back. Might as well get a retirement, right? I believe you should re-enlist only if you can't imagine yourself doing any other job, ever. Some people love the military *that* much, my dad included. Good for them! Seriously, we need guys who fucking live for this shit. But you know what, for the majority of us, that's just not the case.
&gt; How long you're likely to live. If you have enough to live off the returns and never touch the principle (say, withdraw 3-4% per year while it earns an inflation adjusteed 7%), this shouldn't matter. If your portfolio will last you 30 years, there's a 99.9% chance it will last you forever. &gt; Future interest rates. Do you mean, in the way that interest rates are loosely correlated with market performance? I don't have any interest-bearing accounts for retirement, it will be market returns and dividends, and possibly rent of a property. &gt; Future inflation. That's fair, but that's why retirement numbers are generally talked about in today's dollars. Nobody can tell you for sure what $1m today will be worth in 20-40 years.
Whoa, don't just throw that around like it's nothing. Do your *research*, find out if you *really* want to be a submariner first. We don't need people in the sub force who don't want to be there.
That was my thought, too. We're going to see a lot of male MTs going to mast for sexual harassment soon (both real *and* falsely reported), and there's no way around it.
Supply officer is, hands down, the *best* job on a submarine.
&gt; the reason people say do twenty is because it is an almost certain free ride to financial independence. Absolutely. But only if you know what you're doing, have a plan from the get-go, and follow through all the way. If I could go back in time and do it all over again, I would pick a rate I enjoy instead of one that threw a large bonus at me, vastly raise my TSP contributions, and buy a beater car with cash. My net worth would be somewhere around $100k higher than it is now, and I'd stay in for at least 20. But that's with the financial knowledge I have *now*. I didn't know anything about this stuff at 18. Actually, if I were to go back to 2007 again with my current knowledge, I'd eat ramen and invest everything I could in AAPL, TSLA, and bitcoins, and that $100k figure above would be laughably small. I'd be retired *now*. But that's beside the point entirely.
[/r/outoftheloop](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/35l896/if_you_had_365_days_to_eat_a_standard_wooden_door/)
$0, by not panicking. In fact, I bought even more shares because they were on sale.
Cars are not investments. They are depreciating consumer goods.
&gt; I can only pay up to 6k up front right now There's your answer. $6k.
