I've not been to a McDonalds in more than 25 years. What am I missing?
1-ply if you have a septic system. I've errantly fingered my bunghole many, many times.
Accident implies no such thing.
Can you point to a worked example of what you mean?
Dick for following so close.
And by merging illegally, they accomplished exactly what they set out not to do. If they'd allowed more room in front, they could have eased up instead of over.
When we think of brood parasitism in North America, we most often envision parasitism by cow birds. However, cowbirds rarely parasitize barn swallows. Were you able to examine the contents of the nest early or after the eggs were expelled? Barn swallows often lay more than 2 eggs, and so early hatched birds may have pushed out non-hatching eggs (infertile eggs or eggs not yet ready to hatch). Those eggs (those that hatched and those that did not) could have come from the same pair, but alternatively, what you may be witness to is intraspecific brood parasitism, barn swallows trying to rear their young in the nests of others. http://www.bioone.org/doi/abs/10.3161/068.040.0201
This guy engages in the most despicable douchebaggery you can imagine. He's a college dropout that sees no value in education, which is why he's slashed both K-12 education immensely and removed $300+ million from college education. He's disbanded the science arm of the Wisconsin DNR, because who needs information to make decisions? He campaigned on growing jobs and Wisconsin is one of the poorest performers in the Midwest. He campaigned on balanced budgets and reduced taxation, but the reductions in taxes have been meager ($100 less property taxes, for instance) while the budget deficit has skyrocketed. He likened teachers and public safety workers (cops and firefighters) picketing at the state Capitol to terrorists. He wants Wisconsin to be the Mississippi of the North. Mississippi! Are you fucking kidding me. If he becomes president, we'll all be living in Mississippi.
I read that he's reduced weight, to 206 or so, down from what at one time was around 222. Hopefully this reduction in weight allows him to better keep his feet under him, allowing him to maximize his incredible skillset. I'd love to see him as the 4th or 5th S. I see them keeping Abdullah, Parker, Branch, Kelcie, and Commings, with Berry on NFI.
I hate IT at my place of employment. They think security trumps capability. I think if they sacrifice capability for security, they aren't good enough for their job. IT works when no one hears from them EVER, but I fucking deal with them damn near everyday. I hate IT.
I wish it were that way. The problem is that IT isn't judged by how they maximize (or even optimize) organizational capacity - there are no metrics of capacity or accomplishment by which to judge them. Why? Because they don't exist to satisfy the mission of the organization. It's those of us doing the business of the enterprise that are judged by what we accomplish. And right now, because of IT's incompetence in keeping organization resources secure, the organization's ability to accomplish its mission is hamstrung. If a mechanic can't keep a vehicle functioning well, the mechanic is replaced. The mechanic isn't responsible for maintaining the vehicle AND policing the streets on which it operates. IT should not be responsible for organizational security. An entity separate from IT is needed, one that allows IT to do information technology rather than information security (IS). Bring in people trained specifically in security to handle information security, rather than leave it in the hands of individuals with AA degrees who cannot and do not possess the education to cover the breadth of IT let alone IS.
Unless the Pope mentioned something about limiting the human population, it isn't enough.
The error pointing to the registry makes me wonder whether you have the immortality key? Have you used WinBUGS before on this machine?
I'm advocating for more competency by paying for more educated people focusing on one task rather than two. With as much corporate espionage (e.g., St Louis Cardinals-Houston Astros affair, government employee data breach) going on these days, it's time to find an alternative way to accommodating security without costing us our ability to operate. Currently, conflating IS with IT means we don't, and can't, have good IT.
If he clears waivers, he'll probably get an IR designation.
I'm a member, though I've not done anything for/with them yet. There's often sample design problems, analytical chores, etc. Some might require coding, but there's a variety coming in all the time and you can pick how involved you want to be.
It's all pro bono, no dues, only the time folks invest in it.
I did this once. Except when I went for the phone, the guy turned away and I ended up poking him in the eye. He left the theatre, though, to finish his call. He also called the cops and I was arrested. The cop REALLY wanted me to apologize to the guy but I wouldn't. Would do all again. So, beware, if you answer the phone during a movie, you might get poked in the eye.
My wife affected an English accent after we spent a week in Canterbury. She couldn't help it. I was incredibly embarrassed the whole time, but the Brits didn't seem to mind.
I can't for the life of me understand the fascination with a serial killer. How can this be a show?
There is no reason you couldn't go to graduate school right now. You may have to make up some of the coursework, but if you find something that leverages your educational background (e.g., diseases affecting both humans and wildlife), somebody would almost certainly love to have you.
Mismanagement cut the population... Hell, overpopulation is the cause of global warming. Depopulation is an entirely reasonable solution.
Most campus bookstores I'm familiar with do not allow you to stroll around with a book bag. You got to check those things.
What country are you in, because that won't work anywhere I've been in the U.S.
I choose to believe this is really a debate about taxonomy. 41% side with the idea that birds are dinosaurs.
I wouldn't call this a repeated measures analysis. A repeated measure requires you to repeat the measure, and as best as I can find, they did not test a subject more than once. Edit: misread their procedure. I still don't understand the worry about unevenness of sample size.
&gt;It's truly weird symptom of privilege that management dictates to IT. Would they tell plumbers how to get the toilets hooked up for 10,000 employees? Nope. IT has to facilitate the mission of the organization, so of course management is going to dictate what is required. IT has to make it work, or they aren't good enough for the task and should admit as much.
I'm not trying to defend management. But I also don't have a lot of faith in IT.
There is no capacity for 'balance' when you have 7 billion people.
But those dance moves. There's no excuse for those moves.
Is a Pilsner a light lager?
If we wanted cats to maintain a 'natural' life, we would not have domesticated them. Cats belong indoors, there are no ifs, ands, or buts about.
Looks like a robin to me as well.
Cats kill whether they are domesticated or not. Cats belong indoors.
Unfortunately, it isn't common enough.
Did you miss the part about it being so crowded they have people pile backstage to get around? Sounds like a nightmare.
It seems Gelman assumes there have only been two fake bakers in 20 years. There have only been two who have been caught. Regardless, the system in which science proceeds isn't meant to guard against fraud. Sure, it'll eventually overcome the consequences of it, but it can be a slow process. The system that does guard science against fraud is the legal system. Fraud is fraud wherever it is perpetuated.
Just because you're signaling does not mean I have to slow to allow you in. Plan sufficiently far enough in advance and you won't have to impede the progress of others.
Perhaps. But that's for them to decide. Not 'we'.
Perhaps the question should be, why should human morality apply to other species? If it does, then the question that naturally results is, why doesn't the 'morality' of other species apply to us? Rape, extra-pair copulation, infanticide, etc, all occur naturally in the animal kingdom. Are these things wrong? Of course they aren't, because right and wrong do not apply.
You misunderstand me. Humans have no stake in whether the wolf eats the moose, or the wildebeest outruns the lion. It matters not to us whether a robin abandons her best or a deer starves in winter. These are the natural processes of the Earth and to think we, We, know better is hubris of the highest order.
If an alien species of similar intellect and awareness as us engages in what we would deem immoral behavior, so be it. Perhaps it's slavery, ritual murder, infanticide, cannibalism, none of these are things we have a stake in. This is for them to address, not us. We don't have to like it, we may find it obscene, but our morality doesn't apply to them. How can it? How do we apply our morality to them? We say, you must stop this obscene behavior or..., or what? Our morality is ours and ours alone. Everything else between species is negotiated.
Perhaps. Male lions that take possession of a pride will kill all of the young to bring the females into heat faster. Is that wrong? Of course not. Some species, such as bees and ants, will sacrifice themselves for the good of the hive or colony. Is this suicide immoral? Of course not. It's what these animals do. To be judged by our standards of morality makes no sense.
War is a human concern, and therefore a subject to which morality applies.
We know what organisms are not of us. Morality only applies to us. One thing you've not considered is the practicality of morality. What purpose does moral behavior serve? What purpose does it serve to require moral behavior from animals? Morality serves to govern human behavior, not animal.
We ought to behave morally but there is no mechanism by which that requirement can be manifested among nonhumans.
Net happiness has no bearing on an organism's fitness. We do not know whether some organisms even experience happiness. So, clearly, to these organisms your morality has no place.
You do not understand what an ecosystem is. We cannot have a humane ecosystem AND allow carnivory, for instance.
The carnivores will have to go. That isn't an ecosystem, that's an engineered system, and you're mouthing nonsense if you think the carnivores have got to go (extinct?). It is not moral to drive species to extinction.
I'm not equating natural with ethical, only that morality is a human construct for governing human behavior.
If another species does something we find repugnant, it is we who find it repugnant. Morality is a behavior-governing belief system. If these alien child-raping organisms have sentience, then what makes us the moral arbiter to hand down judgement on their intra-species interactions? We are not an angelic species with some heaven-sent high ground to stand upon, looking down on all other life. If we enter into comity with these aliens, we would expect to negotiate a shared morality, an expectation of how one another should be treated. As another poster suggests, we could force our morality on this and all other species, but I hardly see the moral correctness of such behavior. Any forced morality is for our benefit, not that of those whom it is forced upon.
Because it is not a natural property of the universe. In the absence of humans, there is no morality.
It doesn't matter if they're Martians or Dolphins. If they are sentient beings, they'll almost certainly have a moral perspective. It may not be like ours. And then what do we do? Impose ours upon them? As if ours is right and theirs is wrong? And we know this how? Humanity is the architect of the largest extinction spasm in the last 65 million years. We clearly don't hold any moral high ground.
It's neither bad nor good. Subjective statements of bad or good do not apply. It is the cycle of life.
This woman is horribly naive.
And which ones are these? I know of no sentient beings that are also asocial. Sociality has, by definition, a behavior-governing mechanism. This behavior-governing mechanism is morality.
It is not the case that the things you find good apply to another. There is no ultimate good anymore than there is an ultimate truth. Sometimes that which is good for one is poor for all; we are impoverishing the world by consuming ever more net primary productivity - this is good for the individual but will doom us all.
Mexicans and redheads are human and therefore human morality applies.
(I'm not trying to avoid any discussion - I'm on a phone and alien blue is making it difficult for me to keep track of comments) any ways... Because Nazis are human and human morality applies. Nazism makes it easy to apply human morality. There are subtler cases that make it less obvious (e.g., child labor). For you to believe that our morality applies to all sentient species is to suggest that we, and none of these other sentient species, we alone have the correct understanding of what defines moral behavior. Clearly this is farcical. We cannot even agree among ourselves as to what is moral. There are a few things we might be able to agree upon, but they are conditional and not absolute (e.g., killing is bad, unless... Pick your caveat here). Morality is not absolute. It cannot be. Human morality does not exist outside of human existence. It is not a characteristic of the Universe. It is a characteristic of humans. A such, it can only apply to us. To apply it to others is hubris.
Your comment below 'special pleading' was not available to me until after I posted my reply. I'll respond to the extent I can on the rest. You ask, where do we draw the line? I think it's pretty clear what is human and what is not. Are other Homo species in or out? I guess that would depend upon whether our two (or more) species are inculturated. But then, our morality would be a shared morality, not wholly H sapiens. As a shared morality, it would be negotiated. We would define what is absolute and what is conditional. We might apply to ourselves moral standards which do not apply to these other species, and they might do the same. For instance, they might suggest that individual rights are secondary to group rights and that the group prevails even if it comes at the cost of individual consequences. Could we imagine a morality where that would be acceptable? Social insects behave this way. If they were sentient, our morality would not apply to them.
Math is a fundamental characteristic of the Universe. Morality is not. Math is whether we observe it or not, morality only exists if we create it. If our species identifies something universal, it still requires negotiation with other species to make it so. Otherwise, it is simply no more than a human aspiration.
I would have gone with a doctoral advisor on the upside of his career rather than one nearing retirement. My advisor couldn't/didn't keep up with what I was doing, principally because he couldn't follow the specifics.
Aren't jokes supposed to be funny? Nothing funny about this.
I drafted him two years ago in the third round and then was able to keep him as a franchise player this year. He bailed me out a lot; incredible player, especially when Roethlisberger is at QB.
Cats should be kept indoors so this sort of thing never happens. It's irresponsible pet ownership to allow it.
They learn to move quietly when outfitted with a bell. Bells are easy for them to adapt to because they are pounce predators.
I'd like to see a 1:1 line with the points above the line in blue and those below in, say, red, to identify which made money and which did not. The exponents are blurry so it's hard to see by eye. Cool figure nonetheless.
The pellets are easy to clean, but mine also poops out a greasy mess that sticks aggressively to whatever it touches. This means my floof stays in his pen for longer than I'd like. In summer, we let him out on the sun porch and he tends to poop on newspaper we've laid down in the corners. Tends to...
Good to know.
My grandmother didn't learn to drive until she was 65.
You are within your rights to decline to extend authorship to this tutor if he did not materially and substantively aid in the development of the manuscript. A co-author doesn't have to write anything, but they should have helped in developing the ideas, collecting data, provided analysis or important inferential insights, edited the manuscript, etc.
I'm in a 2-QB league, so if I get a chance to draft Newton in round 1, I will.
They go to jail. If they do not, then I call bullshit and join the next wildlife refuge takeover.
You're right.
It would not be appropriate to confer to him honorary authorship. If his contribution did not merit it, he should not be included. Consider acknowledging him.
All this means for me is that I'm up 5-7 times that night pissing.
Swartz's error was believing that previously published science could be made free by fraudulent means. His interests would have been better served creating a means of publishing open science moving forward. I suspect we may someday reach the point where scientists will publish their work on their website. It'll have a digital object identifier, be indexed, receive post-publication review from peer scientists, and be free for public consumption. To put something like this into effect would require something to organize all of this, something that mashes arXiv, ResearchGate, Kudos, and other publishing, peer-reviewing, and publicizing tools.
Still like Daniel Craig more than Sean Connery.
Your inference should be that there is no apparent relationship between these two variables.
Or the Governor, as with Governor Walker of Wisconsin.
The guy will never amount to much as a professional. He plays with no fire. He excelled because he was physically superior to his opponents, but that will only be partially the case in the NFL. Without the necessary desire, this guy is going to get over drafted and never live up to his capability. Bet on it.
I would never have allowed that with my child. Both my spouse and I, plus our youngest, have scars from dog bites. One was an angry dog, another a happy excited dog, the last a confused dog. The common denominator? Dogs have sharp teeth and use them in regular social interaction with members of their own species. They cannot be trusted to not use them in interactions with you.
Getting a job programming is easier than getting one in NFL scouting. I'm looking at job announcements in my local paper and see plenty in programming, none in scouting. The US employs tens (if not hundreds) of thousands of programmers, but each NFL team has no more than about a dozen scouts, so we're talking a community of 500 individuals. If you don't have a football playing background, I can't imagine how you'd find a position with a squad. Perhaps in analytics, but you'd be better served with degrees in statistics rather than computer science. Go to graduate school to get a degree in statistics (with an emphasis or thesis in sports analytics) and then try to find an internship at a club, doesn't even have to be an NFL club, could be any pro sport, foreign or domestic. That's the only route I see to scouting for a non-collegiate/professional player.
Each of these kids needs more sleep.
A middle liveried package is not the same as unsolicited merchandise. Edit: autocorrect sucks. That's supposed to say 'misdelivered', which my iPad now wants to correct as 'misread reed'
That's the strange thing. I can't say that I ever have.
That's what I thought, which is why I don't understand the elevated concerns by the US State Department.
Zitacuaro and the Monarch Biosphere Reserve. We've been told to stay south of the 15D toll road.
Is this guy a storm trooper, because he can't hit shit. How many bullets does it take to kill someone?
If you're a biology major, you might wish to transfer. You're clearly in an inferior department.
Nothing in biology makes sense except in the light of evolution. - Theodore Dobzhansky.
Reminds me of Ryan Leaf. There were similar rumblings about him before the draft. Whomever drafts Cook will be wasting their selection. If he's not matured by now, it won't happen.
Whenever I think of dark matter (as a non expert) I can't help but think on 'constitutive absences'. A vase is only a vase because it can be filled. It's emptiness is only possible not because of some characteristic of the emptiness itself, but because of the shape of the vase. Take away the vase, you take away the emptiness. Take away matter, do you still have dark matter?
It is exactly this that reinforces for me just how incredible the Patriots machine is.
The points I'm referring to are published estimates; the data contributing to them are unrecoverable, which is why I'm treating them as data.
Apparently I don't know what dark matter is, but I glean that physicists don't either.
Sure they do, but are you going to expend a 1st round choice in the hope it happens? Ryan Leaf and Johnny Manziel show the peril of that approach.
I don't understand the use of the word 'coincidence' here.
If they used eBird for this, they cannot know if birds head out over the Atlantic to make their way between NA and SA.
Habitat selection, foraging selection, and migration ecology are so commonly studied that they're often not even thought of in terms of ethology or traditional behavioral ecology.
