Tiger cubs.
&gt; I did jump the gun before I even started the design process and picked up some reefers at a hobby store that was closing out for ~$6 per car. I believe they would be used to ship beer, no? IIRC beer is shipped in insulated boxcars, if it's shipped by rail at all these days, as it doesn't need to be cooled just protected from extreme temperatures. I think produce and fruit would be more likely.
If the latter lasts more than 4 hours believe you need to see a doctor.
You will be working weekends and some weeknights. If you tell them you cant work weekends you won't get hired, if you request weekends off, they'll simply not schedule you. What you can most likely expect is to be scheduled 3 to 6 nights a week, including Friday and Saturday, for five or six hours each day. When they get slow they will send you home. If they're busy they may very well call you in on an off day. You will still have plenty of free-time but it will be at odd times and at times you can't schedule other activities. It's not particularly fair, but that's what you can expect. The donut shops may be the opposite with you scheduled for *very* early mornings instead of nights, but the rest wlll be the same.
Reactions may very. Only a jackass owner/manager would expect you to drive back, but those do exist and even a reasonable manager might pressure you to get there. You are allowed to say no, however many employers don't like workers who aren't available at a moment's notice and you might very well see your hours cut the next week or even left off the schedule entirely.
tl;dr The woman is the last scion of a once-powerful clan of street magicians. The flaming tire tried to assassinate her to lift a thousand-year curse placed by her great-great-great grandfather that prevents it from ever being put out.
The gods will not save what? OP I have to know, tell us!
Opinion.
Never a good sign.
Or a cat-snake.
No Cookie Monster Tully?
Really, the governor that's going to kill actually useful transit projects is now going to build a freaking Maglev?
&gt; how do you plan on securing your new nation? I wouldn't worry, the Balkans have a long history of safety, security, and mutual cooperation.
I'd be willing to bet Clinton has gotten more than one blowjob behind a tree. It seems like something he'd do.
Just like me. There's nothing like some freshly cracked traffic almonds.
So you're saying he's a politician?
Well, he already thinks you slept with her, might as well go for it at this point. Nothing to lose.
And cats.
Can confirm. My grandfather volunteered to die fighting the Nazi's for fundamentalist's rights to cover up incestuous child molestation.
Favorite scene in Dirty Dancing?
Why? You think I haven't seen my white redneck neighbors beating each other half-naked in the middle of the street at 3 AM?
A crowded outfield combined with a slump and I'd give it way better odds he ends up back in AAA than bounces back.
a) It tastes like eating shit and b) large, and even moderate, quantities will make you sick, it's why people spit while using chewing tobacco.
He's obviously (or at least feels he is) two wins better than a replacement level poster.
Technically I believe he was still cooking amateur quantities when he way paying his hospital bills and only turned to the industrial quantities once his hubris and greed started to get the better of him.
It's just Rob McElhenney in blackface.
Relax. We can all downvote him. Also, you for the smiley face.
&gt; brothers with the guy who invented Gold Fish. So not only are you admitting he's the brother God, but you don't believe the brother of the all-powerful creator of Heaven and Earth is capable of being all those things at once?
[MAJOR SPOILER, seriously do not look if you don't already know what happens in the novels] (/s "There's about a 99% chance he's going to kill Jon Snow, quite possibly next week")
I had a similar save problem and can't remember at the moment exactly how I fixed it, nor find the original solution I used. When trying to save I would press the button and it would appear to save at first, but after a second it would stop saving and nothing would appear in the list nor in the file system. Autosaves wouldn't save either. It was something to do with the game trying to save to Virtual Memory before saving to the hard drive, if I recall correctly. There was a setting I had to change somewhere, maybe via command prompt. I might have had to change the game settings to not compress the save files automatically too. I believe I found the solution somewhere in the Steam forums after searching unsuccessfully on Paradox's own forums, if you want to try to search around. The frequent crashes went mostly away too when I solved it, though being a Paradox game there are always some. I'll search around some more when I get a chance as I'm pretty sure it's the same problem. edit: [Here it is.] (http://steamcommunity.com/app/203770/discussions/0/34096318697220052/) Try and see if that helps.
The Medicine worked! No more cold for OP's mom! Praise God
You bet your god-damn ass he did! Also minorities, old people, jews, non-STEM majors, and the disabled.
Now if I just had 35 quintillion Zimbabwean dollars, I'd be a millionaire again.
Maybe something like Gregory Polanco last season. Don't assume he's going to be the savior of your season and definitely don't go wild with who you drop to pick him up, especially in a shallow league.
Speak for yourself.
Isn't this where we saw Brienne and Pod looking down at Moat Cailin?
IIRC, the novel was a follow-up to a comic, which also may have been a sequel to an Original Series crossover comic.
What''s the deal with female detectives on TV/Movies constantly wearing high heels on duty, is that really a thing?
Except fondant.
&gt;Olly'd FTFY
It was convenient that he apparently had the foresight to warg into a piece that already had traitor carved into it.
Where is this heaven? Unless it's Arizona, then I rescind the heaven part.
&gt;Do people really go to their doctor and ask for brand name medication, and have the doctor prescribe it? Yes, they do. &gt;Won't the pharmacy just give you the generic unless the doctor writes that the name brand is required? Generics don't exist for new medicines or reformulated old ones. &gt;Do doctors actually just do this? Yes. You've more than llikely been in a doctor's office when a person in business attire walks in and goes up to the counter. They're carrying a small rolling suitcase usually and a fancy tablet. The staff knows their name. They're a drug rep. Basically they exist to 'educate' doctors on the benefits and why they should prescribe thier repped medicines. They give out the branded office merchandise (pens, paper, etc) you probably have a few of lying around your house and often buy the staff and doctors lunch. Sometimes there are even sponsorships to conferences, that are nearly free vacations. Some doctors are truly unswayed, some listen for the free samples of the medicine they can give out to patients who are otherwise unable to afford said medicine, others don't care and will do anything for a free lunch. Often the medicine does work or there is no better alternative, so it makes sense to prescribe it. &gt;Do they only put the ads up in the time frame before a generic version is available? Not necessarily. There are people who genuinely only believe in name-brands. Also people who have no idea a generic exists. The doctor also has an option of telling the pharmacy not to dispense a generic. Sometimes the formulation of the generic can make people sick (or think it makes them sick) - though this also works the opposite way and people think it's the brand-name giving them side effects. There can also be multiple makers distributing generics and asking for the brand name will always give you a uniform pill type. You also still see ads for Motrin, Aleve, Tylenol, Claritan, and many others despite the fact you can walk into Wal-mart and buy twice as many generic pills for half-the price, there is value in a name.
Not even a rumor. Pure speculation.
It's Ruben Amaro Jr., so both of them plus two or three other top 10 prospects. This is never, ever going to happen.
-justastronautthings
What if I told you that's irrelevant to the IMF's plan.
Quite a few story lines are. Brienne and Pod. Tyrion and Jorah. Dorne kind of happens but with mostly different characters, Jamie is elsewhere.
And minorities. Everyone hates dirty, welfare using minorities too lazy to use their own bootstraps.
They're not the pure incarnation of evil.
Serious.
Judging by the rest of his outfit, probably the $5.99 special ones from Wal-mart.
How the hell do you have time for anything while working in a restaurant?
Amen! The dreams of the 90s doesn't have to only live in Portland, we have the power to bring the good ones back forever. Vote Bush 2016!
A Rottweiler doesn't seem like the type you'd want to pair with a big cat though.
Or he operates a dinosaur park that regularly goes haywire (though I suppose that's all of them - judging by the movies).
Yes, it's called Google Chrome.
The Examiner is shit. I've said it before but it's only for people who want a right-wing DC based news source but feel the Washington Times is too sympathetic to communists and baby-murderers. The story may be true, the source is junk.
And you went with Firefly Monopoly, of all things? Firefly: The Game is actually pretty decent. It even replicates the feel of the show.
Well he was from the desert, so I'd assume he'd probably have a US Army armored humvee with a .50 caliber machine gun mounted on the back.
Was he ordering pizza or chinese?
Only if you only prosecute false rape accusations and female-on-male domestic violence. Otherwise you won't be welcome on all the best subreddits.
I've heard they don't even need those suits. Apparently their planet is quite lovely.
Why not both?
Michael Bay would be proud.
As a trained forensic fotologist I can confirm, it's the original. I can detect no fotoshooped traces of any kind.
No, the goal was to be inexpensive, so they used a public domain piece. In fact all the music in the early seasons was public domain.
Central Time? What is this Soviet Russia?
TIL dogs can eat slow. I've only ever had Golden Retrievers.
Eh...I'm not worried yet. There's still the mentally ill, Hispanics, Middle Easterners, Indians, Native Americans, East Asians, the disabled, non-evangelical Christians, the poor, and all women to go before they get to me.
Haha...how can they be so stupid. I mean 59% really don't believe that? Come on people!
It's pretty self-explanatory, but trains are substantially more fuel efficient than trucks. If you add several hundred trucks to the roads in place of a single train you're increasing congestion, emissions, demand for oil, and tax payer cost for road maintenance for the damage those additional hundreds of mllions of trucks a year will do.
&gt; Standardization was mandated by law in the North This isn't correct. There were quite a few broad gauge railroads in the North, especially the 6-foot Erie-Atlantic &amp; Great Eastern system (stretching from the Hudson to Chicago) and several other connecting railroads. They converted to standard gauge in 1880, of their own volition, for ease of interchanging with other railroads. There were also a boat-load of narrow-guage railroads built even into the early 1900s. The Southern railroads with assorted odd-gauges were also mostly converted in the early 1880s, not during the Civil War. The reality is standard gauge won in the USA because the first railroads were mostly built to that gauge because they needed to import locomotives from Britain. It worked out fortuitously that 4' 8.5" was an acceptable alternative between the cheap-to-build, small right-of-way narrow gauges and the smooth riding, large loadings of broad gauges, so there was never any reason to change it and eventually all the secondary systems that used odd gauges were forced, by economic necessity, to convert.
Maybe if I'd recently suffered massive head trauma.
&gt; For all you know, he maybe not even be in Canada. So you're saying it worked out well for him after all.
God-damn commies! Does anyone really want to live in a world where you can't get a dirt cheap flavored sugar-water?
Dizzy Dean.
&gt; off-putting. I think you meant classy there, but I'll give you the benefit of the doubt and assume English isn't your first language.
Sure. I'm not picky.
Remember that day we went hunting for little green ghouls and found three?
The mountains are odd, though not necessarily incorrect if you're envisioning the whole are between them being mountainous as well. You seem to have tried to put a mountain range at the end of every watershed, giving your mountains a chaotic look, but watersheds often end at hills or even on the flat plains. You can easily get away with eliminating a few to clean things up. Mountains tend to occur in long chains, due to how they're formed, so I'd recommend trying to align the rest in a series of top-to-bottom (or left-to-right lines, rather than having them run jagged every which way.
Bear is a Cylon, confirmed.
Well if you want to get racist about it I'm sure there's a bunch of fatherless minority jokes.
But how will people know how outraged I am at reddit for banning mah free speech if I don't return and tell everyone?
2000% looks good on a label. It's how the ill-informed know it's powerful stuff loaded with energy.
/u/funny_ss with an on-topic post too asking the tough questions.
Say it ain't joe.
NIMBYs will kill elevated rail in about 5 seconds, look at all the problems they've had in Canton with just street level and a short elevated section. They're insanely loud and sometimes rattle nearby windows and rooms, provide a dark, scary place for an unwanted element to congregate under, and are an eyesore that can often be seen for several blocks.
It appears the Dodgers just told the Future's Game to go fuck itself, I'm not reading anything into it.
&gt;Christian Muslim Atheist
Wade Boggs is not dead, how many times do we have to go over this?
Try 1944, the footage is only *scheduled* to be released next year.
Glitter lung is real, people. Don't ignore the symptoms even if it's all on the ground.
It's having a hard enough time standing on a slight slope, I don't think it's ready for trees yet.
One could even say granny is gushing.
Where is /u/unidan_SS when we need him?
"There are no shows like Game of Thrones. Only Game of Thrones." If you're really desperate for more Game of Thrones, I'd highly urge you to read the novels or if you can find them the [series of Novellas] (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tales_of_Dunk_and_Egg) set in the same world. They're long but aren't a hard read. the Novellas are an even easier read. They're been a few other shows in the fantasy genre airing recently. Outlander is pretty good and just finished a first season, Jonathan Strange and Mr Norrell, while I haven't watched yet, is supposed to be decent and also finishing up. Both are Guns and Sorcery rather than Sword and Sorcery. They've been a ton of series and miniseries based on King Arthur/Camelot/Merlin over the years. Legend of the Seeker was based on a high fantasy series that was pretty popular before it's author decided to turn it into an Ayn Rand circlejerk. I haven't seen it and can't vouch for it's quality, especially since it was a small budget syndicated thing. Pillars of the Earth and it's sequel, World Without End were both adapted as miniseries. Neither are fantasy, instead being historical dramas, though they're likely the closest you'll actually get to replicating the feel of Game of Thrones. Both are decent, though reading the books are better. Other historical fiction shows you might like (or might not - they tend to be heavy on the love and romance angles) include The Tudors, The White Queen from the BBC, and Reign (though again I haven't seen it and can't vouch for its quality).
Does being on the Polish side in WW2 really count as fighting? (A joke - yes, I know the Poles actually fought quite a bit, both at home and abroad, after being overrun by Germany).
Oh fuck, the Brain Slugs are here and they don't look like slugs at all. Heaven save us.
He's more or less in line with what he's done each of the past three years. He's just streaky, hopefully today was the start of another hot stretch. His equivalent pitcher is probably someone ranked in the 25-30 range, but Seager is pretty unexciting and plays a rather deep position so I doubt he'll ever actually return that much.
