Because it increases the usefulness of bitcoin and therefore its value.
&gt; into either the 1mb chain or 20mb chain or both
&gt; I want to design for the worst case Are you? Are you designing? Are you working on bitcoin? Do you contribute experimental or simulation data to the mailing list? Are you sending pull requests?
It was an honest question and I haven't talked to you before, so I don't understand the hostility. I specifically quoted this part of your sentence: "I want to design for the worst case" and asked my question regarding that. And the reason I ask this question is that you make it sound like you're one of the core-devs with all and absolute answers to any problem in the bitcoin space. But personally I don't see you anywhere other than on this sub reddit, unless you use different names there. Hence my question. One of the complaints Rusty Russel had when entering the Bitcoin space was that there is so much freaking noice and it's nigh impossible to distinguish self proclaimed arm-chair experts (if not flat out trolls) from the few truly knowledgeable people.
And c is the portion of full nodes run by people over 18. And d are the trolls on Reddit. O(abcdn^4)
Unfortunately that's what the sheep following him think. In the meantime he's just a huge distraction wasting valuable developers' time.
You've been explained exactly that a million times, but you chose not to listen. Your loss.
Lies. Doubling is already in progress.
If you read this as "quit whining", the whole freaking post is one huge whine. Definitely not honest or less despicable. Well, I guess it still could be if we never heard from him again...
He's talking about the "scaling problem", not about scaling. And that's the whole problem why people don't understand and why they're judging things only by superficial promises of endless rainbows. If you blow more air into a party balloon you are scaling. But you're not changing the scalability. The "scaling problem" refers to the fact that it's going to pop at some point! To improve scalability you need to improve the quality of the balloon. Thicker skin, better material, etc. THEN you can start inflating again.
Yes LN can run on Bitcoin as it is now. Maybe if you would have invested 1 hour of your time to listen to for example the initial announcement presentation video of LN instead of wasting your time listening to trolls, then you would have known not to parrot lies and FUD.
Actually no. He's a valued member of this community and a voice of reason. I can't believe people can remain that calm in the face of disgusting trolls. You on the other hand...
You can leave that to PeterR... UNLIMITED!!!!11 He's already scientifically proven that no limit is necessary. Well maybe not peer reviewed... well... ignoring the peers that had any comments... well... maybe not at all... but still ! UNLIMITEDd !!!1!
Lies. FUD and ignorant parrotting.
That's because it's much more efficient with malleability fixed. But it can be done without.
Lies. It's so amazing how you trolls come up with your lies. From the very first announcement of sidechains it was said they're not for scaling. But don't listen to me. Don't check it for yourself. Ignore it and repeat the same FUD tomorrow like a proper troll.
Sure then don't educate yourself. Your loss. Poor people reading and believing your bs though.
The word scalability appears twice in the document, both not in the context of scaling Bitcoin with sidechains.
Smart people already have. They're bogus as well as the writer. You don't need an academic background to recognise the butthurt 3 year-old tactics.
Then how come any post by R screams butthurt ego?
That's what underway means. Shit takes time you know.
&gt; You could (implement LN without a TM fix), There you go. You educated yourself. Congratulations! Cookie for little horsie.
The general code exists for 6 months. It's being adapted and fine tuned and debugged. Bitcoin is a million times harder than normal software and you can be sure that even Microsoft takes their time with updates, so it shouldn't be surprising that it takes some time. Besides that huge amounts of time is being wasted debating trolls that spread misinformation and lies and thereby confusing everyone.
That whole site means absolutely nothing if actual developers and others that know what they are taking about don't join (and that means Core, Blockstream and some others). And tbh I'd seriously doubt they'd let themselves be lured into another sesspool of a miss america competition.
The whining is large in this one.
Well good luck. In the meantime i hope you can put your coding skills to good use. Try not to make yourself an outcast.
Vile person
That makes no sense whatsoever. A whole network of people running different settings is going to drown me out? Meaning i can do a double spend for every single permutation of settings that exist in the network. And that network is then after N blocks going to come to a magic consensus on which one of my double spends was the valid one. Like I said: not only is 0 conf killed by BU, N conf is killed too.
You people are vile and disgusting. Displaying an obvious and complete lack of understanding of even the basics of LN or Bitcoin, yet coming here badmouthing, misquoting, lieing, and parrotting FUD not just about the technology but even about the experts that actually know what they're taking about and are doing the actual hard work. All in the open, as open source and for free, might I add. If you think you can do better than go do it instead of wasting everyone's time with your childish misquotes.
You just displayed a glaring misunderstanding of the difference between Bitcoin choosing the longest chain and BU hopping between differently configured chains when one is N longer than others (or whatever magic they think they can make up). And by even bringing up reorgs you are implying that BU has magic that prevents reorgs there? Yeah thought not. Reorgs are going to be more frequent and longer in BU. So to get the same security of 6 confs in Bitcoin you'd need a lot more than 6 on BU. Which also means that BU is going to be wasting a lot of hashing power and create a lot of orphans (blocks and chains) and therefore the combined network security will be significantly lower than what Bitcoin achieves. Oh yeah and to come back to doublespending: all of those orphaned blocks can contain a different double spend, so your 5 conf transaction can now trivially be double spent. Nice. You can bet your ass I will be double spending my fake coins like crazy is BU ever launches and hasn't died yet by the time I wake up the next morning.
You just displayed a glaring misunderstanding of the difference between Bitcoin choosing the longest chain and BU hopping between differently configured chains when one is N longer than others (or whatever magic they think they can make up). And by even bringing up reorgs you are implying that BU has magic that prevents reorgs there? Yeah thought not. Reorgs are going to be more frequent and longer in BU. So to get the same security of 6 confs in Bitcoin you'd need a lot more than 6 on BU. Which also means that BU is going to be wasting a lot of hashing power and create a lot of orphans (blocks and chains) and therefore the combined network security will be significantly lower than what Bitcoin achieves. Oh yeah and to come back to doublespending: all of those orphaned blocks can contain a different double spend, so your 5 conf transaction can now trivially be double spent. Nice. You can bet your ass I will be double spending my fake coins like crazy is BU ever launches and hasn't died yet by the time I wake up the next morning.
&gt; For people using money on their mobile phones, running a node isn't something they are going to want to do. Which is why we need fraud proofs, so we can give light wallets at least a bit more security and we can have medium nodes in between full nodes and light nodes. For fraud proofs we need SegWit, which also doubles the blocksize. So no drama necessary.
And what have you got to show for yourself, claiming to be such an expert? Why would anyone trust a random blabbering FUD troll whose every word proves he has no clue whatsoever, over multiple independant experts with some 20 or 30+ years experience in Open Source and cryptocurrency space? If you're too stupid to understand what they're saying, maybe you should have the decency to STFU instead of making up FUD and accuse them of all kinds of ridiculous conspiracy BS. K.I.S.S. my ass. I dare you to make one coherent post that shows you have a single clue about even the basics of what's going on.
Published on Dec 10, 2014 What's your point?
&gt; Sounds more like an attack on bitcoin especially if it is coming from Core. Congratulations a new universe has just been discovered where your logic actually makes sense. Please board the one way express asap.
Because the large miners don't care about the global orphan rate, they win most races anyway. You've just found another angle to look at the same centralisation problem.
No it's proof that the centralisation problem is real: large miners win most orphan races so of course they don't care about them.
You're ignoring huge efforts by core devs that made big improvements as well as the fact that the whole network is currently dependant on a centralized solution by the name of Matt's Relay Network, without which Bitcoin would have been dead right now.
Fractured. Which is good and was bound to happen. People that invent their own logic will never be in consensus for long.
Thank you Core for your hard work and professionalism! Awesome job so far and excited for the many upcoming features and improvements!
You can create BIPS and discuss those all you want. Any other method is just hijacking and abusing the platforms built through the hard work of others to promote your own dishonest crap, while being poisonous to the real project.
Exactly.
Because that alt shit is set on destroying Bitcoin as a whole. Why poison yourself with it?
I wonder how you dare to make such absolute statements while clearly not actually knowing the facts. (See Adam Back reply.) Are you one of those people that just throw some buzzwords around and build your own reality on that? Quantum Computer! Or are you just one of those people that likes to make up FUD made to sound valid because of some buzzwords and intent on derailing honest discussions? There's certainly plenty of those people around. Either way if you would have been honest you would have posed your point as a question to experts instead of such an absolute statement 10x around the thread.
Do you have data to show why 16 or 32 are somehow optimal? Then why bikeshedding? When you pull numbers out of your ass any is as good as any other. Now Core actually has data to show that 1MB is currently at the edge of what's possible. Many optimisations and improvement (i.e. hard work) need to be done to allow a safe increase in block size limit. Luckily they have set out a roadmap and ARE working hard on doing exactly that. SW is a part of that and a big enabler for future improvements AND it doubles the effective size. A simple hard fork for size increase will probably happen later. Literally no one wants 1MB forever, that's just a troll srrawman.
FUD. 2 MB is already in progress. Have you seen the roadmap?
FUD and lies. Go troll somewhere else.
Yup sound like him for sure. He did that before.
Aaaaand paartyyy!
Nonsense. In a few months. Grow up and educate yourself instead of insulting educated people.
SW is ~doubling + shitload more actual improvements.
The ONE thing I was so afraid of getting into Bitcoin: an open source project with money at stake, that's going to amplify the normal open source project infighting and bikeshedding. But I didn't expect it this soon and I didn't really realise it was this bad until quite late.
You should see the loads of white space optimisations they've already committed to their github fork. Very impressive. Love your show guys. Just finished catching up to all old episodes. Great breath of fresh air that gives me hope that not the whole community is stupid.
Oktober 2015
Just to add: Sometimes referred to as BIP248 but definitely not official. Makes a lot of sense to introduce a BIP when the time is right and consensus has a decent chance instead of pointless bikeshedding and pretending BIPs are political pamphlets that we see now.
Finally a good episode again. He didn't go into fraud proofs although he promised. SW opens up the path to a dozen new features that can be worked on in parallel and then "voted" on through soft forks with versionbits.
A lot more than a few 100.
He's often wrong on details, true. He admits that too. At least this time he understood the gist and conveyed it well.
Haha amazing. Never realised that. So ethereum really doesn't have anything at all on bitcoin. Not even the claim to the irrelevant sales pitch "first turing complete". Cool.
How can be people be so stupid to keep putting their money in webwallets and exchanges? I couldn't care less about your loss, but you dumbfucks are hurting the entire bitcoin ecosystem as large numbers of bitcoins come into the hands of crminals which (best case) dump them lowering the price.
The Other XT .... Hmmm
True heroism confirmed by plenty proof of work. As opposed to 0 conf armchair trolls. Eternal respect! (And to Greg and many others!)
His tool is probably older than coinbin (whatever it is, i didn't check), in fact coinbin probably uses his tool. Just look at the trollery against RBF recently to see how people still can't get it into their heads that 0 conf is unsafe. Or even half of the replies to that twitter thing. True innovation is being stifled by ignorance. We need more if these demonstrations.
You should pay a little more attention, his tool is multiple years old and he's been taking about it all over the place for at least as long. 90+% success rate years ago. I guess it gets buried in the RBF and other 0conf related trollery.
Actually LN will allow you to do 0conf with 100% security. You might want to invest in that technology to try to speed up it's development. I can hook you up with a dev that's currently working on it part time but would be willing to do it full time.
You're failing by showing ignorance. Try it.
If only you would drop your RBF FUD and ignorance. This whole thing has nothing to do with RBF. The tool he used (and created) has existed for years. Oh now i see you need to mention RBF to validate your conspiracy theory. Pathetic.
It doesn't. And you don't. 90+% success rate and probably higher in this situation, although coinbase might learn from this.
As far as i know ATMs require at least one confirmation. At least the ones I've seen so far.
&gt; The purpose of the blockchain is to prevent double-spending. Coinbase wasn't using the blockchain, that's the whole point. Rest of your post is ignorant and unrelated FUD. This had nothing to do with RBF.
No you don't. This tool has existed for years and had 90+% success rate. RBF actually adds an extra warning to the receiver but otherwise doesn't change the likelihood of success.
Sure twist it into a conspiracy. Lamest in the book. 1) Double spending has been THE problem for digital currencies for 40+ years. 2) Blockchain solves that. 3) You don't use the blockchain (i.e. 0 conf -&gt; no blocks -&gt; no blockchain) then it's not solved for you. Parlez vous kindergarten logic?
Of course it's not 100%, noone ever claimed that. It almost can't be if the receiver is not completely stupid and you don't have all the miners in your pocket. But 100% is not really the goal here and even 1% is be profitable. Anyway, seems Peter is going to help you troubleshoot.
Lie and FUD. This has nothing to do with RBF. The tools were made and published and working almost 2 years ago and others have done similar things. And it works _without_ using RBF whatsoever.
I'm not sure what is scarier. Mining centralization or this ownership centralization. Exchanges are a lot easier for governments to confiscate. 10 fold MtGox waiting to happen and the worst part is that it affects the whole of Bitcoin if those coins get dumped (aside from the negative press).
Dude seriously. Why do you have time to parrot FUD around and insult hard working smart developers, but you yourself don't know the first thing? Stop posting anything and educate yourself! FCOL Payment channels are 2 / 3 years old, if not more. They're implemented. They're in use. They're gonna be even better and simpler with SW and CLTV.
Satoshi whitepaper, first paragraph: &gt; We propose a solution to the double-spending problem The blockchain + PoW was invented to solve the double spending problem (in a decentralized way). Which is THE biggest problem all predecessors faced.
https://streamium.io/ and it's been implemented in bitcoinj (the underlying library a lot mobile wallets use) for a while now.
I agree mining centralization is scarier, I was just comparing the two to indicate that this is also very bad. The problem is that other people (apparently) store millions of coins in centralized places and if those coins get stolen (a la MtGox or by governments) and get dumped then you can bet the price will tank for at least a while.
I have no idea what exchanges are holding but the OP says several million bitcoins in total I don't know very many large exchanges so several million divided by 5? Is still a shitload of coins in the same order of magnitude as MtGox, if not larger. Any of them can still do an exit scam, get hacked or get raided. I don't see what's so unlikely tbh.
Armchair trolls do neither, so still infinitely better.
Exactly, all the RBF FUD is trying to accomplish is block proper innovation and progress.
Nah, we're just shedding our fur. It was infested with fleas and leeches.
Why copy/paste a troll that was already debunked right there?
This exact tool is ~6 months, but the older replace-by-fee-tools were used to do a similar demonstrations. https://github.com/petertodd/replace-by-fee-tools
Finally some sense in this thread, after so much scrolling. +1
I am not (and I don't think anyone actually is) claiming 0conf should never be used. Of course anyone can decide that for themselves and there are a lot of measures people can take to defend themselves and lower the risks. Both with bitcoin as well as the physical world (cameras, face to face, Insure against the risk, etc.). One problem is that people think it's safe. Safer than it actually is. Low awareness is bad. It leads to things like mtgox, address reuse, miner centralisation and other bad things. Bitcoin must be robust for it to have value and that robustness must not depend on people dozing to sleep thinking everything is fine. And it can not rely on chargebacks either. Another more immediate problem is that preserving an accidental minor feature ("0conf is not impossible") can make people think that 0conf is one of the design goals. That causes roadblocks for actual innovations that do make Bitcoin more robust. Like RBF. And in this case it's even worse: RBF doesn't change the safety of 0conf at all and still people are throwing up roadblocks. Anyway the good news is that LN will enable 100% safe instant payments, so the future is bright. I agree with your comment on credit cards. It still seems insane to me that it would ever become popular but then again i sat that about facebook and twitter too.
No, when it fails you get to keep your cup of coffee so you lose nothing. &gt; Since it's an exchange, I suppose you can withdraw and then purchase from them again There you go. &gt; but you would be losing fees on each transaction which should make 1% unprofitable. Bleh. It's 90+% in reality anyway, so 1% was just an extreme example that may not be applicable in all cases for out of context reasons.
Why not do it yourself?
Of course. And that's the reason why 0conf will still be fine in a lot of cases as long as people remember and deal with the risk. And that's why it's good that people remind them every now and then with a small amount of money and some publicity.
And what decade do you think to have even one of these features finished, in this one man charade? Also noting that none of these features are novel and have been in the works for sometimes years in core. There are reasons this shit is difficult. Why are you giving these trolls any excuse to think they stand a chance with all this poisonous nonsense? You really think they will support you with anything other than armchair demands for the impossible? And that they will support you longer than your first slip up or first slightly contentious decision?
What magic happened in 1996 that any currency attempt before that failed to see?
Those people are idiots because it's "The longest VALID chain always wins." Where longest is defined as having the most total work behind it. And by definition a hard fork changes the definition of "valid". Maybe he should stick to his failed altcoin. Here's an idea, why not move Ethereum from PoW to PoSS? https://twitter.com/el33th4xor/status/686930653556944900 "Proof of Social Shaming"
I'll start believing the XT/Unlimited/Classic and other failed altcoin devs, the moment one word of sense comes out of them.
And for completeness Vitaliks reply: https://twitter.com/VitalikButerin/status/687050844928348161
So the classic website is already lying right off the bat: "It is a one-feature patch to bitcoin-core that increases the blocksize limit to 2 MB.". All kinds of nonsense will be included as well fit political reasons, yet without letting the ignorant sheep (your demographic) know what they are actually choosing. Just shoving your own dishonesty under your own nose.
&gt; We need a solution. is not a reason to do braindead stupid shit!
https://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/DigiCash And that's not the first.
Don't you think we've drifted far enough from the context and the original point. I said something like 40 years (can't even bother to look up the exact details), by which I meant "multiple decades", not literally 4 years to the day. And then... I have no idea how we got here and I don't really care either.
You can add: The website says: "It is a one-feature patch to bitcoin-core that increases the blocksize limit to 2 MB.". But even if that were possible (I don't think they're stupid enough to only change one constant, maybe they are) there is already plenty of talk of piling up all kinds of other stuff. For example removing RBF: https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/40lo56/bitcoin_classic_we_are_hard_forking_bitcoin_to_a/cywfk6g
