Engineers also accounts for people running in vehicles a lot, so you might see similar numbers for medics and engineers.
I've heard the new keyboards have an excellent keybed, although they're a bit feature-lacking for keyboards that expensive. That being said, if you want Komplete, and you want a keyboard, you might as well buy them.
ah, whoops.
Think of it this way- future you, under the genjutsu, wouldn't feel sad that they don't have any pain. Sure, you wouldn't be happy during the process of being forced into the genjutsu, but in the long term you'd be much happier. Given that Madara knows this, and given that you're still the same person under the genjutsu (whether by the pattern or continuity theory of conciousness, or because you're in the narutoverse and absolutely guaranteed to have a soul) it would be the most ethical (at least from a utalitarian persective) thing for Madara to do, regardless of what you currently want. Plus, a sufficiently good simulation is indistinguishable from reality, and we don't get any indication that the people under the IT realize they're dreaming. Any lotus eating machine worth its salt would make sure to include just enough problems in the dream to make you feel like you're still struggling and doing something meaningful, but not so many that your overall enjoyment is decreased. And the IT is certainly worth its salt, as countless ninja, experienced at spotting through illusions, don't realize something is wrong. Scary thought for the day: what if the IT succeeded, but in their dreams people saw themselves beating it, because that's what made them happiest?
\&gt;intertwined \&gt;battle for all eternity Dunno, man. Sounds kind of hot ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
More Uchiha dickery, but that happens every chapter so it doesn't really need to be said.
...And promptly move onto the second biggest problem: the big crunch. Oh well, you win some, you lose dome :P
No, the 1.71 figure is the square root of 3 divided by two, like how 2 is the square root of 4 divided by two. Screens are in two dimensions, which is why this happens
/r/niceguys edit: this is, in fact, a troll. A good one, but a troll nonetheless.
I'd say the majority of the planet, easily, believes he existed. His divinity is in question, but muslims, christians, jews, hindu, even many atheists believed he existed. That definitely accounts for, at least (by my estimate) 2.5 billion, and likely more.
This is where it's at, man. Memorizing key signatures was way too much of a pain in comparison.
Eh, it's a bit hard to say. If they're positively massive, maybe, but it's rather difficult to kill someone with your bare hands. I'm also a fairly tall dude, so I don't get intimidated by tall people (even when they're taller than me.)
still neckbeardly, but not nearly as much as believing it's his waifu.
Not like a prank, but like one of those series of pictures where people take an object on a trip with them then take pictures of them with that object. The joke would be that he brought something as ridiculous as a cardboard cutout of a waifu. (That is, assuming he doesn't actually think it's his waifu. HE very well might-- I just don't know without being provided more context than a reddit title.)
Itachi-senpai-kun would like to disagree with you.
Yeah, that's bullshit. Except for create outfit to thirty, that can stay. I get the impression that people who join the game then make an outfit just for their friends don't stay long anyways.
I actually run both pretty well on my new computer, and passably on my old computer (i5 4430, intel HD graphics), but forgelight has had serious issues scaling up to large fights and with server performance. The multi threading update has significantly improved performance, though.
I know the problems this system has, but I feel that the potential for new player retention could rise significantly if implemented correctly. For the first group, if they make their own outfit it's just the blind leading the blind, and they leave, overwhelmed. For the second group, unlocks like this have been going on for ages on much more popular games (read: COD), so I don't think it'll negatively impact recruitment of new players. For the third group, it's all bad, yeah. That being said, if you're in an outfit and making alts, you're already pretty likely to stay with the game, the ultimate purpose of the update.
&gt;As it is still wishlist, a lot could change including full takebacks. Yeah, as I see it, that's my primary concern. I like the general idea, but I think items need to be shuffled around so players are immediately funneled into being useful to their team (medic, engi, MAX standard, for example) with more niche things coming in later (like infiltrator) but everything unlocking by BR 15. Except for outfit creation, that can stay at BR 30.
Yeah, it might be a good idea if they were to make it account-wide.
Ahh, makes sense.
&gt;Asari_Lover You don't get a say, you filthy alien loving heretic. I bet you keep illicit vanu pornography in your bunk, too! Report to your nearest commissar, for immediate application of BLAM.
&gt;I would have never continued playing this game if Infiltrator didn't exist. Mained it from BR1 to BR100. That hardly contradicts what I said. It's a niche interest- sure, some people might be infiltrator fanatics, but the vast majority won't be. I'm a dedicated airsperg, and I still put ESF to BR 15. And it's really not arbitrary- in the thread I made for this, support classes and vehicles are given first, then infantry in increasing order of difficulty, then vehicles in increasing order of difficulty. &gt;Do you think that new players will have a lot of fun by holding a repair/healing gun up to players and holding LMB? Do you think that will excite them enough that they'll want to stay? Do you think they'll have fun constantly dying and never feeling like they're doing something useful? Anyways, the support classes give the highest XP for new players, and the medic in particular has a decent combat ability. They'll be able to unlock the other classes faster with the support clases than if they were given the other classes and had to kill themselves up to the support classes. &gt;The "New Player Experience" should be based around making the game fun for new players, not for turning new players into the support slaves for the game's BR100s. The new player experience should be based around making sure new player stick with the game. Fun is secondary, because they can always have fun after the new player experience finishes.
&gt;Collosal direct damage to kill vehicles false. These were nerfed to the point where a full volley into a tank's back armor will only put it to burning. Harassers and flashes will just dodge them, and sundies take way too much ammo to be even close to being worth it. I mainly use them to fight liberators and galaxies, actually, where they actually make a difference. &gt;(really, how they fit?!) if I recall correctly, the P-39 Aircobra (a WW2 plane) fit 6 M8 rockets (114 mm). That doesn't sound like a lot, until you realize a single one would obliterate a heavy tank. Really, if this game was anywhere near realistic all vehicle weapons would be reverted to launch state. &gt;Hornets are even worse - enormous range, laser guidance Range is capped at (IIRC) 300m. They disappear afterwards. And against infantry, render range usually works out to less than 300m anyways. &gt;great splash to farm infantry not really, I find myself killing 1-2 infantry in a single well-aimed volley, which isn't that much considering that infantry tend to run into buildings and avoid my wrath. And that's despite having considerable experience with them- I have roughly 500 kills (Although a great deal of those are on aircraft/ground vehicles.) &gt;to 1-2 volleys, because it is still enough to kill a vehicle patently false, unless your vehicle is a flash, harasser, ESF or valkyrie (and I'm not so sure about harasser). This is assuming 100% accuracy by the way. Considering that vehicles and infantry are more than capable of dodging, A2G missiles are in no way needing a nerf. &gt;well, A2A missiles can't now I find A2A tomcats extremely effective, to the point where I'm a credible threat to AA nosegun/ AB tank ESF's (pure air) using banshee/a2am (mixed air and ground.) And that's despite being, all told, not that great a dogfighter. My only auraxium is the aforementioned banshee. Coyotes finally have a counter, but that only applies to a very small segment of pilots anyways (max stealth.) &gt;nanorepair it used to be overpowered, but it can no longer be used in fights. And really, unless I'm playing bail assault I'd rather use stealth. &gt;This will make aircrafts not farming combiners, but actual tactical tools, which should be used only when neccessary - to destroy AMS or protect it from sniping tank. And when tactical task is completed aircraft will have to return for resupply. Not farm constantly. This will do nothing of the sort, because ESF's already incapable of destroying sunderers (sunderer garages protected from aircraft), and except in small fights are unable to kill tanks. Nerfing aircraft won't somehow make them "more tactical." A rebalance, where some stats are buffed and some nerfed might, but you're just sh*tting on ESF's across the board. &gt;P.S. tl;dr you play exclusively infantryside and don't want anything that lets vehicles actually affect the meta of capturing bases.
Since it clearly bypasses the timer placing cooldown, a game mechanic specifically included for balance.
Because tomcat users are a plague? I mean. I used tomcats because I had bought them long ago in my new pilot days, and if I was using banshee I was already being incredibly scummy, so tomcats wouldn't make a difference. I knew full well how unfun they are to fight.
Bwuh?
What does its TTK against ESF's look like?
Scythe PPA/AH will definitely get nerfed. Not because they're OP, but because Banshee is UP, and infantry players will never agree to a change that buffs it.
That's what I thought about the banshee. It was literally unchanged since launch. What I think will happen is that the AH will be nerfed first, for its power against aircraft, and then, with the PPA being clearly better than both at infantry killing, it'll get cut down to size.
Several PC games have been neutered because they were ported to a console. I personally watched the massive bugs and delays caused by optimizing planetside 2 to the ps4. PC players have good reasons for not wanting games ported too consoles.
Consoles nost definitely caused inssues in planetside, especially when theymerged the codebases.
No, because the OC version is inevitably given more horsepower to run it, so it doesn't need to hold the console version back. Imagine if they tried to also make every console game a mobile game.
Like you're any better for using Ad hominems without hearing the whole story.
Just fyi, the real reason they were banned was because a female player of planetside, after posting a picture of her planetside-centric skirt, was mocked for having big hands, and driven out of the subreddit. The person who posted that meme participated, and definitely deserved the ban. The 500 word essay thing is ridiculous, but I wouldn't have wanted him/her on the subreddit anyways.
You think that excuses being a douchebag? He was harassing a member of the community, and regardless of how effective he was, I wouldn't want him posting in /r/planetside
I ship sarada x bluehair dude. Not for any good reason, just because.
Ninja are dicks in general. If pardoning oruchimaru gets hum working for the greater good, they wont think twice.
Danzo was a dick, so killing him pretty much immediately redeems sasuke.
I thunk ninja in general have a much higher threshold for considering someone a monster, considering all the sh*tty stuff they do. Oruchimaru still qualifies, but since he's the leader of his own country, they'd be more likely to forgive his crimes if it kept the peace.
If literally the only thing you do is capture points, you're still more valuable than every other unit in the game, because the entire point of the game is to capture bases.
Wait a second. Zabuza is around kakashi's age, and grew up with yagura. How, then, could yagura get isobu after rin?
Desert Storm. It's easy to win when you can dispense freedom via tomahawk missille
IIRC, the chidori pushes you forward even faster, due to it's chakra nature. Fun fact- the rasenshruiken moves around mach 10, as some people calculated during the pein fight.
If he wanted to get noticed for teamkilling, he probably shouldn't have chosen nc
Odds to evens they use planetside 2's model and only bother rendering so many of the players in a system. For example, in a 50 person instance, you'll only be getting information on the nearest 30 or so.
Spawnroom warriors don't really affect me when I play infantry, but as a pilot I get nailed by a whole lot of flakmaxes/G2A heavies from spawnrooms, even if I'm playing AA/AV and minding my own business.
My problem isn't getting some ancillary damage- that's inevitable. My problem is that, as an aircraft, I have no way to make them stop besides getting completely out of the hex. As an infantryman, I could at least try to cap the base, forcing them out.
Yeah, I don't tank a whole lot, but don't exactly enjoy being near spawnrooms when this happens.
Yeah, I understand the problem, but the way it ends up being is that either there are enough people trying to destroy me to fend me off, or there aren't. Spawnroom heroes lower my enjoyment of the game (which may, admittedly, make them a better deterrent) but they're not significantly more likely to make me leave than the same number of players doing the same thing outside the spawnroom. Additionally, whenever I see a fight with more than one ESF successfully camping spawn, it's generally a fight where the side with the ESFs heavily outpop the defenders, so they could spawncamp the defenders regardless. I'm not going to say that vehicles (ESFs included) camping spawnrooms isn't a problem, but letting people fight from the spawnroom isn't really a workable solution.
In effect, it actually sounds pretty similar.
As I see it, for aircraft, the problem isn't so much any particular part of them, like dps as you said, but rather how frustrating they are to fight. As a pilot, I know exactly how hard it is to upkeep an ESF and actually make it useful. As an infantryman, or a tanker, however, you're only going to notice those times when your team doesn't have any defenses up and you get ruthlessly bombed. The solution I'd propose is, like you said, decreasing the DPS, but then significantly increasing the loiter time of an ESF. One hit kills would stay the same, but stuff like flak/G2A missiles would take longer to kill an ESF (and longer proportionally to kill an ESF.) The idea would be to make it harder for a single unit to deal with an ESF (and lets face it- a single unit only deters ESF's right now anyways) but make it easier to have multiple targets fighting ESF's, because the ESF's will loiter over an area for longer, allowing more people to notice and shoot it. Plus, OHKO weapons will be more useful against ESF's, and those tend to be both satisfying to use, and don't cause rage with ESF pilots because they're typically rather difficult to use. Plus, ground units get more time to hide agaist G2A ESF's bombing them, while A2A ESF's care less about ground interference. For tanks, I think the following things need to be implemented: Coaxial MG for lightnings. All lightning armament is changed to deal more damage to MBT's, and less to other vehicles/infantry (making them dedicated tank hunters, ESF's of the ground, if you will) MBT's gain significantly more armour against infantry, and deal significantly more damage to sunderers. In general, make MBT's better tanks, and lightnings better tank destroyers (focusing their AI power onto their coaxial machine guns)
I mean, I'd be fine seeing hornets/rocket pods more firmly segregated into their roles, although I can't speak for any other pilots. For example, I've long been a proponent of dropping 100 splash damage per hornet rocket (so they deal only 900 total in a volley) for extra speed, and I'd give up all the splash for extra speed and damage against armor (especially sunderers, ESF's can do virtually nothing against them.). And at this point, rocketpods are already pretty bad at killing heavy armor, so I'd be fine with seeing them changed to a resistance type completely ineffective against heavy armor, mostly innefective against light armor, but with a greater inner blast damage and more damage against heavy air (because trying to take down a liberator or galaxy with just a nosegun is nearly impossible.) As far as noseguns, I don't really think they need to be changed. I mean, I wouldn't really care if they were, but I basically only use them for killstealing. Unless I'm in a massive ESF zerg (incredibly rare) I basically never kill any ground vehicles by myself with them. The exception would be the banshee, but that's less because it's good against vehicles and more because it got so frustrating to use against infantry I was willing to risk my plane nosing up close to the backsides of tanks.
Please don't make this an empire-bashing thing. The PPA is still in a similar position.
Actually, the banshee still oneclips maxes. You need near 100% accuracy to do so, thoughm
The banshee isn't just UP compared to the other ESAI weapons, it's UP compared to the rotary. It has so little splash, it basically requires direct hits.
666 satan (AKA o-parts hunter, written by the less famous kishimoto brother) is really great, just fyi.
Then they're all underpowered. That's like saying every MAX AV weapon should be nerfed to the level of the fracture, or saying every flak weapon should be nerfed to the level of the ranger.
The banshee is bad at killing armour, really bad and really bad at killing air. It was nerfed because it was OP against infantry. I don't want it totally reversed-- I know how OP it was (I got about 860 kills with it.) I just want part of the nerf reversed, because it was nerfed too far, to the point where it was less frustrating to kill other aircraft, no matter how bad it is for the task, because it's just that bad at killing infantry
\&gt; implying any recent fps isn't
And? The secondaries don't increase the killing power of the banshee. The make the ESF more versatile, but don't affect whether the weapon itself is overpowered or underpowered.
It's more battlefield 4 meet EVE online, minus the spreadsheet simulator.
Medic gun, medic. Assault rifles are excellent weapons, even the stock ones, and the medic gun lets you rake in cert points. It's even better if you're TR, because we have the greatest,number of good assault rifles- the stock gun is great, the trv spams shots, the TAR is a high mobility beast, the SABR is the only good burst weapon in the game, and I've heard excellent things about the TORQ.
If I know I can only pull somethi,g every 7 minutes, it's sure as hell going to affect my playstyle. And I fail to understand why an equal number of players, each individually more vulnerable, playing more difficult to use roles, shouldn't be more effective than players using an easier platform. Skill matters on the ground, why shouldn't it matter in the air?
Your comment's argument (or at least one of them) basically boiled down to " since two ESF's are better than a liberator, ESF's are overpowered." it wasn't your only argument, but it's the one I was referring to.
Filthy NC, you deserve to be cleansed by the might of the TERRAN REPUBLIC. Already, our commisars are preparing their commisar hats and commissioners to execute you and your terrorist brethren. LOYALTY. HONOR. COURAGE. TR.
PS2 is notoriously CPU intensive, because your computer has to jump through a lot of hoops to figure out what all the dozens or hundreds of players close enough to affect you are doing. You're getting a 300m radius of data from infantry, and up to 900m depending on vehicle (galaxies render furthest, because, of their size.)
Ps2 has it's own unique flight model to compensate for the low flight ceiling but comparatively large map. Because literally every aircraft is VTOL, a specialized combat maneuver called the reverse maneuver has been developed. I can't give exact instructions because I'm a PC player, but the general idea is to slow down, do a 180 degree alerion roll until your belly faces up, pitch down, then, once level, press boost. If you've slowed down far enough, the boosters will drop into hover mode, which gives you a significant increase in upwards thrust. The manuever is useful for two reason- it lets you face your opponent without getting into a tedious turnfight, and your delta-v during the boost phase is high enough, in a strange enough direction, that your opponent will miss a bunch of their shots trying to hit you. Dogfighting, in general, tends to happen after both pilots have switched to hover mode, so they can both aim at their opponents while also tumbling in midair with afterburners to make themselves more difficult to fight. If you know the reverse maneuver and your opponent doesn't, then you can make them overshoot you and get on their tail. Do note that the reverse maneuver is best down behind cover, as slowing down and flipping over makes you an easy to hit target. To stay in hover mode, only pitch down. It's much faster than pitching up anyways. At more advanced levels, you can use the reverse maneuver sideways, or while going around an obstacle.
There's actually a pretty good reason- point defense with blast weapons. Were there no friendly fire, you could constantly drop explosives on the points, killing enemies but not affecting your team.
Tower bases, nelson's defiance.
Steel beams? Yes. Tree branches? Hell no.
So what you're saying is, tomcats should be nerfed, right? Because you yourself said they take no skill and allow you to kill more experienced players solely on the strength of your loadout.
Used them properly? An ESF running tanks/AA nosegun is just as much an AA craft as a craft running locks/nosegun, but worse in every way against every air target. It got to the point where I was beating AA nosegun/tanks ESF's with my banshee/tomcats ESF with a fair degree of regularity.
Huh. Probably still better to be dead looking at a map than alive looking at a counter, though.
No clue, honestly.
If you're writing a crossover, just do whatever you want.
Because then they'd be useless at actually killing people?
Maybe with all headshots, the 143 damage tier takes 7 body shots to kill at minimum range with no nanoweave. Nanoweave 1 adds another shot, and more range adds more.
It would honestly be rather overpowered- aircraft would basically be flying turrets, or spaceships. If they were truly helicopters it would make sense, but ESF's are more like F-35's than apaches. The valkyrie has the greatest yaw speed.
Huh, I thought it was only maximum stealth.
Reason: The compressor is very simple, very intuitive, very clean. A bit fiddly to work with, occasionally, but overall a very good device. The EQ I'm more ambivalent about, as it doesn't show a spectrum readout. If the mixer bus EQ was the main EQ, I'd be ecstatic. Ableton Live: The compressor is a bit more difficult to figure out, but overall very feature rich and sounds good. The EQ is positively amazing.
Funny how in your comment you forget about geography.
Please don't camp warpgates- it's extremely cancerous behavior towards the airgame. Aside from that, go for, it.
Centrist voters matter quite a bit, as that's where swing votes tend to fall. Neither party has anything approaching ~50% of the popular vote locked in, and someone as liberal as sanders will definitely get the republican base energized to vote.
I'm going to have to disagree. I've seen plenty of excellent stories that follow the spirit of the prompt.
Again, I disagree, but these are subjective opinions anyways, so it's not worth having an argument over.
Cool, I'll check it out.
Probably only doable on max ammo, though. It's because the PPA and banshee have the HMG resist type, while the AH and other noseguns have the air MG resist type. Valkyries are built to be well defended against ESF weapons, not so much ground fire.
Nah. It's still pretty bad, it's just better than the others in groups because of its large DPM and HMG resist type.
No, I'm not. I'd need at least 50% confidence to make a bet, and here the major options are "lose the primary, win the primary but lose the general, lose the general." I think "win the primary but lose the general" is the single most likely option, but not necessarily one with a greater than 50% probability of happening.
ZOE is inherently broken, in that it gives a mobility buffs to what's already the tankiest infantry unit in the game. It's always going to be either OP or useless.
That doesn't make much sense, though-- why should the AV option be better than the AA option? I'd even be willing to take an AV secondary nerf against galaxies in return for a nosegun buff.
So all ESFs are supposed to do is circlejerk with other ESFs? I have beyter luck against lightnings. I still don't try qnd seek them out, though.
So you base balance decisions based entirely on your personal dislike of ESFs? Well, I guess it's pointless to argue with you, then. You're unlikely to listen to anything I have to say regardless.
I'm almost at 1.0 overall KDR, so after getting 1.0 no-revives kdr, I want to make it to at least .75 infantry-only kdr.
GaBe is for Gabriel B, and the rest of the stuff I've been adding to my usernames since I was twelve or so because I never get to use four letter usernames, and gaberock occasionally gets taken. (I've sent plenty of hate tells to the reddit dude who stole the name and then never posted anything.)
Eh, I've always thought forcing specialization doesn't make sense, when vehicles can't change loadouts. A heavy assault is good against everything, so vehicles should be at least as good.
Every MBT in the game lets the pilot switch between driver and gunner seat. If you don't think that's a big deal, I propose preventing seat switching for the pilot of any vehicle, including air vehicles. Sure, ESFs aren't nerfed, but liberators are.
&gt;Because ESFs are impossible to hit otherwise. I wish. Flak, walkers, basilisks, halberds, drakes, the archer, even small arms will all make me leave a fight. I'm not going to deny your last statement, but that hardly negates my point that ESF hp doesn't make a difference when fighting.
&gt;That's not true. Hornets can out-DPS two Engies, and no other ESF weapon can do that. Hornets are the only weapon you can put on an ESF that can kill a competent MBT on its own. That's your argument against it? Hornets are overpowered because tanks aren't literally invulnerable to them? That's kind of ridiculous. Well, ok. You can get hornets removed, but I want to be able to outrepair flak turrets and walkers. It's only fair, right?
