The name is Kaufmann, quote is Eurostyle. Both bad choices.
If he's related to El Chapo Guzmán, do NOT doubt him. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joaqu%C3%ADn_Guzm%C3%A1n_Loera
This is such bullshit. You're acting like "black culture" is some far away culture that other Americans don't understand. African Americans are Americans. It isn't part of black culture to not get married when having a baby out of wedlock, it's what happens when you get knocked up with a guy who isn't done fucking around yet. My neighbor was a single black mom and yes, the kid's dad did come around occasionally for 1 night. And after he would leave I would see condom wrappers in the shared trashcan. He didn't come for the kid, he came to fuck her again. (And least he finally realized he should be using condoms.)
She looks so happy. I want to be that happy.
Anybody know how this happened? The entire bottom of my feet are calluses (no idea why) and I want to remove all the skin.
Eurostyle was easy. Kaufmann I needed some help with.
It is when used correctly. But it's been waaaay overused. Same with Papyrus, which is a nice font, but every single nature show and spa seems to think they need to use it.
~~You're~~Your stupid until proven otherwise.
thx
LEEROY JENKINS!!!!
OP said you'd be immortal, he didn't say anything about STDs. Having a massive case of herpes for eternity would suck.
Burn him.
It's interesting actually. Scammers purposely make their emails look fake so that smart/normal people will disregard them. They only want the stupid people to respond. http://news.nationalpost.com/news/email-scams-are-stupid-for-a-reason-scammers-only-want-stupid-people-to-respond-to-them
Arabic please
Great thanks! Just one more, hieroglyphics. (My dad is Egyptian and married a mummy he found.)
Well that was unexpected. Well done!
Yep, the mom killed her son. Poor guy just needed some help and support.
What the fuck is wrong with people? They were doing well and were very successful before. Now they're going to ruin their business because they're greedy fucktards.
How did you first get involved with Simon Rex?
Never go full retard.
I can't believe you've done this.
Op is the best reversed Gaf i've ever saw.
Any idea where it's from?
How do you like them apples?
Eau de Elon
I like how he gently strokes it with his fingers.
Are you single-handedly responsible for the Earth's deforestation?
Part of me suspects they just bought a new dog and drugged it so it looked partially quadriplegic, then kept lowering the dose so "Sammi" appeared to be getting better. The internet has ruined me.
Are you sure this isn't a gay dating site?
Shit like this makes me glad I switched to OS X. As someone who likes to keep his UI clean and tidy, this would really irritate me. I never thought Microsoft would do something as annoying as this.
No
What if Neil and Buzz had butt sex on the moon?
Worked for me. Time to sleep.
Round two.
OP's mom's vagina is a huge target. It's an honest mistake.
I used to say to my ex-girlfriend "If you weren't pretty I wouldn't be with you cause your personality sucks."
You have to hide in the bushes outside her house and then sometimes quickly rise up and peek in her window. It gets the point across you're serious and aren't playing games.
Many times you want to frame the photo around the girl's faces. When you have 4 average height girls and 1 girl who is a foot above the others, that girl is gonna have to squat.
I actually love it when a girl has a very small round bead piercing in her nose.
Why does God want Benny Hinn to knock people over? I really don't get this.
It depends where he was staying, actually. If he was somewhere with a lot of hooker bars, he was getting so much attention 1) as you said, money and 2) because he is most likely younger and the girls are used to ugly old foreign guys. Many of the bar girls have darker skin because they hang out with foreigners so much and foreigners tend to like the sun more than Thai people. If he was staying in a smaller city or even a bigger city that doesn't get as much tourism (e.g. Nakhon Ratchasima) then his white skin is definitely the reason girls are so attracted to him. Almost every TV/movie superstar in Thailand is half Thai. If you have darker skin you will (usually) think that makes you ugly. The people with darker skin on the Thai TV shows commonly play the stupid/silly characters. Anyway, you're completely underestimating how important skin color is here.
That was pretty damn good.
Death by brojob
Jesus. H. Christ *Marketing Director, Heaven*
His argument is boiling a dog alive will create a shit and piss soup. You're showing pictures of skinning a dog alive for fur. This is completely different.
...and then stuffed inside sausage casings and eaten by the upper class.
Unfortunately that's probably true.
"I've made an awesome mistake..."
The print/cursive mix should be the standard. It's so much faster to write like that than either print or cursive alone.
He's leaning towards the camera.
I wish your cat was drunk before the raccoon ate her.
TIL i am a bird
...a little bit of Leslie's all I need.
I don't know what they're saying but i'm still laughing.
&gt; Isn't it a bit sexist to assume that she "allowed" us to objectify her? You're right. Maybe ESPN hogtied, drugged, then stripped off her clothes and took photos.
So the Christian motto is basically, "It's easier to say you're sorry than to ask for permission"?
I only watched it a few times and I knew that.
They don't think it be like it is, but it do...
Here in Thailand it's completely different. It kind of caught me off guard. I had only been here for a few months and me and my girlfriend at the time were on a city bus in Bangkok. She started talking to a little girl who was in the seat next to us, probably 4 years old, and then just picked her up and put her on her lap. She hadn't even said anything to the girl's mom. I immediately looked at the mom because I expected her to say something or act a certain way, but nothing. A guy friend of mine is about 30 years old and he absolutely loves babies and children, probably because he's working away from his home town and doesn't get to see his children often (which is really common for Thai people to do). He'll go up to a baby or little kid and start talking to them and then start rubbing their head or hold their hands. In America the mom and dad would have taken the kid away in both of those situations. All those things should be perfectly fine to do, but in America it's like you're automatically assumed to be a pedophile just for being friendly with babies and children.
AT&amp;T. I bought 1 month of phone and 3G service for $60 at one of their local offices (I don't live in the US). They accidentally charged my card twice... $120. I called them up and after looking up the billing history the guy was like, "Oh, yep, I see now. We accidentally charged you twice." So I was like, "Ok, great, so you'll refund me $60?" This mother fucker immediately said, "Sorry, we have a no refund policy." WTF?! You just admitted your mistake and then say you won't fix it? It took over an hour and a half on the phone, even having to talk to a supervisor, before they agreed to refund me for the extra charge. Assholes.
Man I haven't been that excited in a long time. I need to get out fishing more.
What if you yell racial slurs at the takeout box?
We must remove the brain...
No more dinners at Tony's house.
Thai sweet and sour soup would be pretty bad with cheese.
Maybe it's the bare minimum, but I wish we had more nice people on this planet.
They basically do.
But she had a flashlight
That's the Rafucku
Are you fishing with lures or bait?
That explains everything.
Yep, most likely something like that.
It seemed like The Majestic was unfairly judged. Everybody was saying how it was Jim Carrey's attempt at getting an Oscar, so they scrutinized it way more than they should have. It was a good movie.
One of the funnieth movieth EVER.
I've read this a lot, but just how dangerous is it really? I live in Thailand and everybody here gives dogs food with both onions and garlic every single day (usually the dog's food is whatever the humans didn't eat during their last meal) and the dogs seem to be very healthy, with street dogs being an exception. As long as they don't get hit by a car or get something like heartworm from the mosquitoes, they live a long, normal life. They're usually all very active and playful (or run after you and try to bite you) but if there are any health issues caused from onions and garlic I've never seen it. EDIT: Ok, see /u/GLaMSDOS 's post below. Sounds like people are blowing this out of proportion. A little bit of onion and garlic in the food won't be toxic.
You're a good man. And so am I. So I call seconds.
Something in the three quarter-pounders, the french fries, and supersized *diet* Coke.
THE BIG YELLOW ONE'S THE SUN
Actually, for maximum gains she should probably have injections in multiple locations at the same time...
If you're looking for Part 2, [click here](http://studygroupcomics.com/main/the-epic-of-gilgamesh-part-2-by-kinoko-evans/).
His face is pretty damn big.
My mom actually does this. Not enough to actually turn, but steering wheels usually have a bit of give so you can turn the wheel slightly left or right and it doesn't turn the car. I gave up trying to make her realize she can hold the wheel straight. Now I'm a bit fascinated by it and just watch her and observe. Like National Geographic or something.
When there's a fight scene and the people in the background are slowly doing fighting motions or just standing there. I try to keep myself from looking for it, but sometimes I can't help it.
What if its name is Brock?
It sucks when your asshole just gives up mid-shit.
Have you tried talking to her and explaining that you're an adult and she shouldn't be so controlling over your life?
And making booze.
My ex girlfriend is Asian and she never stank. Even after camping for 2 days. Even after exercising. And she didn't wear deodorant.
It just means earlier versions of IE won't be supported by Microsoft. People will still use them.
This is true, but this gives us more leverage when convincing clients to not require support for IE 10, or even 9 or 8.
A guy was telling me the reason Donald Trump would be a great president is because he has no experience.
They know. They all know. You sick bastard.
I also don't get it. When we were kids we would loosen the front tire's bolts, do a wheelie, and see how long we could wheelie without a front tire. It would have been really easy to get a picture like this.
When it was only 500 million you just couldn't be bothered?
To steal money? Are you serious? They're taking more from the middle class as a percentage as they are from the rich. There is nothing unfair about this, except being unfair to the middle class. It's still going to be capped at 250k, so it's still showing favoritism towards the wealthy.
I've never taken any form of welfare and I don't even live in the United States anymore, yet I still pay taxes in the states.
One other thing I haven't seen mentioned is that Forbes most likely doesn't directly control the ads that are shown. Most companies use an ad network to serve and monetize their ads. It would definitely be Forbes' fault for using ad network that would do things like serving up malware, but you can't blame Forbes because a bad ad came from their ad network.
Yeah that didn't come out right. What I meant was it's partially Forbes fault, but the majority of blame should fall on the ad network.
I guarantee it wasn't someone named Akim. It's an African scammer. I run an online dating site in Asia and we get anywhere from 3 to 10 African scammers a day.
It's actually kinda good. I'm tempted to draw something and put it into there.
