So like a Chinatown.
Thunderdevil is boss! Makes you look like Solid Snake.
The common individual doesn't know what most of the government does. I'm not surprised if a lot of folks didn't know that.
Gee, I didn't realize water was still wet. CAN THIS FREAKING SEASON START ALREADY.
I've always likened those who fight gentrification similar to those who fought against civil rights and modern medicine. I take that stance because I live in West Philly where our nickname was "The Bottom", still is, but it's not lacking in drug needles, and broken glass bottles on the ground. Rampant crime and gang fights in the streets. Gentrification has always been good in my neighborhood, pushing about the bad elements that just don't give a damn about the area. Even so I like the idea of gentrification as well as affordable housing. No one should ever get priced out of the neighborhood they worked hard to maintain.
Voidfang Vestments is the only time I think having more strength is cool.
How is using the Gjallarhorn elitism? I think you're just upset this particular strategy involves it. How about replace it (insert 365 heavy here)?
How so?
What are you talking about, /r/eagles would have given up Boykin, along with everyone else for Mariota...
Still don't see how that's broken. Hunters also spawn with grenade energy with the Lucky Raspberry. Its not broken, it's game mechanics. What would be broken is if Sunsingers could have ignite, with two grenades.
Some will pay people to make money out of their money, and then pay other people to make sure they don't pay other people too much. Circle of Life?
At the Apollo.
I think Riley Cooper would have been a deal breaker for them. Meaning they wouldn't have wanted him.
This story is crazier than a bag of cats in summer.
Didn't say he committed suicide.
Like a responsible adult, imagine that....
Fear makes people do bizarre things.
Wrong about what exactly?
Don't talk about our coach like you know him. He wants to win, that's all. He has a system to win, if you believe you are bigger than the team then there are your walking papers.
Like a CD with scratches on it.
And a Tardus that replaces the ship and or tower.
Didn't Germany ban it until more evidence comes out?
No you twat.
I don't pay any mind to anonymous downvotes anymore, I see them as trolls or paid shills who disagree with me but can't form their opinions into words without looking like idiots. I'm all about more information and reason and not so much about blanket statements like OP was saying.
Nothing is just "meh" with wolf pack rounds.
I think a lot of your fans said "X person can't go!" this year, and watched them walk away. I'm not going to underestimate the craziness of the Niners at the moment.
Don't feed the trolls
Of course, our special teams will score 35 for us.
Can someone post a picture of the countries Russia has annexed in the last decade versus the US?
It's the ever shuffling sleight of hand card game Bungie is playing with the guns.
Because you don't have laws for it, doesn't mean you go to another country with laws for it and don't abide by them. We have free speech in America but if you go to Thailand and insult the King you are going to jail, period. Not to mention a potential caning.
Baseball is more of an evolved version of a cricket. Americans get that from our English counter parts. Heck, our anthems sound the same. So no, I take nothing back.
I'm pretty sure it's your job as buyers to have a proper inspection done, on your coin not the Sellers'. Just walk away from it and move on. You don't want to get involved any further.
You could say we demoted the items....
That's not a gun, that's a bloody anti-aircraft cannon. You'll raise hell let alone pulses!
Kotaku shouldn't bite the hands that feed them.
I haven't seen it, I don't frequent this sub. Douche #2 has been discovered.
Even if he urinated near it, there are also laws against that. This was Malaysia I'm sure there are laws against public nudity.
T. O. for all his shortcomings he did his job well. Caught the ball, scored touchdowns, and was entertaining. What else could we have asked for? Aside from off field drama.
Yeah I get them mixed up
You buy stock based on.... What?
Future DLC plot line
Close to averaging a triple double every game. That's insane.
Even cats can't not resist of power of ham.
But I like the populated areas, it's fun to see a mob of random players just man handle a boss together. I think I've completed like seven quests with end dungeon bosses that way.
I can't think of a 1st rounder so hyped up that hasn't play a single snap in the league . There has to be an NFL Films top ten on that and he has to be there somewhere.
How should I build my Nightblade out? I'm focusing right now on skills, wearing mostly medium armor and some heavy armor. I'm specialized in dual wield and very little work with bows. Should I focus more on health stamina or magic?
Seriously, some a harassing circle jerk of a subreddit gets banned and people are Butthurt because it invades their freedom of speech? Well reddit can get sued for it, hell the people who are doing the harassing can get sued for it. It was a business decision, folks need to get over it or go back to /b/.
Can I have a restoration staff with healing and elemental damage on it? As a NB with dual wield I'd love to continue to output double damage and gain an extra slot to heal myself in a pinch.
Old habits die hard, thought someone would get a kick out of it haha.
Oh gosh I completely forgot about that. I have a Vita too!
How about the other motifs? I'm in Aldermi right now, so I'd find the motifs for the races associated with them?
This isn't Sword Art Online... Lol
Certified killer, he's slayed his own career in cold blood.
Folks do keep score by their bank accounts, but I hope he has a good money manager cause no one is buying anymore of his records.
Tyson and Hammer wasn't probably, it happened you twit.
Took twenty shrapnel shards but doesn't roll with a limp.
Cayde-6 also apparently can hold his liquor as well. According to the random things the guards say at the Reef.
I do this with no remorse. We all have queued long lines. Have some patience.
Here's a tip for you. Don't play with randoms.
I'm sure many love him for getting them a ring.
2 years and running!
Ain't nothing rude about it, but that's just your opinion vs mine vs the citizens of Cambodia. Buddhism played and still plays a huge part in a country's healing that it suffered during the Khmer Rogue.
Only thing here that is a joke is you.
Coach upstairs is probably relaying things they see. Who is open, if the safety is rushing, I'm sure there's a ton of information they are getting from upstairs.
It looks like your friend is getting double teamed and he's enjoying it..
Many will agree but Bungie doesn't care. They'll do anything for their bottom line.
Is this ingested THC or inhaled?
If this was my job site, someone would have been unemployed real quick. I've fired people for less.
If these were investment properties it may have been worth it due to the fact you can shelter your income via depreciation and the mortgage interest deduction. Most times to what I've calculated in our portfolio you'd shelter anywhere between 20-35k in income per property. So even if you're reporting negative numbers your bank account is growing.
All Guardian powers comes from the Traveler. If it didn't exist the Guardians wouldn't exist.
You must be new here, this is where white people come to pretend. It's the Internet where that 21 year old is actually 14,and the knock on the door isn't the Pizza man its a Chris Hansen.
Yes I too am struggling with Kleptomania, but I'm taking something for it, so I got that going for me.
Seeing as how difficult it is to win in this day and age I'm not bothered by it. Because after the game is over the next year starts it doesn't matter anymore.
And win a Super Bowl with a rival of the 49ers.
They mispronounced "Iggles". Edit They demand Chip Kelly to be fired. After a single loss.
I think it'd be more about guaranteed money, that's more security than extended years as far as your health is concerned. But yeah, pay the man.
i think you spelt "stab" wrong. Your fanbase has a track record to uphold.
Consider that a blessing
I picture the election officials are actually a firing squad with clipboards.
So much better than Destiny. My Nightblade looks awesome in charcoal. I want black black now.
Median income for a family in Korea is around 32k a year(OECD stats for 2012), seeing as you are going to be paid almost 4 times that, plus your debts here in the States it still doesn't seem like a bad deal.
Should I continue to be long on Alcoa? Half of my lots I got in when it was $7 the other half during the rise $11 - $13. Should I sell some? I don't see a terrible downturn in the future with the company.
No one Guardian is above another, we are all the same cloth. An in game battle shrine in tribute to all Guardians lost, and forever in our hearts. But some may think it sappy and have no bearing of its context of why it's even there.
My bet is it'll be 5.5 million a year for five years, 9-10 million guaranteed. Or 5.5 for three years and 7-8 million guaranteed. He's 34, unless he stays super healthy I can't imagine him getting a long contract.
Winning a Super Bowl is end game for all teams, it seems you are in a win now mode, not win five or seven years from now mode.
Once you get up to 20% in equity of the mortgage you can cancel it. If you aren't going to take a 2nd mortgage out the fastest way is to pay down the principal of the mortgage. A few hundred dollars a month and you're on your way.
I had a blunt with oxy I felt like this photo. I was one with the sensation, and my bed, on a molecular level.
For the record they were split mostly about raising property tax.
You could see him go for the laptop as soon as she mentioned the 50 inch TV. "No fucking way am I giving that to you! This madness ends now!"
Why anyone gives a shit is beyond me.
This is what they call "on the other end of the spectrum."
Aside from money laundering, what are the banks suppose to police?
Seriously, you are King Kong.
You know I was on the fence about buying the game, but now seeing that I would have to buy the collector's edition Bungie has secured it for me. They've completely lost my patronage.
NA PS4 AD WTS/WTT Redguard Motif or any motif not Argonian, Breton, Khajitt, Nord. Trade or gold. (US PS4 Aldermi dominion, looking to sell for gold Redguard Motif, or trade for motif that isn't Argonian, khajitt, Nord, or Breton.)
It's obvious to anyone paying attention that the Bungie that created Halo and the Bungie that created Destiny are two completely different companies.
If you read the article they revenue last year was 65 million.
Top comments are about how to do it if it's a larger hole. Stop typing about it and show us all! Thanks.
Correct me if I'm wrong, in a buy back the seller is going to get taxed on it aren't they? How could a buy back offered by a company be seen as "gaming" the system? Could a buy back have unmentioned bad drawbacks to the general populace?
