Maybe it is correct?
Roland was the coolest dude on the planet....
Gaige is one of the two most OP characters in the game. Who the hell told you that she wasn't great solo? My gods she has a 8 ft floating mech to work with.
The game came out almost 7 years ago and you still haven't finished it. Probably even bought a used copy of the GOTY edition. I seriously doubt you are the demographic that they are aiming at....
Doesn't dance. Wouldn't buy.
Isn't over simplification cute?
So black people are just burned white people?
Jenny is putting things in her cooter.
Wait....you've seen the movie 100+ times and think that Ruby Rhod is Chris Rock? You are the most unobservant person I have ever met.
I don't know. You're the one that whipped out the racist card. Do you think you are a racist?
There is actually a name for this: [Megatsunami](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Megatsunami)
Hey kids you wanna see some sweet pics that have been reposted on here at least a couple dozen times before? FTFY
Duke Nukem
I will never understand the need to post or read these posts. Basically it comes down to, "Look, I bought things"
Okay, how about I wish death on the owners that have taken this poor retarded creature and done everything they can to milk her deformities for their own profit?
I wander why?
Corgis rule. Other dogs drool.
Guess you never heard of the red ring of death.
Child learns nothing from this.
I'd love to use Brick to punch everyone off the moon.
Not seeing a big market for this unless it can be configured for gaming
Wasn't that sort of a given?
They had a problem running Fallout 3 on the PS3. Why would anyone think they were going to deal with the memory issues they had with that game for FO4?
They had enough problems getting FO3 working on the PS3? WTF would anyone think that FO4 is going to be on it?
Dude it isn't your fault. Just blame /r/pcmasterrace
The problem isn't how much RAM it had, it is how it was broken down. Both the Xbox 360 and PS3 have 512MB of RAM, but where Xbox 360 just has a huge chunk of it for everything, the PS3 split it 50/50 between Graphics and Processing. Where they fell short is that they should have probably put more in the Processing and less in the Graphics. More like a modern computer. This split is why in the later stages of the cycle of the PS3 the Graphics were actually better than the Xbox 360 because in house designers like Naughty Dog showed people how to maximize the the Graphics RAM. Meanwhile Bethesda didn't care about that, they just tried to shoe-horn the game into the remaining 256MB of Processing RAM and caused all of the problems.
Great. The Flash just effed up your pizza.
It never ceases to amaze me the amount of stupidity in these posts. 'Too' much air? Really? Actually it is mostly pure nitrogen. Also, if the nitrogen wasn't in there the chips would break and get crushed in transit. So I would say that while it does have nitrogen it it, it isn't 'too' much for the task required.
You're an idiot.
Don't even try. This is another one of those facts that the reddit circle jerk just can't understand.
No it doesn't. Chips are sold by weight, not volume. More chips equal more weight so more cost. Unless the packaging becomes a problem, greater volume doesn't increase cost.
The argument is that the stunt was about if there is 'too' much 'air' in the bags. Everyone agrees that there is a gas in the bags, nitrogen, but to say that it is 'too' much is just stupid. First, chips are sold by weight, not volume. So the added air means nothing to the cost. Second, if you didn't have the nitrogen in there, then the chips would be broken and crushed in transit. That is why crisps like Pringles have to be made out of potato mash and then shaped to so they stack in transit. Finally, it isn't 'air', it's nitrogen. The nitrogen is there to keep freshness which means they don't have to put more preservative into the chips. So stating that there is 'too much air' in the bags just means that you are too stupid/lazy to actually know why something is done the way it is done.
So basically you're saying that Koreans are too stupid to check to make sure they are buying by weight and not volume.
That isn't what I asked there skippy. Just look at a bag and tell me.
Labyrinth did it better.
Damn you are a fucking moron. One simple question and you turn it into an argument. Sorry if my original question was asking for a little education about how food is actually sold in your backassward country. Remember, you caused this by. I just wanted to learn something about your culture. Fuckwad.
Don't. Buy. The. Product. Or are you such little children that your country has to hold your hand all the time.
Yea, this from a fucking idiot that can't even follow one simple request to help another person understand the issue. Just wants to sit there and whine like some punk. "Oh please daddy government. Protect me. I am just a simple farmer and can't be expected to take care of myself." whine whine whine.
Go ahead. Lay your head down. Knowing that you don't need to think because your government is looking out for all of your pathetic little needs.
Yea like assholes like you don't label an entire country of 400 million all the shit you label us. Please go fuck yourself.
No healthcare. You fucking idiot.
I thought it was way past your bed time. You know so you can get up and go to your WoW gold farming job.
tl;dr: Past your bed time child.
Seek help.
This is the stupidest shit on the planet.
Look at this skippy: http://www.target.com/p/the-witcher-3-wild-hunt-playstation-4/-/A-15177872#prodSlot=medium_1_1&amp;term=witcher+3 Not only did I get to wait until they patched the one thing that was going to annoy the hell out of me but I can now buy it for $18 off.
Corgis rule and other dogs drool.
It never ceases to amaze me the amount of stupidity that surrounds what people 'believe' they know about this breed.
I can't count out Abbrederis because I saw him play in college and he just has this way about him that makes me think he is going to be great in the pros.
The real question is: Is he willing to take a pay cut so that the Ravens will keep him, since we all know that he was WAY over paid on his last contract?
Not at all. The first corgi was just a genetic mutation that surprisingly bred true. If you look up corgi and other breed mixes almost all of them have the corgis dwarfism showing that it is actually a dominate trait. So no there hasn't been any more selective breeding with corgis than say a golden retriever or german shepard.
Are you a complete idiot? Selective breeding is a unique or rare desirable trait in a species and then breeding them with only other ones with that trait to keep it. While it is true that selective breeding in say animals like pugs and turkeys is a complete shame, but corgis aren't selectively breed. They are just bred. The dwarfism isn't unique any specific dog it is a trait of the breed as a whole. Not using a corgi for their speed and short stature is the same as not using a dog for finding drugs or bombs. Are you saying we shouldn't do that? As for munchkins, they were not really selectively bred. A munchkin cat was born and sired more. Now after that there might have been selective breeding, I don't know, but this is a fairly resent breed that just in the last couple of years was recognized as a true breed and think they are still debating that. Corgis happened 400+ years ago that we know of. There wasn't a lot of selective breeding in the highlands of Wales at the time.
Also as a couple of people noted below, a really bad meat cleaver. I guess the metal in the saw blade isn't very good for making cleavers with.
How it talking the truth, bad?
See, I was thinking you were only talking about Super Bowls, because I didn't think you were stupid enough to not know that Antonio has been in 11 playoff games over his career. http://www.pro-football-reference.com/players/C/CromAn20/gamelog/#stats_playoffs P.S. Your Seahawks have only made the playoff only 14 times. They have won 27 games.
That is from 2 years ago, obviously talking about the 2012 season.
R&amp;C is a Sony exclusive and always will be.
No you don't because you are a fucking bot.
Graphic doesn't make any sense. If two fingers up is for 2 in the front, how is a fist for 5 in the rear? Should just be an open hand.
Currently on the roster. Besides there is already a statue to him outside the stadium.
That is awesome.
1. Duke Nukem 2. Duke Nukem 3. Duke Nukem
Just ignore this asshat. Look at his post history. The guy has a huge hardon for heavy people to the point of assholeness that I have never seen before.
A - Did you see the name of the poster? B - It is common knowledge that havok_bot is a bot that just pulls from tumblr and posts on here. For some reason the MODs allow it on here.
Can't even watch the whole .gif. Riding that would just make me throw up in the slide.
I heard they taste kinda salty.
Really? You haven't watched enough food porn.
"Unlike Activision, Bethesda hasn't once sold themselves out for exclusivity rights".....You never heard of Fallout 3?
Not bad for something that is only 40% done.
American to Canadian exchange rates...
Yes!
Baxter! How many times do I have to tell you that I don't speak Spanish?
Who said he is? He is still the lead actor on one of the hottest movies of this year and also last year. He can basically demand any price he wants on his next film that he isn't already contracted for.
You do realize that they learned from the RDJ contract for Iron Man and most of the new contracts after that were for multiple movies. Chris is already contracted for the next 2 Guardians movies. I'm talking about anything outside of that.
Flavor of the month? Okay skippy. Let's just forget that he was in Guardians and the Lego Movie last year. Is already signed up for the Magnificent Seven reboot. The ceiling is pretty damn high for him right now. Outside of say Channing Tatum you have to say that he is one of top young lead actors out there right now.
&gt; that he isn't already contracted for [i.e. Guardians 2] I guess you missed this part of my post.
A - Have you seen box offices for [Tom Cruise](http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0000129/?ref_=fn_al_nm_1), [Brad Pitt](http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0000093/?ref_=nv_sr_1) and [Sandra Bullock](http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0000113/?ref_=nv_sr_1) movies lately? They aren't drawing like they use too. B - Again, he has been in 3 of the biggest movies of the last 2 years. Even if he isn't a draw yet in your mind, he sure as hell a draw in the mind of people that make movies. Once you are attached to movies that make almost a billion dollars, your scale goes up. Most of those names you put up there didn't start making money until they were attached to a big box office hit or won an Oscar. He has had 3 in just his first 5 movies where he is a main or major character. He is going to be getting $20M+ per movie after this current contracts are up.
Knew I should have looked the quote up first. Still. Chill the fuck out.
That dude had some serious psychological problems.
1. Shoot all the things. 2. Open all the things you can't shoot. 3. Duck when your shield is down.
Lefty freak.
Dream on. There isn't going to be another Borderlands. Gearbox already made all the money on the planet and want to make sure that other game companies get a chance at the pie.
Damn shit weasels!
Wasn't this for Zero Dark Thirty?
They are all females.
The one thing that I see that really stands out is that this is the 10th time this season that the producer has dropped the ball. I don't have time to go back through this season of Tabletop to see where they made mistake, but I'm pretty sure that Wil has already eaten a lot of crow on Youtube for these mistakes. At some point, you just have to stop beating yourself up and tell the people what is really going on. Was it a little unprofessional? Maybe, but then again, we don't know the whole story and it looks like he is also explaining why the producer won't be back if they do a 4th season.
Then how the hell do you know you didn't like the New one if you didn't see it?
Little late for that.
Pryor's problem wasn't really accuracy. It was that he can't read defenses to save his life.
&gt; The original was all I watched. ????
Well at least you can still milk him for some BS karma from some anonymous assholes off of the interwebs.
PS3 already has PS1 compatibility. The problem with PS2 and PS3 is that the PS3 cell processor can't run PS2 games. So they have to basically shoe-horn in a PS2 into the PS3 to get it to run those disks. They did that originally but decided that the cost wasn't worth it since they were more than an Xbox 360. So they removed it.
Come on, we all know that the only reason why Microsoft did this is to try and keep up with Sony. They know that they are majorly behind in market share and doing what they can to keep up. If the race was closer, then they would be doing something like Play Now because they were pushing streaming content even before Sony bought out the company that became Play Now.
Yes
How can you imagine? You are a fucking BOT!
How are you going to say? You are a fucking BOT!
Why isn't this in /r/WTF?
Please no!!!! I like having all the threads be about how someone just bought or is thinking of buying a PS3 and wants to know what good games there are on it.
&gt; Unless they fixed it Hence the reason why I started my post with this. I'm not sure. I haven't had to time to play in amount month now.
Let's see. I was only 8 mths old for the first one, but 1996 was awesome. All the years of watching them be so freaking bad and finally be able to put it all together. It was amazing. 2010 was also great because it was cool to watch Aaron and the guys show that they weren't just Brett. That they were a complete team.
