It is honking with the big Yes printed on it. Lets be honest, you wouldn't see a britnat fly that flag anyways, just leave it as the Saltire.
Yeah, that looks much better!
I always use the AT-ST as a anti aircraft weapon, always satisfying blowing rebel ships out the sky, the only issue is the ridiculous range of the ion cannon, you can sit back miles away from the action on the ground and still get taken out. especially on Hoth
If the rebels have better ships, then surely the imperials should have the advantage of numbers in the air, help even it up
Hurray!
On WA, I kinda wish they would limit the number of Rebel fighters you can have in the air at once.
I'm surprised people believe you need to have skill to use the pulse cannon, its a 1 shot kill weapon. In my experience using it, no skill is really needed, its as simple as point and shoot.
Brilliant, I love the force choke but you shouldn't be using it in situations like that!
It's not the man weapon I use, but if i'm having one of they days where I just can't seem to hit anything, it is my default gun to help get a few kills and get the confidence back
Brilliant
You find that camera on the ceiling? Only kidding, congratulations!
I think Viper droids are just easily to spot because they hover above the ground.
Sounds as if the Galaxy class could be seen as a potential failure
Did the Odyssey manage to take any out Dominion ships during that encounter?
Yeah the Galaxy Class could easily go toe to toe with other know capital ships of the time (pre dominion war that is)
I'm sure we seen one or 2 getting destroyed at the first battle of Chin'toka
&gt; I would have rather them kill off O'brien and his family to make space for her. Wait, what?!
If you have a good partner who is trying to play the objective, it can be really handy to use him for spawning and getting back into the action quickly and not having to run a mile to catch up
Same with the crew, they leave spacedock as the bright eyed, full of hope and energy, excitement, coming back as cynical, wearied, angry from the experience... Or just not making it back at all
&gt; If I remember correctly, his crime wasn't that serious Tbf, He did join a terrorist group
[http://tng.trekcore.com/bluray/images/s3comp/tngs3-bluraypreview-313-3-hd.jpg] Enterprise D from above in the atmosphere
Would loved to have found out more about The Husnock and the adventures of one lone Borg cube/sphere in the Gamma quadrant
IMO air superiority can make a massive difference to the outcome of a game, especially when the uplink is sitting out in the open, A/Y/Speeders can easily pick off players from above. Being in control of the sky can help dictate what's happening on the ground. Plus if you have any Tie fighters still in the air at the final uplink, it means they can take out the speeders before they can attempted to take down a walker with a cable, leaving the rest of us to concentrate on the ground forces
&gt; I imagine a lot of worlds could feel threatened or put off by the insular and, frankly, xenophobic Klingon and Romulan empires so having the Federation around would mean a lot. I always imagined the Federation having something similar to a NATO with certain non member worlds.
I wouldn't want to mess with Italian Leia.
Wouldn't that be similar ti asking why would someone go to the pub for a few drinks when they can do it at home? I think the short answer would be its a place people can go to socialise and relax
I'll be happy for Siri just to understand my accent one day
Yeah the maquis thing was something I didn't get. Why did they appear to happily accept being fitted out in Starfleet uniforms? Felt like more of a conscription than a willingness
Yeah, I've always wondered that. I mean how long did Riker, Troi and Geordie have to walk about about until they found a sleeping Reg in the Holodeck?
I think she has a point. You could argue that the Federation assimilates cultures, they either force them to change into what they deem as acceptable or don't allow them into the club. Look at Bajour, it had been mentioned they wouldn't be allowed to be a member of the federation if they reverted back to its culture prior to the Cardassian occupation, with its class system as briefly seen
I didn't see a single shadow trooper or helmetless stormtrooper. This pleases me
This EU referendum has been utterly farce from the start. The hate that's been whipped up by the right against immigrants and refugees is nothing short of disgusting
For our friends across the Atlantic, I know UK and its devolved politics are be confusing for some MP - Member of Parliament (UK parliament, Westminster, London) MEP - Member of European Parliament (EU Parliament, Brussels) MSP - Member of Scottish Parliament (Scottish Parliament, Holyrood, Edinburgh) AM - Assembly Member (Welsh Parliament, Cardiff) MLA - Member of the Legislative Assembly (Northern Ireland assembly, Belfast)
MP is also used for Military Police for the UK armed forces!
You actually believe that guff you've just posted?
Think of it as an open day in the MP constituency they represent. (They usually use a public building such as a library, community hall, school etc..) Basically once a month an MP will hold a surgery meaning members of the public can make an appointment to see them face to face to discuss matters they wish, it can be either a local grievance or a national grievance, that the MP could raise with Parliament
Oops. I'll put that down as a typo.
Same, but I do think the default stormtrooper skin is the best.
I keep seeing Axanar fans talk about this 20 minute promo as "real" Star Trek Go back and watch TOS and early TNG, Axanar is in no way remotely faithful to early Roddenberry Star Trek. It's basically a war film. Couldn't be further from Star Trek IMO
Yeah, I use the AT-ST as an anti aircraft vehicle
Being turned on offended you?
He gets the job done, you might like how but it gets done
Fuck me, that is horrific news
Yeah, Unless it's my imagination I'm sure the Dominion was already aware of the Federation existence
Indeed
Words are pronounced differently all the time depending on where you are in the world. Even names Craig being one prime example
Same, I do get a deep sense of satisfaction taking out rebel ships. Although it can take multiple attempts to take out a A-Wing
Just voted. Remain. Some of the story from the leave camp have been disgusting, you must feel like a leper being a foreigner in England (Not the rest of the UK) right now. Be interesting to see the outcome, If English votes does pull Scotland out of the EU it would be a constitutional crisis.
After watching Die Hard when I was a wee boy, I assumed all Americans are Cowboys for a long time. Wasn't until I seen City Slickers that I realised differently
That really should be a special weapon. It makes him invincible for a short period of time
What rules?
Why should the rebels have another advantage trying to bring down the Walker? You don't even get punished for snapping the cable. You get unlimited attempted and at least 3 speeders in the air, (not to mention any A-Wings) Your team should be carrying Ion Torpedo, they make mince meat out of the AT-ST
"Entitled" well it's usually just decent common curtesy to welcome someone. But demonising them.....
So making money and starting a profit making business from someone else IP falls under the fair use laws Really?
UK is in political meltdown at the moment. PM resigned Leader of the opposition just had a motion of no confidence from his party MPs Sinn Fenn wanting NI to have a referendum on a United Ireland Scottish First Minister making preparations for a Scottish independence referendum Within an hour of the result Spain are already wanting to have discussion to have join sovereignty over Gibraltar £ dropping like a stone on the market. UK has lost £390 billion from the economy within 2 hours. Plus it's painfully obvious the leave camp have made zero plans for a Brexit. EU want to start exit negotiations straight away UK couldn't be anymore divided at the moment. It's not even been 12 hours since the result, I suspect we still have a lot more to come
Bloody Scots, they ruined Scotland!
Yes. During the 2014 Independence referendum we had been repeatedly told by the NO camp, if we leave the UK we leave the EU and leaving the EU would mean devastation for our economy as businesses and banks would uproot and move elsewhere. In short, we got sold a lie. Right now the UK is up shit creek without a paddle.
Scotland already meets all of the EU regulations.
Spain wouldn't object as it would do real harm to Spanish fishermen not having Scotland (and our vast waters) in the EU
Technically speaking Scotland is a country.
Big difference between what's happening in Spain and Scotland. For starters, Scotland is a country.
Scotland isn't a region though. It is a country, big difference
No they didn't
Being in the single market for one. Norway has to pay the EU for access to the single market, accept freedom of movement etc... All without having a seat at the table with zero influence.
They didn't. For starter it would be a bad thing for the Spanish fishing industry not having Scotland (and its vast waters) within the EU At no point did Spain say they would block Scotland remaining a EU member, believe me, I lived through the referendum
The euro is not a requirement, and the Spanish Government has never said it would veto Scottish membership. No idea why this myth still goes around.
Someone like Boris? Very good. I would imagine the Labour voters who put him into the position as leader care. Sinn Fenn power share in Stormont Scottish Government are already making plans to potentially hold a referendum. With the UK out the EU, Spain can easily but a blockade on Gibraltar, Which would fuck the place over. Starting. Still a long way off from yesterday. I do, I'm going to suggesting you don't understand the political system. Nobody from the Leave camp, nor any of it's backers (the one in Government and opposition parties) provided any plans or policies in the event of a leave vote, just rhetoric
Said it before Alec Peters has been trying to set this up as "us the real Star Trek fans" aka Axanar vs " Big bad evil studio, who hate the fans" Star Trek is global. People like me wont be paying CBS All Access simple because I'm not from the US I've just had a look, Axanar has had 2.3m views in almost 2 years, on the global scale of things, that is peanuts, small fry. CBS will still sell the show around the world. Alec Peters is deluded, I'm surprised his ego can fit in the studio door.
Off topic. I always thought that expression was totally out of character for Sisko, every time I watch Emissary it throws me when I see him do it.
They should just spawn at a random location and players shouldn't be able to pick up the token more than once a game. It's becoming unbelievable the amount of times I see the same players as multiple heroes during games.
I don't think it would be uncommon for a starship to undergo "sea trials" without be being fully equipped, I wouldn't think it would even be necessary to have a tractor beam or torpedos for a nip around the block so to speak. Having Kirk and the news team just comes across as nothing more than a PR stunt. The thing I struggle with the most is believing Starfleet had no other starship within the sector (its Earth after all!) and the Ribbon along with the El-Aurian ships managed to travel into the heart of the Federation without so much as anyone saying a peep.
Shout out to the sperm that won the race
To be fair, when he's coming towards you. Your only other options are to either, run away or let him kill you. You had no choice.
The guy is a tadger Just listening to him, blames everyone else, refuses to take any responsibility, can't understand why everyone else didn't unite under him. Sometimes I need to remind myself, Axanar is only a 20 minute short film.... He's talking about CBS buying Axanar and making millions from it.
I always felt the story and setting was a bit weak.
Bit random, but the one thing I really like about this film, was them ditching the bubble shield effect
Big Map - Easily Hoth, Just loving running about that map Worst. Endor. Don't get me wrong, it is beautifully done, but I really struggle to find my bearings in it, Sometimes I even struggle to see the walker
That is incredible to watch, but I would imagine utterly terrifying to be sitting in the thing at the time.
Yassss! Despite having them already on DVD or Blu-Ray. I'm just too lazy to go upstairs and grab a boxset.
I wish. Chances are it will be on Sky Atlantic.
TNG DS9 ENT VOY TOS If I had put them in order.
Why wouldn't the computer understand him? The world is full of regional dialects. I'm pretty sure anyone who can master faster than light travel can invent a computer that will understand different accents
To be fair, Battlefront 2 was a great game, it's easy to understand why you'd get excited
I'm pretty shocked the amount of guys on here that are expecting to pay for the meal/drinks in full. Every date I've ever been on, we have split the bill 50/50 without any issues
The line must be drawn here! This far, no farther!
Not to mention the money was also being used to start a for profit business. He was literally using the Star Trek brand to make money I don't think people would have such a problem with it, if this was a non profit fan film, With all donations going into the film.
He tried something similar here. http://www.dailyrecord.co.uk/news/scottish-news/tycoon-donald-trump-fences-off-home-1104665 Guess who ended up paying for it in the end? I'll give you a clue. It was Trump
Wait, you've seen a trail for Discovery? Please do share Guess it comes down to opinions, but from what I've seen of Anaxar it doesn't look anything special, looks more like a war film than a Star Trek show.
King of England. You know there isn't such a thing? Unless you are planning of traveling back to the 1600s
Union of the crowns 1603 say otherwise. The King (or queen) does not hold the title King of England.
Reminds me a lot like some of the station you'd find on the Glasgow Subway. Which ironically is nickname the Clockwork Orange due to its train being orange (plus it only has one line that goes in a circle)
What the Enterprise does in this episode is similar to what the Borg did in BOBW. Only 1 ship, pretty much capable of wiping out the "enemy" here
All the time, only because I find it more fun defending people than attacking them.
You just know if NI held a similar referendum to us, they wouldn't have every English MP and celebrity going over and begging them to vote against leaving the UK and how we are "Better together"
What difference does it make that his friend was Jewish?
Hurray..... We are fucked.
Behave.
England are our neighbours... not the UK government You do understand the difference? Next you'll be telling us having a go at Donald Trump is anti American. Hopefully you're just attempting to troll and failing badly here.
You've spelt it out rather well. You're a shite troll. We understand.
No mate. Just you. Horrific one at that, You sound like a VL
