Dying to know about your experience of this "church"!
Wait, what ? Why? What is the connection between drugs and restaurants?
Mute her. Unfollow or "hide all posts from ..." Options are your friends. Less pushback than defriending or blocking, same practical outcome.
Blocking her might have been the answer, that way you still see what your brother posts.
Report the post, mute the poster. Fuxking disgusting. Or retaliate in kind, send them (privatley) a picture of a shit you are particularly proud of, with a note about how you thought they would like it as they seem so interested in this stuff etc. See if they get the message then.
Flower of Scotland -- Scotland
Canada -- Fireworks, Tagically Hip If there's a goal that everyone remembers, It was back in ol' 72 We all squeezed the stick and we all pulled the trigger And all I remember was sitting beside you You said you didn't give a fuck about hockey And I never saw someone say that before
Australia -- Waltzing Matilda
You'd be a good parent then. My father would have laid waste to the little bastards. Only... One at a time, so they have time to get scared, and surreptitiously so it can never be linked it you. But, vengeance, yes.
You're in Sydney ?
Yeah that guy was not a friend, he was an asshole you knew once.
I loved you all right, just wasn't brave enough to say; I'd do anything for that time back so I could treat you better.
I really hope the heart attack didn't hurt for too long. I love you Dad.
Worst I ever heard: taking a girl to a porn theatre on a FIRST DATE. (Clearly this was years ago when they still existed.) Hope I don't have to explain why that was bad.
Well, my Dad would still be alive, so I guess I'd be grateful for that.
I very much want to track this guy down and give him a taste of his own medicine. With the right kind of wire and everything.
YOU CAN'T JUST SAY THAT AND LEAVE IT!! WHAT HAPPENED??
You had to get up at 4:30am? Blimey! Why? I know you said the commute was two hours, but if your school starts at 9am like most do, and your commute meant you had to leave at 7am... that's still 2.5 hours unaccounted for. Did you have early morning sports or some thing? Ice time and pool time can be scheduled pretty early I know, was that it?
Myself, miscarrying.
Did he think he HAD to join up?
What, really? You were asleep at the wheel *lucid dreaming*?
Ask people about their favourite subject -- themselves! Express interest, admiration, and enthusiasm (ideally these will be genuine) and Bob's yer uncle. It's not hard, most people are really quite interesting.
If it's happened more than once... Is there any possibility you could be bringing these monologues about by being TOO quiet? Some people are made nervous by silence and feel they have to fill it.
Wasn't this the kids show replete with drug references? Didn't the makers also come up with a series called Liddsville which was even worse? And lastly if I have the right series, didn't the main character who was only 12-15 when it was being shot, didn't eh age REALLY poorly and die at the age of 50 or so due to all the drugs? Edit: Jack Wild was 16 and 17 when he shot the series, although he played an 11-12 year old; also it was mouth cancer that killed him, which he maintained was the result of the alcoholism that plagued him from his teens. Aged terribly, and not just because of the cancer.
You kidding? It was only ever creepy pasta right? RIGHT?
Apparently Gene Simmons holds the copyright on the term OJ for orange juice, simply because no one had copyrighted if before he thought of it.
Bee tee dubs, your parents sound like bastards.
What a pair of cunts they must have been. No, what am I saying, cunts are *good*!
Holy fuck, where are these assholes getting the fucking nerve to say this stuff!
That wasn't what I said. If this was on a date, it's an opportunity for the two of them to get to know each other, so presumably, if she were interested in him, she might have stopped talking long enough to ask a question or two. If she NEVER directed the conversation to him, well, kinda looks like she didn't care about what he had to say. The other possibility is that he was *so* silent it unnerved her a bit; lots of people get scared by silence and might jabber to fill it. I mentioned that in a different comment.
got turnt with milk?
My old boss. That bitch made my life hell.
Alone in the office pretty late (things at home I was avoiding), pick up the phone to a woman screaming "you gotta help me!" Line goes dead.
"Proof" in this context means the test of something. The test of the pudding is in the eating ( which is the rest of the expression) meaning, whether it tastes good. Put it another way: the only way you can tell if a thing is good is by partaking of it and finding out.
Like taking candy from a baby... Wouldn't the baby scream it's fucking head off? Those critters are already incredible sound producers, and quite fond of their sweeties.
&gt; She would have been believed as a matter of course, I would have been imprisoned on her word alone, convicted on nary more than her say so, and thrown into a concrete box for a decade or more. This is a bizarre fantasy. It is not how the system works at all.
The bloke who stabbed you leg might have been going for your femoral artery. If he'd hit you would have bled out rapidly.
You know that many too, you just don't realize it (I'm assuming here you have female friends / relatives / women in your life.) It's really common, people just don't tend to talk about it and even then only in circumstances where they KNOW they won't be judged. Do you know four women? The estimate is one in 4 (or even one in 2!) is a victim of sexual assault at some point, so there you are, you know a rape victim. If you have a mom, Grandma, sister/s, favorite aunt, well based on the odds, one of them has been attacked. If you know 8 women, likely two have been sexually assaulted. Etcetera. Thinking about it like this might bring it home how shocking prevalent sexual assault is.
I'm sure you're right; was just responding to the ridiculous claim made above.
FYI you responded to different person than the OP; am pretty sure the OP is just trying to get a rise out of you anyhow.
You're right, sexual assault is not the same as rape, but then again sexual assault is rarely as mild as butt touching; if it were surely the figure would be 100%.
Nope, wrong. I heard about that study too, but this is a figure that predates that one.
You got it! No actual cats involved.
Now you're talking -- sounds fantastic!
It's almost like redditors think about sex all the time!
I'm so sorry for your loss; but yes, what a gift that is.
That's the kind of thinking I like!
SO hope you're kidding.
Also, it usually takes women longer, so you might want to start on her first.
She was a fuxking idiot yeah, I kinda thought she was an insulting take on a female character and set up the kind of dichotomy you used to get 20-40 years ago I.e. Woman is helpless/useless/active liability, man somehow overcomes her shit as well as the situation at hand to save the day. Pretty regressive actually. I wondered if she was meant to elicit a reaction from the men in the audience, you know, a bad one.
What, would he be able to give lessons in pussy-licking? Awesome! Always knew Jesus was my favorite hebe.
Nike?
No, and believe it or not, porn lied to you on that front (and others.)
Oh, gotcha.
Used a card catalogue in the library. Also understood the dewey decimal system, at least a bit, and got information out of encyclopedias. Computers existed, of course, and the library might have indexed much of its collection, but much else about information- gathering was analogue.
Word
That edit is a really good point and so very true.
That high self esteem culture thing has actually worked out quite badly for the poor feckers raised in it, who are coming into adulthood and the shocking realization that a lot of what they were told was a lie AND they are unprepared for life's ups and downs. Ironically, it leads to low self-esteem.
Nb the right *kind* of hard work, expended in the right way (because people who work shitty minimum wage jobs work plenty hard and it barely allows them the resources to live.)
Licking pussy is a rarity? Does that mean in your circles getting your cock sucked is also a rarity? Fair's fair.
So you're saying cocksucking *is* a rarity in your world? Perhaps if you were to lead the way to oral pleasure your fortunes would change.
That "If they don't fit/ you must acquit" mantra was bullshit then and it's bullshit now. There was no compulsion on the jury or anyone else to acquit based on that alone, which goes x1000 when you consider how the defence manipulated the situation ie getting him to stop taking his arthritis medicine so his joints swelled.
It sounded like you were saying giving oral to a girl is a rare thing, versus getting oral from a girl which is kinda taken for granted, therefore the girl would/ should be grateful. I'm saying that's not fair, if you don't give you don't deserve to get. What you wrote above, that "the average guy would not do" pussy-licking confirms my original interpretation ie that you think she should be grateful, because it's so rare for a guy to do it (?) Nb i explicitly asked if both pussy-licking and cocxksucking were rare in your world and was completely confused by the answer "If more women did that, men would be encouraged to up their oral game."
Apart from anything else, to my eyes it looks like they *do* fit.
Women of reddit who like to give blowjobs: there's been a lot of talk about the power you feel while doing it /from doing it; do you feel any actual *physical* pleasure from it?
So it's both a mental thing (the joy it gives *him*) and a physical thing ( it makes you wet) okey doke.
Oh, ok, makes much more sense.
Wasn't he still married to his first wife then?
Psst: ovaries *aren't* in vaginas. Look above the vagina (birth canal), above the cervix, and to one side of the uterus and there they are!
I'm So sorry you feel this way. What steps could you take to change it, starting now, or let's says tomorrow morning?
That's true of you and almost everyone else.
Ok what's the joke I'm not getting?
Yay you for making so much progress. And blimey, you sound like don draper! Is it cool to have wild times to look back on --- wild times that stand in such contrast to your current life? Or were those times so traumatic (running away hints at an unhappy family life; being a survival sex worker can't have been fun) you try not to think about them?
That's really smart. Will use.
There's a Hanukkah bear?
He might have been thinking to himself if that wretched conflict dragged on even longer, his adorable elementary school aged son would eventually been fed into the maw. You were 12 when it ended... Another 6 years of that quagmire and he might have been right.
Why? Why did she tell you this?
Jeeee-suz! So the female body *doesn't* shut that whole thing down after all?
My brother would do this when it came to cleaning out the Guinea pig cage; he said it needed "a woman's touch" [ rolls eyes ] since most of ours were female. I'd put perfume on the newspaper and everything. On I'm so sorry for the stink Bon Bon and Whiskers!
Not sure if you're kidding.
What the hell is he talking about?
You pregnant?
You sound like a wonderful dad. Your house must be filled with joy.
Pain? Suffering? What HAPPENED?
"Meet celebrities"? So there's even *more* to this story? Also how long ago was this? Were your parents looking for you? Did you ever reconcile with them, or let them know you're ok?
Right, because resources were scarce and if you missed out no one would care or notice, sounds rough.
I did not. Was being sarcastic.
You should write a book.
I'm not suggesting it was a *rational* fear, just the kind of fear a father might have clutch at his heart. I would, in his shoes. (Also, he had no way of knowing when the draft would end.)
Yeah I bet it would be challenging piecing it all together... but dang it *I* would buy that book!
What, young men could go off to war at 17 with parent's permission? Jee-suz!
Is this a thing for parents to lie about now? Why?
For the purposes of the movie they had to show *what* people died of, at least partly for shock value (i.e. that kid in 70's gear with the massive gunshot wound in his head, that had me sleeping with the light on for months.) People who die at peace probably have less to stick around for; like if you knew you had cancer or something you would sort things out with your nearest and dearest, and you might not be as confused as to whether you were alive or not as a sudden death might make you. (cough*Bruce Willis*cough)
THe fact that other people have it worse does nothing to alter this guys story. Also, it's the law, that minimum wage. They were breaking the law, to his detriment and apparently expecting him to go along with it.
What did they *think* they were doing? Did they think people were not generally aware of the minimum wage or what level it was? What did they think that you would have thought gave you a reason to stick around? Like, were they selling it to you as a management trainee position or something? Also, did you ever get paid for that shift? (Or, even better, did you don them in?)
You sound like a really good guy. Yay you!
You're right about the facts, but unpaid interns get exploited nonetheless. Also plenty of shady employers fiddle the system to get around it somehow.
Sorry if this is a dumb question, but where are these guys getting the money for blow? It sounds like a shitty job (no offence) Were they paid well? Also milking the clock for OT sounds like an ideal way of getting back at an employer you don't like so yay them.
That sounds awesome, you could read, draw, study, play guitar, apply for new jobs and get paid for it!
SEVEN trees? Are they all themed? Pic plz!
