I just finished watching it for the first time, holy shit, tell me he won something for that role.
Ya see? what did I tell you! :)
Caffeine is an indirect trigger of mine, as in, it leads to anxiety then to dpdr, not always, but it can... I'd suggest cutting back on caffeine and soda for your general health as well...
What's with those tracks at the bottom there?
Reminds me of this Eastern European cab driver I had once, the man reeked so bad of sweat I couldn't breath. Red lights were a nightmare, however once we were moving with the breeze it was barely tolerable. It was a long cab ride, $60-$70 if I remember, I didn't tip him shit.
Jesus Christ
Andy, our commutes are in your hands and you have butter fingers???
Go to Times Square and report back. They're everywhere.
What? They were Ford...
Eh, not really. The ones that are used around the world are much more simple and cheaper than the ones used in the movie... The tarted up, leather appointed luxurious ones used in the movies fetch upwards of $110,000 and were placed there for product placement more than anything...
That's not the issue. It was just too blatantly obvious they wanted advertisement.
She'll have a hard time getting citizenship in Canada don't worry
This is complete BS
I wouldn't be surprised if it was driven by a soccer mom trying to convince all her neighbors about the legitimacy of Arbonne products...
Exactly, the issue isn't speed, it's enforcement. There is nothing wrong with the 40/50 kph speed limit, it's the enforcing that is lacking, that and bozos who jaywalk and bozos who can't drive to save their own life
All the dashed lines mean is that you're allowed to cross them. You can't cross a solid line, not that anyone in this town cares. I sometimes think why we even bother with traffic laws at all... /s
Complain about what, exactly?
I believe Queen West/Kensington is a bit of a dump. OK, maybe not dump, it just could be better. I've encountered some true asshats there, moreso than other parts of the city. From randos on the sidewalk to incredibly arrogant and fairly rude restaurant owners. I don't find anything wrong with a delivery driver slightly blocking a bike lane and wished people would just get on with their lives and stop being so damn butthurt over it and just continue their ride/commute. As much as I like streetcars I think they hold up way too much traffic on streets where they don't have a dedicated line. I too would like trolley busses. I like driving downtown and absolutely hate the idea of the war on the car. There are too many industries that depend on car travel that are located downtown.
That's a bit extreme if I'm honest.
so what's your proposal then?
Yes, but make sure you have a transfer. Also, it doesn't work in the opposite way. Can I ask why you'd want to? It just seems like a bit of a hassle, unless you just want to avoid the crowd of the 196 ...
"Must also befriend a Jew" should be a requirement too
This is what happens when cousin Attila comes on holiday.
Although I do agree a large majority of the blame lies with the driver, Toronto's traffic signage is also overly complicated and too text-based in many circumstances. Take for example, the left turn restrictions signs that display a time period where you cannot make a left hand turn. I have good vision, and I struggle to squint and read the times displayed, making me sit in the middle of an intersection while I figure out if I'm allowed to turn or not. Why not just make the damn text bigger? or install those electronic "no left turn" signs at every downtown intersection? And here, instead of having another sign that says "left turn signal" why not just display a left arrow on the lens of the corresponding signal light? Honestly people are just confusing it for the transit signal probably.... Something like this even: http://i.ytimg.com/vi/0PtmBsmSQnc/0.jpg tl;dr Drivers are incompetent yes, but traffic signage is seriously outdated too
I'm not sure I follow ...
No no, what I'm saying is instead of the sign AND the corresponding traffic signal light for the left turn lane, they install traffic signal lights that have little "left turn" arrows for each of the colors. it's exactly like those green forward arrows you see on some traffic lights, except the arrows would be pointed to the left and there would be an arrow for the yellow and red light as well. Wouldn't that just be easier? And they can even have a light that permits U-turns. They're very common in Europe and much much easier to decipher when you're driving.
Is it just me or is his front tire flat as well?
Yes, we need these at every intersection where left turn restrictions exist. Those miniscule time schedules at the bottom of the existing signs are stupid.
Do you clean up after yourself at a restaurant?
That's quite a ride you had .. Wtf did I say now??? fuck me you people are sensitive
Oh don't worry, plenty of rapey rape and shenanigans going on with voice+text plans too
That's because the city is full of two types of bozos: Those who have absolutely no care for how to design a road system and just copy and paste the same design and intersection type everywhere, so of course people have no idea what the hell to do when they come across something like this. The bozos driving who treat driving like a secondary action after checking Facebook, texting, changing radio stations and what not. I've driven there, there's no god damn reason why someone who is paying attention and has half a brain can't successfully navigate around.
The picture in the list does not correspond with the car though. Pictured is a regular Volvo V70, but the car in question is actually the fairly rare V70-R (for the time rare, however now it's considered a "unicorn"). If you had one of those that would be really cool. Here's a picture https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/7/77/Volvo_V70R_AWD_%286073666554%29.jpg/1280px-Volvo_V70R_AWD_%286073666554%29.jpg
Not sure if you're kidding..
Wow, what a colossal cocksucker you are
Yeah they do, into their own lane. You don't get first pick at whichever lane you'd like.
God damn tarantula shit hawks
That's ironic considering how diluted it already is..
Take note Dean Blundell, this is a respectable radio host, not some dim wit making fart jokes on the morning radio show for 14 year kids you asshat
I still like Mark Tewksbury more
Story?
This is probably why they have Autoshare and Zipcar vehicles located in the parking lots.. And trust me just enrol one/your family members vehicles (because they need the ownership too for registration) and swipe the mirror pass for every car, the parking enforcement do not look up every pass number to make sure it's registered to the parked car, if it's there it's there, and they move on.
8 year olds dude..
46
What god damn cowards. Crimes like these are just the lowest of the low, fuckin' amateurs. I'm glad you're okay OP, it's just a damn phone life goes on, go hug your loved ones
Well there you have it
You just went ahead...and made a new streetlight? Probably not a good idea..
You are so smart
OMGOMGOMGOMG
I agree, they're stupid big and look goofy
$3.50
There is a difference between projector headlamps and HID. Projectors are just regular halogen headlights that use a projector housing similar to HID projector beams, in that you get the same "cut off" and a more defined "cleaner" lighting area. HIDs refer to the bulbs themselves which ignite xenon gas to produce a bright blueish white light, but the bulbs are also in a projector housing in order to not blind oncoming drivers and for the ability to swivel around corners and be able to automatically adjust (though these features may not be available on all cars).
Let the liquor do the thinking Rand...
What area is this?
He was someone's kid man come on...
The last real serious rape occurred in 2007, nearly a decade ago. There were never any "shootings", it was actually some degenerate's gun that went off and unfortunately struck a student, and I believe that there is a difference. York's small community feel is both a blessing and a curse. Everything is within walking distance and the campus is easily accessible by foot wherever you're going... However at night is becomes fairly desolate in some areas and can get a little quiet, hence why these muggings and sexual assaults occur; they are crimes of opportunity. Thankfully York has many options in place to not leave you waking around the campus late at night by yourself. Do I feel safe? Absolutely. Taking a look at the statistics it is no more dangerous than U of T or Ryerson. I believe the media is also incredibly unfair to York, and make it out to be some dangerous ghetto where people are always watching their backs and whatever else. It's actually a really nice place to be, especially in the summer. And I can also assure you 90% of the student population does not give a flying shit about all the political bullshit that happens on campus (Middle Eastern conflicts, etc) and are just there to learn and enjoy university life.
Unfortunately that statement is applied to many, many things around here...
poor cock sucker*
It's an SLK but no an AMG model, nor is it the generation you're thinking of. This one is the 2004-2007, most likely with a turbo four cylinder...I doubt it's the V6
I prefer "shit hawk"..
Well son that's a mere $45 million NOT going into the pockets of the filthiest richest men and women of RBC, and that my friend is simply unacceptable! /s
No...looks like a regular C Class ..maybe with an AMG kit
I highly doubt there have even ever been manual transmission police cars anywhere in the US/Canada..
Sure, but it was probably the best textbook I've ever had.
I was recently on vacation in Rome, where the federal government assigned armed military personnel to patrol EVERY subway station, and every tourist attraction day and night each with what looked like AR-15 rifles. It did not make me feel safer at all, in fact it was incredibly unnerving and quite saddening as well. They're useless against explosions anyway..but I guess if it helps some people feel at ease why not..
I admit it was more so unnerving. Reality really hit you know? This is what life is under constant terrorist threat, and thankfully we don't really see that here do we? And lets face it, they're useless against bomb attacks.
I thought it was CN Rail?
I'd really love to see GO operate more European coaches, maybe some Setras or Van Hools, but it's highly unlikely I guess...but those buses are really comfortable
I can assure you that "checklist" is not crucially mandatory. Every first year has to do some form of advising with an advisor just to make sure they're on the right track... That being said, pick the major you want to go in, and enrol in the courses required in order to get your 30 credits. Essentially you just need to build up your GPA so they have an idea of your standing when you apply to switch. If there's a lock on your account preventing you from enrolling, just call them and explain your situation, and don't worry, they wouldn't force you to stay in something and take courses you don't want/need. You're gonna be fine! :) PS Keep your patience and be respectful/nice to whom ever you talk to in terms of switching. You hear many stories of people getting "York'd" but the admins deal with some huge asshats as well. Being courteous goes a long way.. Good luck
Assuming you're referencing a merging lane... If drivers used both lanes equally you would not have a "slow lane". It is called zipper merging, it's efficient and moves both lanes at fairly equal speed without causing monumental backups and frustrations. And not to mention it's still a lane of traffic until it ends its not as if they're overtaking on the shoulder..push "kindness" aside and follow the rules of the road, it's the fairest way. What I personally hate are those asshats who cross over from the far right lane onto the parallel on-ramp lane in heavy traffic to merge in front of everyone.
I look forward to the day when people will stop posting these fucking photos. This will ALWAYS happen, regardless of what you cry about, idiots will be idiots. Move along and get on with your day already.
Haha don't worry of course they will..
It's just a shit post. I hate these "jokes". In their close minded heads people believe just because *they* haven't personally encountered something that it automatically translates to "DAE REMEBER THIS??!?". Plenty of damn schools still use overheads, and even Smartboards and individual laptops/tablets were introduced over a decade ago, it's nothing "new" and "groundbreaking"... You're not old if you're in your 30s ffs All that's changed for me personally has been the introduction of more cloud based/paperless classes, were small quizzes are done online and assignments submitted electronically, and of course online textbooks...but who knows how far back this goes back too...
I've been there for 6 years, and I've only made friends with/ group members with good hard working students. Yeah a few were annoying but all in all the vast majority of the students there want to excel and work together, you're in it together so make it worthwhile. If you're a good hard working person you'll find that you'll attract the same crowd.
You laugh, but having that attitude is just as bad. A lot of laws and regulations passed in Canada and North America seem to only come about after tragedies and injuries occur, which is both incredibly unsettling and dangerous. We don't seem to plan and think to avoid said accidents before they occur, only afterwards, which by then we've already lost a life or two. Case in point, a few years ago a cyclist was trapped underneath the wheels of a truck because side skirts were never mandated on large trucks to prevent the very accident that took the soon-to-be mother's life. In many parts of the world, it is unthinkable to design such a large vehicle with such an obvious safety flaw. It made the news, Wynn made some half-assed promises, but nothing ever came from it. I guess sadly enough it'll take a few more serious accidents/deaths before we realize "oh wow maybe we should've thought about this a little better ffs". Another example was Lac Megantic, because of the ancient safety "technology" in use throughout the industry. We bitch and moan about wasting tax dollars on needless precautions but I guess to some the risk is worth it to some until it isn't anymore...sad isn't it
*No talking!!!*
FWIW those yellow lines in the road are mere suggestions, which I find incredibly stupid but still..only solid white lines are lines you cannot cross but nobody gives a flying F about those either.
I find in any major city the bus terminals attract..."interesting" characters..
Absolutely, but it's stupid in the sense that if you hadn't been there, he/she wouldn't be breaking any laws. In Ontario it only breaks the law when you dangerously overtake, which is often left to the discretion of any officer that may have witnessed you. I find it leaves way too many open ends, and instead they should either paint the lanes white or change the laws on yellow lanes.
Agree 100%, I visited a few coastal towns on the Amalfi Coast in Italy and now I see what "catch of the day" really should mean, as in alive in the morning and on your plate by mid-day. Fresh and simple, exactly how I love seafood but I understand if others have other tastes.
Yeah really, some regulations are so idiotic for no good reason, like give it a fucking rest already
Holy shit please no. They just voted to stay, they'd be incredibly stupid to leave, with their industry of what...asbestos?
*Boy just who do ya think you're talking to.*
Too many markings? I don't think so. You wouldn't need any signs. I'd hate to do anything like the US to be frank. I'm all for more symbol based signage FWIW. But anyway it could be: Double yellow= Do not pass Dotted yellow= Pass when safe to do so (I honestly have no idea what single yellow means lol) Or we could be like much of the rest of the world that uses white lines only. Have you ever noticed we have both yellow and white lines? Talk about confusion.
Just don't eat, that way to make sure you don't ingest *any* pesticides!
Between Finch and the 401 on the southbound lanes... I made a post a few weeks ago saying how incredibly dangerous that area is especially late at night while cars fly by at highway speeds as others sit still to enter the 401 lanes because of construction...I pray this wasn't the scenario, but it wouldn't surprise me if it was. Like too many incidents, laws and regulations only change in Ontario once lives are carelessly lost. May they rest in peace.
There's no way. 1% of the global population is about 70,000,000. A recent study stated that about half of Americans make less than 30k a year, and with the population of the US being ~320 million, you're already over the one percent of the global population making more than $30k, and that's the US alone. In any case I'm sure it's not a large number, but it's definitely larger than 1%.
I want to see more warning signs in the area. The highway lane dividers (that divide the respective exits to the 401 east/west and Black Creek) need to be brought MUCH further out into the ending lanes of the 400. I'd like to see large signs that state the highway is ending because in fact it is and people need to be slowing down. Speed reductions to 70-80 km/h posted with large signage, preferably illuminated as well. Rumble strips too. Solid white lines to defer lane changes as you're approaching said exits... I'm not saying implement ALL of these, but currently there is virtually no warning stating that traffic could suddenly stop dead. That corridor is beyond dangerous Example of illuminated speed signs (though I'd also like to see Canada adopt the UN international Convention on road signs though that's highly highly unlikely and not the point here :)) http://l7.alamy.com/zooms/85eb4af5f16a4e31bd8f5fdc1fca224f/illuminated-speed-limit-sign-against-clear-sky-fbmddx.jpg
I agree and disagree with your post. I'm sure the construction companies can only do so much to keep everything safe, but the MTO NEEDS to redesign that entire stretch....it's severely flawed as is. And yeah, people are stupid too.
I love that location. You don't have to worry about parking, and the lines are hardly 5 people long if that. It sucks (not for them i guess) if they're ever at Evergreen and they run out of ice cream at like 1 or something..
And most likely completely faded/deteriorated by now
"75k beamer"
The heater is used to regulate air temps quickly while still circulating air, I've never felt the heater running on its own in the summer. Seriously, people take many of the good things of the TTC for granted. Good thing we have air conditioned units, unlike Montreal, or ventilated, cool stations unlike Montreal or NYC. Or that our busses are clean and actually have AC. I went to Rome a while ago and had to endure an entire bus ride FULL of people (I'm talking sardines here) in 30 degree weather where the dipshit driver didn't want to turn on the AC because of his own comfort. It was beyond horrid. I'm surprised no one fucking fainted. Not to mention the BO. To this day I'm still happy temperatures are regulated by a separate system and not up to the driver. I still honestly have yet to ride a transit system I wholeheartedly like better than the TTC.
...what? First off your response needs a look over because it's pretty vague. Secondly I never stated we shouldn't complain or " discuss it". I was merely stating my own experiences with transit systems in major cities around the world, and that they each have fairly large downsides as well.
This really is a special place isn't it
I mean, how is one supposed to know if their home is at risk of exploding?
*And then there was Lac Megantic*
Oh yes you can, which is why you see it happening so much nowadays. The FAA currently does not keep track of where airlines send their planes, only that the work is supervised by an FAA certified mechanic, and then the entire plane is cleared by an FAA mechanic and airline inspectors. Because there are upwards of 700 repair hangers throughout the world and the FAA is severely underfunded, they simply don't have the ability to be able to supervise them all and ensure everything is done up to par. This leaves it all up to the airline who unfortunately as we all know does everything by the lowest bid. Such is life. But then again, a plane crash is in nobody's best interest at all. Source: http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=113877784
Not enough "suka blyaaaaaaat!!!!"
My god what a spectacularly English response. Bravo
