It also helps negate the murder hobo mentality by disincentivizing combat as the solution to every problem.
Another answer: lots of things. As Dan Savage put it. There is no "one" for everyone. Maybe a 0.65 and a rounding error. Poly can hep fill in the parts of your needs and desires your primary partner cannot.
Yes/No, it was when he was interviewed on Star Talk.
Paid off Telus, picked up a 2 year old flagship (Note 2) for $120, and now I'm with Wind in Edmonton. Coverage is decent and speeds are less than stellar, but $45/mo for 10GB before throttling is pretty sweet.
This was a few months ago when I was unaware of the ruling unfortunately. Almost $200 per phone, but switching has already paid for itself. Phone bills dropped by $100 between two phones.
Because the art team and development/design team are the same people.
So instead the burden is shifted to employers and insurance companies. Someone will pay no matter what, it's just a matter of moving some numbers around. What reason is there for the government not taking care of dental and vision that makes it distinctively different than regular health?
Actually, there is a worksheet from the same homeschooling package they teach their kids with that details how if you are abused that it's probably your fault.
Isolation is abuse 101. Whether you continue this relationship out not, I'd suggest reaching out to the community anyways. Better now than 6 months down the road.
Wizards are by definition more versatile and more powerful. They get scribe scroll for free, spells a level sooner, and the ability to learn every single spell available to them. Sorcerers just have less bookkeeping.
So give the book to the fighter between rests. And what is your best spell at level 3? 5? Every odd level you'll be significantly less powerful than your intelligence based counterpart. Not to mention qualifying for prestige classes a level later.
Not enough medioclorians
Yeah, these are development screenshots when it was still using WC3 code.
I'm pretty happy with Wind. Certainly not the fastest and I only have data in the city, but that sweet sweet $45 bill.
&gt; So Nintendo treating their gamers like retards again... No, it's called good game design.
New band name: Tectonic Gays
Why would they do that, and has there ever been a case of a large American city doing this?
Yeah, I stopped listening to his podcast after one episode went something like this: - HBM and 300 series, meh - 980 Ti, THIS IS LITERALLY THE BEST THING EVER
No, but if you listen to the actual podcast they are very very biased and will display anything from AMD consistently.
What you need to do is remove the negative connotation that comes with bring weird. All "normal" means is average.
I wrote this guide for /r/buildapc a while back. The case suggestions are a little dated, but the rest of the guide is still very relevant. https://docs.google.com/document/d/1iKFOgGjTCKJn9sYklPtAqUFCaQb_j4ySs-W6q8PMhzM/edit?usp=docslist_api
This is all great as long as you remember that this one quirk in your character is not their single defining characteristic. Everyone in the world has dreams, desires, goals, fears, anxieties. Let your magic denial come out when it makes sense, but the more you shove it into the spotlight when it's not the right time, the sooner you and your fellow PCs will tire of your character.
No, we just need to realize that threatening companies bottom lines means they won't get to donate as much. For example, the stollery may receives less funding.
When you're competing with free, you need a hell of a lot better business model than HBO currently has.
GARROSH, DO YOU EVEN LIFT?
Only serves the US, more expensive than Netflix for a significantly smaller library, and up until recently only available with a TV subscription. I'm not going to pretend piracy is justified in any way, but I'm not willing to fork over more money when I already have a Netflix subscription and my $3/month VPN + popcorn time gives me the same quality of service. If the world was already a moral bastion, piracy wouldn't exist in the first place. Obviously people already have no qualms with pirating, so simply telling them not to or punishing them for pirating is like telling criminals not to crime. You need to address the root of the problem, which is the fact that piracy offers a better product at a better price with the additional cost of an insignificant amount of guilt.
I think they've already made a reputation of being exclusive. They'll need a big PR push to get the word out there that it works on more devices and without a tv subscription.
Google play music ended my music piracy days. Steam ended my gaming piracy. Netflix ended my tv and movie piracy (sans Game of Thrones).
I neither feel like shit nor need your respect. If a show that costs that much to produce fails to turn a profit because consumers are unwilling to pay the price they are demanding, then so be it. That's how capitalism works.
In a capitalist utopia, no. In the real world, yes. Theft, crime, and piracy can't be ignored when modelling real world economic situations.
Correct. Piracy is illegal and immoral, but so is jaywalking. Wiggle your finger and tut all you like, it won't go away.
Ultimately, piracy lives in the crossroad of "I want this" and "I don't want to pay for this". Granted a lot of people want things they don't want to pay for and yet they won't steal a car or kill someone for their wallet. The only thing keeping people from crossing that road is their own sense of morality or fear of retribution. Since prosecuting pirates is so difficult and the crime is fairly harmless, many people have no problems with it. The trick is getting pirates out of the "I don't want to pay for this" camp. The only way to do that is by offering a better service and putting it at a price point that makes sense.
There are such things as healthy, sexless, romantic relationships, but they're in the overwhelmingly vast minority.
By the tone of the post, it seems more like she told him rather than discussed
Yes. I have a good friend in that situation.
Because he knew precisely what he was getting. You don't go to a restaurant, order a hotdog, and complain that you wish you ordered a hamburger. You don't buy a base trim ford focus and turn around and complain about not having a sunroof and touchscreen navigation. There is literally no deception at all from Blizzard. All the information regarding the skins were a google away. Either the person bought them without looking them up first (their fault), didn't understand what came with them (again, their fault), or disregarded the information and hoped there was more (still their fault). Blizzard has not earned a single iota of flak being sent their way by this abhorrently entitled and whiny community.
I tested this one for a bit tonight and am absolutely in love with it. https://hearthstats.net/decks/starter-priest--9/public_show?locale=en Of course I added a few of my own doohickeys. Dr. Boom, Harrison, and a few others.
Patron is dirt cheap.
&gt; He went to a restaurant he knew had terrible hot dogs, and he ordered an hot dog hoping it wasn't terrible since it was expensive. The thing is, the hot dog was terrible and expensive. How the fuck can you possibly make that out to be the restaurant's fault? Especially if you already know precisely how the hotdog tastes beforehand. That's called being a retarded consumer and the purchaser deserves to be parted with their money before a nigerian prince comes along.
People who complain about top tier decks either don't play them or haven't adapted their deck to deal with them.
Yeah, it gets away from the very combo reliant standard priest tricks and seeks to deal with the aggro meta in a more direct way. In 5 face and mid-range hunter games I won all 5 around rank 9.
Poe's law works in reverse too.
No reason to be hostile. It's just another point of data to consider. Probably that minorities are typically poorer and less educated.
I feel like he adds to the discussion in the same way the WBC adds to a gay pride parade. That is, he doesn't. It gives us all something to sneer at while at the same time weakening the positions of those who happen to agree with him when he deliberately insults other users and rants with RANDOMLY capitalised WORDS.
If you had read the original post, you would understand that this has nothing to do with his opinions. I'm asking for the mods to consider banning because he is insulting, derails discussions, and is generally a negative influence on the subreddit as a whole.
Because there is no need at 4k
Free speech is all about government censorship. As a non-governmental entity, we have free reign to limit speech in any way we see fit. I believe eliminating the sort of discussions (vitriolic arguments) that TexasNorth causes is good for the subreddit. Again, nothing to do with his opinions, just his behavior.
I feel like the revamped MC was more of a "Are you sure you want 40 man raids again?" thing.
Read the post again. This has nothing to do with his opinions and everything to do with his conduct.
Yeah, it really isn't. There are a few areas to avoid, but those are all over the city. 118 ave, Bonnie doon, etc.
Do you believe his conduct is affecting the subreddit in a positive and constructive way?
Congratulations for both not reading my post and proving yourself to be a douchebag.
And why would processed and refined be any better or worse than not?
Turn off motion blur if you have it on. It's completely retarded to have anyways.
it'll impact performance regardless, and I find it distracting and disorienting in most action games. Not to mention unnecessary because each frame is rendered and you don't need it for motion to look smooth like in 24 fps movies
It's probably more of a social thing than a church thing.
I don't think you understand. Motion blur is used in movies to trick your brain into thinking the 24 fps produces smooth movement due to how we stitch together each frame in our mind. Because most PC games should be running near 60 frames per second there is no need for motion blur. Especially since we move around much more erratically than a panning shot of an action sequence motion blur just makes a mess of everything.
Don't sell it here. People are generally much more savvy. You might have better luck on kijiji where people might be willing to pay more for the alienware name
A nocebo caused by someone believing they are exposed to EMR*
Spotted the paladin player.
Affect* Affect = verb Effect = noun
That sounds super cool. Have a link?
I think they should fall under the same rules as the rest of society, not be given anything. If the people in that culture want to preserve it, it will be preserved. If not, why force it?
Dan Savage put it the best way. There is never any such thing as a perfect match for anyone. You can find someone else that you are reasonably close to , but will never exactly just the way you are . As you bump and grind against each other in the relationship you will wear down the softer edges and change to fit your partner. But once you get down to the harder part of who you are it will either take more grinding or you'll have to break the relationship off because you aren't willing to shave off those parts of yourself. There is no one for everyone just a 0.65 and a rounding error
Your opinion is popular, and you're a swell guy.
As an electrician, if I showed up to work with these I'd be fired. [This](https://www.kleintools.com/sites/all/product_assets/resized/220x220/klein/11055.jpg) is all you need.
For me, it's all about speed. I could strip 3x the wires in the same time the stripper in the OP could.
Rewording both cards to make more sense: Spiked Armor - When your hero is attacked deal ~~2~~ this weapon's damage damage to that minion and reduce durability by 1. Loyal Bodyguard - When an adjacent minion takes damage, deal damage to this instead. Slightly changes the effect, but more more simple.
Yup. I got that, the blue one in my pic, and a pen tester combo for $40 at Home Depot the other day. Really pleased with myself.
The way I interpret it, the animal focus ability triggers when you have a dead animal companion. It would not stack with itself for multiple dead companions. However, if you had 1 dead level 1 companion and 1 live companion, it should trigger that ability.
Why would it be interpreted in another way? The condition of having a dead animal companion mentions nothing about multiple companions, so why would it allow you to stack the effect on itself with a single condition being met? Plus, any GM with a pulse would fiat that out of existence in no time
"It's hard, so we're not going to do it."
Nonsense, obviously you'd be idiotic to try to just copy and paste the exact wording for traditional marriage and apply it to polyandrous marriages. You'd have to give then their own category along with all the legal protections and benefits of regular marriage in addition to the possibility of transitioning from a 2 to 3+ person marriage. Hard? Of course. Impossible? No. And your "pointless" comment is entirely insensitive to those who have been living a polygamous life, but are unable to find the same legal safeguards despite the desperate need for them.
The point? How about when a close friend of mine lost his daughter because of the lack of poly marriage? He was in a triad (3-person relationship) with another man and woman. They had a child and neither man signed the birth certificate because they didn't want to know whose it was. When the girl was 4 the mom passed away and the daughter went to her ultra conservative parents instead of the legal father. He's been fighting for almost two years now for his daughter. That's fucked up. Just because you fail to understand the need didn't mean there isn't one. It comes down to WAY more than just property.
Again, all of those are difficult questions, and ones meant to be answered by people far more versed in marriage law than you or I, but none of them are impossible to answer.
Triple monitor, SSD OS drive, RAID 0 SSD game drive, a blue, brown, and buckling spring board... I fully concur.
It's all games that I don't care if they get wiped. The only folder there I care about is my WoW mods that get backed up to my other RAID1 set. Plus, SSDs are reliable enough that I don't need to worry.
I build computers semiprofessionally. So many zip ties, cable clasps, and Velcro straps.
The SI-7 Agent says "Hah. This guy's toast." when he enters play. It sound like he's saying "disguised toast"
You can be they perfect parent all damn day, and still not have complete control of a teenager.
Question: do seasonal cubed powers transfer to non-season when it ends?
None. They take their cut out of each fare and that's it.
Good luck getting one new years eve.
Alas just the one. We also have a cat, 6 fish, and a frog.
I only really got into the game when 4e launched and only played 3.x a few times before that. After a few years I got into 3.5 and now Pathfinder. The best way I can articulate the problem with 4e is where the focus of the books is. It becomes obvious that 4e trends towards the arcade combat type given how much space in the rulebook is dedicated to stats and numbers, with each power having barely more than a sentence dedicated to the flavour.
Eidolons were insanely overpowered, and there's no consequences for charging them into a fight because they regenerate a basically no cost to the summoner whatsoever. That's on top of then putting out pretty insane damage numbers with pounce, multiple limbs, etc.
Replays are all saved if you enable it.
There are far more people partying new years eve than there are sober drivers. That's why cabs make bank that day. It's not as simple as just "planning ahead".
This is completely unrelated to the topic at hand. Take your MRA bullshit elsewhere until it's relevant to the conversation.
When is religiously motivated, yes. A single instance is a crazy outlier, but a systematic problem spanning many women demonstrates that the conditions in that country lead to what is currently happening. Catholicism is what caused it, so we're discussing it on a board largely dedicated to the criticism of religion and the promotion of atheism. Your comment was entirely off topic. This has nothing to do with men's incarceration rates in the United States.
To the layperson, consensus is the only thing they can turn to for truth in advanced fields. Most people simply lack the training to examine and analyze data and therefore rely on the opinions of those who can.
Pathfinder introduces the Azatas, a race of what seems to be a cross between angels and fey. They're all about freedom and happiness and love. Super hippies basically.
Murglish is the official name for the language.
Not just "people". Chris Metzen. The lead designer and voice of thrall.
You expect far more than the average person can deliver. I spent 5 years in post-secondary sciences and most of the stuff i see in journals and such goes way over my head.
Why not try a lossless merge, then convert to VBR after the fact? Also, try to do a blind test with yourself between the lossless and lossy files. Many times I've seen audiophiles claim a track to be inferior because they thought it was lossy when in fact it wasn't.
Sounds like you didn't watch any tutorials. It's a simple case of RTFM. Or in this case WTFV.
Ah, the good ol' "if you're not with us, you're against us".
By the strictest definition, it's not. However, it's close enough to the interests of those that post here to be relevant.
The upvotes don't.
