With all the salads now, instead of just stacking ingredients on top of each other, they will be arranged on the perimeter of the salad like a [painter's palette (term used in official materials)](http://static5.depositphotos.com/1027218/433/v/950/depositphotos_4330040-Painters-palette.jpg). The chicken will be diced into 12-16 pieces instead of 4 strips. Bacon bits for the ranch salad are discontinued, although stores will have stock to last quite a while (assuming /u/TehWildMan_ doesn't accidentially drop a cambro full of them). Instead, 3 halfs of bacon will be used, torn into bite-sized chunks on table. This solves a problem where bacon bits were often held at room temperature for days before being used on salads. Table assembly is simple. I am not sure on the exact portion sizes, but our store is using two rail-spoons of the asain veggie blend, and roughly 8 orange slices, along with the diced chicken. EDIT: Forgot that an orange glaze will be applied on the chicken. The stock dressing is a mcdonalds-exclusive packaging based off Newman's Own Sesame Ginger, and sliced toasted almonds are included with the salad.
HDMI over gelatinous fruit.
It could be that the register does not have a valid price for a 20nugg2meal large size. At our store, that was (no longer offered) a promotional deal, and the price for the large version was 99.99$. The 20piece meal for one follows the same pricing rules with other value menu items.
Oh hey there fellow 60s.
Save it for when you will need it. You will know when the time comes. These flipcards are extremely rare, but very powerful.
For happy meals, its a small coke "only ice", which we all understand as a cup of water. Otherwise, just break the meal into components and punch in a water.
Tradition, although the registers did allow waters as HM drinks for a year and a half.
Almost as if a grey had intentionally donated a white account with the intention of single handedly ending the button.
Saw it in florida, not sure if it is just a mocha frappe with oreo crumbles, or something new entirely, but excited to see it at our store soon along with frozen lemonades.
I clocked out as soon as I had finished everything I was responsible for. Grabbed a tea and went to the crew room. On the way there, I noticed the bun rack was half-empty. *Crap, I forgot to pull buns*
At least you got overtime. Since I only work 4 shifts/week, that 13 there will probably won't yeild. And even if it did, I am pretty sure someone will "accidentally" screw the time punches, preventing overtime from kicking in (from experience, missed hours payments are ridiculously difficult to get at overtime rates).
Better solution: glyph hacking could have the possibility of returning multiple/duplicate keys.
Our store does a 2/3day orientation program, but the latter days are spent with a few hours on the floor.
Sounds like every organic chemistry test ever. Forgot to study after working a long shift the day before, felt like I didn't know anything, still made an 83. My worst test of them all, but still not bad.
Our kitchen and walk-in has a diamond-knurled-like pattern which helps, but only to a point.
Sexy cashless terminal (although it lacks a pedestal), does it handle NFC and/or chipcard payments? interesting idea of putting the changer on the top shelf. I usually set up with the changer against the wall, the Cashier Pos parallel to the back wall, OT Pos facing me and angled, and the printer wedged betwen the changer and Cashier. I call it the "commander" setup, but battle-station works as well.
As a regular crew member, I don't get enough time on that computer to investigate it, much less extract it.
For anyone curious: Usually, only one of the two POS terminals has a cash drawer. That one can be configured as a dedicated casher (can insert orders, but they have to be cashed immediately), hybrid cashier/OT (can take orders normally and store them), or dedicated OrderTaker. The configuration is done at the time of cashier login. OP's is set up as a dedicated casher (lack of a "reset selected cod" button) Also, about the menu layout, it appears to be standard with no Southern Chicken sandwich, and powerade/lemonade fountain drinks. The colored buttons are probably the sirloin burgers.
Its possible if you wish for the crew member to be pouring 335 degree oil on his hands.
Its also similar to McDonalds makes tea. 4lbs sugar, 4 gallons water, 4oz tea bag.
Ever since their own alternative (CurrentC) proved itself to be vaporware.
Oh holy mother of pelikan nibs. But fortunately, [The Goulets posted a video for this exact situation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zpnt18qqrPM) Skip to 1:20
The best part of ACBB is that it can be diluted to hell and back and still be a rich black with a green tone.
Some franchise got upset at the burger king next door.
Placing meat is the hazard under my managers procedure, which for grill crew who place patties two at a time, requires the two patties being placed simultaneously to be vertical. Like this. 4 2 4 2 3 1 3 1. That pattern essentially requires one arm to be above the other when placing patties. As a taller person, there is a lack of vertical space to avoid the uppers when placing the back pairs. I have always used the following pattern, despite for being written up numerous times and suspended twice. 4 4 3 3 2 2 1 1
Three platten grills have the same lower grill area size. The plattens are thinner ,but extend farther out by a few inches, and each platten can comfortably fit a 2x4 grid of 10:1. The back of the plattens are at a lower elevation on the 3s when open, and there is little room for error in placement.
&gt; destroyed a good four to five sections of our home entertainment section In other words, the entire store?
A U.S Quarter. 4-year old me didn't understand money that well.
Personally, a double bacon clubhouse [burger] with 6 extra orders of bacon (21 half strips total).
Or "only ketchup" which imho is just as bad as plain.
Our store has numerous regulars ordering multiple small coffees with 10cream+10sugar.
Fucking campers.
It gets worse at our store: We only have 1 dt register with cashier functionality, located in back booth (The presenter registers can be logged into cashier mode, but can not do anything but recall/edit orders). FC has two functional registers. If lobby is open, if multiple cars are in drive, then the cashier has to run back every time to pay out orders. We recently had a brand standards visit. As expected, we were marked off for not having a cash-enabled presenter-booth register and a broken FC register.
But every organic chemist can fap to [this](http://2012books.lardbucket.org/books/introduction-to-chemistry-general-organic-and-biological/section_16/2ec91bbf743862995e7463c78beb8835.jpg) NSFW?
For a kid.
The size of the filet-o-fish has been changed a few times since it's introduction.
The ultimate orgy of organic bonding.
The General manager and Department managers, yes. Our third-shift manager at the McD's I work at is threatening of quitting if she doesn't get a raise above $9.25 by july. She currently makes only a little above $9/hr, and has been with the company for two decades.
And even better, it shows up to work within +/- 15 minutes of its scheduled shift on a regular basis.
The current cook time on frozen fries at McD's is 3:10 at 335F. Hash browns are 3:00 at 360F.
Filet-o-fish, when not on sale, is a challenge for our crew. Second shift has a nasty habit of cooking the patties in batches of 8-16 per tray, two trays in the cabinet, when only 1-2 are going out per hour. I personally instruct crew to follow the goddamn prep/VCMS charts (which give you an approx run size to avoid waste) or cook them to order during slower times. Completed filets also happens to be one of the most commonly wasted items on second shift. Go figure. These days, they are cooked at 350F for 3:25 if you are curious.
Watch_Dogs was actually playable.
Good luck with the foam cups. Sometimes our store runs out and customers get upset enough to demand refunded orders on the spot.
The twsbi vac700 comes close to the size of the 159. I used to own one and at the time, it was my favorite pen.
There are a lot of issues with the registers, although some (such as slowness or the 1-reduction and 0-promo rules) are a local issue. Our biggest complaint is the layout. The main lunch screen has a lot of wasted screen real estate, and is cluttered with discontinued promos. There are two pages for each the deserts and LSM items. All the items could fit onto one page per category, and could be labeled a lot better. Also, both categories are littered with discontinued items. Our registers have 4 pages for breakfast items, plus the lsm items on the LSM2 page. Most of these screens are full, but many items are broken (either inventory-wise or will prevent totaling) or discontinued. Drinks are also a mess. Even the sodas and teas are spread among many different pages. I could go on and on. NewPOS also lacks the ability to create seperate tickets on the same order, and taking large group's orders gets messy really quickly.
Our store stocked those bags years ago. Had a special designation like E-bag if memory serves. Perfect for breakfast platters and oversized lunch orders. I miss them.
How could you resist a surprise belly rub?
Out of curiosity, have you had any luck trying to use nfc tap/pay on your galaxy s3 with CM installed? I really want to change over to CM on my Sprint S3, but I have heard that HCE is not supported. I rely on google wallet too much to give it up.
I begin to wonder, has the Act actually changed anything at the retail/fastfood job level? Other than the available optional health benifits changing marginally, nothing has changed for me (full time worker).
It is [essentially] a continuous conveyor belt. At each end, it goes from vertical travel, around a curve, and back down in the opposite direction. To someone unfamiliar to how these work, suddenly going sideways might be enough to trigger a panic response.
Looks like it. Why some on would be carrying one with them to work is beyond me.
Even better: we flung piss and shit into earth orbit.
Very nice pens. The coloring on the pen body does have a tendency to chip/wear off (mainly at the ends). Also, consider avoiding lamy's EF nibs. I have a few Ms and Fs, and I have love[d] every single one, but I have yet to find a EF that works consistently well.
Most US debit cards are co-branded with one of the major credit networks (Visa and MC primarily). These cards can be run over their networks instead the debit card networks. In this case, the usual rules apply for verification/signatures, but for small transactions, the time spent verifying IDs or collecting signature isn't worth the time. The magnetic stripe does contain a small string of data which indicates to card readers if Pin/Debit should be used or is required. Some credit card reader setups (such as those at mcdonalds) will look at that string, and decide to run as credit automatically or ask the cardholder. Other readers will just ask every time, or automatically use pin/debit for large transactions if available.
What is this "butt to butt" extension you speak of?
Actually, the mobile pedestal is the official standard. Edit [link](http://imgur.com/sZEy5yc,SPSD10x)
Ill give you a hint. Cocks. Cocks fucking everywhere.
Refillable? As long as you have a bottle of ink and a pipette, you can just shoot up the cartridge or eyedropper them.
Tech required essays for spring 2016 transfer applicants. Prior to that they were optional.
When orders are taken by hand, the standard register-printed receipt will not be generated.
Duplicate comment. Please ignore.
This is the only correct answer.
Parking along centennial park drive is free, but very limited. I can't remember many others. Maybe home park? Another option is to park at a Marta station with parking spaces, and riding the train down to midtown or north ave. The cost of parking (free first day, $5-8 per day after) and a round trip pass ($5 plus $1 for a breeze ticket) may be cheaper than on-campus visitor parking. [More information](http://martaguide.com/parking/)
US corporate policy is to always ask by franchise name and to never imply gender. However, asking by toy franchise name rarely generates a response greater than "what" or "its a boy.". Especially when the customer leaves their disel engine on. As enforcement is generally very lax, most order takers, in the interest of speed, will ask by gender.
January is typically a lul for the big toy franchises, so distributing old leftover toys or using a less popular franchise is common.
Yes, although there is next to zero enforcement of this policy.
If anything, this was the most surprising part of the study.
THWG!
Support contracts. For an overburdened IT department, its a lot easier to let Dell take care of it when shit hits the fan on a new rig.
Streetcar time?
Murder city Murder.
And you can marry yourself, be your own children, and reap the tax benefits.
Suntrust sent me a card dated for 6 months. The old card had expired, and they intended [and did] send an EMV-compatible card a few months later.
When I started dual-enrolling my junior year of high school, I realized that nobody really cares if someone walks out between classes and drives off. If someone is near the door, just smile and wave.
Its rule #1 of food pans in resturants. When it comes to 9x4" pans (along with a few other sizes) you will always need N+X, where N is the quanity on hand, and X is some positive integer. Rule #2 is that any pan that is needed for something will always be incorrectly used for something else. This is ignoring the fact that the polypropylene pans in this size are dirt cheap.
And everyone forgets about Carlisle.
All of our pans were Carlisle (except vollrath for steel), but then cambro rolled out their polypropylene line, and we switched all of our non-heat pan purchases to them. Ironically, we have broken more polypropylene pans than polycarbonate.
Shredding hard drives? [There is literally a command for that](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shred_(Unix))
First shift generally has enough staffing to deliberately focus on keeping times low. At the end of 1st shift (generally 2pm), many employees leave with few to replace them. This rapid churn of employees disrupts production and service (drawer changes). Changeover (between 10:15-10:45, or 10:45-11:15 depending on changeover time) can slow to a halt if a heavy breakfast demand occurs, or if cashiers start selling lunch before breakfast is cleared out. In addition, changeover is often a break/shift-end time, which pulls employees off the floor when they are needed most.
Our store did 2 for $5 on [big mac or QPC and mcrib when available]+10pc+filet for the entire second half of 2015. A normal Thursday truck had 36 trays of big mac buns, and at least one case of mac sauce.
On a related note: Never trust co-workers or managers either. A few months ago, I was injured at work and did not return for over a week. Due to the nature of the injury, I could not gather my personal items. At the time, a Pilot VP, my phone, wallet, keys, and a flashlight were left behind in the employee storage racks. That afternoon, I called up and asked a manager to secure my possessions, fearing that they would be stolen or discarded. When I returned, I only found the keys. For the next few weeks, I checked local pawn shops and craigslist hoping that something would show up. My cell phone did eventually pop up at a local pawn shop. The other items were gone for good.
As long as the required courses are completed by the document deadline for the Fall semester (generally June 1), there will be no issue. However, you will be required to submit two transcripts: One with your application showing the courses in progress, and then another with the final course grades. If you are taking summer classes, a third transcript will be required after those are finished, but is not part of the application process. Also, you will not be eligible for the April 15 or May 1 decision dates.
OP's post indicates he/she is taking the two required courses (calc2 and phys1) along with two other courses (Orgo and PE). Summer courses (unless they end before June 1) can not be used for the Fall application process, but can be used as transfer credit once admitted. DiffEq is often required for RETP admission, but OP appears to be applying as regular transfer.
A line of defense to prevent bacteria buildup.
I recently switched from VM to Project Fi, along with upgrading phones from a Galaxy S3 to a Nexus 6. Its amazing. Sprint's network (which VM runs off of) is pretty spotty (or complete shit) in downtown and midtown. With Sprint and T-mobile combined, I experience far fewer drops in service. Plus T-mobile has coverage in MARTA stations, which is a huge deal. Considering I use ~1.5gb/month, I pay just about the same (when the phone cost is not factored in).
In passport, go to email preferences. Which option is selected under "email destination". If " an external email address " is selected, mail.gatech.edu may not work.
A plate of bacon wrapped pork chops, served with a glass of wine.
Even if they only included the calculus sequence and physics, it would still make a huge difference for those near the fence.
***PPEEEENNNIIIIISS*** Back to the thread, wtf?
The renovation/expansion of the student center is a necessity that can not be delayed much longer. Every single service that is offered there is overwhelmed and struggling to provide for our current student body. I do not think it's unfair to increase student fees to cover the project after it is already completed. And numerous other colleges have followed a similar process as GT regarding their student commons projects.
For back booth, if we needed a manager urgently, we would insert a skip car marker onto the screen and then pay it out immediately. Because our store has a zero void-order policy, and the fact a skipcar marker looks like a voided order, the marker causes managers to freak out and rush back there. Even in non-emergency situations, that method of obtaining a manager was a hell of a lot quicker and easier than shouting soo loud that lobby customers complain (which I was written up for once).
I remember a similar location (possibly the same) being roped off for some reason a while back.
IIRC for the 84 series, the mathprint OS update included an exam mode which disabled the use of programs and apps. To exit that exam mode, all you had to do was transfer a file to the calculator in exam mode. Which if someone had a cable and a second ti83/84, was trivial.
That's what we generally do for driveoffs, just take off what you can and promo it. However, voids on entire orders are to be avoided at all cost, even if it means cashing out and doing a refund (in the case of a partial payment).
I recognized that math teacher would potentially be a very reliable future reference, and she knew I was very strong with the calculators from a young age. That, and a thirst for some blood, led to that plan being born.
Or in other cases, a mechanical failure causes the platten to release early as a fail-safe, or an uneven load is placed on the grill (two patties stacked), or an inadequate time/temperature/gap setting is used. There are many potential causes of an undercooked beef portion.
No US mcdonalds, franchised or not, has the authority to make significant changes to core menu items.
I took it as an chem elective. Seriously considering bailing out of there if the other options look better. Might as well wait until the drop day.
MoSE and skilles buildings are a fairly long walk (practically impossible) for the 10 minutes given between classes. I could barely manage to get between the basement lecture hall to a Klaus classroom in that time. Same applies for howey and the couch building (which is in west campus right?). Space that schedule out. (Or just drop that econ)
Looks like OP is just pointing out that his local rail transit line has cars designed for cyclists, which is pretty damn awesome compared to standing with your bike in a luggage/wheelchair bay (cough cough atlanta).
