I don't know if it's the same stuff, but while working at a factory over the summer to help make some money during my college years I had a horrible experience with yellow paint. "Safety Yellow" it was called, and our job was to paint things around the plant that needed to be safety yellow. Doors, poles, rails; whatever. That paint... I literally don't know what it was made of. It was thick, and somehow sticky. Not sticky like you'd expect paint to be, but rather tacky. It seemed when it dried on literally any surface except the surface we were supposed to be painting it would not actually try, and the shit was like glitter. No matter what you did, no matter how hard you'd try to clean it off, if you got any on your hands or a finger or a few spots on your shirt it *would* find it's way, streaked onto your phone or your wallet or pop up on your steering wheel in your car and always magically end up on your skin in the shower two days later. For four years I worked with that shit, and I hated every second of it. Give me the red paint for the heavy fire doors, or the blue paint for the walls, or even the fucking silver and tar paint on the roof; anything but that goddamn yellow paint. Shit was sentient and chaotic evil.
I think (or at least hope) that Bungie has it set up this way so that everyone gets a chance to play through the bosses. So for example, I'm lvl 33 and didn't care to try Qodron last week because I didn't want to deal with fighting him at 1 lvl higher. But now this week I can get a taste of what other players did last week, though it's not as difficult. So in theory, next time Qodron comes around the rounds will be different.
Exactly what I call it, too. "Blue people avatar" or "blue avatar."
PULL!
While I appreciate your criticism and opinion, I have one question; what is the legality of posting Wizards' material online? Games Workshop, for example, is extremely strict about the stats and rules of their games being posted for others to see, and very quickly shuts down any attempt at making them publicly available. So, would Wizards care if I posted the brown dragon from 4e to use as a reference?
Perhaps it was just described as a "green skin woman alien" or something, and the assumption later on is that she must have been a Twi'lek? Idk.
I was really hoping that not only was it like this, but that the SSGSS color were based on the mixing of their ki. So, SSGSS Goku would be orange (red god ki, plus yellow SS ki). SSGSS Vegeta would be green (blue go dki, plus yellow SS ki). Ideally I'd want Vegeta's ki to be red as well, so it doesn't get crazy, but when I saw the blue form this was the best I could hope for. Very disappointed it didn't go that way. As /u/Saratje points out, the golden hair is iconic and now it's basically gone.
You may have convinced me to go Eldritch Knight/Wizard instead of pure Eldritch Knight. The only problem is that I would still want heavy armor because I just like the idea of it, but that way with plate armor and Shield I can be running around most turns in combat with 23 AC.
Hey /u/ItsADnDMonsterNow, what do you think of my [ancient brown dragon stat block](https://jvhageshii01.files.wordpress.com/2015/06/brown-dragon-stat-block1.jpg)? Converted it from 4e and tried to put it in line with the other chromatics from 5e.
Just remember that even a contract can be made null and void if it includes clauses that the courts would fine "unreasonable and that no reasonable person will agree to." It's why you can't stick things like "legally required to sell your first-born child to us" in an iTunes Terms of Agreement.
*1,500 GP, but the point stands.
If the cleric keeps "nearly dying" then perhaps this isn't as terribly unbalanced. The tank is supposed to tank. One thing the DM could do it introduce a few monsters that can get rid of the cleric for a turn or two. Fear him, restrain him, stun him or blind him; whatever needs to be done that just gets the cleric off to the side for a bit. Then the monsters in question can try to focus on the rest of the party. On top of that, focus on more lower CR monsters rather than one or two higher CR ones; more bodies means that the PCs have to spread their damage around. That was the first thing I noticed; all of your examples show the party against one creature; it's natural that it could be burned down quickly because there are four people tearing into it at once. But if there were three creatures; well now damage has to be spread around a bit; they'll either down one very quickly, leaving the other two to act, or they'll do a bit of damage to all three and you still have three very pissed off whatevers to deal with.
You can still think it looks silly, regardless of whether it is historically accurate. This is fantasy, we're talking about. A bit of unrealistic design is expected and shouldn't be a bad thing.
The back scabbard in Shadow of Mordor has a pretty good design that allows the sword to be drawn from the back; the scabbard is really only holding the last couple of inches/half a foot of the sword, so when Talion goes to draw it the sword clears that holder quickly and can be drawn easily.
Coulda just given himself cancer or a debilitating disease somehow. And then you get Deadpool.
Down vote, scroll and move on then.
But that's my point. I don't believe the entire place is going to shit because a few posts like this make it to the front page. It's not akin to murder at all. I saw it and giggled; my experience was made better for it.
I enjoy Star Trek, but just because something "is the point" doesn't mean someone has to like it. He says he didn't like it because it's too philosophical. You say that's the point. I say yes... And that's why he doesn't like it.
Then I like you.
I don't really read it that way, but that just may be my unfair bias. We weren't there, we don't know the tone of voice or how she usually act. It *does* feel like the mother is implying that the mother worked so much harder, the child shouldn't feel tired by comparison and so shouldn't be asking to rest/not talk. Again, that may not be true, but it's certainly the vibe I get.
I tried to follow this video exactly for my anniversary last year. Ended up deboning the chicken quite successfully and made a great dinner, but I could not ever figure out the lollipop thing. Just beyond me, no matter how much I tried.
They are still pretty damn horrible. They berate every single thing Harry does, don't even consider his words when he explains something to them; yeah Harry grows to be very sarcastic towards him, but then I completely understand why. They really sorta deserve it. Logic isn't going to work with them, so Harry doesn't bother with logic anymore.
People like you are the problem... He didn't half-ass it and it's extremely frustrating seeing so many people out to demonize him for this role. Ghost has plenty of great lines.
He stagger from a 365 BH? I literally just upgraded mine last night; got really lucky doing the Nightfall on my alt Warlock and got an etheric light. Might be able to just have my fireteam keep the adds off me if I can just stagger him for days.
Same. Oh this will be sweet.
I see your point. I'd personally like to see the TTKs of Thorn and TLW toned down just a bit; literally every other weapon in the game falls into neat little categories; someone here did the math on it, and I apologize for not having the time to find it right now. But both Thorn and TLW were complete outliers and did way more damage than their "gun type" should allow. That's frustrating, knowing that. I just want them nerfed slightly to fall in line with other weapons, and then auto rifles re-buffed slightly. Then I think we'll be at a nearly perfect state, at least for primaries.
Great guide, but I have a question. I've been out of the community for years. Are people putting together huge sprawling adventure maps now for other people to play through?
Did the 34. Actually ended up using Gjallie mostly for the wizards that kept spawning and rushing us.
Full Auto and Firefly aren't the best combo; better to have Full Auto and Zen Moment, which could help with the stability once Full Auto starts kicking in, and then you could have Explosive Rounds rather than a stability perk. Or if you want Firefly I might suggest Triple Tap and Firefly with a stability perk; I personally love it. Great against anything that doesn't dance around too much.
Step 1: Run up to one of them until it opens and use a rocket, sniper, or whatever whatever you need in order to down it quickly Step 2: Turn 180 degrees and just run to the end of the area Step 3: ???? Step 4: Profit Then just repeat. I never died from them doing two runs yesterday, and killed them as well. If you use a sniper and can get your ally to run forward then run back before you kill the shrieker the death blasts might even just dance around near the temple entrance and not even go near you.
I was under the impression that 7th Edition very nicely fits in with the codices for 6th without any problems. But I guess I haven't played a game in a long time so maybe they don't. Still seems sorta frustrating; I had purchased the Salamanders special edition codex thinking I'd have at least a few years of use for it when I started my salamander army; now I feel like I wasted that money. :/
Yeah, definitely dollar signs scattered around. Well, guess I know better now.
That was released September 2013 with the other SM codices. It's just the 6th Edition SM codex with a Salamander on the front and a special transparent cover instead of the base marine. It *was* a limited edition run, so I suppose I'm not too angry.
THIS IS EXACTLY MY PROBLEM WITH MOST OF THE GAUNTLETS; THE ASSYMETRY IS KINDA COOL BUT FUCK I REALLY DIDN'T LIKE HAVING ONE BLACK GAUNTLET AND ONE WHITE GAUNTLET WHEN I WAS WEARING THE DEATHSINGER'S GRASP.
So I, as a monk with access to Disarming Strike through the Martial Adept feat, can indeed disarm using my unarmed strike/Flurry of Blows and the Disarming Attack maneuver?
I was originally going to make my monk an Avatar, but then quickly realized how awful the subclass was and went with a Bruce Lee monk instead.
Gotcha. Thank you.
I was able to do it. It took a LOT of salt. I'm talking half a can of one of those Morton salt containers with the metal pop spout. Did tests with a few dice using the water, then choose two of those dice, rolled each of them 100 times (3 times each; so 300 rolls per die) and intend to post the results later in the next day or two after some analysis.
Oh sure; once I hit lvl 8 I'll be wizard 2, so the shield I get won't be very substantial. I'm planning on going Fighter 8/Wizard 12 though, so I'll have spell slots for a lvl 14 caster. Thanks!
Tyranids as well, no? Or did they get some sort of 7th edition change that I haven't yet noticed.
Unfortunately I have. I had two absolutely shitty experiences with DMs; one killed me seven times in one campaign, over maybe three or four sessions, before I finally said I wasn't interested anymore and stopped attending. The other seemed to almost purposely gimp my character in a Rifts campaign. I was the weakest of the group, could barely scrap by with double digit damage while everyone else ran around with triple digits, and had my one redeeming quality shat on because reasons. Then I had my magic taken from me, I was killed, then revived, and then re-gifted my shitty magic. Meanwhile everyone else had their powers taken from them and was gifted absolutely kickass powers. And I was blamed for that because I "didn't play the game right." Considering that was my first ever experience with roleplaying ever, maybe that's not entirely my fault.
Fair enough. That's another codex where I got the limited edition. *sigh* This company.
No, gladly not. One friend of mine is our go-to DM because he's so good.
I just finished reading *The Silmarillion*. Iluvatar very clearly describes them as "the children of my adoption" vs the Elves and Men, who are "the children of my choice." Sure that can be interpreted different ways, but it would seem to me that he does take them as his own in a way. This is also the only reference I can find to the Dwarves and an afterlife; "Aforetime it was held among the Elves in Middle-earth that dying the Dwarves returned to the earth and the stone of which they were made; yet that is not their own belief. For they say that Aule the Maker, whom they call Mahal, cares for them, and gathers them to Mandos in halls set apart; and that he declared to their Fathers of old that Iluvatar will hallow them and give them a place among the Children in the End. Then their part shall be to serve Aule and to aid him in the remaking of Arda after the Last Battle. They say also that the Seven Fathers of the Dwarves return to live again in their own kin and to bear once more their ancient names: of whom Durin was the most renowned in after ages, father of that kindred most friendly to the Elves, whose mansions were at Khazad-dum." These are two separate beliefs, but neither is given as the true belief. I'd say it's up to personal choice, and I'd personally lean toward the latter. Especially since there *are* a bunch of Durins that are *supposed* to match the Dwarven belief of reincarnation of the Seven Fathers.
True of all races and classes, really.
I find myself trying to do that a lot. Example; just last night my dragonborn fighter was setting about to loot a tomb; his employer had instructed him to acquire a particular helm. In the homebrew setting that my DM has dragonborn see one's spirit as being the true them, and the body is just a vessel. Once you die the body is little more than a large paperweight made of meat, so dragonborn hold no reverence for people's remains. They honor their dead by remembering them, which keeps their spirit alive. So I open this tomb in a land well known for grandma periodically rising from her grave to try and eat the kids, plunge my longsword upon which I casted Light for illumination in the late afternoon) into the ground, and start casting a Detect Magic ritual before I go touching things. Someone distracts me during the ritual and I purposely turned my back on the tomb to fight the new opponent with my *great*sword and left my longsword right in front of the skeleton. Because my character *wouldn't have been concerned* about anything happening to it, even though I was fully aware my character was probably going to end up fighting a fairly strong undead by himself, and now it had his sword.
Well he asked the Internet, ya know?
Black Hammer can fire continuously and literally never stop until the boss is dead (assuming proper aim, the boss doesn't move, etc.). You never have to reload it.
**Pteranodons!**
The instinct NOT to jump from a great height is really strong in our species. Generally it doesn't end well for us.
Guys, there are two kinds of JP fans. Let it go.
I was commenting the chain of people going "JPIII was better" "Nu-uh TLW was better." I've found that there are exactly two kinds of JP fans; those who like TLW as the better sequel, and those who like JPIII as the better sequel. But neither are wrong.
What I mean is that she's still innocent to me, at least as far as being deserving of death.
Great designs, though I'd personally like them more with a standard "eye" on all of them.
ಠ_ಠ
That could be neat, yeah.
Yeah turtles split off so long ago. I was surprised to learn that.
I see you're playing Destiny.
Then I miss stuff. :(
Funny enough, I actually don't think they are *Deinonychus*. I think they are *Achillobator*, which is exactly the right size AND lived in Mongolia. *Deinonychus* was smaller than the movie raptors by quite a bit.
I honestly think people are looking for CGI to be bad because then they aren't "being fooled." I think this is a subconscious thing. I myself thought the raptors in the holding restraints looked like bad CGI at first. Then I realized like an idiot they were animatronic in that scene. And suddenly I realized I was subconsciously trying to "see" the CGI. Once I stopped doing that I was able to appreciate how good it was.
This is how I planned on eventually doing it. I see shamans as basically being clerics of nature; they worship and interact with spirits the way a normal cleric worships a god. Seems to be the better option. The lack of spirit companion sucks, though.
The CGI and animatronics were so alike that you can't tell them apart. That's a good thing, but everyone seems to want to ignore that fact so they have something else to complain about. Because leave it to people on the Internet to complain about something popular.
The CGI and animatronics were so alike that you can't tell them apart. That's a good thing, but everyone seems to want to ignore that fact so they have something else to complain about. Because leave it to people on the Internet to complain about something popular.
He's sweet until you start fucking with his job or insulting him. Then he's going to fight back.
The acting in A New Hope is absolutely atrocious; I realized that when I was rewatching the films with a friend a few months ago. Only Obi-Wan, Tarkin, and James Earl Jones' voice over is really well done. The acting in The Empire Strikes Back is leagues better for everyone involved.
"Yes, sir." "Yes, sir." "No, sir." "Yes, sir." "Yes, sir."
Do you get everything from the LE in the CE?
The hell is this man being down voted for? You ever see Wedding Crashers? Horrible Bosses? Forty Days and Forty Nights? Super? The Rookie? Female-on-male rape is constantly played for laughs in Hollywood, or at least not a problem. It's disturbing. And /u/Oldchap226 was using sarcasm to acknowledge this point because it's very relevant here. And you guys downvote him??
So why didn't everyone else just play water???
I just finished the Baron quest chain and am supposed to go to Skellige now. Are there lots of cards to buy there? I've really been wanting to build a Monster deck but can never find cards for it.
Perfect! Thank you.
&gt; until one day he gives you a driver that fires a ball directly at the hole from the tee, which detonates into 6 balls that all fall into the hole at the same time, and everything's OK. How many strokes would that be?
Random question; if the ENTIRE inventory got deleted then what happens when there isn't any gear to wear?
Is that true, though? Fist of Havoc was always regarded as "space magic" by the devs before the game was released (when we kept getting the same gameplay over and over again), and the Defender bubble clearly shows the Titans channeling magic in their hands and then throwing the bubble out. They *are* magical, just in a more direct and brute-force-ish way. They're not going to necessarily cast Magic Missile, but they can magically empower their strikes or create a ward/shield. Different kind of application; still magic. That's what makes a Titan a Titan.
His concepts of economy are concerning, though. His policy would flood the market with Strength-based and anti-shank armors and weapons, which just isn't sustainable. I do have to say I appreciate his social policies, though.
I'm of the assumption that the cells are stasis containers that you basically just throw someone into and lock them down in cryo. They keep the guns because it's done hurriedly; no time to disarm them. They aren't actually put in chains or handcuffs and then put in prison so much as they are captured in the midst of battle and contained, like what we see happen to Skolas on Venus. Then for PoE the Awoken let them out.
Being outside the Crucible doesn't mean you die permanently though; Ghost revives are part of the lore. Now it absolutely is still a Guardian killer; I just don't think the "outside the Crucible" part is apt.
Boy or girl?
You're right. I just meant that the Ghost revives aren't a Crucible-only mechanic or something; you can revive outside the Crucible in the same way provided you aren't in a Darkness Zone.
Yes, I agree. What I meant isn't that Guardians can't die, but that the Crucible isn't a special place where Ghosts can revive you. You can be revived from anywhere that isn't a Darkness Zone, and assuming that your Ghost isn't taken/destroyed.
Man; I felt like the part where he'd make them stare at /u/TORFdot0 's family and threaten to kill him and them was bad enough; like some crazed murderer would break into the house in a bear suit and fuck with him. The crab walking just made it worse.
Sorta related; I was around 5 or 6 I think and it was my younger sister's birthday. We had lots of family over. My house at the time was a single-floor ranch style, and we had a basement. [Here's a really shitty layout of the house, which should make this story a tiny bit easier to understand.](http://i.imgur.com/5X4XjPL.jpg) The birthday party stuff was going on in the basement; that's where pretty much everyone was. I had to use the bathroom, so I went up the stairs, turned right and then right again to get to the hallway, and started walking down to the bathroom. I remember it being early to mid evening; not super dark but the sun had mostly gone down. It was May so probably around 6:00 or 7:00 pm? Anyway, in order to get to the bathroom you have to walk by my sister's room. As I walk by her room I casually look in; the door was open so it just seemed natural to do so. Inside it was dark, but it was light enough outside that I could see.... something sitting on her bed. It was silhouetted against the window. I recall it being hairy looking, almost like a wookiee (but again; it was just its silhouette so there were no details or color; it was just black). And it's eyes were glowing kinda like a cat's; not supernaturally but nocturnally, if that makes sense. I saw it and then kept walking; didn't even see it for longer than a second. I got to the bathroom, terrified by what I saw, but did my business. Then I had to get back to the party. And I did so; went right by her room. Only this time I didn't look in; just very quickly hustled back to the kitchen area and to the stairs. No idea what I saw, why I saw it, what it could mean, or anything. I DO know that we were keeping coats on top of her bed, but I don't recall it looking like a coat; it was upright. Whatever it was until I was at least in high school whenever I'd walk by her room at night I'd look into it. Never saw it or anything like it again, so frankly I have no clue.
Thanks, Dad.
The kids ages are slightly reversed for one (Tim is roughly the same age, I think, but book Lex is younger while she's older in the film). Their expertise is also thrown around; in the book Tim was the dinosaur AND computer expert. In the film Lex gets the computer knowledge. And yes in the book she's useless... as you'd expect a small child to be.
Completely disagree with that. Star Destroyers are the main battleships of the Imperial fleet. They are ships-of-the-line and firm the backbone of the Imperial fleet as a battleship should. Destroyers don't operate alone, as ISDs can, and frigates don't have the firepower to do what an ISD does. The SSD is just a specialized and even larger battleship-like vessel.
Sorry to dig up an old post, but trust me; they did. They weren't complaining that the article was wrong, though; they were upset that I hadn't included any EVE ships. Unfortunately I haven't played EVE and purposely tried to stick to IPs that I knew about.
As an aside, my understanding is that it's proper to use an article the *first* time you make reference to the ship in a written work, and then not to use the article after. I could be mistaken.
Remember; Lynch saw the Snitch first in that final dive, not Krum. Krum was just able to overtake him in time and catch it before Lynch could. Arguably, had he not caught the Snitch then Lynch would have, making it an embarrassing 320-10 ending score. Again, arguably. Lynch had already faceplanted once, but then did it again. I wonder if the second hit was because of Krum or his own ineptitude; I suspect that he might have crashed regardless, at which point Krum would have been able to catch the Snitch basically at his leisure. That's a bit of a gamble; the "smart" choice would have been to let Lynch do what he was doing; Bulgaria would lose regardless and if Lynch *failed* then Krum could potentially pull a win, as you point out. But this way the team as a whole gets to save a bit more face, which may have been more important to him. I think he did what he felt he needed to do in the moment.
The way I see it, not catching the Snitch gave them a *very* small chance that his team could have come back, and a very very very big chance that his team would lose 320-10. That would hurt the team more than anything else. I mean, Bulgaria won the last Cup anyway so maybe it's a moot point.
As in the one in 2014.
Apparently it's all from Pottermore. Pretty cool, actually. The Haiti team brought Inferi. It.... it was bad. Ginny jinxes Rita in the chest during the finals though... so I guess it evens out. http://harrypotter.wikia.com/wiki/2014_Quidditch_World_Cup
If I said that around my Chinese co-worker shed poss herself laughing. There's racism from hatred and then there's.... well this. Our generation is too easily offended.
He'd wig was actually played by a few male snowy owls. Males are almost purely white while females have a lot of dark banding.
I just lost a long-term friend because she and her husband were pissed that they missed getting a Fallout 4 collector's edition pre-order, started screaming at people on FB, and didn't appreciate me telling them they were being dicks and to calm down. The fuck is wrong with people? IT'S A VIDEO GAME!!!!
*Quarks*
Based on the fact that the Bible explains that the shepherds were out with their sheep it puts the date closer to late summer/early fall.
Pisses me off and I'm not even a father yet.
Maybe we shouldn't be afraid of our wives? No? K, I'll be quiet.
"Crusader" would have made me piss myself with joy. You get that nice imagery with Dark Souls and knights/paladins praising the sun in there as well.
