Ontario as well I assume the rest of Canada but I don't know that for sure
And the order is shoot to kill
Could you get some of him singing or playing guitar in the video if you do? I was really hoping we would hear some
Hell when I made big changes and it dropped 10 lbs of water weight the first week that was enough for me to get going. 30 lbs in 3 months now. Aiming for 80 by the end of the year. That will put me at 190
Smartserve in Ontario (all of Canada?) can't work in any place that serves alcohol without it. Can be taken online though and the cert is mailed to you. And yes, there are rules regarding how much you can serve a person, at least in a certain time period. I've been warned about being cut off in bars before, they more or less forced me to wait it out, or buy food before they would give me more.
The best part is, iirc someone mentioned that this would be a shower thought within a day.
Probably like most recipes of this type, they don't taste like shit, but they also aren't "good", but it's better than most alternatives so it gets described as amazing.
I probably look stupid here, but can you tell me what movie this is from? I feel like I should know but can't place it
You'd think if it was life changing you'd never forget the location?
And everyone act like 5 was never a thing :)
Toy Story 1 is horrible (imo) compared to 2 and 3. I didn't like it when it was the only one in the series.
Also in Lawless. I feel like nobody has seen that movie or something, never gets mentioned. I loved it. He was kind of an annoying character since he was such a bitch, but he played the role awesomely.
You posted this 7 hours after the top post got it right and you got the gold? What an awful world we live in. (congrats)
Might want to check your CPU, a new gpu isn't always going to be all you need.
No you don't need all that at all. All you need is a calorie deficit, If you do you lose weight that's all there is. The only factor is how big the deficit controls how fast you lose. I'm down 32 lbs since March 20th and I don't even count calories (I did for a couple weeks until I got a handle on how much I can eat) It's actually picked up steam in the last couple weeks with 11lbs lost in the last 17 days. Honestly, it's easy peasy lemon squeazey.
LPT:if someone is holding something in their hand, shake their other fucking hand
If it's a hill climb you have a point. Otherwise momentum doesn't mean anything unless he would have to slow a lot. To be fair you do see it most on hills where the lighter load will be passing up Hill and heavier will gain ground down hill
Looking for one legged man to make hops
If you already purchased it once you shouldn't have to "buy it again" ? I can redownload any app/game I've bought ever in my android history.
Where have I heard that before
Wow that's fucking bullshit. CLEARLY got there before the tag. The only thing they could say is he was still tagged the millisecond he had his left hand off the base
Glad someone called out the no hitter right before this inning started.
Funny you say slow when on his last hit the exact words were "Colabello is too fast"
ok
"just" over an hour ago
Same problem. Psn and their Friday night updates. Can't do it on fucking Wednesday morning or something
I don't even know what the hell I'm looking at. Buy a new tv son
We're on reddit, got about a 50/50 chance of it being true
You should dabble in real country music, not the bullshit that has been played for the last 20 odd years (I'm a pretty big fan of a lot of stuff from the 90's and a LOT of stuff from the 60's-70s)
Can't believe it's come to a point where games with no release date can be preordered. It could be 16 months away
Hooot Pockets "You're a genius here's a 100 million dollars" "Now we need a jingle for our mexican market" "uhhh...Caliente pockets?" "How do you do it?!"
I'm pretty sure you can. You can pull the goalie for a player and put him back in on the fly so not sure why you couldn't switch goalies.
The shits/the flu
Got the shits or the flu
&gt;Capitalize on this SHIT I see what you did there
Yeah, fuck him for being sick.
Oh gotcha
I wonder why these type of ads aren't automatically blocked by adblock? I'm already running it.
Ad block doesn't block these ads without custom rules.
I hear this all the time regarding fallout and it is such bullshit. First of all there are VERY few co-op games and co-op games of this quality basically don't exist. Secondly, how exactly does co-op affect the game? With a second person following you around you would still experience the exact same game and story they would just be experiencing the same thing as well. Like EVERY other co-op game whether you play by yourself or with a friend the story doesn't change. Finally, it wouldn't affect you at all. Clearly you wouldn't want to play co-op, so you wouldn't and therefore having that mode has no affect on your experience of the game.
Nothing more comfortable than a plane seat...
Good thing Collabello switched to basically walking halfway down the baseline. That's why I like players that hustle, you never know what could happen.
lol Dickey
Very unlikely, even though he's barely a major league level pitcher anymore
Is it though? I could be wrong I suppose as I'm certainly not a diehard baseball fan and only really started watching every game in the last year but watched sporadically for the last 5+. He's regressed every season that he has been with Toronto and while he might have one really good game every 8-10 or so usually the most you can hope for is him to not to be responsible for the loss. So at best he's an inning eater and at worst he's a home run giving machine. Also how many 40+ year olds arent questionable big leaguers? He certainly shouldn't be the anchor of a rotation anymore.
Yeah it was much better to do this than to just stay with Loup. He's only good for two pitches. Fucking useless manager
You must forfeit? Has it ever happened?
Yeah, but I'm kind of saying if you literally didn't have anyone left for whatever crazy reasons. I know it would pretty much be impossible to go through all 5 starters and bullpen as well as the bench.
Yeah, but it would basically have been a reskin/update of Fifa 13, 12, 11, 10,9, 8, 7 or whatever the last actual game was that was developed for the system. Its not like a whole new game/engine was created for the system.
My favourite ones are pictures of random objects that say "The new fat fighter" or "super food" and it's like a jelly fish.
Pujols just retired in my MLB the Show 15 in 2021 with 630 home runs
You can't see why people would want to play their own music on their PS4?
Unfortunately, it's complete horse shit. When you see the guy 10 feet down and bullets are flying past him at 1000 feet per second. It's now put huge holes in several movies and pisses me off every time I see it.
What if their television is what they use for their PC and PS4 and the speakers from the television are what they use for audio? Can't play audio from the PC then. What if they use headphones to play the PS4 and want the music and game sounds through them? What if they're not in the same room as their PC? Your argument is "Get a stereo"? And even then, we go back to, what if they're using headphones for the PS4? What if they want to be silent?
Ah yes, slow metabolism. Legit
I'd just burn the house down and start over. A bigger scale of when I just throw dishes away because they've sat it in the fridge too long, the food went bad, and I don't want to clean it.
&gt;Edit8: I do have a girlfriend, getting coffee with someone isn't cheating. I'm not going to fuck her on the coffee machine. I'd like to read your conversation with your girlfriend when you say "Hey Babe, just told my highschool crush that I was deeply in love with her in highschool and told her I'd drive anywhere in the world to meet her for coffee tomorrow which she agreed to do. I mean, it's not like I'll be fucking her on the coffee machine lol, k XOXO love you lots!"
You can also chat with friends through a laptop, not sure why they ever added chat through game consoles when it would be so easy just to bring your laptop with you. It still doesn't solve the problem of playing a ps4 with a headset on which a large percentage of people do at ALL times. You're full of really useless answers.
Don't worry, he/she didn't take this picture, it's usually on the front page of R/Aww about every other week and has been for a couple years now.
"kid" heh. That you think people should be carrying around a laptop to get shitty audio for when they play games is hilarious. You have no idea what you're talking about. It's literally the most requested feature, that's proof enough that people want it. Also, speaking of "majorities" you think a majority of people own a laptop? AND those people want to either listen to music from it's trash speakers or hook up speakers to it which play over the game audio in the room (which isn't the same as listening to it mixed through the ps4) OR use headphones to completely block out all game sound. Brilliant. You must be an astronaut.
While I agree on wanting folders, the apps and games I'm using are always the first few on the list. If I'm going back to play an older game, then yeah I have to scroll across one time, but that's not exactly a common occurrence.
Your* You're still not answering how exactly they listen to music from those devices. Headphones? So they can't hear the game audio? Or are they just playing it through the amazing built in speakers? That's grade A quality there!
Especially 18 months after release
Well luckily what they make doesn't count as pizza
Easy Curly
Correct, and it's awesome
It's three times bigger than Texas and about 1/4 the size of the United states so yeah it's pretty big and would indeed be "one hell of a state" if you're comparing it to any other state
True but it's still large if it were made a state.
Yep needed to be women thrown through shelves in this and the kid kicked through a wall. But they just stand around watching and acting appalled
Seems pretty relevant to him
Isn't that exactly what I said? "Especially" if you run into a transport truck which takes forever to stop.
When I say "behind a vehicle" I'm referring to following them down the road/highway. Not a situation where someone does something retarded. In any normal situation, you should never not be able to stop before running into the car in front of you.
Yeah pretty much this. I only played '14 and now 15, but basically everything is identical as far as commentary, animations, the idle time stuff. I was really hoping for some updated commentary since I basically just finished playing a couple hundred hours of '14 as a RTTS pitcher and continuing it over to '15 is all the same commentary. Hell I usually get the same calls 10-15 times a game.
Eh I like the presentation..or I did for the first 100 hours or so. However the same situations have the same exact calls over and over again within games with little or no variance. Every single game, when I throw a change in the first inning the announcer goes on a rant about how you want to show the changeup early in the game, which is actually new commentary, but I've already heard it 50 times in a couple days I'd actually like to see a list of all the different commentary there is, maybe 100 lines? Edit: As for the NHL games, the commentary is ridiculously repeated as well. "Geometrically" every second pass
EE with the now patented infield fly
Joey is probably stoned just from shoulder bumping Snoop
You should be proud, Snoop Dogg is a joke
Pretty long and hard dong too
There are a lot of succesful rich and famous jokes, do you not think so?
Just wait for the downpour
I think you mean Dosh Johnaldson
Atleast he didn't smash it....150 feet straight up
Not gonna continue the hit streak watching pitches like that
A rock would probably make it to home plate faster than his pitch
2/6 = half ;)
This game is flying by
lol
GTA: Moscow
St.Albert, Ontario is the king of cheese curds as far as I'm concerned. So to hell with you!!
pop flys, pop flys everywhere
HAHAHAHA!
I loved EE basically shoving the reporter out of his way
36 Marlins' "Fuck"s on this page
Does it make you feel better that it's a french town?
You just reworked the same joke from the one other reply to that comment, congrats
While it's a fan interpretation, I actually believe it makes so much sense that it's basically the hidden truth of the movie. The only water that would hurt them was holy water, etc. Too much sense
Not disputing if there was a tornado or not, but I've seen this happen a lot just from high gusts of wind with that type of tree. I think they're thin, tall and have all their foliage at the top, combined with really shallow root system.
Indeed. Hopefully it's all on the bottom
Good to see that people still haven't figured out a "punchable face" is not someone that annoys you as a person who has a face. It's someone's face that makes you want to punch it because of how it looks without knowing anything about the person.
You know freedom of speech doesn't exist on a privately owned website right? You can't go into a grocery store and start yelling whatever you want, you'll get kicked out. Learn what the hell you're talking about.
