I ain't got nobody, and nobody cares for me.
Young pups TIL...Damn I turn 42 tomorrow.
40 year old virgin when the drunk woman he picks up at the bachelorette party starts driving and hits everything then t-bones the parked car and says "Fucker Came Out Of Nowhere!" And a lot of scenes in Kingpin...One of my all time favorite comedies.
This guy is a credit card hackers wet dream.
Speaking of Robin William movies. The Fisher King has some really sad parts.
Thanks TransvestiteCurves
You taught me a valuable lesson. I will now always use the bathroom before getting on an elevator.
Meant for people that are less fortunate, but only has an HDMI hookup 😒
That dog is defective. They can still take it back, because it still has the price tag on its neck.
"What officer? Guy can't join hair club for men? Is there a law against that now?" "Sorry sir, I am just going to give you a warning this time." "Damn right you are"
Take your damn upvote!
Scheuer wasn’t killed and didn’t wind up with paralysis or brain damage, thus limiting the potential damages. “The facts are good for GM in that one,’’ said Bob Langdon, a lawyer in Kansas City, Missouri, who represents dozens of plaintiffs suing GM alleging injuries or deaths caused by ignition defects. “It’s not a big injury.’’ It just takes two small paragraphs to prove, once again, that lawyers are the fucking scum of the earth.
There us no telling how much more shit he lied about. The amount if people he said he killed sounds ridiculous as well.
You get an upvote for using the, almost extinct word, Kerfuffle.
It is a perfect example of how everyone could pitch in to make everyone rich, but we are too selfish
Yes it wood. Wood you buy one? I know I wood.
Daniel Day Lewis says I GOT 3 BITCHES! SUCK IT! https://youtu.be/q9drV2hHVp4
Nike has been doing it for decades.
Because of a valued resource....Oil. Iran also has one of the largest oil refineries in the middle east. North Korea has nothing we care about.
I love mine. Now that I have it, I could never see myself without one.
Vachina!
Gitmo, Larry, and Curly...Fuck Shimp.
I think it is funny that there is an article just a little above this one talking about how a barrel of oil is the cheapest it has been since 1993
Saudi controls Apec. Look at it this way. If you were selling bags of peanuts and you had 50 bags to sell, but I had a booth across from you and had 2000 bags to sell I could adjust my price way below yours so that you would never be able to sell yours....In other words, I dictate the market. The same way SA does with Apec prices Edit: As another Redditor pointed out it is OPEC, not APEC. I typed it at 5 a.m., and was not really thinking clearly.
That is what I meant. A wire is loose in my head. I typed it around 5 a.m. this morning, so i was really not thinking clearly.
You are very wrong. http://m.smh.com.au/business/energy/saudi-defends-countrys-strategy-to-abandon-opec-production-targets-20151207-glhl3p.html Just a couple of grabs from the article The market remains concerned that Saudi Arabia and the other OPEC members will accept a lower crude price to defend their market share...(The peanuts I was talking about) And this was said about SA not wanting a cap. The move makes a lot of sense because if you are trying to capture market share, and you are the lowest-cost producer, why would you put a ceiling on your production?" said Sadad Al-Husseini, a former executive with Saudi Arabia's state-run oil company who now acts as energy adviser to the royal family-controlled King Faisal Foundation. "And if you have newcomers who want to add capacity – that is Iran and Iraq – why would you want a ceiling? It never made any sense to me. Try to roll back production from a country like Saudi Arabia, which the whole world depends on, just doesn't make sense." The reason Opec wants a cap is because SA is producing a hell of a lot of oil, which in turn helps their country but is hurting other countries that produce oil because SA has more peanuts.
That's the morality clause. It does not imply one or the other, but it can place doubt in 12 jurors heads. The video should be admissible, as it relates to the case.
I wonder if I could trade my son to her for a knitted one....He just hit puberty.
No, make it the inside band photo, so people would think that was what the band looked like....The kicker....It's a Bluegrass album.
The cast from Fresh Off The Boat?
Tina! Eat The Fooood!
It's good to see you got out of the bio dome.
OP is wearing OP.
You can't have Party in the front and back!
Ahhhh, good girl. Now go grab a copy of Faith No More's new album.
T.V's beloved bigot.
That album was when the added a keyboardist. A whole new layer, but still freaking groovy as hell and awesome. And yes it was their album after Blast Tyrant. Beale Street To Oblivion was after RH/Exodus and was the last album with their keyboardist. When Nathan was asked in an interview why the got rid of their keyboardist he said, we didn't, he just didn't want to tour anymore. Any Clutch fan can tell you that Clutch tours a HELL OF A LOT. Crobot has been touring with them lately. I recommend you check them out. I seen them with Clutch and The Sword on my 40th Bday in Asheville, NC Legend Of The Spaceborn Killer is the song that grabbed my attention. https://youtu.be/_YJ41TS-iOo
Pig Bladder's regenerate as well. Scientists have successfully used it in early trials to regenerate muscle and fingertips for humans. http://www.iflscience.com/health-and-medicine/scientists-regenerate-leg-muscles-pig-bladder-tissue Also, Here is a video of Dr. Stephen Badylak explaining how the regenerative process works. https://youtu.be/gwR8rEcVu7c
American politics is no longer changed by what the people want but rather by corporations and lobbyists. If America tried instilling a free healthcare system Health insurance and pharmaceutical lobbyists would be all over capital hill. My city has been trying to build a rail system from our city to Atlanta, then to Nashville, then eventually to Chicago. The people want it, but as soon as it is proposed, airline lobbyists shoot it down every time. I have always said that greed is the largest opponent of progress, and with every passing decade it just becomes more prevalent in America I will let Arthur Jensen (Ned Beatty) explain it https://youtu.be/yuBe93FMiJc
People in mosque: This motherfucker is a undercover fed!
Best sense of humor? A dark sense of humor.
In short Saudi Arabia controls Opec (Organization Of Petroleum Exporting Countries) Look at it this way. If you were selling bags of peanuts and you had 50 bags to sell, but I had a booth across from you and had 2000 bags to sell I could adjust my price way below yours so that you would never be able to sell yours....In other words, I dictate the market. The same way SA does with Opec prices. Opec wants to put a cap on oil production, but Saudi Arabia does not want to adhere to it, because they are making a lot of money from producing a lot of oil. Here is an article explaining that. http://m.smh.com.au/business/energy/saudi-defends-countrys-strategy-to-abandon-opec-production-targets-20151207-glhl3p.html Just a couple of grabs from the article The market remains concerned that Saudi Arabia and the other OPEC members will accept a lower crude price to defend their market share...(The peanuts I was talking about) And this was said about SA not wanting a cap. The move makes a lot of sense because if you are trying to capture market share, and you are the lowest-cost producer, why would you put a ceiling on your production?" said Sadad Al-Husseini, a former executive with Saudi Arabia's state-run oil company who now acts as energy adviser to the royal family-controlled King Faisal Foundation. "And if you have newcomers who want to add capacity – that is Iran and Iraq – why would you want a ceiling? It never made any sense to me. Try to roll back production from a country like Saudi Arabia, which the whole world depends on, just doesn't make sense." The reason Opec wants a cap is because SA is producing a hell of a lot of oil, which in turn helps their country but is hurting other countries that produce oil because SA has more peanuts.
She was hoping a firefighter would give her the hose.
I think The Dude would even be kind of sad.
"That is why on the occasion of this 10th anniversary of Passion, a film about an innocent man’s willingness to forgive the greatest injustice, I propose to Hollywood that it’s time to forgive Mel Gibson." Did the writer just compare Mel Gibson to Jesus... I knew I should have stopped reading after she wrote "Gibson, who essentially used his tongue as a lethal weapon." /Places Hand Over Closed Eyes And Moves Head Side To Side
I got a chuckle out of the terrible writing and metaphors.
Well, at least you won't have to worry about your dog ever doing that again.
Don't forget though, that Tony Iommi had a bought with cancer before they started recording 13.
Would you like to make some fuck.
I am the same age as this guy. http://cdn2.thr.com/sites/default/files/imagecache/675x380/2014/11/leonardo_dicaprio.jpg
No...No it does not.
David Bowies response: "You know how I know you are gay, you are Coldplay"
Florida: The land of backward laws.
Very efficient. It probably explains why they are no longer considered extinct.
The same happened to me. It did not come up in the system and the clerk was like. Oh well, toss it and don't worry about it. It happened around the holidays. It was the best present I got that year.
And here is how a clutch works. https://youtu.be/pqF-aBtTBnY
I don't care how many times this gets reposted, because it never gets old.
She seems to suffer from noassatall.
A Mario Kart/Mad Max mashup....Hell Yeah!
Fucking Lag!
They actually have the colored version on Netflix right now. I also think they still have the documentary of how the colored version came to be as well.
When I was young we had an English Sheep Dog that would climb a ladder. I use to get on the top of the house with her. My dad had to get her off the roof though.
It also is in a few states.
I started making rings about 4 months ago, and I owe it all to Reddit for inspiring me. There was a gentleman on Reddit that made coin rings and it really got me interested in the hobby. I made state quarter rings for my wife, sisters, and mother for christmas and they loved them.
Want to help me you little fucker. Like that?
If the S.S. office will send checks to a p.o. box, get one and have it sent there. That is what I would do.
Man, I love nature and how sometimes it is like "HA HA! Fuck You Humans!"
It says in the article. Did you read it?
How do I lose interest in a hobby??? The moment a fucking lawyer becomes involved.
My grandmother has Alzheimer's. My ex wife's grandfather had it as well. When her grandmother passed away he was oblivious at the funeral. He thought he was there because someone else passed away and just kept asking where his wife is. Such a sad thing to see.
Oh, you mean Infernal Affairs https://youtu.be/ZSeDiGRFVUk
#DigitalLivesMatter
Oh.......This is actually a real sport.
Betrayal only leads to more betrayal.
Sometimes it is better for one to gravitate their ass to a boat and get the fuck out of there .
Watch the movie Wrist Cutter's. One of the main characters is a Russian named Eugene, he is a musician, and every song he performs is a Gogol Bordello song.
That's Awesome! It is a great freaking movie. The day before I seen the movie I was watching a concert on PBS. The concert had random musicians playing together and one of them was Tom Waits, my wife had never heard of him (mind boggled) I let her listen to some songs off of Rain Dogs, and she loved him. I told her it has been a while since I have listened to him, so we listened to him a little that day. The very next day we rented Wrist Cutters and , Boom, there he was. We didn't even know Tom Waits was in it. It seemed so weird to me that I just started listening to his music again the day before, and then there he was in a movie I rented. He is in one of my favorite parts of the movie as well. It's the part where he is trying to get his dog back from Will Arnett's character. He starts saying Treat Treat Then the dog growls at him and Will Arnett's character says The dog has spoken. The way they both deliver their lines crack me up in that scene. If by chance you have never listened to Tom Waits, check him out. He is awesome. https://youtu.be/1wfamPW3Eaw
I gave up trying to read the hand writing.
Jimmy Buffetism - I've done a bit of smuggling, yes I've ran my share of grass, I've made enough money to buy Miami but I pissed it away so fast..It's never meant to last.
Grave Of The Fireflies.
I hope she whipped the hell out of you, and took away your Bazooka Joe bubblegum.
Looks like the truck from The Last Of Us that Joel and Ellie got from Bill.
You need a license to drive a car, hell you even need a license to catch fish, but any asshole can be a parent. - Parenthood
Who was the guy? Higgins?
Yeah, and......
Can you ever over water them?
At least they don't have to ride on the handlebars.
Same hear! Edit: Dammit!
36" Bolt Cutters. The thieves key for padlocks.
He's On Fire! Boom Shaka Laka!
I think the ribbon is the tongue and the plate is hissing sssssnek.
This is what more cities need. Positive enforcement will always bring positive results better than just locking someone up and belittling a person that is already at the lowest of their low and then throwing them back out on the street. I commend this man. He should also go speak at schools and let kids know what service they provide and encourage the children to be more supportive of their fellow human beings.
The reason I like Reinhardt so much is because I like to go ham with him. I love killing other tanks and especially Bastion. He is an easy kill with Reinhardt.
Yeah, I wish they would have focused a little more on Medivh's (The Guardian) backstory. Also, I found it weird that Khadgar was not his assistant /pupil in the movie like he was in the lore. Out of all the characters, Medivh felt the most rushed. I liked the movie though
Well, I don't want Fop, goddamn it! I'm a Dapper Dan man!
That still wouldn't help Hyundai.
It makes me so mad to see cops do this to a Black.
I want to go there.
The girl sitting on his shoulders is turned the wrong way.
Take your point you sick bastard.
