Uh well maybe it was cold and he was trying to keep warm? I don't see how keys in the ignition are a guarantee that this guy was driving.
I have those same boxers. They are Christmas themed superman underwear
Yeah I was kinda being sarcastic anyways. Because mapporn always has the most ridiculous random maps so this kind of thing would fit in
I live in North Dakota I see about 1 Chinese person per year. I don't actually believe that Chinese people shit on the ground I was just going along with the shit I always hear on reddit haha. Come to think of it I've seen 4 people shitting outside and they've all been white
Ahem I masturbate to my globe every single day and my racial tolerance has never been higher. So you don't know what you're talking about
Wow reddit sucks. JLo uses her fame to endorse a charity and all you people care about is the fact that she isn't dressed like mother Theresa. I'm willing to bet JLo has donated more to charity than everybody in this thread combined. But no fuck her because she has some rings.
Yeah, that's why he thought it was GTA.........
Cool!!
Why would this petition affect them at all? Are the guys who made bloodborne gonna be like "ok guys we can make $50 billion dollars from PC but all these sweaty guys just signed this thing telling us not too. *sigh* guess we won't get that money"
God and every single comment was the same. "Omg this AMA is the best!!1!"
It's actually 2 four year olds standing on top of one another in an 8 year old body suit
To be fair some people do eat dogs. And some people keep pigs as pets. I don't get the argument you're making. Obviously people are not going to stop eating beef. Would you rather cows be treated like shit before we eat them or would you rather they get to enjoy the time they have alive?
Ok so his mom then
Ok
I do refuse to admit it's wrong. Because I don't think it's wrong. There's no argument to be had here because neither of us are changing our mind. You value an animals life just as much as a humans life and I don't. End of discussion
Maybe if you had a parent who wasn't there for things like that it would be easier to sympathize
Ah it's always the dumbest shit that makes me laugh the most
Montana?
Yeah they used to deliver by mail. I mean they still do, but they used to as well.
Idk what I just did but that was really hard for my brain to do
Neat! Ah ok give me 10-15 min I've never won this before
Yeah but what does the second part even have to do with the first part? The more proper way would be: Yeah alcoholism and drugs are bad, But maybe if you're can't quit drugs and alcohol you're better off dead anyways. Or something like that. Yours is just kind of confusing and doesn't really mean anything
7 faces 2 loudspeakers
Haha no I was just taking a shot in the dark... Was I close at least?
seating sections of a church?
Yeah those are interesting stats but.... It's Star Wars. You could release it any day of the year and I'm fairly certain it will smash every movie record there is. Has there ever been a movie with more hype and excitement surrounding it than Star Wars?
People don't just come on the Internet and lie about things man
First of all, how **DARE** yo u
I don't think that's the problem because some of them that aren't playing come from /r/perfectloops and they are definitely meant to replay.
I'll try n find one quick
I was surprised I made it this far before I saw some douche make fun of your beer choice
I had my phone all the way up and I had to hold the speaker up to my ear to hear what he said. He spoke clearly but the mic wasn't close enough to him
I would help my best friend torture them to death and then eat them alive
Does anybody have the original of this? Can't seem to find it
It's been years since I played so I could be wrong but I swear you could do an impossible in at least one of them
He's literally unable to even
2015 baby memes are HQ shit now
I call bs I bet you've never been to Walmart. Because they wouldn't point, they would look in the direction of the games, grunt and fart then walk away slowly
Tomato tomato
Hey shut your mouth we are hating on airlines here
Why are people from Cleveland fans of the Giants? That makes no sense to me Edit: or were you referring to the Warriors fans?
Yeah last I heard voat was down. Might be back up now. But I could care less if the CEO is a nazi, I just want to be able to get all my news in one place and be able to have discussions about it. Which reddit still is, so I'll be here till that changes
Is that the guy who plays Steve the pirate? Cuz that's who I thought of
sometimes at my Walmart I can find a cart that has all 4 wheels
You were still in school towards the end of June? That must have been rough, I was always done with class late May or early June
She's in greys anatomy
Ah I remember the early days in like 6th grade when I would finish and immediately apologize to God because I felt like such a pile of crap with no self control. Then I would jerkoff again 20 minutes later and repeat the process.
Are they supposed to open every box and check every bag of fruit snacks? It is the fault of the warehouse or whomever sent the fruit snacks to Walmart. As others have said, it is walmarts brand so yeah they are at fault in the end but it isn't necessarily the fault of the particular store that sold the snacks
That's classic marketing. They don't give a fuck about existing customers it's all about making new ones
Anybody got a mirror?
That's true I bought this account for $80. Btw make sure you use Tide© Detergent to keep your clothes fresh!
I clicked it and forgot what country it was, I assumed it was China and they just had some translation issues... Smh England I'm disappointed
Has support for the confederacy ever gone up since the civil war? I mean wouldn't support be lower every day basically? Or are the confederates still out there recruiting folk
Or put super glue on it with a string attached and wait for it harden. Then as a bonus you now have a string on your phone to play with when you get bored
Haha umm.. All I asked was whether support for the confederacy has gone up... But I'm sorry those mean northern bullies made you feel bad
Cmon man, that's so politically incorrect. We call them 'Chinamen' now
No offense guys but this sub is becoming a bit of a circlejerk
One time I was playing hockey with my older brothers friends and one of his friends was being really rough with me and trying to start stuff. Eventually he slammed me into the boards and hurt me pretty bad. While I was still laying on the ice my older brother held his face to the ground by me until He apologized then he made him help me up. That is one of many stories I have of my brother protecting me, I'm sorry your older siblings weren't the same way.
Haha people from places other than Canada play hockey.. And if we were Canadian none of this would have happened. I would have been knocked down by accident, and his friend would have bought me pancakes to apologize. But you were close, I'm from northern Minnesota haha so basically Canada
Best I can do is $1.25
Fun fact: the lint I picked out of my belly button this morning is more valuable than Zimbabwean currency
He has insurance he doesn't need a helmet because they will just replace his head with a new one
Do people around here prefer crunchy to smooth peanut butter? I used to prefer crunchy, that all changed when I found my first dead bug in it
I don't use tinder but all my friends are pretty easily able to find girls whenever they want on there. Heard a story from a friend who met up with a girl at 8 am to hook up, got a back massage afterwards and was gone by 9. Idk it can't be too hard
My mind says no... But my boner says yes
Christ I would really like to see your top 10 if Kobe isn't in it. I'm no expert on players from before the 80s but I don't see how you can possibly leave Kobe out of the top 5. Edit: I appreciate all the feedback, I would agree now he might not be top 5 but I still believe he definitely deserves top 10
I don't want to be the one to make an argument for him because I don't know all the stats off the top of my my head but I would really like to hear the argument where he isn't even top 10. I won't deny that there is a strong circlejerk for him but I seriously can't think of 10 players better than him. I'm interested in hearing your opinion though
There is an argument there, but I would put him ahead of Larry Bird for sure. Also I'm surprised you left out Wilt. It's hard to compare players from the NBA now and players from the 60s. Because Russell's career stats were bonkers but I really don't think he would have been nearly as dominant in today's NBA, at least not nearly as dominant as Kobe has been for 15 years or so
2spooky4me
Hard to take that list seriously when they have Tim Duncan as the #6 best player of all time. People seem to be forgetting how God damn amazing Kobe was in his prime. He has an 81 point game, five 60 point games, and like twenty 50 point games. Kobe used to play like Lebron in the playoffs this year, but every game all the time. Whoever made that list must have forgotten to consider Kobe because it doesn't make sense that he's not on there if Lebron, Duncan, Bird, and Shaq on there. Kobe misses one year and everybody forgets who he is I swear.
Why do people think Tim Duncan is better than Kobe Bryant? I really don't get it. They're both amazing players but seriously Kobe in his prime is way better than Tim Duncan in his prime. I remember watching Kobe play back in the day and being mesmerized at how amazing he was. Nobody compared to him until Lebron nowadays. Maybe I'm just not giving Duncan enough credit though. To be honest I rarely ever watch the Spurs play so I really shouldn't be talking, but it just is crazy to me that people say Duncan &gt; Kobe. Edit : and when I say nobody compared, I meant people that came after him, not before
Do ER docs do a lot of butt stuff with each other?
That's just how things always go. Just like how black people use phrases and words then whites people start saying them and the black people have to make up new words until we steal those too
It's weird to think that 9/11 is the greatest tragedy a lot of Americans will deal with in their lifetimes, and the amount of deaths on that day are crazy to us, but back during WW2 these kind of tragedies were happening every single day, with like 100x more deaths. It's such a cliche thing to say but it really helps me put things into perspective and be happy with my life.
Yeah that's not how the story goes, I don't think saving some olives would be able to save a failing airline... But it is true that some airline saved like 300 grand in a year or something by taking out one olive. I see it posted on reddit all the time
/u/trollabot LiiDo
Is this a line in The Cable Guy? Why did this make me think of that movie
Lol yeah i doubt your average prostitute is going to be half as good looking as the girls he is with
Does the average /r/cars browser not drive an old Datsun? Huh, news to me. Edit: apparently the average r/cars user has trouble sensing sarcasm as well.....
That would be great to hide an SD card in a coin with some really intense message about nuking China or something, and when people found it it would open up a whole can of worms and conspiracies, even though it was all bs
Haha I imagine the person who masturbates to that stuff has a lot of degrees, and is very, very boring. And probably doesn't even get all the way naked, just pulls his dick through his zipper hole and leaves his shirt tucked in
The highest point in North Dakota is about 4 feet and the lowest point is about 3.5 feet.
Why don't you just shut your damn mouth you little shit....
Hahahaha oh man I just imagine some 70 year old flying in circles, titties flying everywhere and loose skin all over the place. But I would say your grandmas tits are saggy because she is a grandma. Also why is your grandma talking to you about why her tits are so saggy?
Living up to the name. Perfect
I wish I remembered what it was like to not know how to swim. Because I feel like it's so simple that I would be able to figure it out pretty quick if I were in a situation like this. It really confuses me that people can't swim but I don't remember what it's like to not be able to so I have no idea how that feels
Yeah I deleted it like 6 months ago
People are so shallow amirite
Original post: https://www.np.reddit.com/r/AnimalsBeingDerps/comments/3ztkxx/our_siberian_husky_found_a_hole/
I'm not really sure the point you're making. So are you saying the people doing these crimes didn't do them in their home country, but they do it here because they don't agree with our rules? Idk I guess your comment confused me
All video game subs are pretty negative in general with the exception of a few but to be honest this sub is definitely the most negative of all the gaming subs I follow. For the last few months this place has been nothing but bitching about the new diamond cards that come out. I get that myteam is popular but as somebody who doesn't play myteam it gets really annoying seeing nothing but posts complaining about it here.
I just put the business as my first name so I'll get a pen with my name on it. It also requires me to put an address and I just put one of these: • , and it let me do that
&gt;if the bison win &gt;if
Lol I don't think being a drug lord is something you can just choose to walk away from peacefully whenever you want
Lol good luck getting the winner to give all his money to strangers on Reddit
Am I the only one around here who thinks weed is better than alcohol?
I think the chances of somebody picking the exact same numbers as you did are about the same as winning the lottery
Every time I see this I read through the whole thing it and makes me want to shoot myself
Yeah I know but I'm saying the chances of 2 people here having the same exact numbers are incredibly low. Like crazy low. So I don't think it's necessary to post your numbers because there is basically no way 2 people will even have the same number. Unless you expect millions of people to post their numbers. Even then I bet the chances are slim that 2 are the same
Haha yeah because it takes so long to turn airplane mode off huh?
