Ugh they are just the worst..
Yeah dude I did III about six months ago. Did tomahawk ribeye and the Mac. Hella.
I thought El Tiempo was moving locations soon?
You have failed us, pleb.
Triggered.
Fuck Houstin festivals in the SUMMER WTF. Why the hell don't we have a Winterfest?! I'd love to goto a fest in a hoodie. People are going to die his weekend.
Just saw this on FB too. The wife was looking over my shoulder and was like "if I hit Like in JJ Watts photos, will it always pop up in my newsfeed?" I was like "yeah but he doesn't spam and it doesn't pop up all of the time or anything", and she goes "no I WANT it to" JJ the home wrecker
o7
/r/RedditFoxtrotBBofc and get with/u/Mrha about the GroupMe
Yeah boi
Or Houston..
Gas stations usually have microwaves.
I'm jelly
Spread em out more dude
On one hand, great! I think Meyers stumbled in the beginning of the year with all of the changes, but he caught on quick and became solid again. I want him back, but on the other hand it makes me concerned that Filo and Jones haven't been able to play up to par so far. Which is a depth issue now. Meyers isn't a spring chicken and Center is a key position.
Bortles: 9-7 Mett: 8-8 Luck: 16-0 Before anyone balks at the first two, we went 9-7 using four different QBs. I'm being conservative.
Me too but he's right.
Yeah yeah you guys are good.
Be awesome.
As a salesguy that drives all over town daily, it's a great game. However, it sure does slow me down. If anyone was tracking my car they'd think I was having constant seizures zig zagging all over town.
It's a good speed.
Jesus Christ man
Fuck tubular
It fucking tastes good.
Yes, but it was a rowdy kids function. Not a rowdy black kids function.
I know a thing or two about karma, and this man is correct.
Is
Yayo
Rollin hard af
Where
Yeah I am straight up baffled here. Foster is probably top 3 RB in the league, and definitely top 5. He puts the fucking team on his back and has been killing it for years. Did I mention he throws touchdowns now? And we're debating him vs Forsett, who wasn't even next to Foster on our depth chart a few years ago. He was behind Tate! I could understand Foster vs Charles, Lynch, Bell, AD, but Forsett? Wtf?
Probably a flair switch will be in order.
Hold onto your butts. We got a good preview on Memorial Day. Assume it'll be that +20% for a safety factor.
I need some good news. HBO really put me in a shitty mood last night with Game of Thrones and Silicon Valley finales.
It was funny most of the time, but I hate that it's always 1 step forward 2 steps backwards for them. I just want a win at the end of an episode/series for once HBO. Y u do dis
My thoughts exactly. It's becoming an unbelievable formula.
I'll fight you
Bonus "making of" shot: http://imgur.com/LsB6eRV
I believe that the Houston apocalypse had been rescheduled? Oh well free day to "work" from home. I don't think 3:30 is too early to start drinking?
Don't listen to this person. Doors and windows are by code supposed to have thicker overhead beams, even in non-seismic areas. It's not a bomb shelter, but atleast categorically more stable than this guys iron table.
Name it
You are way harder than me. One pizza. Be cool.
remindMe! Whogivesafuck
Roasted garlic is great in the cheese mix.
We call them grasshoppers in Houston.
So about 53 on 53
Not complaining homie, just making a commentary at how trumped up it was.
If you meet the requirements, request with the password, then yes
Summer sucks.
Store bought
Well NOW this sounds good. Before it was bunk
Hot
UGGGHH
You just have those on a cue card in your wallet or something?
I totally understand. And emus *are* ridiculous.
It's nice up here in the VIP box..
Awesome series. Saw it for the first time a few years ago.
Esso is rad. Stumbled upon them last year and have caught them twice live since.
I thought that was the anal sex game too?
I have to say man, Cajun cooking just ain't for you. Nothing in here is spicy, except for the sausage, which isn't much. Not sure what you're using for Cajun spice, but that's your issue. However as a Texan I'm usually ADDING jalepeno and spices
I can't read good
Do you honestly think the Executive Branch can't generate some fucking paperwork?
How else do you get it out?
I love Hipster Hulk!
Glad we cleared up which team ole Megatron is on these days.
I'm a big Antonio Brown fan but Megatron is the best wideout in the NFL.
Texas here, you don't even need to goto Canada.
Do another Mr Quote Maker!
You're in California.
I'd scrap the email scripts and just try to do lunch once a month until it's time.
Yeah I've been steady cruising my news feed looking for my crazy inlaws to chime in.. quiet so far. I might head over to Free Republic to get my crazy fix
I want to downvote you just because I read the word "work". Shit sucks right now brah.
I like mine with a touch of nutmeg and shmegma sprinkled on top.
You're right, you've probably already worn his ass out
Or just take uber and you don't ever have to put up with bullshit
Yeah nothing on your uniform matches for some reason.
You can tell its Houston cuz it's a slab
You literally have to click an acknowledgement about the surge before it will start. You cannot miss it.
Baby come back!
Neiman Marcus has a good outlet store on like sage and westheimer next to Kenny and ziggys
Dick pushups son
Hooka.
Probably rained right after.
Looks fucking awesome though dude. Nice job.
And it can be not good and a dead-end job..
Quarterback is an interchangeable position.
On the up
Yeah that would be alright I guess
Clowney out = career day for Mercilus
Naturally
Well that's fucking bullshit.
FADE EM
Almost did it last year too.
I don't know?
Dunno but we were at the very bottom of the power rankings
I came down here to the bottom of the thread to taste the freshest of tears
Damn near had a third this year
Yay us!
Yeah, I'm not super excited that 3/4 of our division have franchise Qbs..
So beautiful!
