What kind of scissors are those? They seem nice.
I think these could be great games if they focus less on the story. Or do a better job than the first one.
I dont watch twitch, but whats so wrong with it?
If you can get it cheap it's worth it for the exclusives. Ive also spent a ton of money on PS1 and PS2 games, so be cautious of that if you get one.
I think to open bottles. Like beer bottles or old cokes.
E3 is a miserable place to be. I dont blame him.
Ooph. People are saying no nemisis system either. That was basically the whole game.
This is great news, but Ill probably be watching Greg Millers crew.
A nukeakakey.
Ill check it out next.
Animated series are pretty expensive though. I wouldnt be surprised if cartoon network scoops them up.
Game of Thrones has been pretty boring this year. Korra really deserves it.
I used to do that like once a week. I know I fucked up when Boy Meets World wasnt on tv.
You didnt show the Full House clip. 0/10
But we also made a Top Gear. And a new season of The Inbetweeners. People of the world we're sorry.
I dunno I think it's only remembered fondly because Matt and Trey was in it.
The top middle looks like dude who played Louies dad and uncle.
Or they could buy it?
Did you even read the article? Lol
Home Improvement kid&gt;
And JJs reign was the golden era of the recap. People shit on him but he seemed like a really creative dude.
Now kill AHWU please.
So does that mean Joel's officially a disney princess?
Achievement Hunter is taken over by Smosh Games. Let the cringe begin.
Jontron's going to be announced as Rays replacement. Let the shit posting begin.
Didnt they have a failed kickstarter? If so then they talked about them for a big chunk of the podcast.
I couldnt find the podcast where gavin talks about that guy, but I did find the one where they talk about the kickstarter. It's episode 305 at about 32:30. Im not saying I believed he did it, was just curious where it came from.
It might have to do with them not following through witch their kickstarter, since they just made a film with the help of crowd funding.
i heard he smells funny too
Id lick his neckbeard.
BEARS le so funny XD
One of the cringeyest guys on the internet. Just look up comletionist videos from two months ago and back, and youll see. The completionists newer videos without him arent half, though.
Im pretty sure he only did it so when someone with half a brain watches the video, and looks at the comments they dont realize it's complete bullshit.
Roy? The challenge finder?
Me and my friends used to do this all the time. He has to be logged into your account when downloading.
Damn. Why do yall like to see this stuff? Just wait til the movie comes out, and be surprised.
When she was confessing, I wanted to lick taste those fat tears and laugh. But during the walk of shame I wanted to get a machine gun and blast the crowd.
"I want a game, thats not a game" Dude, youre at a games conference.
Aaaaand iiiiiiii HOLY SHIT wiiilll alwayyyys love youuuu
And they thought the sales was bad last time.
I think it wouldve been a perfect august game.
Where do I download the 360 games? I see them no where.
Madcatz is sweatin hard now. I just hope MS adds a turbo button.
Well, that stinks. I was hoping to replay Red Dead again.
Id honestly rather have another game than a new season, if its as good as Stick of Truth.
I imagine itll just end up people chasing the captain around the ship like a fool for a couple minutes. None of my xbox friens will go quietly into the night.
Its such a ridiculous argument, its almost like I was being sarcastic.
Yeah, thanks!
The Scranton Strangler is a pretty dope name.
I havent seen or read his review, but I thought it was an awesome movie. Granted I was really stoned, so that might affect my opinion.
Besides the fact that youre wrong too.
80s reboots and superhero films are in the same camp as me. They both show lack of original ideas in big hollywood blockbusters.
I was so happy when my little cousins told me DARE wasnt a thing anymore. So I did my duty and told them that 50% of people who smoke die of a heart attack after their first puff.
When they have ryu and kens dongs slapping during a fight cause the ingame physics, Ill be on board.
The internet was a thing, he just didnt live in an area where it was readily available. Maybe they tought we were being asshole kids, cause wed call alot asking for the price of random games.
Thats pretty fucking cool. Idk though it seems like most console games already do that though. I dont play many shooters so im probably wrong. What im interested in is if you can upshift and downshift with the paddles in forza.
That sucks. I hate all exclusives. I guess its good for the big wigs, but its a bummer you have to pay so much just to play a certain game. Sony, ill share some halo if you give us some uncharted.
Thats been the dream of games for me. I dont need to see the pores and every hair on the characters head move. I just have wanted games that look like cartoons. I can only really think of two, though. The Stick of Truth and a PS1 Batman TAS game.
How tf did they get the metroid guy? The Japanese usually avoid the xbox one like its another a-bomb.
That would mean someone would have to watch Little Nicky. I dont want someone to suffer just for a screenshot Ill forget about as soon as I see it.
My left, or your left?
Omg. Holy fuck dude. I didnt know I wanted this so badly.
0
And Rayman. I was bummed to not see any new Ubiart games at E3.
I think people enjoy riding hype more than actually playing the game. There's nothing wrong with that, theyll just be disappointed when it doesnt play exactly like it did in their head. Im not going to read up on the game anymore cause Im going to buy it no matter what. I trust bethesda and have enjoyed all their games.
Yeah, theyve got the same problem as Rockstar. Everything in the game is halfassed, because theres so much in the game. I still find their games fun, but prefer it when they go all in on a mechanic. Like MaxPayne 3 or Midnight Club.
I feel like thats a pretty good explanation. It felt like they cut alot of story from AoU. I hope they come out with an extended cut on bluray
I didnt play it at launch, I got it maybe 3 months later, but I have never had a problem with it. For sure worth $15.
Holy shit it did. I just couldnt play it it was so bad. Im glad Im gonna get a second chance at playing it now. All I have to do is now is get used to the bobbing.
Its pretty cool how interested in videogames he is. One of the few old peole I know of who is. Didnt he make a cool wii game? Battle Blocks? And he was involved in Medal of Honor if I remember correctly. It was basically the Saving Private Ryan videogame.
The hack fraud who made War Horse, War of the World and Indiana Jones 4.
Obviously his failures are more important than his successes. Have you never been on the internet?
I wouldnt mind if it were 720 60fps. I dont really care about resolution. Smoothness is way more important go me.
The graphics kinda look like butt anyway. I dont see an issue in lowering the resolution.
Itll need 6 less frames per second, plus black bars around the edge. Theyll also have to make it a 4 hour game where half of it is cutscenes and the other half is squatting behind cover and shooting baddies with four different kind of guns.
Homeless people dont make it seem like theyre going to spend it making a shitty videogame that will never be released. Most of the time theyre straight up and tell you theyre going to buy heroine
I aint do much schoolin
Ive realised life's too short to care what a butholes attached to.
Well, like my dads used to always say, " Its not gay if youre not emotionally attached with the butthole."
Looks like shes eating a booger.
She was hitting OPs pipe probably.
Hes gonna make an album about maximizing the efficiency of coupons.
The old people on facebook need something to hate on.
He seems like a very decent person. All hes given to charity and his community trump whatever hes said about people who grew up rich, and make albums now.
ITT: a guy whos taking a middle of the road approach and adding nothing to the conversation.
Minus yeezus and 808
Ok its cool. Ive only seen the trailer. I probably wont buy it because I have no friends with DS'. Id probably buy it for $15 though.
Grand Budapest Hotel's a better film anyway, you racist.
No one else thought it was funny? I thought it was in line with the last two spidey movies. Just like "He stole that guys pizza!" Or him telling the kids to look both ways before crossing the street, and the kids saying "Yes Mr. Spiderman." The Amazing movies lacked the corniness of the Raimi, that made them so much fun.
I dont think spiderman 3 was that bad. It's certainly better.than Amazing Spiderman 2. Id always hear rumors that they were going to do the lizard, before they announced the reboot. I guess they repurposed whatever script they had. Kingsley wouldve made a good Vulture, but Id love to see Danny Devito in the role.
He still has to be around her when she's talking. He's not that lucky.
When you get the One, do not make the mistake of getting the Nyko rechargeable kit. It is also garbage.
Neither of the two packs it came with still hold a charrge.
Him destroying sonic with the grey hedgehog dude.
And Egorapter isnt even that famous.
Im talking about her butthole.
I loved gears 2. Mustve played through it 4 or 5 times with a friend. I tried 3 alone, and it was way too slow for my taste. Might try replaying 3 with a friend.
Try the classic Benoit murder suicide.
Ive taken plenty of pictures with people I dont like.
Now this has to be posted.
