every famous pro is in China right now for MarsTV Dota League. wonder if A is there too , I need some BullDong Stream
*Silver Edge FYP
can you explain where I can download it on that page? Seems like im blind , I dont see any download button or smth
I've installed all the updates and Upgrades , running a windows 7 Version with SP1 ! But it seems like I still didn't get an upgrade possibility on my desktop pc meanwhile on my laptop there is already one! What am I doing wrong ?
How Can I download this : KB3035583 manually ? It seems like on the page from microsoft there isnt a download button or am I just blind ? https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/kb/3035583/de ?
Same here :( and you cant download it manually I think
is this Shia LaBoef?
Id swap my desohands everytime with the golden SF arms
wow thanks , Ill remember that for the 1 game in 2000 where I EVENTUALLY could need this
Maybe this could be relevant too : http://www.reddit.com/r/DotA2/comments/167u40/colorblind_friendly_minimap/
is it really that in english or are u trolling ?
Tinker
Why is the Tinker immortal not fixed yet ? -.-
agreed! I mean there is a reason for Valve to implement the "Official Data" thing on your profile! and no it isn't meant for trolling people , its because of People like Envy who uses another random anime character at every tournament ( idolising anime characters and switching from month month , I kind a feel sad about that )
its kind a different if you get full of makeup by makeup artists on ESL One Frankfurt or if you are supposed to play a tournament! when casting he HAS to kind a look "okay -&gt;good" when playing he has to feel good
omg yes please
I find that hard to believe ! its a confirmed leak of memory maybe you are just used to superbad lag ? :D
yes as u/a_hundred_boners said its a confirmed memory leak and I REALLY wanna use both immortals :(
Fear is incredible bro! he hasnt got a REALLY signature hero thats not because he isnt especially good with one , thats only because he is SO super solid with every hero he gets drafted to
I dont get these people! they have serious issues! How do you think RTZ got noticed and now is like one of THE best carrys/mid in the world?? I tell you what , he didnt become that by trolling random heroes in inhouses. He did it by giving his VERY BEST every single time and now he is one of the most respected players out there! ( and yes he started in NA inhouses) I myself am a 6.2 k player and im trying my hardest to get in the FPL , do you think I would even CONSIDER trolling when playing with the likes of Bulldog/fuckingmad/dendi/s4 and so on??? I think there is a reason why the NA FPL and NEL are completely SHIT compared to the EU! Im not saying we on EU are mistakeless but in inhouses everyone gives his best. Don't get me wrong , everyone should take care of themselves and decide what they wanna do but when you go out of your "zone" and changes the game of another player who is giving his best , you deserve nothing but get kicked out of the league. No , I am no PJSalt right now ! It's just sad that you can play with the likes of Fear and rtz and decide to troll instead of giving your best when you are complete garbage tier compared to them. I hope NONE of these people ever make it into pro-scene and im pretty sure they ever wont with an attitude like that
you are absolutely right! thanks mate , always giving my best
I would love to bring EXACTLY this thread up , 1 week after TI when the meta is completely dragged out and there is ONE amazing strat! would be fun to see if opinions have changed or stood the same. Personally for me its so-so. there are way too many bristle / wisp / undying / qop / gyro / pl picks, we basically see all of them in every game either picked or banned.
source 2 and Immortals 3 ! Lol , did you really think we would stop ? you must be new here
how do they matchup so often that he can get fed every game ? wtf
thanks for the fast help !
Can we have his Dotabuff??
Free trip to Feeladelphia
so source 2 can fix it ?
No Kappa no party
what does TIL exactly stand for ? I always think of like "achievement of the day" or smth
I dont know how this game works but im on lvl 1200 and everything dies before I really click anything :D
oh damn , hoped you would say watching replays together / or as 5
I tell you who wins that , the best earth spirit without ANY doubt. For me it would take very long to get back at 6k with my heropool Storm,Tinker,SF,Wr,TA! I think with these heroes its kind of easy to get like 5,5 but higher not that easy because good ppl try to counter you. But if you are a good es on offlane. you will be owning every single game
If we get a little more discout than the standard 25% im absolutely buying this :)
a little offtopic , but how is your twitch so dark ? looks fantastic
Kreygasm! best thing happened to me today
he will be the Goku of the Dota2 world , so basically dendi!
Anyone played the masterplan so far? is it worth 15€ ?
there are 2 heroes who are super good against him BS and nyx! nevertheless a more general way of beating him up is Blademail! (for example clockwerk )
I just opened a thead myself! i am MASSIVELY disappointed, fucking wooooooooooorst E3 of all time! absolutely nothing
I'd say 90% of early access are wasted! there game like prison architect and project zomboid or how minecraft was! which can and will work , but so many devs are just abusing this , throwing out a half finished game , only to get paid DLCs and so on... sad to see that steam/Valve allows that
Yes we all know! We hope for a quick fix :(
Didn't they even say that project NX will be talked about on next E3? So im pretty sure that they will do exactly that ( dropping it like a hot potato)
arcana detected
is it possible for me to take my dota2 from //C and just put it on //E or smth ? my SSD is full :D
How can this be upvoted that much?? So many misconceptions in 2 - 3 sentences
Same for me man! I though on the WiiU we had the Possibilites of a REAL and GOOD Pokemon Open world thingy in 3d graphics and shit:( SO disappointed
Why is that ? I actually liked that:(
I really dislike the change! I always want to keep my steam profile hidden cause im scared of any scammers and so on. hope it's just a bug
anyone knows whats in that patch ?
any analaysis on that?
Need infos on that one! gogo analyze it someone *cheers*
where? how ?
no we aren't neighbours , like 300km between us!" but we never had any issues in HearthStone or Dota2 :/ only in SpeedRunners we keep DCing
oh wow , thanks a lot! I didnt knew that
so basically we HAVE to download it right? :O
most of them sound german! are they immensely good at making film music or do the others just suck ?
I dont understand the question! who doesnt want to play a 64 alike mario ? its one of the best games ever
Brothers - A tale of two sons! but be ready for a free trip to Feeladelphia
Can I still preorder them here somewhere?? my girl is a HUGE fan of yoshi and Id love to give it to her as a present!
im living in Germany,Europe! any info about us?
I love your casting Cap , but the hero isn't called Andy-Mage nor is he called annie-mage! hope you can fix that until TI :D
I have always wished for MORE hp! around 35-40
Thats what we all hoped but no... I dont get it , there are billion spells, spells stolen , spells reflected now even by lotus orb but 5 different auras = visual clutter ! I dont understand it
+1 for Visibility! I always loved that game
&gt; Fixed various bugs with non-QWERTY keyboard layouts It still doesnt work for me properly! Im using QWERTZ , and when I press"^" the console is opened up AND can be closed! but my Console is bind to F3 ! "^" is purchase QuickBuy for me .
It still starts 32bit version while having 64Bit win7
I dont care where my console is, I just want ^ to be free for Purchase Quickbuy , Ive been using that since forever
Who votes TONY ? COME ON BOYS
can you elaborate what do you mean with DX11? where should I add it ? ( nooby here )
so I have to rename the Dota2.exe or what ? ( sorry for dumb questions :( )
also "^" is still autobind to Console , EVENTHO I have my console on F3! This means I cant bind anything to "^" and thats where my Quickbuy is normally! QWERTZ keyboard
why is it faster than normal games?? tring to build a smurf right now
For how long do you play DotA/Dota2 now?
how to activate that ?
OH MY ! THE FUN BEGINS
guys I think im using my own config and I want to know WHY I cant change settings IN Dota which will then be saved in my config file? not only in Reborn also in Dota2 source 1! for example I have to click EVERYTIME when starting Dota2 on "Teleport Requires Stop" , any help ? suggestion?
I thought it was just me! Like we are all 4 at 100% health and ONE guys get attacked by 2 creeps and is at95% = BloodSeeker ms now 550
this still seems not to work! just look at radiant mid for example
how to do that ? I have 2 options , one is "hide" and the others thing means like "copyrighted" so it doesnt change ( because I use own colors teal and yellow instead of green and red and when I leave that unchecked it always switched to red green )
no LD?
yep Zeus will win and then its gonna be like "Zeus the guardian of the Skies" and Pitlord the Lord of the Hells and they fight each other in some kind of minigame and thats then the arcana + new hero
totally true! It will be like "Zeus the Emperor of the Heavens Vs. Pitlord the Lord of the Hells " and then we will figth each other within a minigame and the winner gets items... fucking rigged Valve , same as our "democraty" here
TI boost is not finished yet! Im still expecting another chest soooo we'll see
100% these 2 Morphling after TI2 and Tinker on 6.82iirc
Is this key purchaseable ?
7k NA? about 2.4k EU
and if that doesnt work, there is always roaming mirana
So to start with FIRST of all SEA doent deserve 2 qualifier spots! Secondly SEA doesnt deserve to be an own "region", we in Europe have 20 good CIS teams and 15 good EU teams and we dont have CIS qualifiers and EU West qualifiers! Third of all SEA should count as Asia means Chinese qualifiers. Fourth and last (only because I dont wanna talk about this shit area (Only Dota-wise, no racism or some shit)) SEA teams always are the underdogs and always are disappointing on NEARLY every event, before they should get 2 qualifier spots, they need to proof that they can handle the t3 teams in Europe/china...this is one of the biggest Flaws that Valve has ( and using FACEit as a platform for qualifiers instead of ESL or some other party) since years. SEA just gets out too good every year..
I dont know why you are raging so much! back in the day it was normal to get ONE item instead of a set and they were always common / uncommon! literally MYTHICALS were worth smth... nowadays every fucking item is at least a mythical even if it looks like 1 level under common
oh my! thanks a lot&lt;3
remember tinker? who was like good for the Summit2? and ESL one frankfurt 14, literally like 2 months span??? BAM NERFBAT OF DOOM AND DARKNESS FROM THE ABYSSAL HELLS WHERE LION HAS BEN 3 TIMES. remember morphling AM battles on TI2 ? and Morph is gone since then ( he was like back for 2 weeks where his stun was OP ) but since then... GONE and he is gone since then...
I wouldnt wait a single second and report him, if I was on the team!
im pretty sure liquid would roll over every NA within 20 mins! compare sneykings am game to matumbamans am game! and you know who is a 6k "pro" and who is a REAL pro who knows how to lasthit
so you're literally saying even YOU think that Liquid is by far the best team coming from the qualifiers!
of course they wont do well on the Major! its a Sea team! 12-16 that is!
talking about 4500mmr mason? of course hes fucking awful
Ive also started at around 4800 after calibration back in the days! And I can tell you that there is literally no difference from 5,5-6.5k but to get better than 4k to break like 5.4-5,5k mmr it takes a LOT! you have to know every role, you cant have tunnel vision ever, literally one eye should be hugging the minimap while the other one is doing creep equilibrium! also play aggressive as often as you can try to zone with your hero, even if its just body language! there are so many more points to go through but to sum it up, if you think you are mechanically better than 4.5-5k ppl then the only thing that will unleash you is right decisions ( that includes when to splitpush/what itembuild to go/ what skillbuild to go / where do I have to ward/ who is ganking me / who is DANGEROUS when ganking and who is not / Can I escape ? / Can I even turn and kill ! those questions have to run through your mind like all the time and believe me soon enough you will be one of us :)
still was good enough to reck EE!
that so dumb! I mean if u know you use CHEATS wouldnt you use them purely defensive for example dodging ganks on lane so no one gets suspicous!? this is like so retarded and he will get steam reported multiple times now and account is gone
