Easy. 343.
Fiction can be fun!
Khal Dough-go?
Can't they jailbreak it? Source: I know nothing about phones.
I never heard of this game. I LOVE arpg's. I'd play the hell out of this. It looks great. Thanks for doing the giveaway. [Steam ID](http://steamcommunity.com/id/nomnaut)
Can we get a list of these games? What's the Valve one?
The opposite, been playing since Game &amp; Watch. I just grew tired of FPSes. I have played a bit of Left 4 Dead (the first, and never the second), but the picture of L4D2 looks like a third-person isometric game, akin to the early Resident Evils. L4D2 is an FPS, no?
I beat the game in one sitting. What a great fucking experience. I highly suggest it to platformer lovers, or anyone really. Really amazing atmosphere and the pacing for puzzles was perfect. So enjoyable. Thanks again!
Well done. As someone who's allowed for an exception to the no-cheating policy (i.e. forgiven), don't ever allow for an exception to the no-cheating policy. You'll end up regretting it.
http://i.imgur.com/c7NJRa2.gif
Ooh, I like this offer. Nice giveaway OP. I'd most want Ori and the Blind Forest, but going with your theme of stretching your dollars, I'll stick with my recent request for Oddworld: New 'n' Tasty, since it's still on sale. The reason for either game is the same really. I love platformers, in all shapes and sizes. I love exceptional ones like Super Meat Boy, puzzlers like The Swapper or The Bridge, action ones like Guacamelee, stealth ones like Shadow Faction, and beautiful &amp; tough ones like Ori and the Blind Forest. My [Steam ID](http://steamcommunity.com/id/nomnaut). As for the person I am closest too, That's an easy choice for me: my wife. We grew up on opposite sides of the globe, speaking different languages, yet are nearly identical. Surprisingly, our values and cultural upgrading are very similar. We care passionately about all the same subjects, love the same music, and enjoy the same aesthetics. We have the most heated and outrageous arguments, but even those are great. She's incredibly intelligent and insightful and challenges me on a daily basis. I respect her as a partner and an equal and now, can't imagine my life without her. Before, I was just dating for companionship with no interest in lifetime commitment. Meeting her taught me why people get married. So we did. :) Sheen nyen kwuy lu (my wife taught me how to say it, I taught myself how to spell it) Thanks OP.
First, I'm going to brush up on the best Steam Sale practices (when to buy, when to hold out, etc.). Next, I'm going to check my list on an eight hour rotation. Before work, after work, before bed (and most likely anytime in between). Finally, I'll keep my eye on personal favorites that go on sale for super cheap so I can give them away to friends and GOG. I'm most looking forward to Ori and the Blind Forest, hopefully a bigger sale on the new Oddworld, ooh, Talos Principle... Ok honestly, my wishlist. I carefully cultivate my list on a weekly basis, ordered according to my current interest, and trimmed of any extraneous games. I'm psyched about them all. Anyway, I am thrilled.
King Me!
A completely non-violent, exploratory, open world game. Gone Home meets GTA V. FPS meets the Sims. Observe virtual people living out their lives down to the tiniest detail (think inside Trevor's trailer), but in doing so, discover a conspiracy, that you yourself are being watched, and that the game itself is not what it seems, a la Dark City or Thirteenth Floor. Go.
Oh, thanks for the awesome new sub. :)
That's it. Thank you.
The power of exclusives has been waning year after year. It's a dying model. While I don't think it'll ever disappear completely (console makers can always produce their own games), it no longer justifies purchasing an entire console. Twenty years ago, it made sense. 80% of games were split between two systems with the remaining 20% on PC. Today, most releases are multi-platform, or at the very least, eventually slated for PC. The paradigm has shifted. 80% of games are on PC, with the remaining 20% split between three consoles. Granted, my percentages are just rough estimates, but they illustrate a point. That since time is finite, and that the ultimate goal is to play the games you enjoy most AND that you have time for, a PC absolutely guarantees an endless library to choose from, whereas a console's library will always be finite. Of course I want to play The Last of Us, but I won't buy an entire console for it, whether I can afford it or not. What happens afterwards? I just end up with a big brick in my media console. I do still have a PS3 connected, but that's because it is technically one of the better blu-Ray players sub $1,000, and as such I still get constant use out of it. Please understand, that me saying all of this is bittersweet. Everything I wrote before, I did so begrudgingly. I grew with video games. Owned most every system from Coleco Vision to the Lynx. But it no longer makes sense. Hell, just the other weekend, and with minimal effort, I turned a DS Lite into a Nes, Snes, Gba, and Genesis emulator, complete with hundreds of roms (my entire game library growing up). It's a sign of the times. So... yeah. I love consoles, but I'll be sticking with my HTPC and wireless controller. :(
700?!?! Ouch. I think at that size, your wishlist is hardly doing you any favors. I'm sure you receive notifications about sales all the time. Do you actually want 700 games? Lol. Yeah. I'd agree. You should trim it down. Or even wipe it and start over.
I second this. I too have Valdis Story on my list, and Axiom Verge.
Thanks OP! Jumping right in tonight.
I practiced my mom's signature and just signed whatever I needed myself. Anything less would've tipped her off.
Or maybe just happy.
Clevah gerl.
This a brick of some of the finest basmati. Shit's real pure. No husks, no bleach, no bugs, just the finest long grain. I'm talkin' bout the real fluff. When you cook, remember to bring to a boil and then reduce to a simmer for 15 minutes. For you? $7.50 a brick. Those are friend prices.
Gifted | Grabbed 14 [Thank you thread](http://www.reddit.com/r/GiftofGames/comments/38m72n/gog_thank_you_ucharredgrass_for_oddworld_new_n/) [Steam ID](https://steamcommunity.com/id/nomnaut)
YOU THINK THIS IS A GAME!?!
Simone? I want to say her name was Simone when Ben Stein was calling roll.
Because if he had said 11 Million, the math police would've shat all over him.
Watch Indie Game: the movie. If you found Ready Player One inspirational, you'll go full-tilt game dev after watching that. Or not. Depends on your passion for game making.
I never called it a documentary, though it does document the lives of three indie developers. Likewise, it's meant to be inspirational. Stories of three (+teammates) devs that persevered through hardship and personal ruin, 'cept John Blow, of course. ;) It's about inspiration. Success always has a tiny sample size. I'd much rather watch a doc about them succeeding, then me failing. [Or you could just watch this. :D](https://youtu.be/nuHfVn_cfHU)
Simple. Organ donation. What you're eating could be saving or vastly improving someone else's life. As for the scraps? You're not a dog.
I have to admit, that's half the reason I linked it. Despite all of his controversy, I found the video surprisingly sincere and earnest.
Good point. Thank you.
Did you mean twenty two years ago? I remember playing it too, also around a clunky CRT, but it must've been around 1993.
I think there might be a problem with your computer. I know a website that will scan your computer for free and check for viruses. I can direct you to it, if you like. You might have to install the scanner software, but don't worry, it's safe. I promise.
I've watched the video numerous times, but I never quite understood what it was supposed to be about.
It's very much real. Also, your long-lost foreign second cousin died and left you everything, but in order to claim your inheritance, the executor of the will is asking that you pay $5,000 out of pocket. You can send me the money. By the way, if you need a good way to make a quick buck, I know a Nigerian prince that would pay you back ten fold for an airplane ticket. FIFA has football's best interests at heart. Jet fuel can't melt steel beams. HL3 confirmed.
Oh, lol. I'm thinking of the right game though, right? I never played return to wolfenstein. Ok, I see what happened.
Has anyone completed the task? It seems impossible
Thanks to advice from /u/delti90 and [his awesome guide](http://anthonythomas.io/tag/gba-macro/?pow=datea), I've been enjoying this little toy all week. He also makes and sells these if you can't do it yourself.
Yes, I linked to his tutorial and gave him credit. I posted my own to show that it doesn't just have to be a GBA emulator.
The point of removing the top screen is to make it more portable, lighter, save battery life, likewise none of the games play on two screens. The original creator did it because of a broken screen. I did it for the reasons above. If I want, I can reattach the screen. But I already have a 3DSXL for DS games. It's incredible how much more playable and balanced the system is without the top screen.
Doesn't have the controls. More expensive. Bust mostly lack of controls.
You said the only reason to do it is if the top screen is broken. I just gave some other reasons. I love the dimensions of the bottom half of the DS lite.
I use gbaexploader.
If you are already the slightest bit interested in seeing this film, DON'T WATCH THE FUCKING TRAILER. Even though it apparently doesn't give absolutely everything away, it reveals enough to remove the mystery for potential movie goers. I regret watching this. Hopefully, I can save someone else the same mistake.
Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo.
I opted to 100% it. Great game.
I feel like a lot of relationships end because of too much time or not enough time spent together. Try to hit that sweet spot. Good luck OP.
I won't lie; I clicked for the butt. But I came away with something infinitely more profound.
I woke up my wife laughing to this, you fucker. 10/10 would read again
Dhalsim v Zangief. God, the rage.
Have you seen Inception? It's like that.
Aren't you paying for the installs though? In order to improve your visibility in the store?
Oh I see, I didn't even realize that was a separate store. My bad.
That's one sexy potato.
WTF! No completed view? It just cuts. I want to see the finished work. The interior, etc.
The noses are actually perfectly in time with each other, just on different beats. If they weren't in time, then it would do that thing when you stare at lights and watch them go from blinking at the same time to blinking at opposites, over and over and over and...
I'm pretty sure vanilla wow is F2P to lvl 60. Just create a starter account on battle.net
Done. So it's a reboot after all. At first I was torn about replaying the exact same game from 17 years ago, but two things occurred to me. First, this is still a very enjoyable game even by modern standards. Second, I'm glad we now have a modern version of an older classic. 10/10 would rescue 300 mudokons again.
Ahhh, cool. Well, good luck!
My bam stick brings all the boys to the yard.
I'm sorry, what?!?! Polarity is a successor of portal? I've seen the game given away a few times here, but I never knew what it was. It's a damn FP portal puzzle game?!!!!! Holy Shit!
I feel like Kojima directed MGS IV to be the final title. I've heard others comment that every MGS has been designed that way, but that is so patently false. MGS 3: Snake Eater was a prequel. MGS 2: Sons of Liberty(title?) was a segue. MGS IV features an old, retired solid snake. And ends with this dialogue: &gt; You have been given freedom. Freedom to be... Outside. &gt; You are nobody's tool now... &gt; No one's toy. &gt; You are no longer a prisoner of fate. &gt; You are no longer a seed of war. &gt; It's time for you to see the outside world with your own eyes. &gt; Your body... &gt; And your soul... &gt; Are your own. After the credits, it shows a pan with three eggs. Sunny is cooking eggs for Otacon, Solid and herself. Otacon adopts Sunny and agrees to stay with Solid to document his life. That's it. Solid is a civilian now as he waits for mutated FOXDIE to end his life. As a lifelong MGS player and lover, I honestly have no need or interest to play MGS V. And thank god too, because otherwise watching this train-wreck of game development would deeply affect me.
Ahhh, I had the original MGS3. That's great though. Maybe I'll look into playing it without having to rebuy MGS3.
You are aware of what's happening with Konami, yes? That they're no longer interested in making games, but would rather focus on mobile apps and casino machines&gt;
THE SALE HAS STARTED!!!
But what defines a kojima game? His esoteric plot lines, convoluted story arcs, conspiracy, nuanced humor, but most of all his nearly complete creative control. With his departure, and Konami's completely crazy attitude towards game development as of late, and NOW the inclusion of microtransactions, whatever the game was supposed to be, it no longer is anymore. I prefer to remember Konami, Kojima, and the Metal Gear franchise as they were in MGS 4. It was a powerful, bittersweet moment and I see no reason to tarnish it with whatever debacle Konami produces next. They want to burn their bridges so badly, let them. And let's not forget that big FU that occurred with the Silent Hill project and the removal of PT. We could've had a Silent Hill successor made by Guillermo del Toro, Norman Reedus, and Hideo Kojima. Instead we get microtransactions.
What Microtransactions in mgs4? Not when it was released. If you don't understand why Konami is receiving backlash, then we can stop here and just agree to disagree.
Agreed 100% with this.
Right. And the voice actress who tweeted that he was "fired" but then redacted her tweet. Think critical from a moment. All signs point to Konami's disinterest in continuing their stake in game development. http://www.forbes.com/sites/insertcoin/2015/05/14/konamis-mobile-games-are-the-future-statement-reads-like-a-parody/
This is an awesome giveaway idea. I haven't played a single Fallout, but that's going to change with Fallout 4. I can't wait to give it a try someday. Good luck to everyone else.
That username alone makes it worth it, but that's a great list of games op. Enjoy!
That is good. It's no solid on the cover?
What happens if I put a discounted game into my cart, but don't buy it before the sale ends? I assume I lose the discounted price.
Heard the whole song in my head.
I feel like if they shook it up first, there would've been a much bigger explosion.
I feel like I remember playing this game on my iphone years ago. Or at least, a game very much like it? Same aesthetic, etc. Is that possible?
I had no idea. I thought it was just a port of a simple mobile game. I love platformers. I consider it a specialty of mine. Favorite indie game... this is a tough one. The stuff coming out the last two years has been incredible. But I'll go with Super Meat Boy. The commercial success of SMB, and Braid just before it and Limbo after, for me and I think a large part of the community, paved the way for indies. It proved 1-5 people could make a huge difference. That the love and passion of individuals could be expressed and well received. It pretty much blew up after that. And we've been benefitting from it ever since. Thanks for the giveaway op. [Steam ID](http://steamcommunity.com/id/nomnaut)
In short, you must be this rich, to live this way.
My first concert ever. I was 13. It's been downhill ever since.
Up until the moment you posted this, you had all the suckers fooled. I wasn't fooled though. Not at all. Everyone else believed him. I didn't. I totally knew this was a joke. Totally. ^^...I ^^thought ^^this ^^was ^^real.
yeah, natgeo logo
&gt; Today was the first showing... was nearly sold-out. Yeah, they sound pumped.
Don't lose hope. A lot of indie developers are showing it love. Super Meat Boy will be coming to Vita (free for PSN+ people) and several kickstarter projects are building vita ports, most notably Bloodstained, IGA's comeback creation: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/iga/bloodstained-ritual-of-the-night Irony is I've been in the market for one of these. I'm trying to get the PCH-1001 with OLED screen. :(
Because it all is. Many of the deepest thinkers have dealt with this same dilemma. Take Gandhi for example, "Whatever you do will be insignificant, but it is very important that you do it." He managed to free India by starving himself (I'm grossly summarizing). Point is, if you feel like giving up, don't make any rash decisions. Don't hurt yourself or find a quick solution to avoid long term problems. Just lie on the ground and wait. If you feel no struggle or will to live as you lie on the ground, waiting to die, then by all means pass away. But you won't. Eventually, you will make the decision to get up.
[Click here to find out why.](http://i.imgur.com/cJP5q5I.gifv)
Because you loved 10000000000000 (which the developer admitted was the worst name ever).
I stopped after the "golden hour" nonsense. It's been genetically proven that some are born with a predisposition for long days and late nights, as opposed to early to bed/early to rise. While others are sleeping, I'm working through the night. Go ask a doctor about the golden hour. Lol.
I hope this doesn't awaken something in me.
If this is a show on discovery, or on TV in general, something tells me the show fills an hour with 13 minutes of commercial, ten minutes of lead-in and follow up for each segment, and three segments tops (perhaps plus two more for physics explanations), where the segment's slow-mo clip is played about seven times in total for each of the three segments. Or I can look up 100 hundred slow motion gifs or videos online during that same hour. "Let's see that again. You see how the water keeps moving forward even after the balloon pops and continues to cover his head?! Incredible. That's Newton's first law." What should've been a children's show will be marketed for adult's. It'll be a reboot of a classic children's after-school TV series. Let's call it, "Mr. Wizard's Laboratory". Except all those kids that grew up and become math and science lovers will learn nothing knew from it. And even their own children will find the show rudimentary and pedantic. /rant Tl;dr Modern television assumes everyone is an idiot. Even shows marketed to "learners".
Her name is Caleco ;) they're bonded sisters.
Don't trust atoms. They make up everything.
~tilde~
110 [Steam ID](http://steamcommunity.com/id/nomnaut) I love this system.
Wildstar would be great. I was a wow player for years, but many of my friends left for wildstar. I never joined them and this would be a great opportunity to do so.
It's probably because I'm on reddit too much, but the more indie games I play instead of AAA games, the less I get burnt. And if I do get burnt, it's over $5 dollars, not $80.
353
Yeah, I saw it too.
Gifted | Grabbed 15 [Thank you Thread](http://www.reddit.com/r/GiftofGames/comments/3b1bjm/gog_continuing_my_foray_into_metroidvanias_thanks/) [Steam ID](http://steamcommunity.com/id/nomnaut)
