OVO 12s are coming out this summer lol
does Mango have an Ali? How to cop bro?
but dont get the turtle doves... i would stick with the Tans or the PBs cos u wont get called out for the pattern (the biggest flaw w/the 70$ yeezys)
YES GUCCI GOGGLES I WOULD COP! Make em affordable and qualiT
thats a different wallet than what this guy is looking for ^^
Just ordered the French blues from him, but I didn't wait for him to update the price on the shoes (should be 80 I copped for 50 and DHL for 10) should I be worried
I was thinking about getting moonrocks also, but im leaning towards tans cos the pattern is less visible. and the sole of the Moonrocks supposedly has a greenish tint or something along those lines. I would play it safe and cop the PB or OT
those DS bro?
from where did you cop them and what are the flaws on the shoes??
honestly thats the whole rep game in a nutshell... the chinese fam can eazily make perfect fakes but why when there are hypebeasts buying ish for 10x retail
yes!!! espeically with UNHS not being gucci rn... Ali bape hoodies also ples
does he got a size 12??
try adding water to the MTN dew and dilute the amount u drink eventually u wont like the taste
I actually dont know, but when i asked if they have the "nips"/dots he seemed to know what i was talking about and linked me to his yupoo, and he apprently does have size 11.5 (EU 46) in certain styles so that would fit me (a US 12)
DAMN. Probs only in fucking california sounds lit tho 16 mins of glory
shit... never lucky willing to sell the jersey
because i have seen bapemen's store for a while now and remember it had a lot of pages lol
nice fam wish i could find a size 12
ill buy it for 10$
sorry fam... theres not even TTS XL out... btw if ur only 148 lbs theres no way u wear XXL fam... im 5 11 and like 200 and wear an L-XL
oh lol good!!! i think it looks good... champion reps usually arent hard to get right but this is the first batch so lets see
could u remove that real quik? then its all gucci
YES THIS IS HEAT
they high key on the come up damn
i wanna c dis
i have size 15 retail nmds ill sell to u for cheap
how do i fix it? i assumed thats what it was BUT didn't know how to fix it :(
yeah ik just used to seeing overpriced shit out here nice to see semi-affordable ;) (CHEAP ASS SPEAKING BTW)
oh lmao good point ;)
any pics fam?
AY I WAS BORN IN TEXAS YEET
how much were those?
Nope. It has flaws. But is the only batch u can get so scoop it from tao instead it's like 300Y=45$ roughly so u tag that in a haul and u good. But winter is almost over Btw peep search bar for what the flaws r... I forgot but they r minor is what I remember. Jacket still fresh as fuck
Please do god bless
45 is us 11 bro. Ik bc 46 is sz 12
Yeah they go of EU bro. 45=qq
Doesn't actually exist and is V cheap do not cop
They releasing GR soon tho
Not anymore decided I liked em too much...
God bless u just no size 12 ;(
Found this a while back was gonna cop but messaged seller and they sold out :((( maybe they back in stock tho
Any bapestas in a 12 plsss
Any kkth tbh such a clean brand
What bigger sizes?? 12?!
That's what I was sad about :(( please try and find size 12... Want more ultra boost in size 12 please bro
They coming out GR soon that's why reps r being made lmao
They r coming out GR soon
Dis a high quality flex I wanna get this over the supreme one
No retail are :/ Unfortunately all the reps I've seen are gone now bro I'm sry. I've seen old reviews with em tho
When I say GR I should have said limited GR. It's gonna b like every other hype release and ofc sell out. But these vlone kicks only came out at complexcon as a small sample size. But they coming out for realZ soon apparsn
This a W
Belt please thanks
I opened the image just to enjoy that 😂😂😂
Think they good bro. Like mango quality shit
you can literally get a DS pair for way less bro gonna have to charge less than like 140$ (whatever the going rate is for the latest batch) at the very least. If its an older batch gonna b harder to sell for that price as well. Pics would b useful too ahha
BRUH this a real thing come on bape we dont want to make hypebeasts into virgins :( Oh wait... too late
Same bro :( big Bois we out here
I think it's a kids piece lololol
Where did u cop the breds from? Interested to cop
Only till 11 bro... 1:1 repPAIN no bigger sizes
Yeah ur right I was being a pretentious fuck lmao just so many fake Travis fans that only fw antidote at my school like it's a good song but the people ruined it for me Owl Pharaoh fans out here too dang FashionReps got depth
Lmk QC when u get it b
Some clean KITH stuff like with the small logo
Yessir they the best ones in that price range :)
Motherfkn price is a year I'm dead 😂😂😂
Yo the creams better have size 12
Ohhhhh yeah I gotchu. Also I bet this is some cheap af screen print shit but I'm still gonna buy it lmaoo
+15$ Wu fee? And how's the leather quality? More like 2016 breds or true to SSB retail
Lin has supreme x timbs with minor flaws
Nice bro
W2c ur shirt tho And that shelf lol
Yes. As a person in this situation I understand this
That shirt Fuego. Wish tao could get my ass some nice XL bape tees
From Lin dude. I forgot price but it kinda high like 70$-90$ I think
AliPay?! Aliexpress cops or his tao store
I'm a 34-36 and it measured out to fit me right. Skinny fit tho if u got thicc thighs ur not even gonna wanna try em on (like in my case)
People have said it fits up to a 40 o.O
Get the cheaper batch of the tiger hoodie. Theres only one batch and it's super good only like 200Y also
It's not the one child law anymore they changed it bro
Such a damn shame. It's so simple smh rep makers
Come on man so much hate on bape :((( It's just a fun brand to wear. But u can't wear two pieces at the same time that's an L
My duuude let's get it. If u ain't copping from the clearance section at a clearance store ur not a real FashionRepsBoi Seriously that's me tho
Bruh. Too soon.
Or nexus 5x cases
I saw a rep for a Gucci blazer
Sure lemme get home first
I rather cop the tao ones that are not 1:1... But I guess that makes sense if the blanks r that expensive
Good to know. I thought it was all one batch.
Interested in palace shirt XL
Change country to China then try ordering bud
No OVO reps bro... Only the shit shit shit print ones u can also get on Amazon. They have the Jordan X OVO hoodie that's 1:1 and pretty good
Try r/repsneakers
Yo how much did all this cost to ship...
I can fw the camo air forces bro nice. Hope they cheap too ;) ALSO PLEASE TRY AND FIND BAPESTAS SIZE 12 HMU
yeah thats a good idea.
FOR ALL OF IT?!! thas a steal
oooohh that cool b. Still not too expensive. I would have expected more ;)
WOAH WHERE TO COP
this
YO just cop via taobao and plan to pick it up from a hotel deadass
