One suicide bomber or hijacker can do a lot of damage. Their recruitment won't go to zero ever, and it's not going to significantly diminish for decades at least.
Please, do tell.
Oh so you're saying its a promise from Senator Sanders so subjective as to have no meaning?
Ever heard of the phrase "in your best interest"?
That's not terribly inspiring. I want some of the NSA laws changed, but I also want a "vigorous" defense from terrorism. I'd like to know the specifics of that plan. I have a fairly good idea of where Hillary Clinton falls on the issue, but Sanders has been pretty vague on the details, and most of his supporters (which I count myself among) seem to be fine with that vagueness or just hand wave the issue away. It's disconcerting.
What I'm talking about predates the Taliban and Hamas by 35 years. History didn't start in the 80s.
Pretty sure Wal-Mart accepting all responsibility and paying a large sum of money is a clear enough fact.
I used to work in both the legal and safety departments of a medium sized OTR trucking company. It wasn't a daily occurrence, more like a monthly one. Drivers would cheat their logs, we'd try to catch them and dock their hours if we did. But everyone knew the game, it took a lot to get fired.
But what happened to the guy who pushed him out of the helicopter? It's turtles all the way down!!'
You probably want to delete this, there's more than enough identifying information here to figure out who you are and get your clearance revoked. You might have found it a pain in the ass, but that clearance will earn you quite a bit more salary in your field over your career.
Some people would rather look at high quality posters, fan art, cast lists and photos, plot descriptions and other meta-data while browsing their movie collection, rather than a simple file list (which you can also do with Plex)
Commentator on the right is Toby Huss, currently starring in Halt and Catch Fire on AMC and formally known as [Artie, the Strongest Man...In The World](http://leahlucci.com/starling/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/Artie-And-Pete.jpg)!
&gt; Sorry isn't this obvious? Likely not to your average Comedy Central viewer.
There are hundreds if not thousands of job lists looking for people who already have clearance at certain levels. The background checks and evaluations don't change or expire just because your project ended.
iOS devices are both elegantly designed and nearly fool proof. Most rich people tend to live in areas where they can get personal professional service from either an Apple Store concierge or a certified Apple professional. An iPhone or iPad "just works" with the Mac computers they already own and looks good. Source: worked on iPads and iPhones for a lot of rich people. Only the most geeky and tech savvy Dads use android, and their wives and kids are all on iOS.
Even if that weren't an idiotic statement it's still absolutely incorrect. He killed two innocent civilians first, that's why he was being sought after before he went on to kill more innocent people.
I never understood why people would provide 90% of the equipment and not ask for a producer credit/power. You could shut down production in an instant, sounds like you're the executive producer and this director needs to get in line.
Can you elaborate? Is that 2250/ton one way or round trip? Highest I saw one way was ~1,620/ton
Saddam kept the peace through brutal violence and mass killings. Unless we're prepared to do the same it's probably a lost cause. Iraq should have been split into three countries, one for each of the major ethnic groups. The "nation" of Iraq didn't exist 100 years ago, and we shouldn't be sending people to die to keep it together.
It's been awhile since I've seen someone get owned as hard as you did just did. Thanks for that.
All of the above are great reasons to seek in-patient psychiatric care.
Nothing right now! But if we had some sort of verification mechanism in place it would stop the general public from getting the low-hanging fruit. Anyone in security will tell you that you'll never stop 100% of the leaks, and that the weakest link in your security is almost always the human element. If we could somehow restrict access based on the number of merits someone has earned for Lavigny, that will give them some skin in the game, both in time invested for our benefit and potential punishments if they defect.
Sorry, I don't think I'm acting culty, nor have I said the system is precious. I hope you get the help you need, please look into Medicaid or possibly low-cost insurance options in a Healthcare exchange in your area.
&gt; People will defect, drop and join powers as they see fit down the road, many people will simply farm the faction modules and move on. Most of those people probably won't be reading strats and plans on this sub though, there are plenty of ways to grind for modules without participating in the RP or strategy side of things. I am interested to hear how EVE players handled OpSec though, I know plenty maintained private forums, IRC channels, etc.
I also never said you called it a scam, may have been one of the voices. You could get help with the forms from a social worker if you really wanted to, any of the hospitals in your area could connect you with one.
Part of the answer may be that there *is no way* to do it effectively without killing the faction in its infancy. I do like the idea of elected leadership having a private sub to discuss strategy though, it's worth exploring.
Does this bank have ATMs?
The constitution that enshrined slavery into law, that constitution was your best example of ideal freedom?
Obama had a veto proof majority in the *Senate* for about 3 weeks. He never had one in the House. You bore me.
I work with a lot of rich people, they aren't carrying around suitcases of cash, they still use ATMs. You're weird.
It's the "Nah nah nah, I can't hear you" style of legislating House Republicans are famous for. Let's do the same for the White House! /s
The **only** laws Sanders has gotten passed in the national legislature have been a Vermont post office naming and a Veterans compensation package. I gave the guy $50 but don't play his legislative record as some great bipartisan achievement.
I'm not hating you, but I am judging you. Your idea of "ideal government" includes institutionalized slavery for black Americans, repression of women, forceful removal of lands and property from Native Americans, and no voting rights for non-land holders. So basically you're saying the "ideal government" is one designed to cater only to rich white men. That deserves some judgement, if not scorn.
&gt; I simply believe the founding fathers had the right idea when it came to establishing freedoms and limits on government. They had the wrong idea on slavery but that is NOT what I am discussing. Get that through your head please. But obviously they didn't have the right idea, because their idea didn't include black Americans, Native Americans, women, or white men who didn't own land. What was so great about the founder's vision of freedom? It doesn't seem at all applicable to our world today, which is why we have 27 Amendments to make it more free.
And in that she's not fundamentally wrong in her point, but she's also missing the big picture^heh. Those photojournalists who can come and go from warzones and impoverished areas also often serve as the most impactful messengers of horrible conditions and increases the likelihood of those places and people getting attention and change. Or she's suggesting that they don't need outside people to see and understand their plight, and that we should leave these communities alone to solve their own problems, with limited exchange of unfiltered information and no opinions asked for. Good luck with that.
Are you and others prepared to pay for local journalism?
Which do you think is more likely, that this trillion dollar industry that's a cornerstone of all Western economies is just a big scam and people "playing around with other people's money", or that it might be too complex for most people with average educations who aren't involved in the industry to truly understand? It's basically the same argument conservatives have against climate change. "I'm not a scientist, but I strongly believe you're lying to these people for profit"
Greenwald has financial incentive to keep the Snowden story in a positive light. http://www.avclub.com/article/glenn-greenwald-loves-sony-now-theyve-bought-right-204717
&gt; He also knows which files he has decided to share and with whom. He did share the whole cache with his boyfriend and sent him through Heathrow Airport with both the encrypted drives and the passcode on his person. Maybe Greenwald isn't the best source for information on Snowden and file security?
Yes, he did. Google it, British intelligence stopped him at the airport. He had the whole kit on him.
Smowden would be dumb to come back because he's guilty of a hell of a lot of crimes, which aren't wiped out because he had some information in there the public should know.
Then you could link me to a source that says definitively that Miranda didn't have the key? Even if he didn't have the key, and I still believe he did based on reports at the time, if the drive was out of his possession for any amount of time there was a tremendous threat.
So it's a he said/they said? If Greenwald was one of the only people known to be in possession of this drive you truly don't think his boyfriend was under surveillance by foreign governments? Obviously the GCHQ was interested, is it such a stretch to think the FSB wasn't as well?
Assange may have blood on his hands, how is that inaccurate? Multiple reporters at the Guardian said Assange wanted to release all of Mannings documents without redactions, and when warned that it could put people in danger Assange said they deserved to be endangered because they were collaborators. http://www.theguardian.com/media/2011/sep/02/why-i-had-to-leave-wikileaks http://littlegreenfootballs.com/article/38609_PBS_FrontLine-_WikiSecrets
Assange and the Guardian had no way of knowing what the outcome would be. Assange made an educated decision to release unredacted files and said people should be exposed to danger because they were collaborators with the Americans. Are you really defending that behavior and saying its acceptable because he was thankfully wrong about the danger he was willing to expose people to?
I see, so you're completely ignoring Assange's behavior because it doesn't fit your pre-conceived narrative. I like you, you sum up all the problems with the Wikileaks/Snowden movement, in that you're really no different than the people you claim to be against. It's all a twisted mirror where no one can acknowledge that all sides are dirty and have incentive to lie. You just find your side's lies more palatable than the others.
Eh, who gives a shit? My point is you're fine accepting single sources of hearsay evidence as long as you like the source, and when presented with contradictory evidence you cling to the flimsy shit you like better.
&gt; You claimed without properly investigating that GHCQ accessed encrypted Snowden files using the password Miranda had on him when they didn't. LIAR. I never said GCHQ accessed the files. You're making that up to paint the picture you want of me. &gt;The Sunday Times has already retracted one lie in their bullshit article. Yes, Greenwald and Miranda are infinitely more reliable and honest than the U.S. and U.K. governments on this topic. That just shows your immaturity. You shouldn't take any source at their word, you should demand evidence. Worshiping at Greenwalds altar just makes you look gullible. &gt;You also claimed Ellsberg "won his trial" which is patently false, and you failed to mention Ellsberg has showered Snowden in effuse praise repeatedly, while trying to use Ellsberg to malign Snowden. The case was dismissed. Ellsberg won. &gt;Yet they "have the password" which they found on Miranda. What utter horse shit. You obviously have the entire story from her sentence fragment. You should get a pulitzer.
I'm not your mate, buddy.
I present facts and sources, you bring invective and ad hominem attacks. I've already won.
I vote in primaries and elections, I volunteer and donate money to my candidates, and I make sure I'm educated about my community, industry and the world. I feel like I'm doing pretty good. So jousting for internet points is fun mad reaffirms my belief that I'm smarter than most of you.
Why are you glorifying Hitler? In fact, are you equating civic participation with Nazism? No wonder kids today can't get anything done, they're idiots.
You're right, I shouldn't be arguing with children.
We said the same thing about getting Obama elected, and he had significant margins that should have meant a mandate. He was blocked at every turn. A rep or Senator from the deep south or Texas or Orange County doesn't need to worry about national movements or elections, only their own seat and constituents. An individual can gum up the works pretty badly.
&gt;A precise figure, however, is known for how much the Obama campaign and the DNC raised during the second quarter of the year: $86 million. Thus, at least $1 out of every $8 that the DNC and Obama campaign raised came thanks to a bundler connected to the finance, insurance and real estate industry. $1 out of every $8 doesn't seem like an egregious amount, to me. People who have more money will donate more money.
True, but only about 12.5% of Obama's contributions came from the the financial industry. http://www.opensecrets.org/news/2011/07/financial-sector-helps-barack-obama/
But I want change now! And if I don't get it in one election I'll cover my ears and stomp my feet and claim the whole system is rigged and never vote again.
Wouldn't people be paying off our huge personal debts rather than putting it back into the economy? It'll just be going back to the banks for years.
They were searching for terrorists, not your grow op.
Three words: Supreme Court Appointments
Wasted your time? Do something about it, Internet tough guy.
You're reprehensible.
Not in the least.
That's called a straw purchase, or they could use the "gun show loophole" to get around it too. It's the loopholes that makes most gun laws toothless, unfortunately.
There are ten states with gun license laws, and they have shown a marked decrease in gun related murders as a result: http://www.cnn.com/2015/06/12/us/gun-law-homicide-drop/
And rarely enforced.
I really don't give a fuck.
I really don't give a fuck.
Nah, my opinion counts as much as yours. And I vote 😀
From your shitty source? Yeah.
Random mandatory home checks.
I don't really care to defend it to you, since you'll never change your mind. Don't worry, we'll have plenty more of these shootings so you can get your argument jollies.
Hot tip: don't keep that shot in your house
I really don't care to try to solve the gun problem on a reddit thread. What does it gain me?
https://youtu.be/lbOtyWTRZ_g?t=11s
Why my comment would have more impact on their opinion on the issue than 9 dead people in a church is truly beyond my comprehension.
Take me away to internet court!
Who said anything about them making my argument right? I said it would have more impact on their opinion than my comments ever will. What, 30 or 40 people might see my refusing to waste more energy arguing with an anonymous person on the internet? Please, I'm not that deluded, I hope you aren't either.
Not with you.
Only since the 60s.
No one's talking about banning the flag. They're talking about choosing not to use it on official state property.
Steve Forbes and Herman Cain are republicans
Because no poor people ever benefitted from rural electrification or the interstate highway system. Do you actually hear yourself or is it just a drone of "freemarket freemarket freemarket" in your head 24/7?
Yeah, they want all the benefits of a modern western society but with none of the sacrifices!
Sorry, but it's pretty obvious you have no idea what you're talking about. The rural electrification movement in the US relied heavily on hydroelectric and wind power, and later nuclear. It wasn't just hydrocarbon burning solutions. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rural_electrification#United_States https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tennessee_Valley_Authority#Facilities But you're right, all those poverty-stricken people during the Great Depression should have considered the environmental impact there would be 70 years in the future and refused rural electrification. By your reasoning we'd all be better off today if they'd been left with 18th century technology, or, better yet, died off altogether.
You seem unhinged, I'm done here.
&gt;Certainly post war much more could have been done to rebuild the south instead of punishing them. Does it have the same emotional payoff as making them pay? No. Is it better for the nation in the long run? Yes. Maybe that would have been possible if they hadn't assassinated Lincoln.
Fortunately Chris Rock is not a judge
Considering that a large number of people, politicians and pundits are trying to play off his massacre as targeting the church for "religious" reasons rather than racial reasons his motivations are fairly important for the national discussion.
So you know how much more he loves his dad than anyone else loves theirs.
&gt; but predominately today, it's not. It is synonymous with "it's a southern thing". Can you prove that? While we're throwing around anecdotal evidence, the number of people who fly the confederate battle flag and aren't racist is pretty low in my experience. In fact, I've never met anyone who flew the stars 'n' bars who wasn't an unapologetic racist.
But those people are dumb.
So your answer is passing a law to restrict news media's freedom of speech during tragedies and other national news events, so the government can't "sneakily" do their jobs voting on something that's been on a public schedule for weeks. Nope, not ironic at all.
Separate but equal always works!
Except for the slave owning bit.
There's no need to deify him, America is a wide and diverse place. That means our best leaders are those who can wisely navigate broad coalitions. If Sanders can't do that he doesn't deserve to be president more than anyone else running.
You are all over the place right now.
I have no doubt he'll be able to turn people out for the primaries, it's after that that's even more important.
You're saying his behavior is perfectly normal up to the point he commits the murders. That only the homicidal urge is what makes it mental illness. That's crazy, and isn't applied or afforded to any other group of mass murders, from radical jihadists to gang members.
Well, he did a lot more than just say things. He actively recruited and instructed other Americans to attack the U.S. from within. Also his son wasn't intentionally targeted, he just happened to be surrounded by radical jihadists after his father brought him to Yemen to join Al-Queda to collect his "Father of the Year" award.
