And 9 years after the battle of the Beanfeild, Thatcher introduced the 1994 Criminal Justice bill, completing the demonisation of hippies, ravers, youth culture and those that just dare to be different.
Don't you tell me what I can do or not do. I'm going to give you an up vote because I have no idea what the solution to your problem is.
Ha - I'm going to up vote this as well now even though its a reply to a post that has been deleted. All hail chaos!!
Cost of living up, income down to 2000 levels, increase in VAT, Wife lost her job due to government funding cuts - small adjustment in income tax threshold.
I'd go all out for the [dick move](http://www.gear4music.com/PA-DJ-and-Lighting/800W-PA-Bundle-with-Power-Amp-Speakers-and-Cables/ODF) personally. Crank it up for a week then politely ask to discuss noise reduction. Edit: I don't give good advice!
So, a family with 2 kids is going to get £440. Does anyone know of anywhere in the UK you can rent a 3 bedroom house for £440 p/m? As an aside, if you have a few quid, now is the time to convert your property to a B&amp;B and charge £60 per room per night to the council as emergency housing. Your going to get a very good return for your investment...
&gt;“Hundreds of schools, often in disadvantaged areas, are already being turned around thanks to the help of strong academy sponsors" Really,I thought only the first schools to go through the process of acadmaisation were only just starting to go through OFSTEAD inspections. I remember reading that about 63% of schools that had been acadamised were now doing worse that they were before they were privatised. That said, there is an issue with new academies being counted as new schools and a few changes to OFSTEAD so quantifying any loss or gain before and after is, I believe almost impossible anyway, so however you look at this, Morgan is speaking out of her arse again. On a personal note - my kids school was acadamised and it's gone down hill fast. Unfortunately there appears to be no way to sack the academy in charge or swap them for a different, more able provider.
It saves the government money, negates their responsibility to provide education (if it fails) and you can make a shit load of money if you supply the academy trusts.
&gt; If they don't like a trust, they can leave it and join a different one. How does this work in practice? There certainly isn't a complaints procedure in place out side of the trust itself. My kids school is run by an Academe Trust and we (parents, governors and staff) seem unable to find *any* way to change them for a different, more able provider.
Good or bad, a job is a job, but it does look like the NE is the only place in the country where unemployed family's will be able to live.
high-quality jobs.... that are deeply involved with the international arms trade.
Thanks for the reply. The contract / agreement is very wooly and was signed I believe by the LEA.
Oh! Yeah... Ummm my bad!
Hmmm... Still think I might retire to a beach in Mozambique though.
I would agree with you but unfortunately circumstance sometimes dictates that an ideal situation is not possible.
Thanks for the reply
HaHa... I can tell you don't have kids. Threat my arse. Produce a "Fun / Treat sized" anything and you get to see a whole range of emotions from quivering lipped disappointment through to violent rage. On the other hand, get a normal mars bar and just it up into six equally sized (but smaller bits) and they are more than happy.
Not at all. Its weird though because I can cut up a mars bar into 6 equal bits and they love it, even though its about 10% smaller than an individual fun sized one. Its like they realise the whole fun sized thing is a con and would prefer to share the standard sized one. Mind you, it might just be the older ones trolling me and getting the little girls to back them with violent protest. Pro tip - Never train females to be strong willed and confident individuals.
Personally I stopped smoking when I couldn't get hold of resins easily.
Don't be stupid - With GCHQ watching us and plans to remove the human rights act, the government is working damn hard to make sure there will never be a revolution. All you are going to get is a deliberately ill educated working class watched over by a ruling elite. Anyone with half a brain and a chance of escaping will have left to live somewhere else.
Neither is cutting benefits for the disabled, monitoring the entire population or scrapping human rights. Admittedly the housing crisis and explosion in zero hours contracts is subjective though as a lot of people are making a lot of money out of exploiting both. As I said, it boils down though to what you call a "functional country".
Fair enough. If someone told me it was spicy chicken, I would probably eat it regardless of how much or little I had had to drink. Fucking sea snails though - that's just minging.
Apple crumble is a good idea. I'm meant to be showing them what great food we have here and you want me to serve them gurle like some 13c peasant? I'm from Cornwall and not Scotland. I don't have to make them eat stuff like that!
As a family man myself, I would go for both options.
:(
&gt; What's wrong with chillies Nothing in my book although I do have form for making kids cry with my food. Alot!
And if you go to any farmers market (livestock not yuppie) you can get a whole chicken for £1.00. OK its a bit fresh but if you can't prepare it you shouldn't eat it.
&gt; afternoon tea Yeah good one - afternoon tea! Clotted cream and scones. I can't believe I forgot this! I'm trying to do as many "traditional" English dishes as possible so I'm staying away our normal fair which is mainly Mediteranian / Middle Eastern / Asian for the most part. Saying that though I might do a Pad Tai and Chicken Satay for some of the breakfasts as I'm running out of ideas that stretch beyond cereal / gruel.
&gt;fresh fruits, salads and home cooked meals with plenty of colourful veg As per normal then (we are smug "cooked from scratch" fuckers down here in Cornwall) :) Anyway, as the resident pro foodie - can you recommend any traditional regionally appropriate dishes? (I have to say that otherwise haggis will end up being mentioned)
Really? Can I ask why it doesn't sit with you? Do you not make a mental connection between a roast chicken and a living bird or do you just see it as something from Tesco you can bung in the oven? If it was a bad childhood experience, how do you distance your self from that and your Sunday roast? I'm not being arsey here but do I find this interesting. To me it seems very natural and normal (Upbringing I guess) and even my kids primary school annually raise a few pigs as a project and get them turned into sausages to flog at the school fate. Mind you, its a very rural school and there are a lot of farmers kids there.
Took the brood for a walk on Dartmoor. Had egg sandwiches and pork pies whilst the kids played in a river, then returned home and made some pizza dough whilst Mrs Dwair spent 30 minuets persuading the toddler to leave the safety of the car and come into the house. Cider planned for later.
Fair enough I suppose - I wouldn't want to kill anything that I had an emotional attachment to. The thing is, you don't form an attachment to live stock. They are like co-workers or something. Pets yes a attachment is made (and I wept for days when one of my 4 dogs had to be put down) but live stock I just don't have an issue with outside their welfare. As you say, its your upbringing and what you are used to. I guess my upbringing (ex pat kid in about 6 African countries) and then 20 odd years doing the same as an adult means fresh meat prep is very normal for me, but here in the UK we are completely insulated from the process. Half the stuff sold in supermarkets doesn't even look like meat let alone a bit of a cow, and you never see people slaughtering animals in everyday life. In Africa, its on every rural street corner. Get chickens if you can - they are great. Go to a live stock market and buy a bunch for a few quid and let them go free range. If you want to eat one fine - you have given them a bit od a good life. If not, its still fine and they will have a great time.
The thing is, as one of the most deprived and under developed parts of Europe, Cornwall gets a massive amount of funding from the EU - because the county doesn't get it from Westminster (hence being hugely deprived in the first place) Now some would argue that if Westminster didn't have give the money to the EU, Cornwall would receive more from central government. This is a great idea - only no one at Westmister has said they will match the EU funding, or even give any development funds at all to the county. As far as the Cornish can see, that cash, as it has been in the past, will be diverted to the SE.
No - I didnt miss the /s but I wanted hammer home the idea that parts of the UK ~~rely~~ on the EU to survive to those who didn't realise it and thought that payments to the EU were one sided. I grew up in Cornwall, lived for 20 years in Gwynedd and then moved back down south to Cornwall so I understand how hard it would be on an area if funding was removed.
&gt;Their judicial review challenges were the first to be brought against the coalition government's decision in 2014 to narrow eligibility for an award Not sure who else to throw the blame at as the Torys held dominant position by way of the vast majority of seats.
We, in the Dwair household, have started to use a numbering system as it means they are easier to keep track of. Saying that though, we use a lot of nick names too. At the moment the Toddler is being called "Arse Baby" and all the other kids have taken great delight in printing out loads of labels with this on it and sticking them on all her stuff. (She is called "Arse Baby" as she is firmly embedded in the terrible twos and quite frankly is being an arse most of the time)
Clever people with charts telling us how fucked and hopless we are.
&gt; Loss of a limb wouldn't stop me working. No, but a heart attack and mild stroke would if you work in IT. I has me, and I am no where near disabled nor count myself as such. Really, check your insurance as none of mine pay out as I wasn't "ill" enough not to work after 5 weeks but certainly ill enough that I had to fold 2 very profitable businesses after growing them for 25 years. Also don't count being fit and healthy living as insurance either - I actually tried to run off my heart attack as I thought 10k over the moors would "loosen" me up a bit and the fresh air would do me good. 4 years seeing what its like on the other side of the fence has shown me what can go wrong despite planning well and being self made, so wind your arrogance in a bit please. Edit - Oh yeah, I forgot. I also support 2 children and 4 step children as well - which used to be OK on £80k net a year
It might be safe and friendly but why does he keep his eggs in the fridge? I reckon that's a bit suspicious if you ask me.
So the UK is still the "Sick man of Europe" and we had to endure Thatcher for nothing? Great. That's really, really, great.
Undercover police pin down and shoot a brown person with rucksack in the head multiple times seemingly at random and in cold blood after following him onto the tube. The CPS decide that this is acceptable behavior. Much consternation and gnashing of teeth follows as the UK reveals its shoot to kill policy involving brown people and rucksacks.
Galloway is a dick but he is right. London *is* run by &amp; for the elite.
Disclosure legislation surrounding breaches is a fair point, however I feel that it is up to the individual company involved to make sure they metaphorically lock the door when they go out. That said, as Blue Coat point out - its still not going to stop employees telling people where the keys are kept.
Lots and lots of desperate people without jobs make for a good captive market.
Na - we just ditched Sky as there was very little stuff on that anybody watched. Thanks for the offer though
Fair enough - this really should be TheRedLion ^TM with fully accredited creators. Mind you, what with yourself and Moonies heavy handed and dictatorial presence in the wings and the continuous manipulation of content for your own nefarious ends, I can see how the grass may be greener.
Wasn't this discussed last year and it was decided the thing you needed most in your life was a large two handed broad sword?
This weekend I had man flu or TB. Not sure which but my chest actually hurts from all the coughing. Not my lungs, but the muscles round my ribs. And I have a throat like I have been swallowing glass.
Na - I'm with your brother in law on this. Compared to other trousers they are massively uncomfortable My other comment... &gt; They are cold in winter and chafe like mad when its wet. In the summer they are really sweaty and unless you get a really baggy and weird looking pair, you can't move your legs in them. Also the pockets are rubbish so you end up carrying a bag with you as you mince up the street like a bad parody of a 1970's Thai lady boy.
Gosh - Snowden is being smeared by officials and departments that he blew the whistle on! I didn't see that one coming. So basically the powers that be are trying make out that he's the bad guy and that it was wrong to disclose the nefarious and illegal actions of our government. In my mind that makes the nameless sanctimonious twats who prowl silently down the carpeted corridors of Whitehall, just that little bit more vile and despicable than they were before.
Humans - Yup. Lots of potential there. I will watch that and not only because Katherine Parkinson is in it (We likes 'er. We likes 'er in a special way we does) Have you watched Fringe? My self and Mrs Dwair got hooked on that last year and did 5 seasons over about 6 weeks.
I don't believe that /u/Samson--Strange is downvotes4 or any of the other Samsons for that matter. They are all different people masquerading as different accounts masquerading as the same person.
I fucking knew it.
You can't leave it hanging like that... How did it go?
Its all that inner anger mate. You need to listen to some Debussy or some nice 16c Choral shit in the morning rather than Thrash Death Hip-Hop or what ever...
Sounds good. Fingers crossed they are a Keeper. (Just don't shown them your collection of used litmus papers yet in case you scare them off)
Can we have a riot now? Please!
&gt;the internet age, the time of apathy So true, much sad.
Over priced and dubious quality then?
Descent food, workers rights, effective unions... that kind of thing guess.
Edit - wrong post!
Well done you! I couldn't imagine trying to do an exam with a migraine. I haven't had one in years thank god but I do remember them as being particularly vile and debilitating.
&gt; maybe if i stop being fat they'll go away though Na - I was very fit and healthy, had a great diet and all that jaz and it still buggered me up. Better to not miss the opportunity of pies now while you still can if you ask me. If the truth be told, what really kicked it off for me was Mrs Dwair proposing to me in the morning. 10am she's asking for my hand ect. By 12 I'm asking to be driven to A&amp;E as I felt a bit weird and had chest pains.
There are a lot of us about ;)
&gt; You are such an apologist No I just want you to explain why you think the Middle East is better now, post Blair, that it was before. If you really want a bonus question, how is this justifiable? Even if you just take Iraq, a single country - Unisef put a figure of 500,000 children dead due to collateral war damage and the effects of sanctions, how is this justifiable? Its no good idolising the man if you can't put up any sort of defence against his actions.
I agree and I'm the first person to oppose UKIP. Without smaller poo parties we are stuck with an American two horse race, and have the choice of the lesser of two evils. Ha - just seen the auto correct. I'm going to leave it though as its quite apt really :)
When something shits on you repeatedly from a great height, you owe it little allegiance. If you cannot change the system, all you can do is change your involvement with it. Emigration is a good option. Don't let a miss directed feeling of loyalty hold you back. The UK will not be loyal to you. Go abroad for a few years. I did more or less through out all the Thatcher years and THB it was great and I regret coming back 15 years ago.
Just one of the many reasons why leaving the EU is a bad idea.
Marketing / brand awareness done right by "[First day of spring](http://www.fdos.nl/)" a dutch marketing company. Pushing [Kipling](http://www.kipling.com/uk-en/) fashion bags.
No a good example. I don't think that the NHS has quotas yet, for say, removing sick people from the system by not curing them and letting them die. If this was an isolated incident I would agree with you - but its not. It could have also been rectified in the first instance - but it was not.
&gt; The country has rightfully decided that far too many people are living off the state. Wasn't it something like 32% of the people who voted - ie a small majority? Anyway - Who the hell is "You lot"? I always thought that "respect" was something that was earned. At least that's what I was taught and its something I am passing on to my children. I'm certainly not going to respect a government that deliberately the most vulnerable people in its society, nor the people that support it.
I guess that it depends on what laws that country has. Not that long ago they used to shoot people for trying to leave Eastern block counties.
Nothing wrong with a well worn growler having a molt.
&gt; Isn't there some kind of miracle drug out yet Cocaine?
The UK - Supporting and arming oppressive regimes the world over.
EEEKKK!! Glad you are ok mate - those things *really* scare me.
If this was by a friend or someone I knew, I would feel the same. Unfortunately its a whole lot more random than that.
Hmm - your the second person that's likened me to Bill Oddie recently. I'm not sure I like where this is heading.
The UK - Supporting and arming oppressive regimes the world over.
Bill the police and include a fee for the 3 weeks your car has been out of action? That way they might at least tell you who the other driver is.
Happy Birthday!! Have a good library. (E for Edana?)
Very little. I would guess that there are more than a few names at Lloyds who are senior FO staff and stakeholders at Tomas Cook. The travel company et al will have insured against loses created by this advice being given so I cant see "Sir Twonk" issuing a statement that is going to potentially cost him millions.
I did this 5 years ago. Had a bi-pass and got better although I'm disappointed I spent so many years going for a run and eating cabbage. Good luck with it all.
I mean... we *could* be attacked by giant space hamsters too...
"Never do today what you can put off until tomorrow"
Yeah - but its the latest Conservative government that has really gone to town on the whole idea. They are the ones rather than repealing the regulatory powers have strengthened them - and are seeking to make them stronger again.
This £13k we are paying in tax. Does this include VAT, Fuel Duty, Import Duty and Council Tax or is it based solely on income tax?
&gt;If the UK were to put more funding into staff and software tools to track transactions and build up a profile of users, it would help banks and other private financial services to do a job they've largely taken upon themselves. Said Keatinge. &gt; 70 transactions worth a total of $80,000 from 54 senders in 17 different countries between April and September 2014. $80k is not going to fund a war. $80k is chicken feed. It might however be enough to give the Police, GCHQ and god knows who else enough of an excuse to profile the general public with say minor tax fraud if they want. If the UK was serious about stopping funding, they need to look at controlling major sponsors - such as the house of Saud and other Middle Eastern pipelines from Kuwait and Quatar . This however wouldn't perpetuate the destabilisation of the reign needed as a smoke screen to protect those invested in maintaining a solid flow of wealth and oil out of the Gulf.
I just Googled it and found its more popular than I thought! You can even [mount them in Crocs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I-VCmaoU0G8)
Livin' the dream babe, just livin' the dream.
27.9 deg in my shed. The ambient heat from the servers is making it horrid :(
Yeah - but its the humidity that gets you. 27-28 in the UK feels like the 40's in a dry desert heat. Over about 45 in the sun and your sweat evaporates strait off you so you don't even feel very sticky.
Ha - I don't have mission critical stuff running very often, The shed is more a staging post between my clients, my work and places like Rackspace where it all ends up. With my internet connection only going above 0.5meg in the last 3 months, I could hardly be hosting stuff myself (its now 79.95 so I'm well chuffed :) As for VM's - I already use them quite bit for testing stuff. However, One widows box emulates my shared win hosting, one is a copy of a clients server, the Linux box emulates my shared Linux hosting. I have another box that deals with all my office stuff like exchange, git and backs up everything and throws it off site. My office pc connects to everything so I work on that. In the Right Corner I have my lappy that I use for Reddit and in the Left Corner I have a box running Kali Linux that the kids use for torrenting copies of Frozen and Yo Gabba Gabba (at least that's what they tell me they are doing with it) For the most part all this is laziness - I can work by just changing screens and clicking connect to xyz and jobs done. I could use a VM for it all but hot swapping environments all the time confuses me.
[shed pic](http://i.imgur.com/Fm8lKc0.jpg) For some clients yes, others I build bespoke websites or design db's for.
So I take it you live in part of the country lucky enough to have public transport and you are rich enough to be able to afford the massive hikes in living costs associated with picking and transporting your cabbages then?
Ain't no-body saying it's a lie.
What part of London? I generally visit West so usually Hammersmith / Fullam near to where I am going? If you want to be near a tube, around Barons Court is good for spaces. TBH I have never found London any worse than anywhere else for parking really.
&gt;FiL and BiL What are these? I am old and I don't understand youth speak. Edit: and by youth I mean anybody under 30
And reddit gets a little more like mumsnet every...
Pre-booking car hire and flights make them cheaper too - which was the point I was making, and why I was comparing standard fares. The cheapest I have seen Bristol / Marrakech was £7.50 return. I don't think I can get out of the county on that by train at any time.
