Why? Buffalo already had Shady and FredEx. Off-field issues aside there is no need for him in Buffalo. Now a cast off CB, OG, QB sure but not another RB.
So... about that suicide pact.
What about Darcy? I can't think of a team with two assistant GM's.
Perhaps OWA is disabled in an attempt to prevent email leaking out of the LAN.
That's great. Do you know of a version that also works for scheduled tasks?
Yes. I should have been more clear. That way you can find any tasks and services running as a user.
I have a three bombers of Southern Tier creme brulee stout that I would gladly trade.
That was a really good question OP. Follow up to /u/vTSE assuming there is over-subscription leading to some core contention (2x4vCPU, 2x2vCPU, 4x1vCPU) would the same statement be true? Would the 2x4vCPU systems be split up between pCPU or could you have contention on one PCPU with 8vCPU trying to access 6pCPU, while the other 8(2x2vCPU + 4x1vCPU) try to access 6pCPU?
While Bern's is good I dont find it any more special than one of the better steakhouses you can get in any other city. That's not to say it is not good. But if I were visiting in Tampa i would look for a Tampa thing to do. If were were in the mid-west then you can say steak.
I mean 4 vCPU (two VMs), 2 vCPU (two VMs), 1 vCPU (four VMs). That way I am putting 16 vCPU in 12 pCPU.
I thought that was Rollins at first.
So he is basically Morn IRL.
5.56 will fix any PC. :)
Pm me.
Just like Clarkson, eh?
Dont forget Risto.
Just rolled in. I picked up milk.
/u/dredding is not the manager or anything else. Before gaspars was the place on friday it was dunderbacks, however it moved to gaspars to be more central for people. Heck the first one i went to was 6 people.
&gt; giant sink holes Buffalo calls them potholes on the highway. Fuck you 198!
I was nice meeting you as well. I hope to see you again soon.
http://www.salon.com/2014/04/11/6_most_absurd_things_the_christian_right_has_blamed_on_gays_partner/
There is also /r/tampajobs which is fairly active. I personally think you are a bit low on the floor of 45k. 55-70k sounds a bit closer, however housing in tampa has gone up quickly so look at the total cost of living.
Chris Gratton
So basically Adam Oates?
I would not disagree the Thornton was more dominant. I guess my point was how many people think of Oates as an elite dominant player. For the most part time has forgotten him for the casual fan and I think the same will be true of Jumbo Joe; Loved in SJ and remembered by players of the era but no more. Having said that Oates is in the HoF, so there is that.
If it doesn't break NDA can you give me a rough break down of what you purchased?
How much raw storage?
a two for one special of Bickell and Oduya. We get the rights to the latter by taking the former.
A six pack of Kane's choice and future considerations if Oduya signs.
Done on the condition Kaner drinks it all before the next sabres game.
You know I'm down.
Sr systems, what does that mean? LAMP stack, cisco, WIMP, as always more details are always good.
Speaking of which I have two 4 Day Passes including the Friday Masquerade ball. I spent 190 for them. If anyone wants to buy them let me know.
https://imgflip.com/i/mq0le
We could set up a slip 'n slide on the hill.
That's OK, I'm a Sabres fan living in Tampa. How do you feel about prospects and picks for your riot gear? I miss the lack of fun smack talk between towns in the playoffs.
I was thinking a good dog, your awesome pizza, goose island, etc...
Done! That's a perfect example.
While it may have a skyline they are still working on the snow thing.
McDavid is a better player but there is something very fitting about Buffalo getting a US born player with a chip on his shoulder who works hard, perhaps drinks a bit too much, he is just so Buffalo.
Ooh... that looks neat.
Shot glass works for me.
How do you feel about cigars?
I thought about that but I dont see how a cuban could be shipped up. Having said that Cubans are the bomb.
He didn't want to live in a world where subreddits are banned.
Channeling their inner Corey Perry to be a dick. I hope you publicly shamed the user.
It will be great to see you for an extended period. Are you bringing the Missus?
I can either do beer or cigars. I'm trying to keep it under $20 that way people don't flake. Let me know how you like your cigars or style of beer.
Well that's a given. :) If you ship it down I'll post a video/pic of a bunch of bolts fans doing a shot.
For the cost of that I could probably ship an actual cuban to make it and have them take the ingredients as carry on. Which while awesome would be wholly impractical.
&gt; 3-4 years. We still use dell 755 for a lot of users desktop when the are using TS, RemoteApp or other server side apps 90% of the time. Those boxes are 7+ years old.
Thank the gods we dont have that. All we have is cigars and strippers.
As a counter to your job I have two main reps i go through. One I inherited and one found me. I love them both and send about 250k through each. Neither call me more than once a month (5-10 Min) and I have gone quarters with out actually talking to them. One is a local VAR the other a national chain (rot13 PQJ). Neither of them sell me anything, what the do is offer purching opportunities to help me alleviate pain points at my company. Frankly they may know my company better than I do. They both are perfect *partners*. Conversely, I get cold called all the time and none of them have closed.
What is the Sales response to "I'm interested but not this quarter/year call me back in six months"?
I love it.
&gt; How much money are you losing by not handling this now?" My response to that is typically $0. I dont want you to know my internal number and leverage that for later.
&gt; two guys Guy and a woman WFIW. Heck my PQJ guy has not sold me anything in months and he still took me to 3 sporting games and a dinner. We talked business 75% of the time. From that he knows I'm spending probably 200k on storage and 150k of VoIP this year. However like I said, he rarely calls me to sell. Only to touch base and keep his pipeline working. I wish every rep was like that.
&gt; T&amp;E case Travel and expense?
He didnt even go to Buffalo first. You traded him to the Islanders for a 4th rounder.
They got brought over when we hired a new director.
Yea, problem is the goals would roll into both nets with that line, a questionable D and no goalie as of yet.
9 F and 6 D. Three lines is the future. /s
If you have carpet I've found that baking soda sprinkled on the carpet 15-20 before vacuuming help remove many of the smells.
Sound good. There you go Detroit (four 2nd rounders and two 3rds) I know you are going to pick some Scandinavian I've never head of who turns out to be an all star. Actually now that I think about it that might be a fair trade. I doubt it happens but the value according to charts is actually right. It's also a heck of a way to start a rebuild. http://donttellmeaboutheart.blogspot.com/2014/11/nhl-draft-pick-value-chart.html
33 overall but not 16.
Fred Jackson. Good RB who gets supplanted time and time again yet still would be a starter on half the teams, which I believe the *the* definition of the Dalton line.
Nor do we need to worry about cap hit for the next two years. Not a lot of teams can absorb $8Mil/yr.
Dont forget 900k+ of that can get buried in the AHL if need be. For a 500k cap hit he could, if need be, mentoring the kids in the last year.
It would mean Buffalo gets the best draft pick.
http://lmgtfy.com/?q=amazon+glacier+encryption Q: Is my data encrypted? Yes, all data in the service will be encrypted on the server side. Amazon Glacier handles key management and key protection for you. Amazon Glacier uses one of the strongest block ciphers available, 256-bit Advanced Encryption Standard (AES-256). 256-bit is the largest key size defined for AES. Customers wishing to manage their own keys can encrypt data prior to uploading it. http://aws.amazon.com/glacier/faqs/ Having said that, since they manage the keys you could make the argument that is not as secure as it could be.
So what is Toronto trading Kessel for and how will it help the Leafs win the cup...
You're trying to get all the NPR strippers to come over aren't you. I see your ulter motives.
Just pulled in.
It was nice meeting you and your wife who apparently moved under table via magic.
Well you could measure once and cut twice. Either way there will always be three actions.
Close enough is good enough for me!
ITT tech = trashcan
Rehire Nonis. Otherwise i think the leafs have done a good enough job on their own.
I edited an HP option in as well if you could ballpark that.
Where did you pull those photos from? I'd love to see some old aerial photos to see Tampa's growth.
Well there goes my weekend.
Awesome!
And to think our cheap ass team let him walk for money. While I like Eric Wood that was not close to a fair deal. SMH
Lord knows we have enough practice with booing his father.
Let's not get ahead of ourselves now.
&gt; "lol no one hacks" I had the same thought for a while. My response was always that "perhaps the player is just better than you." then I watched a few games as spectator. You see someone move to where their target will be in 3 seconds which is not possible if the target is on the other side of a wall. 30 degree tuns for a perfect headshot while the sniper is running, etc... Funny thing is if they turned the amount of improbability down a bit to just help a little as compared to a lot I dont think you would get anyone complaining as noone would know. One of there days I should probably get a paid copy of LMAO and test it out to see exactly how it works. OTOH I'm not 15 and have a life outside.
My first thought was Risto plus the Buffalo first. Too high a price on the Buffalo side and probably not enough for Oil fans.
If you are referring to my second paragraph I meant more in the hook Wireshark and IDA pro up and see what it actually does.
I doubt it. TM seems really happy with a 1/2 punch of Eichel/Samson. Also the trade of Kane makes no sense in that context.
I'm thinking the top of the Riv.
Wait, Buffalo has a 1st string QB?
EKane is 24, you dont get him to build a core around 20-24 year olds (EKane, Samson, Grigs, Ennis, Risto, etc...) just to move a 20 year old for an 18 year old in a position that will take longer to develop (Hanifin) or is not as good relative to the core (Strome/Marmer) in two years.
I swear pyro is the most thankless job next to medic. You spend the whole game spy checking so nobody get back-stabbed and your team is like "W+M1 pyro!!"
We really need a Larry Robinson award for best defensive D-man.
In south Buffalo those dogs are solid 8s.
So Boston now has 13, 14 and 15.
I read that as "to get (attack) (Ryan) Miller"
Wait he got shadowbanned? How did i miss this?
Yes.
/u/trollabot kenfury
