Youll be fine as long as you hit the up button.
The vile apostrophe pollutes all
Good luck finding one in the US.
My bad I guess, I have just never seen one for sale, but i may not be looking in the correct area
Dresden would have hired Kincaid to shoot him in the head the day before the fight. Dresden doesn't need to dick around with expelearmus
I was a member briefly, I let the membership lapse after some of the political bullshit mailers I started getting from them, conservative crap that had nothing to do with the 2nd amendment
And the bank can pay you restitution for their fuckup, or the yard guys can pay. Its not like they mowed the lawn, they did permanent damage to features of the landscape.
YOU CANNOT DISAGREE WITH MY "BOWEL MOVEMENT" IT IS THE ONE TRUE MOVEMENT!!
DONT LISTEN TO THOSE YELLOW RUNNING DOG LACKEYS OF THE PROLETOILET
I think blowing g up the moon is the first sentence, so not much
An overreaction to the poster family of hypocrisy who this all molesters should be killed, who's son had a job as head of a nationals organization spreading propaganda that gays are child molesters, while his dad covered it up and let it go on for 3+ more years and 4 more kids that we know about? And then none of them got any proper counseling because jeebus? When the jackals es make it all about God forgiving them, and not a fucking thought to the actual victims? No, it's not overblown.
She ain't borderline
Might want to confirm this, embassy just has to get you back to us soil, might mean just California, and not new York, but they will generally do what they can.
Good enough.
Give him a peanut butter sandwich. Everything likes peanut butter, and and since this is Australian, if he likes you, he will kill you last.
24 hour CVS may have something that will work.
Bird?? I thought it was the harpoon point
My grandfather was pretty much gone at the end, but when I showed him my new Swiss army knife he immediately started trying to take apart the chair he was strapped into. Muscle memory is amazing.
Have one with hole in heart and missing valve. Just found out, he's On meds, he's about 8 and the said he has about a year or two. Expensive vet visits, and your pet insurance won't cover it probably.
Separate blankets
Sounds like a good idea
I do this. Doesn't phase me
I think i have a copy of nasas own space habatat study book from the 70s/80. Pm me tuesadysih when I am home again, I might be able to send you info.
Firehouses. They are pretty good about helping out runners. Source: Dad was a runner, your mileage may vary.
Given time, yes.
I'll be in my wine cellar.
Yeah, I saw that a few years ago. The documentary was more recent, they spent a lot of time figuring out the number of teeth on the gears and things like that, but it seemed like thy had rebuilt and accounted for all the bits they had.
Hes not even that fluffy for a samoyed.
More crippling than than circumcising boys, or getting infants ears pierced, but same basic idea.
You got off easy. Source: Have dad.
At high doses water is lethal.
fuck em, couter with 1$ less
Yesss, boss.
Any movie that has Bruce Campbell in it is by definition a good movie.
Wtf happened now?
Yep, but some people just declare their purse dog an emotional support animal to take him shopping, whereas some people have dogs trained to stop ptsd panic attacks. Hence the debate
Mom is obviously trying to do something shady, or she would get the license herself.
Then your mom should take the damn licensing class and get the license and access herself, and then get you to translate if that all she really wants. Your mom is doing something g shady, , and settings g you up to take all the risks. I guarantee your if you do this 2 years from now you'll be doing an ama about what it's like to be a felon in Canada
Your mom is pressuring you to commit fraud by exporting you. Are there other family members you could go to? Conversely, I ft his is all legal, have her write up her proposal, sign it, and you can take it to the states attorney general or real estate licensing people and give her proposal to them to ask about the legality. If it's all as above board as she's saying, then there should be no problem, right? THIS IS HOW PEOPLE GO TO JAIL.
You are coming out on the short end of the deal, and your mom is screws g you. Talk to the rest of the family.
You sound Caucasian. Of course no one has a whites only waterfountain up, but how many people are looked over for jobs and promotions because of their skin tone. How many people sit around with beers and blame all the crime on backs and Mexicans, and vote about welfare Queens, and Obama being a Muslim with a fake birth certificate? How many people are proud your state has the KKK flag worked did to the official state flag that flies over the Capitol every day?
When you have the KKK flag still being flown at full height while the state and national flags flown at half mast for 9 people murdered to start a race war, people tend to notice and have a problem with it.
Yeah. I'm willing to bet if they had just lowered it it would have blown over.
It is if you an irishman in 1845. /too soon?
Carpool in clarendon
It was OA one of the other companies doing rockets, also known as atk I think, they merged with someone else awhile ago. I am not sure what their contracts are. They stopped trading for a day or so after the explosion, jus the sec/market stops kicking in due to it falling so far, they were never removed from the market or anything.
They can participate the same damned way coca cola, Exxon, the boy scouts, or my book club can.
Sounds like someone need to be deported.
Could be a ghost image, but lightening connects first with tendrils coming up from the ground, these are often visible from what I have seen. That house/lawn just missed a direct hit.
FUCKING RUN
Joined day 2-3 i think
I think it grew out of that "I can count to potato" meme, as applied to video.
Ah, that's a better explanation, I thought it was foam padding
We have those forms. It's called "marriage". Fuck these people, they can make up their own Jesus name for their screwy stuff.
Sorry. I disagree. People have been forming partnerships and families long before the Jesus freaks got involved. And no, were not going to change then name to suit these bigots.
Perfect
Peanut butter and cheese
She doesn't like sad stores, you do. I don't like them either. Get over it.
It's an option under where you choose to ship it to. They have them at bunches of 7-11s, its great. Just pick whichever one you want and you get a text with the code to open the locker.
Depends. The really good hummus, the place will actually remove the skins from the chick peas, that adds to the time.
It would. But you would need 100 miles worth of atmosphere to provide sea level pressure.
That's not a hooker, its a damned mynock. You've been alone in space way too long.
Bullshit. It's Spain, not the moon. Your kid is sick, you go to a goddamned hospital, you don't rub fruit on him. Edit, my bad, thought he meant the parents
Send clowns with 500k to buy more beer. Pocket rest of cash. Sit on mountain of beer with clowns and drink beer. Don't need to do anything else, those Olympics are already going to be a complete shitshow.
Anyone who's spouting Ayn Rand bullshit. GROWNUPS ARE TALKING, NOW HUSH AND GO READ A REAL BOOK.
I think bill Murray also had a story about Thompson and a hangover cure. They had been partying hard for days, and Murray suddenly realized he had an audition in a few hours and was way too fucked up to manage it. Thompson mixed a bunch of stuff in a blender, had Murray chug it, and told him to lie down for 2 hour. Murray said he woke up 2 hours later feeling perfectly sober and better than he ever had in his life, aced the audition, and never did find out what was in the blender. I probably have details wrong.
I never thought of them as fantasy, but that's fair. They get more interesting in wizard and demon. The first one is a more or less wilderness adventure first contact story. The second two get more interesting and more bizarre, as things evolve and fall apart. I loved them, but its more about characters than about sci Fi.
Yeah, thats really bad. Are you under 25? Get that looked at in the next month or be dead in the next year.
Or if someone drops a zero on an order, or if the automated systems shit themselves again like they did a few years ago.
They also make pink hello kitty real assault rifles, and guns in multiple day glo colors.
Steve irwin was also a lifelong expert on those reptiles, and know exactly what he could get away with.
No, its when he runs out of money to bet again
My bad. Lemme change that to something that looks just like an assault rifle in hello kitty and day glow colors.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hLpgxry542M Hell with lasers....
Nah, I am just someone who understands the difference between a full auto hello kitty rifle and a semi auto one, or a realistic toy doesn't make much of a difference in a shoot/don't shoot situation when some dipshit carries one into a starbucks.
Meh, I need some moron to heckle on facebook
It's easy. They are being lied to for someone else's gain.
That and the all day static front page.
That too.
Nah, go for /r/JusticeServed , justiceporn got taken over by a psychomod.
You are technically correct, the best kind of correct
There's no point in talking to him. I would either avoid or ignore him or openly mock him by interrupting him by telling he is 100% correct and asking that he bestow more wisdom on you. Or something, find your own style. Maybe question him about the proper way to slaughter innocents, or demand guidance on some of the other hypocritical points in the bible or something.
The weren't secret videos, they were fraudulently altered and edited videotapes.
They are not vandals. They are freeing the Phoenix goat. LONG LIVE PHOENIX GOAT!!
I'm guessing there's an armed robbery at 8th and T. :)
Yeah, but would you want to live in Saudi?
When you meet one asshole a day, you met an asshole. When everyone you meet is an asshole, you're the asshole.
This assumes the guy can read
Step 1: pour oil on jennifer lawrence. Step 2: like I would ever get to step 1. Step 3: big energy sector profits. Edit try vanguard vine energy sector fund, it's way the hell down
Seveneves? Set in almost present day but extensive space habitat living
Thanks
Lot of arid areas in the outback that camels do well in. I think the US has a couple of wild herds that were brought here as an attempt at camel cavalry back in the day.
It's going to systems full of burning ships, same as it always does.
IM pretty sure about 1000 of those are mine. Edit: My bad, 1,401 and one of them.
You are not far off. He likes to create fantastic environments and then dump barbarians into them.
I stand corrected.
Oh, he was totally sarcastic
Contact AMEX. Ask them the best way to proceed. This is what they do, They handle thousands of things like this a day, i bet.
Dude, super soaker 9000. Cat has no idea what the fuck just happened,except counters bad.
Because metro is always a clusterfuck.
