And what do you do when your commander gets shuffled into your deck and then exiled from the top of your library with [[Pyxis of Pandemonium]]? You aren't allowed to look at the face down cards but IF your commander is exiled it you're allowed to move it to the command zone instead of leaving it in exile. (note I'm not actually sure what happens here, the rules don't address it if you can't look at the card) Commander has obscure rules situations. You're technically meant to still have to "track" the commander in your library even if you could somehow have another copy of it. You could have it with a mark or something on the face side of the card for example.
I want to know why we can only have 5 medallions of iron. If you want to throw me into match after match in progress or against fireteams of 5/6 and you DON'T expect me to quit how about letting me at least always get a medallion. I've started to just swap characters if I get to 5 medallions and I've already finished my bounties for the day. I've gone 9 games straight losing every one between all the issues. Best of all half the time I even face a full fireteam they aren't even that amazingly good, I just have completely incompetent teammates and/or the other fireteam consists of 3+ red bars that might as well be invulnerable. I told myself that they must have thought they couldn't give us more than 5 because well what if someone saves a bunch for next Iron Banner but we can already do that with bounties AND if that was a concern you could just wipe them after the event.
I know that's right with how it currently works, my point was that unless they change the rules somehow it makes cards that require (C) mana to effectively be much easier to use in commander than in any other type of magic. Normally if I have an Urborg and Island I'd still need a wastes or other source of (C) to cast spells requiring (C) mana or to activate (C) abilities. In commander however with an Island and Urborg if my commander does not have black in it's color identity I can now suddenly create (C) mana with any lands I have. I'm curious if the rules might in some way be changed such that instead of creating colorless (C) mana these sort of effects will create generic mana which would effectively make everything work the same as other formats albeit in a somewhat confusing way.
I don't understand. What are all of these other attack methods before the melee follow up? Melee is the only option. Granted "melee" frequently includes shoulders and knees to the face.
We absolutely need a new commander rules committee. It seems like every time this group does anything to change the rules they just make things worse. It's complete BS and there's no accountability for them. NOBODY I've ever heard complained about fetches. Also hasn't wizards them self said they're unhappy with how the color identity rules work and want them to be less restrictive?
As someone who never knew this site existed...what did it do? Did it just tell you if the game was up or not?
It's fairly important for things like being able to play Urborg in any deck to make any of your lands produce colorless if they normally produce no mana. Also prevents certain cards from completely hosing tons of people if they change your lands types like [[Blood moon]]
It makes the new colorless lands a lot better in commander when they're already pretty amazing at least.
Why? It affects the whole table and thus in many cases benefits everyone whenever anyone plays it out. I don't feel like it's really unfair in any way. It's a colorless land that enables your lands to tap for colored mana as well as all your opponents, even better for opponents that are actually playing black.
My friend and I argued about this a bunch and he was convinced you needed to win to get an exotic. He then got an exotic the next match after we lost.
I hate that people buy and ruin uncut sheets like this D:
Blade dancer, the intimidating super where you activate it and your opponent jumps a half inch off the ground and becomes invincible
Welcome to how Bungie handles p2p matchmaking and calculating damage etc. It's been like this since Halo 3 and it's bullshit. You'd think that by now we wouldn't have to deal with their "solutions" to even the playing field between people with different connections but no. I guess if it ain't broke don't fix it? And as far as Bungie cares it isn't broken I suppose...
I've had this map maybe twice all week. I've had Dungeons and Twilight Gap 90% of the rest of the time. Had a point where I almost straight just stopped playing because I got Twilight Gap 5 out of 6 matches straight. Then later I get Dungeons back to back to back. The best part is when it decides to break up your teams only to throw you into another match, in progress, on the same map.
You got so lucky that Titan was outside his bubble and the first on you killed. They could have all sat in the bubble and have been safe. I was actually expecting a clip with 4 Nova bombs/fist of havocs all going on the people at the heavy ammo at once.
As a hunter main the thing that annoys me about this is that I just KNOW that you didn't end up wasting your super doing this. You'd have it up again as soon as the tether was gone or you were out of it or died or whatever.
I've seen this work and it works well with the fact you can usually win fights easily in a group. What I typically run into is one person going to A, one to C, both dying and not capping or capping and instantly losing it. Then people at B get overrun by the enemy team and it's all a mess.
*looks at 320 Hung Jury equipped* *looks at all the friends on friends list with Hung Jury* ...you don't say?
"Maintenance" meaning they're in the process of performing maintenance to try to get the servers back up after they crashed.
I'm going to guess it's a new player from Christmas
I can't imagine how pissed off anyone with completed bounties just waiting for today to turn them in is right now. Managed to hit 5 yesterday on all my characters so I'm able to just sit back and relax. While I think Bungie SHOULD extend IB I can see it being tricky and them not doing it. Not sure if it causes issues if the event doesn't end at a weekly reset or not. That said who knows how long it will take for PSN to be back up with their track record...
Now now, I'm sure there was a few dedicated developers that had to carefully design each bug and glitch.
I'm legitimately annoyed that the planeswalkers win. Ob Nixilis just needed to release Ulamong, call Kozilek and planeswalk away. Now he sits around and gets caught AND the Eldrazi get defeated? We could have had a great set with the Planeswalkers getting wrecked and it ends as they have to planeswalk away right as the Eldrazi completely destroy Zendikar and move on to another plane. Then we could have a solemn and dark SOI set as they try to rebuild and prepare for the next fight. I'm betting Wizards just didn't want to destroy such a beloved plane as Zendikar to the point where it couldn't be returned to again.
It looks like Jace is smiling too to me.
Well to be fair...I got maybe 2 auto rifles, a pair of boots and a helmet. Saw a lot of people getting drops too. Got all 3 characters to rank 5. First IB of TTK I got my Hunter only to rank 4 or 5 and got 1 or 2 drops as well. This was the one everyone was complaining about no drops and Bungie admitted that it was broken and fixed it. One thing worth noting is that sometimes you don't see your own or other peoples drops in the completion screen. If you get more than 2 items anything else won't show up. This happened a few times with friends where they got something but nobody saw it on the scoreboard. Still yes rewards are stupid low considering 99% of the time it's a weapon/armor with bad rolls AND low light level. I can't really comment on Ghosts since I managed to get a 320 one from the raid recently so I could care less. Class items seemed way too rare for them not being purchasable and being needed for the rep boost (AND the ps exclusive ones were even rarer). SRL had stupid stupid high drop rates AND once you were rank 3 you got relevant gear for end game characters instead of sub 310 or sub 300 light drops. I feel like Bungie nerfed the after-match drops due to the rank 5 packages. I got trash from 2/3 of my rank 5 packages but my third was amazingly 320 boots for my Warlock.
It's also amazing for making you better at sniping. Play a few days with nothing but NLB in crucible then switch to a "good" secondary sniper like a nice 1000y stare and you'll wreck people with how much smoother it is to use.
Shadowshot usually keeps it. Hammer and BD "can" keep it but I have no idea how it's figured out. Probably 90% lag in those cases but I know I've seen/had it happen to me. The fact that it consistently happens with Fist of Havoc, Nova bomb and shadowshot is incredibly dumb though.
Just saying this is incredibly dumb that this happens. FoH, Nova bomb and shadowshot all do this but it should not be a thing imo.
I'm equally impressed by not only the no-scope but also the fact that you hit the Titan RIGHT as he activated his super but before he had the increased armor from it somehow. Otherwise you wouldn't have 1shot him with NLB's stupid crit formula.
Oh is that what it was? Didn't pay enough attention I guess. I hate that NLB doesn't follow the normal sniper damage formula for criticals. I'd love using it all the time if it was reasonable that way. I should at least be able to revive snipe with it T_T
I don't think it's random head cannon considering we JUST saw the entire plane and all the planeswalkers having so much trouble trying to JUST stop Ulamong but now they can suddenly actually kill both Ulamong AND Kozilek and not even just trap them. It took 3 pre-mending planeswalkers just to trap the Eldrazi originally. The whole thing with Ob Nixilis, he just regained his spark and was all obsessed with leaving the plane as fast as possible and yet didn't. And sure we had New Phyrexia but this is the Eldrazi that have been said to be unkillable in any way and any "war" against them was more of how to flee and survive as much as possible while trying to figure out a way to contain them rather than even kill them. Hell Ugin doesn't even factor in here at all it seems, what was the point of going back and time and waking him up then?
you can revive snipe ONLY if you have The Master buff active. That's not exactly "just fine"
I enjoyed this far more than I thought I would. I'm also EXTREMELY bothered by the fact you didn't pick up your pyramid item thingy that the boss dropped.
The real issue is Wizard's policy on Modern. They don't want anything too unfun / uninteractive or that wins too fast consistently. Any time something becomes too good they feel it has to be killed. Rather than things becoming stronger and printing answers or making new decks they just want to tone down everything else. The other issue is the inconsistency of reprints. You get very specific cards that become key parts of decks that spike in price because they only have one printing and are not likely to be reprinted. Cards like summer bloom, Azusa, Vesuva, Tolaria West, not going to be reprinted any time soon in most any cases but also are not played in any other decks so they spike but solely based on play in a single deck. This means there's a lot of inherent risk in the value of these cards.
This sure as hell better ship with my copy of the special edition. I was thinking about complaining to them in person about it if they didn't announce this. It's bad enough I didn't get it from Best Buy for the 20% off but then I have to pay Gamestop's absurd shipping prices too because you can't order online and pick up in store. ...is it February 19th yet?
Not exactly something you can do on an item like this that sells out instantly online half the time and you have to order asap when it pops up to even get one.
Looks way better than the tracking on my Truth since the TTK update. Mine won't detonate when it's 2 feet to the side of anyone and it sure as hell won't think about tracking or curving 95% of the time.
I'd love for Destiny 2 to go 60 FPS but in all reality it never will. Bungie LOVES 30 fps. Every Bungie game has been 30 fps and they love that for whatever reason. They like the consistency or some crap.
Where do I call to report child abuse? You only let him play Rift in crucible? That has to be some sort of torture.
Interestingly on MTGO the list you get is all cards not just cards you should be able to name. Technically you're only allowed to name cards that are legal in whatever format you're playing.
I mean honestly this is the opponents problem. This is exactly how Pithing needle works. You can name any card legal in the format. You aren't under any obligation to clarify what your opponent means if he names a different card than you think he means or names a card that it doesn't actually work on. Similarly you can name any card that produces mana with pithing needle and your opponent might think that works even though it doesn't. You aren't under any obligation to tell your opponent the correct way cards work if they're misplaying them against you. TL:DR know how your cards work if you're going to play them.
Great list. Couple things though. 1) Hobgoblins don't activate their shield if you shoot them with a sidearm 2) Similar to the explosive shanks, fusion rifles will prevent supplicants from exploding on death as well. (Explosive harpies in VoG Atheon fight) This includes the vex mythoclast. 3) You can run along the wall on the left side of the Mausoleum area to get to the scent chest rather than going on the invisible platforms. Usually quite easy once you try it a few times, especially with a sword. Much faster than using the platforms. 4) For whatever reason, the weekly Shaxx bounty for completing 5 Shaxx bounties counts Iron Banner weekly bounties towards it as well. 5) The "poison" chest on the dreadnought can be easily opened by using a sword and blocking while opening it so that you don't die. Alternatively you can use a super that gives increased armor or a bubble. Also maybe it's just me but I don't think the L3/R3 thumb stick click sparrow side-boosts work except in sparrow racing. I tried doing it with my sparrow normally and I don't think it worked at all.
Just worth noting that if you're doing the gunsmith weapons for legendary marks exchange, prioritize rocket launchers first since they take less motes of light to level up to get 5 marks instead of 3.
I didn't mention SRL since it's not around anymore (and forgot really) but the Trials weeklies don't count toward the Shaxx weekly. I think they might have in the past at one point but they don't anymore.
If you're talking about mono-red burn as not running any creatures then absolutely. There's no way you're playing any effective mono-red deck without creatures as well. As far as mono-red compared to Boros or Naya it's much worse but you could still probably do it. The issue is that with fetch and shock lands the opportunity cost of the fixing to run Boros or Naya is just so low that it's absolutely worth it for how powerful the cards you get access to are. [[Atarka's Command]] is just insane in the deck. Access to [[Kor Firewalker]] is insane in the mirror. [[Boros Charm]] is probably the best straight burn spell in modern with rare corner cases where the other abilities are worth while. [[Destructive Revelry]] is just 99% strictly better than [[Smash to Smithereens]] for almost all cases. The fact that mono-red can straight lose to a leyline of sanctity without green for Destructive Revelry is a pretty big deal if it's a card people in your area sideboard often. If you're your deck to be competative I'd say to pick up a playset of [[bloodstained mire]]'s and [[wooded foothills]] now before they become more expensive if you don't have them. A couple shock lands to fetch shouldn't be too expensive to go with them and you don't really need [[Arid Mesa]] specifically since you don't really want any lands that don't produce red on their own anyway. Even if you ran mono-red you'd likely want fetchlands anyway to turn on [[searing blaze]] and [[searing blood]] especially at instant speed. They also are very good if you want to play [[grim lavamancer]].
If this is true it's just more of Wizards agenda to permanently kill Legacy and Vintage even more since it seems like they have no plans of finally abolishing the reserved list. SCG stopped doing Legacy, Wizards is slowly killing it on MTGO. It's a bad time to be a legacy player it seems. That said if anyone is looking to sell some cheap duals or such...let me know?
If you need to farm gold just buy the gold boost for 4k honor tokens during the weekend and farm the crap out of the gold quests. With a decent gold farming team I made almost 20 million without much trouble. Used several stamina fruits granted but that much lasts you a long time.
I had the best luck running the 20AP daily rather than the 30AP one. Got ~300k per run I want to say, maybe more if I got all the bonuses. Granted this is with a full team of increased gold drop. And like I said, I burned a bunch of fruit since I didn't want to have to worry about gold for a while. They're not really hard to come by between rings and honor tokens anyway.
I absolutely love exiling Venser to himself in MTGO cube. Nobody ever expects it and you can do some really broken things. Not to mention gaining a lot of loyalty at times by doing it.
Distributors can also be told by Wizards to not sell to X store. Usually they also dictate how much of a product they can sell to certain stores to a degree. If Wizards doesn't want your store buying product you sure as hell can bet they can stop distributors from selling it to you. You think a distributor is going to risk getting cut off from Wizards supply to get your store product if Wizards tells them not to sell to you?
The real issue is going to be with Judges and if Judges are told they have to report any store or location that is using proxies in any way. We just saw Wizards ban a massive group of Judges with fairly little discrimination it seems. Now imagine that every low level judge is told they have to report any location that they witness using Proxies. They can't use WER at locations they see using proxies. They have to worry that they'll not only get kicked out of the judge program but could also be banned from the DCI for judging at one of these locations or not reporting on them. It's so easy for Wizards to see who judged at a location that was reported for having proxies and then you find out what happens to all those judges that didn't report it.
I'm curious about a few things. Will judges be held responsible for reporting on stores using or allowing proxy use on the site? I can see Wizards threatening and banning Judges for not reporting on this which could turn into a big issue. To some extent you can say that well nobody will tell Wizards about proxy use and they'll never know as long as you don't advertise. What happens when a Judge at a pptq or pre-release or fnm is expected to report proxy use or be kicked out of the judge program or even banned from the DCI? Curious myself how gold-bordered cards are handled. Some groups might not allow proxies but will allow gold-bordered cards as a cheaper alternative in legacy/vintage or EDH environments. These are technically not allowed in tournament play but will they still be allowed to use in stores? They're basically wizards created proxies. How is Wizards going to enforce this? If not for the judge scenario are they going to have people randomly checking locations? If not the threat is somewhat meaningless. How far will they investigate when told about a store breaking the rules? It'd be one hell of an easy way to kill competition among stores in your area if someone were to inform Wizards about all the local stores simply ignoring this rule. People seem to underestimate how big of a deal WPN membership is. You're talking about not longer being able to do basically anything Magic related. Hell they could go further and cut you off of anything Wizards or even Hasbro related. How many stores also do D&amp;D as well as Magic? How much are stores willing to gamble with Wizards on this threat?
Can we get an altered version of this with just the land a barren Hellscape with the Eldrazi having destroyed everything and the Planeswalkers instead retreating away to another plane? Thanks in advance. Screw this happy ending BS story.
You realize you're taking this as what now, third hand heresay? You're talking about likely a single lvl5 judge at a huge tournament who has to make calls on tons of games every round. They don't have time during normal rounds to go crazy and look over every detail of the story that was already handled by a lower level judge. If a judge call takes 10 minutes and then an appeal is made and they have to find the lvl5 judge and come make a further ruling you're talking about probably at least another 5-10 minutes to do just that without going over all the details again. That's one single match. Now consider there are hundreds of matches going on at once that round and there are a dozen more rounds in the tournament that have to happen after this round. You can't realistically take that much time and have to delay future rounds by hours because of judge calls and appeals, it's just not realistic to hosting the entirety of a tournament. The fact that there's even the option of appealing a ruling and getting a lvl5 judge to come for ANY and all rulings through a whole tournament is already impressive. Look at other sports where you either can't appeal rulings made during a match or if you can it's only during specific parts of the game. And in those cases you're only talking about a SINGLE match happening at once, not hundreds. Not to mention this whole scenario seems like it came down to miscomunication between a lower level judge and the head judge. If you've never been to a tournament like a GP you've got to realize things will be noisy. When you're talking about someone in charge of dealing with all the other judges and then putting final rulings on things you aren't paying attention to all the noise around you to hear if other people are commenting under their breath or whatever that it was a Token creature. Details can easily get missed in the noise of everything. Judges are people too and can make mistakes.
You realize every single one of those distribution companies gets their product from the same single company Wizards right? Wizards gives them a list of stores they can't sell product to and boom you're dead in the water as far as getting product from any of them. Other stores are more than happy to buy up the extra product and the distribution companies don't lose a dime. You realize distribution companies are constantly in contact between Wizards and individual stores on how much of different product they can and will sell stores.
You don't think Wizards has contracts with every WPN store? That's part of the what being a WPN store is. Wizards cuts you off and you get nothing. You might be able to buy product from Channel Fireball or wherever other players buy product but that's it. No more discounts, no more sanctioned events, no more promos. Not to mention you would not be able to legally advertise that you even sell the product even. Honestly I'm not totally sure but I wouldn't be surprised if Wizards does have the ability to prevent you from selling the product even if you did buy it somewhere else. Free market isn't as simple as you seem to think it is. You agree to a lot of things simply by buying a product from a company and selling it. There's a lot of different rules in play depending on if you're a store versus a single person.
Which wizards could could still tell you that you can't play at any WPN store. You have to follow their official rules of gameplay when you're playing at a location, even casually it seems. This means your cards do what they say they do according to their official oracle text.
I'm curious how this is going to affect big name teams/stores/companies that playtest etc. Are you telling me that Wizards expects CFB teams etc to own every card that they playtest with and make sure they swap them around and use all the exact actual cards? At that point you're talking about a company that runs major official events for Wizards. Cutting off your neighborhood store might not affect Wizards but are they going to be so quick to threaten and hold major companies like CFB or SCG accountable to the same degree? Cause I'm sure all the pros wait until the sets are already out and they obtain multiple playsets of every card before they playtest. I've never heard of any situations where pros are buying cards on site at a GP to play in that tournament, good thing they never participated in illegal counterfeit activities playtesting that card they didn't have beforehand.
Interesting since that's not what I've heard from store owners that have to deal with getting product from distributors. Are you not in the US? It may work differently in some different countries. I know it's much more controlled with certain sets such as MMA or even as recently as the craziness that happened with Zendikar fatpacks.
As far as I'm aware you can't use the cards to represent a different card. You could sanction an event as a create your own format event with the same Modern pool of cards but also Deathrite but you'd have to report that event as such under being a build your own format event. As far as I'm aware any reported events however have to follow all of the standard DCI magic rules. This even technically includes EDH at your local store. You will note however that up until now plenty of locations didn't do this and nobody was really holding anyone else accountable for it.
Suddenly Trump's campaign makes a lot more sense. He's just confused about what position everyone is running for.
You can sanction it as "any format" but that doesn't mean that you can treat the magic cards as different cards. You have to follow the same rules as the game has and what the cards do.
I wouldn't say Tarkir got nuked. It got effectively rewritten but that's not quite the same. And you're talking about 2 of the strongest creatures to ever exist in the known multiverse. 3 old walkers had to work together just to trap the 3 of them with TONS of preperation. Now 4 neo-walkers just casually full out killed them. It's not about having a happy ending, it's about that happy ending not making sense and being bullshit. It's like if Mirrodin had all the build up of the Phyrexians and how impossible it was to fight them then at the end they were just like "Oh hey could you not?" And the Phyrexians just were like "oh sure we'll just leave you alone bye". The build up and story doesn't fit with what actually ended up happening.
Oh I totally get that wizards didn't care that they were judges. My point is they have more control over judges. They can tell judges they expect them to report people using "Counterfeits" and if they don't they can more directly hold them accountable. Some random getting banned by the DCI sucks but a mass group of judges getting banned for not reporting on stores (Where they're working for those stores and making money in many cases from them) is much more of a serious issue. It's a hell of an awkward situation to be put in for judges. Come judge and event at a store and be paid for your time working there, but at the same time be expected by Wizards to report on the store if they're breaking these rules. You report on the store and the store could have it's WPN membership revoked and you won't be working there anymore. Don't report on the store and you could get your Judge qualification revoked and be banned by the DCI. You're in a major lose-lose situation.
I finally got pretty much my god roll for PvE anyway...still looking for PvP. Legendary blackhammer status. Triple-tap and casket mag being the main perks I wanted. Got Shortgaze scope and mulligan which I'm kind of meh about. Would have preferred something like Firefly and the scope wasn't a big concern. PvP I want longview, Hidden Hand, snapshot and I suppose partial refund or army of one but the last perk doesn't matter much. Best PvP one I have is longview, hidden hand, casket mag and last resort. 2/3 isn't bad but missing snapshot feels really bad on anything but bladedancer. I actually have another with snapshot that I use on Titan/Warlock but it has a different scope. Casket mag actually has been surprisingly nice all things said in pvp. Need to try using Ambush scope again too since I use to use it all the time. Edit: No love for longview? I thought it had the same zoom as ambush and honestly now that I've gotten use to it I find it pretty nice. Ambush might be ever so slightly faster to ADS. I actually find lower stability pretty fine for me with snipers as I tend to be more of a drag scoper and usually don't rely on the stability much at all.
But I don't need MORE sources of wormspore... Screw you dreadnaught maps.
I'll honestly just be happy if DeeJ comes back to work at all at this point. I assure you he has some idea what's going on and if this was Japan we'd be talking about people jumping off buildings before coming back to work at this point. It takes a brave man to willingly walk into the fire that is this game currently.
If I didn't read this sub-reddit I wouldn't know it was broken. Thanks worthless nightfall rewards for not making me waste my time! Hell I could get 15 Marks so I can gamble 135 for 3 with a 1 in a million chance at a god roll 1000y stare and be happier than the trash I get usually. Nightfall rewards might as well list as 3 Marks or on a lucky occasion strange coins. When I'm happier to get strange coins or 3 of coins from Nightfall than 99.9% of anything else that ever drops there's obviously a problem.
I thought about doing this once. Then I decided not to because my god it'd be a pain in the ass to do and then mess up the second I want one of the guns there. Seriously though where are all your exotics? I've dismantled so many guns I've practically started dismantling exotics I don't use just for more space. I think my only surviving y1 guns are fatebringer, a couple other vault weapons and my G-horn.
I don't really consider being ruled by dragons to really be that bad of an ending. In the new timeline it's basically come to be accepted. Plenty of the clans live and work together with the dragons even. I wouldn't even remotely consider that close to a plane being literally wiped from existence and having every bit of mana drained from it and all life destroyed. Or mirrodin where all non-phyrexian life is exterminated and being "perfected". The point is 3 old walkers are on a totally different scale of power level to new walkers. It being "harder" to trap them for the 3 of them shouldn't even really be relevant. The new walkers power levels should basically be like that of an insect compared to them. Jace is suppose to just figure out how these hedrons work and be able to instantly manipulate them AND hold of Kozileks distortion abilities like it's nothing. Nissa has an intimate connection to the soul of Zendikar? Zendikar is suppose to be like mostly destroyed at this point, any soul that is left shouldn't be that crazy powerful. Chandra has ghostfire magic powers? Ok how are those powers suppose to be remotely strong enough to kill the Eldrazi. Our reference is a single card for [[Ghostfire]] that does 3 damage. The caveat is that it can hit Emrakul while any colored spells can't. It costs 3x as much as a traditional lightning bolt for the same effect. The Eldrazi are so powerful you'd need at least 4 ghostfires to theoretically kill them. Chandra has never even been shown to be that strong with her fire damaging attacks let alone this special kind of fire magic. And even aside that Ulamong is "indestructible". The point still stands that they were backed into a wall failing to try to contain Ulamong and then Kozilek gets released and they somehow magically go from barely containing one titan to full out killing two. I'd accept MAYBE killing Ulamong and then fleeing before Kozilek got there to help and finish off the job of killing them all but just killing both is insane. The fact that Ugin and Sorin never even showed up to get involved is also absurd. It basically looks like they had a more involved and fleshed out story for a 3-block Cycle, changed the block structure and had to make a sudden change to make up an ending and it sucked. Hell the Planeswalkers on mirrodin could barely do anything against the Phyrexians and honestly the Eldrazi Titans should be at least on a similar power level if not stronger. And you're talking about Karn being on mirrodin and he's arguably stronger than any of the 4 that saved Zendikar.
Well to be fair you can back out and leave skyshock whenever you get the map. You can't get the exotic swords without doing the material farming.
The lower level judge told the lvl5 it was just a creature that died. He did not say it was a token creature. This makes the entire difference in the ruling. The fact that the lvl5 did not know this and made a ruling on it being a non-token creature and what would happen, agreeing with the lower level judge is the whole point. He didn't make an incorrect ruling as much as he made a ruling on a different fact altogether. He didn't not know the correct answer, he wasn't asked the right question.
Mama never played Skyshock.
Honestly a bit salty considering I just searched all over locally and bought a copy for $60 at Target of all places. I already own/played the first on 360 but oh well. I might replay on the Wii U for the costumes, plus I think I gave away my 360 copy to a friend.
Wish this would show up as in stock, that lower price is quite a bargain. Bought a copy at Target just recently and it was the normal $60 new. Oh well.
Would be really cool of them if the standalone game comes with a code for a discount on the first game on the e-shop like it does if you buy Bayonetta 2 digitally. Wonder if they'll drop the price of the game on the e-shop to match the new standalone game release.
Certainly makes me more interested in replaying it anyway. What makes it better?
To be fair Twin was THE top deck pretty much as long as it has existed in some way or another. It really locks down the format as far as you have to either get under the T4 win or be able to stop it. With it banned it really opens up a lot of potential for a lot of different decks. Honestly did ANY decks not have a maindeck answer to Twin and not run at least 4 sideboard cards specifically for the match-up? It's a good 75% at least of why spellskite is as expensive as it is.
Can you hear that everyone? That's the sound of all the Ugin's and Karn's prices skyrocketing even higher. Wish I pulled the trigger on that last Eye of Ugin i needed...I feel like Eldrazi is going to be insane now. To be fair I think the Twin ban is totally justified. The deck is still playable but you don't have to worry so much about the turn 4 instant win. It really was pretty stifling to the format that you either had to get under the turn 4 win or stop it or instantly lose against arguably the most popular deck for the majority of Modern's lifespan. Wonder if this will finally mean that scalding tarn will no longer be the most expensive fetch land anymore...probably not.
The problem isn't giving them the idea. They said this "issue" is their top priority at the moment but they're having trouble finding a clean rule to solve it.
I think people are missing part of the point here. They aren't saying that the Twin ban wasn't warranted. They're saying that if there wasn't a modern PT they wouldn't be as concerned about there being a "best deck" that is consistently top tier and warps the meta-game around it. The point is it looks bad for the format for Splinter Twin to be such a consistently dominating deck that everyone has to constantly be aware of and play around specifically. If you weren't prepared for the splinter twin match-up your deck just wasn't competitive. This makes for bad coverage at the PT level and makes modern less appealing for people to get into which is bad PR for Wizards. This doesn't mean that splinter twin isn't ban-worthy as well, it's just that if there was no PT for modern they would be much less concerned about making any bannings at all except for things that are huge huge problems or mistakes. I suspect if there was no modern PT instead of these bannings we'd be much more likely to simply see zero bans or unbans.
Maybe they realized that Shinobu's Vow would be stupid OP? Granted bladedancers have pretty crap exotics for PvP. They'll probably have to nerf skip grenades horribly like they did to scatter grenades if they do release it.
That's exactly it though. They haven't released this exotic yet. Looking at it you can tell it's too strong and needs to be changed before it's released. People data-mined it though and know about it beforehand and expect it to come out now. Then they'll be mad if it comes out and gets changed to be less overpowered.
They didn't ban it because it's the "best deck" though, they banned the card because it warped the meta-game around it. You HAD to have a way to deal with twin t4 or you couldn't compete. They banned it for the health of the format so that people can brew and create varying decks without having to worry "how do I beat t4 twin" in every scenario. The thing about the modern PT is that it puts modern under the public eye more so they're forced to keep it healthy. They don't have to worry as much about the format if it isn't going to get that much public attention.
Oh I absolutely don't think that the exotic not being out yet has anything to do with balance issues. They have no problem releasing an exotic and if it's overpowered nerfing it later. It not releasing is absolutely about creating artificial longevity in the game. My point is that I wouldn't get excited or really think anything about Exotics from data-mining. They can easily be totally different when they release or could be decided to not release at all. The "microphone" rocket launcher for example was said by Bungie to never actually be a thing and isn't going to ever "come out", it's just left over from testing.
I mean...this is assuming you have a bunch of the cards already such as the fetches right? If you count all the other cards in the deck (not to mention 800+ in duals) it really adds up fast. There is a decent bit of overlap though.
I'm almost jealous of stores that even have actual judges at their pre-releases. Mine usually does I believe but I don't think always. And they certainly don't seem to do much most of the time. Sounds like a kind of crappy situation but I've experienced my fair share of shady things going on at pre-releases. Best is when one Judge seemed to have an impossibly amazing deck. Of course this was earlier on when I started playing and of course neither I or anyone else said anything. I don't mean anyone saw him put cards in his deck etc but we're talking 3/4 bomb Mythics in the same color pair (gold cards back in gatecrash) two of which were the same card, and none of them were the promo. On top of that all the other rares and uncommons seemed to be in the same color pair too. Stuff happens and it can happen all too easy when there's a lot of people crowded together. Judges have a tough job and sometimes they need to do less "fun" things. That said part of the issue here seems to be that they didn't give adequate time back to you and your friend after the investigation for what they took away from your deck building. It also seems a bit poorly handled how open and public the investigation etc was where everyone seemed to be judging you because of it. It's hard to get around but it's certainly something that can be very intimidating and frustrating to be on the receiving end of. This is one reason why it's good in GPs etc for people to have random deck checks so that it's not obvious that Judges are being "unfairly" suspicious of any particular person. Not that this is really reasonable at a pre-release.
It appears this only applies to in store pre-orders? I think I remember their online pre-orders opening once or twice after the 18th as well. Regardless I checked and am glad to say my online order was made on the 17th. Still sad I not only didn't get the 20% off from Best Buy but also have to pay like $12 shipping but I'll take that over $300+ from scalpers any day. Best Buy really hates me too because I have probably got 6+ emails from them since the 12th when the game was announced for pre-order for "Are you still interested in this product?" linking me to the special edition page that has had "not available online" ever since then consistently. Honestly Nintendo really needs to get their shit together with pre-orders. They're a disaster.
I'm debating this myself. On one hand I feel like I knowingly spent money on this game knowing it was an online game and could go away at any time. At the same time FUCK Gumi. They've been a horrible company lately and blatantly lie to their customers. They literally dismissed rumors of a shutdown days before announcing a shutdown with no justification. They constantly had bugs and issues that they half assed at best to try to address. One of the biggest problems is that a lot of times your "refund" is from Google etc not actually from Gumi. It's hilariously disgusting that they pushed global exclusive paid content RIGHT before announcing the shut down as many people spent a LOT of money on that. The fact that they are not announcing why they're closing the game and don't seem to be shutting down BF is even more questionable. Doesn't help that most of my recent purchases were through the Amazon app store due to their coins promotion and supposedly at least Amazon and Apple have much worse refund policies. Anyone have any experience or luck trying to file for a refund through Amazon or Google for previously spent Prysma?
Link to that game?
People complain about Iron Banner Control because there's so many people that don't play the objective... So in response Bungie decides to put out Iron Banner RIFT? Are you fucking kidding me? Rift is probably the single worst crucible gametype with the most balance issues. Hello Iron Banner spawn camping and mercy rule. It's like Bungie is trying to kill their game more and more.
Here's our third wave of Emotes!!! Also we nerfed Fusion rifles while we were at it because we felt generous.
Except Rift has been horrible since the day it came out. The spawns are incredibly dumb and you can easily spawn camp teams with minimal organization. Not to mention how easy it is to grab the heavy and camp spawns even more.
The problem is that Rift is the ONLY 6 man game type that does not at any time ever change spawns. When you're dealing with the amount of fireteams playing Iron Banner you're going to have pretty much EVERY match devolve into spawn camping for points. This is especially going to be a problem when there are bounties etc that reward you based on score etc.
I wish my store did FNM draft instead of Modern or Standard. Even though I own 3 Modern decks...I should really go to FNM more probably.
I just assumed this would be a given for any sealed event especially with Expeditions now being a thing. I wonder if it's just Judges/Stores not being use to it. Might be that they think the pool swapping is quicker and don't want to spend more time. Makes things quicker if people drop out too. All said it's a pretty crappy situation.
This is always horrible news to hear. But I have to ask why a single store would have $17k in Expeditions on hand that could be stolen like that. $75k in total. I'm all a fan for secure safes and if you have that much in value you likely have a lot of copies of valuable cards you really shouldn't have more than 1 of any expedition on display. Also seems very bizarre to break into a store with a water meter turn off key especially if they left it behind.
The sad thing is if Gumi didn't kill CC I'd likely have played PoTK and enjoyed and likely even put money into both. I LOVE Fire Emblem and PoTK looks great in the same sort of style. Too bad since it's being run by Gumi I'm not going to touch it. Actually I take that back, I might download it just so I can give it a 1 star rating and tell everyone how horrible Gumi is.
And this is one of many reasons I haven't touched Destiny in 2 weeks. Crucible matches where you can't pick up heavy or special ammo are the best. Had a friend who had to come to me so I could open ammo boxes for him since he couldn't himself. The only pvp that seems even remotely stable to play is Trials and between none of my friends really wanting to play and the rewards being entirely not worth it why bother? Looks like Iron Banner is going to be me logging in on the last day or so and turning in bounties I have from last IB just to buy the Class item on my Titan. Sad too since I wouldn't mind some of the armor and actually having a reason to play. Between the shit quality of the servers/pvp matchmaking and LOL IB Rift that isn't going to happen. Also as someone with a barely 1.1 or so average KD in pvp I'd like to know how I still get consistently horribly laggy matches and tons of people with flawless trials or scarab emblems in most all games? Even then I usually end up leading my team with a barely positive KD while the other teams are usually way better. wtf Bungie?
wouldn't have helped and been worth it to draw 3-4 cards just to discard him. I didn't have a bunch of cards in graveyard or anything, it was just random that I hit EVERY card aside blightsteel first. I would have won fairly easily if I actually got blightsteel out with cards left in library.
