The Boston Herald is pretty much the Fox News of New England newspapers. If there isn't a liberal/democrat bashing headline (or at the very least front page mention), something particularly important happened the day before. And even then, there's usually a conservative spin on it. This is entirely unsurprising. Source: Boston Native for 34 years.
As a fellow Bostonian I dab dki hnmm./m
My father taught me to drive in Boston, saying "If you can drive in this city, you can drive anywhere". No shit. After the parking lot basic crap, it was "Hop on the highway, we're going to Boston". I learned fast.
I didn't make anything. I had planned to, though I had a ridiculous day and just wanted to relax. We ordered Brazilian food instead. It was amazing.
I knew Gideon was in this season, but I wasn't expecting him to be in that much of the first episode. I was so excited.
!!!!! You know, I thought it looked like him, but I think the brief thought was "Why would they get Quinto to play a corpse? Nah...".
My family had them for a year or two when I was a kid. I remember setting everybody in the house plus guests to watching Quantum Leap. I like to think I helped keep it on the air. :)
Best possible description of the show, in my opinion. :)
Saw them the last time they played in Massachusetts. (Worcester Centrum, 1996). Co-Headlining with Pantera. I'm not being hyperbolic when I say that concert changed my life.
Phil loves to talk, haha. I think I saw Pantera about ten times in the following five or six years, and they could have always played another 5 songs if he had just kept the stage banter at a reasonable level. I'll never forget MTV reporting that had had OD'd like three weeks before the show. Glad he's gotten his shit together...I'm going to see Down in August. Yeah, Deftones were great too. The show in MA had Anal Cunt on first, because they're out of Worcester and Seth was friends with Phil. (He actually did a good amount of the incoherent screams on Trendkill, too).
'97 or 2000? My friend broke his jaw during This Love at the Ozzfest 2000 show. I actually made sure to have a "You aren't prepared for this" talk with my friends that had never been to a Pantera show before. "Be careful. Stay safe. And for the love of god. Get the fuck out of the pit and *off the lawn* when This Love comes on". Sure enough....half way through This Love, he stumbles back to the bleachers we were hanging out at, holding his face. Thankfully the onsite medical folks were fantastic. And yeah...after about my fourth show, I just avoided the pits (which is why I wasn't on the Lawn). Pretty much every single show, someone I know got hurt. Cuh-razy.
One of the things that I thought when initially watching that video is "Huh, the officer is telling most everyone around the camera person to get down. I'll bet *anything* the person filming this is white". Sometimes I hate being right.
I got into it with this guy in the comments section of one of his videos when I stumbled upon it a while back. In a video where he picked apart *literally* every single word out of Laci's Green's video listing the reasons why she was a feminist, he randomly accused her of lying about having been sexually assaulted and implied that slut shaming was explained by evolutionary biology, and therefore....not really a bad thing. (To be fair to a good amount of his viewers, even enough of *them* were so put off by this that he had to post a 30 minute video *explaining* that he didn't really mean it, but actually....yes he actually did and why). I actually go back to that video and check out the senseless stream of MRA/GG hate directed at my comment, whenever I feel like being angry at the world for a little while. Anyway, yeah. TL;DR - Teal Dear is a useless Thunderf00t clone soaking up those precious anti-fem clicks.
Yeah, pretty much this. My room mate binged the first two seasons a month ago, and was bemoaning having to wait until June for Season 3. I was like "Dude....just shut up".
I think my favorite of his is on one of the Laci Green response videos, he actually takes one of the multitudes of reasons she lists of why she's a feminist and asks "How does this one thing make you a feminist!!!???", on *multiple points*. It's like...dude. You're picking apart the video line by line. THE ENTIRE VIDEO IS A LIST OF REASONS WHY. On it's own, maybe they're not sufficient (I guess?) but the whole point is that there are a TON of things that inform her world view. The man has achieved Max Level Cherry-pick.
Yeah, it's not surprising. It's the same four chords over and over again, in the same order from start to finish. I'd play it with my friend singing at Open Mics...but more because I love the shit out of the song, rather than "It's easy, and I want to get laid". It's actually (sort of) the same four chords as Smashing Pumpkins' 'Disarm' during the verse. (Well...different chords, but same root notes, and progression).
Yeah, no kidding. I'm pretty sure I actually said an audible "WTF?" (non-anagram form) when I saw this headline. Almost literally the last person on the planet I'd expect to make that kind of ridiculous mistake.
I like What the Flick as a review show a lot. Even if you're not a fan of The Young Turks (which is kind of it's parent show), they're often a pretty great resource. Also, Alonso is friends with Bryan Fuller, so things like this happen.
That whole end scene was amazing, though. They did a really good job of getting you emotionally invested in the Raptors....I was legitimately upset when they started dying. Except for the one that got thrown into a building and exploded. I laughed out loud. I mean. It seems like it hit something explosive (obviously) but in my head, when I saw it....it just arbitrarily exploded, and seemed to me like another meta dig at big summer action movies.
I sincerely hope they throw a small mountain of money at him for a sequel. Really the only thing this movie was lacking was Goldblum constantly telling everyone how terrible everything is.
I love that guy. I had absolutely no idea he was going to be in it, and I'm super glad he was Chief Meta Comic Relief.
I love that this movie was essentially "Look at all this shiny shit we have to do to get audiences in seats. You know what? F*** THAT! OLD SCHOOL WINS!" It's having it's cake and eating it too, but that's fine with me when it's this good.
I spent $10 on their card last year, and got back over $60 in rewards and concession discounts. The card isn't good if you go to the movies twice a year, but if you go enough to care about a rewards card it *definitely* is. AMC is now, hands down, the best chain in my area.
I'm rarely entirely uncomfortable by things that are on my television. Thursday night was a fine exception to that. NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE.
I haven't seen anything on sale that I particularly want. It doesn't help that I've promised myself I'd get through the last couple episodes of the Game of Thrones game, and at least a bit more of Dragon Age before Arkham Knight comes out next week. My backlog is kind of absurd at this point....I'm being really picky about what I add to it.
Reading SRD almost universally smash KiA into the floor is probably my favorite internet thing today.
So, if we were attacked by Sentinels at lunch, perhaps you could throw a Gyro!?
Stupid comic relief, relieving tension, almost as if designed to do that.
WANT
The show has had it's funny moments, but I don't know that I've ever laughed out loud like I did at that scene. It's almost like Bryan Fuller remembered he's Bryan Fuller. (Obviously the show is very Fuller, but it's not typically as funny as much of his other stuff). Edit: I lied. When Verger stabbed Hannibal's chair, and the "Mouth slightly agape" look of horrified disbelief and rage that Mads put on. Funniest moment in the show. I rewatch that scene when I need a laugh.
Yeah, they're pretty much going there. (Though I don't think it's romantic love). They're taking a *lot* of the previous subtext and just putting it on the table and pointing at it. And I think it's great.
Chilton needs and eye-patch and a parrot. (I'm pretty sure Raul Espraza actually made that joke, but I inappropriately laughed out loud at the thought when he popped up in the preview for next week).
....technically, she killed him.
Blech. I tossed $60 at it, because I've been a big Shenmue fan since Dreamcast, but this is annoying. Probably won't pull my support, though. Happy to help, regardless.
Top Pair, second best kicker on that board, with that action, with that much money in the pot? Call. There are obviously hands that have you beat, but I couldn't imagine folding there.
Honestly, to me...he's either got you crushed or has nothing, and has you on a better nothing and his hand won't hold up at showdown. Pot odds, you have to be right once out of every 3ish times to be profitable, and you said he was loose (I don't know if you meant he just has a wide three bet range pre-flop, regardless of the rest of his play). To me, it's a reluctant call...but still a call. I'm not a pro...that's just my opinion and reasoning. Edit: Of course, I'm ignoring the part where there's another person in the hand he still has to beat to win the pot that's already there, and he's betting into a dry pot. That's tricky, you're right that they're probably betting with something better than a pair of queens.
Yep. This is precisely what it looks like when Hannibal runs out of fucks.
Perfectly handled one of the biggest suckouts I've seen, super late in the game on the biggest stage for poker in the world. This is the very definition of class by Cheong. This is the video that I keep in mind whenever a loose player calls a pre-flop raise when I have aces, haha.
One of my favorite parts of the season is when Brook says "You are *really* bad at your job". That whole storyline was just gut wrenching, and made Healey practically irredeemable. I want to see him destroyed professionally in Season 4.
Somehow just the very concept of erectile dysfunction is actually a more reliable source than encyclopedia dramatica.
I ordered one. I'm buying it anyway, and wanted the pipboy. I don't pre-order things to get exclusives or to make sure I have something on day one. I pre-order things I know for a fact I'm buying on day one, and specifically special editions that actually come with a thing that I want. This is both. Maybe I'm a bad /r/gaming subscriber, but I'm not a part of this 'no preorder' circlejerk.
Yeah, me too. They could easily say "Well, we don't want to produce it, but if *you* want to produce and stream new seasons, we're going to get in your way". If there's serious interest from another company, and Amazon fucks it up by being unreasonable (obviously they're owed some sort of consideration, but if they're passing on it....they should be reasonable), I'm tossing my prime subscription and telling them *exactly* why.
I want to participate in this discussion, but I'm running face first into (relatively minor, but still) spoilers in every thread. I'll be back when I'm done.
"Got a base head wife. Her womb is polluted. This whole town's a pussy, waiting to get fucked". Possibly the best song lyrics ever recorded.
Ender's Game is a fantastic book. I have no trouble saying that without having to twist my mind around how disgusting Card is. That said, every time I purchase anything associated to the man, I donate *double* what I paid for it to GLAAD.
"Sometimes we send this one up to headquarters for no reason at all!"
The image of one of his Feelings hugging the guitar and rocking back and forth while the GIRL alarm goes off is probably one of my favorite Pixar things.
"SIGNAL THE HUSBAND!"
That movie ruined Jacob Pitts for me. Dude played a US Marshall that's also a crazy bad-ass sniper on Justified, and every time he comes on screen I think to myself "....this isn't where I parked my car!"
They shouldn't. And I don't think that's what was decided here. Simply that the state *can't deny* marriage licenses to same sex couples looking for one. Churches should be able to decide for themselves what services they want to perform.
TV Show, but yeah...he plays Tim Gutterson.
Right. But I didn't say anything like that. I was just making a joke about states getting around the supreme court ruling on abortion by requiring admitting privileges for doctors that perform them. (The implication being that regardless of the ruling on the constitutionality of banning it, they will find a way to try).
Oh, dur. Yeah. He plays Coop.
So long as he's replaced by a Baldwin of equal or greater value.
There are very few shows out there that are/were so bad that they actually make me angry. I'm pretty sure that Legend of the Seeker and Under the Dome are at the top of that short list for me. (Mostly a mix of bad and completely crapping on the source material). That more people are watching *that* than Hannibal is just. No.
While it does deviate from the source material, I think it gets the *feel* of a Thomas Harris novel better than anything that's come before it. I've said repeatedly that Fuller does Harris better than Harris does Harris. I remember being initially impressed by how it wasn't *awful* (as I initially saw it as another pointless reboot, regardless of how much I like Fuller), and as the first half of the first season went on, it became pretty clear that it was a masterpiece. I'd seriously give it at least the first season....even if it doesn't live up to the hype for you, it's at the very least a *good* show.
Eternal Sunshine is one of my absolute favorite movies.
TOTES NOT A RIGHT WING MOVEMENT GUIS
"Court makes obvious and right decision" Of course it's 5-4. I don't even need to look at who voted what.
Even if he's bluff shoving (which he obviously was), there was only a *very small* amount of hands that 7 high still beat. He literally can't call. I can't imagine anyone calling.
Yeah, that would have been a sick hero call (also still crazy), but the board texture was *much* different. I remember that hand from one youtube video or another, haha.
Yeah, Kennedy's 'swing vote' is kind of hard to gauge, haha.
As much as I'm not a fan of George W. Bush, if he shows up on the last episode of the Daily Show, that would probably be the best thing ever.
Truth.
Classic Tits McGee.
Great. Now I want Gary Oldman in some Star Wars.
The perfectly subtle look of abject horror with the tiniest bit of rage that Mads gives in that scene alone should have earned him every award ever.
".....yes?" Jeremy Davies, ladies and gentlemen.
I....honestly can't answer the question. It's like asking "Who is your favorite child?". Except there are almost 40 children.
I know! I really wish he had just used his normal Scottish accent, just to differentiate it a little more. Though it it kind of effective in carrying over his ridiculous inherent likability by using a voice that's already instantly endearing to a lot of people. (Driving home the point that abusers that are successful in getting away with it always come across as 'nice' and/or 'likable'). Every time he says "Well...." in JJ, I was like "NOT THAT, TOO!"
"Now, don't be down y'all! We can go get some AIDS from the forest!"
Still too soon........
Sometimes I'm convinced that I'm the only person (other than a friend) over the age of 12 that loves pretty much all things Minions.
Yep, absolutely. I just wish they hadn't used it because it ruined the 10th doctor for me in the tiniest of ways.
Yeah, Reynolds is basically Wade Wilson in that movie. He's the reason it's watchable.
Hahahaha. Truth.
Came here to say that. Saw someone already made the reference. I'm glad I'm not the only one that quotes that line.
I've seen The Force Awakens twice so far, and the first time I was in the bathroom during this speech. The second time I passed out for about five minutes and missed it again. Good to finally see it in potato quality at least, haha.
I haven't seen it, but a friend told me that he even pronounces it that way in the movie. I kind of need to see it if it's true.
I read that and rolled my eyes. They definitely wanted him for the movie, and for whatever reason (I've heard a couple reasons, who knows what's going on) he didn't want to do it. Now he's sad they killed Hiller off screen? What was he hoping they'd keep it ambiguous, so he could come back in the next when when he realized how silly it was to turn it down? Then again, they could just bring him back anyway. *Brent Spiner* is in this silly thing, and I thought his character was 20 shades of dead in the first one.
Well, then I need to see it. Source: I'm 35 years old and love stupid kids movies.
Oh, I'm sure. I was just giving myself crap. :)
Definitive proof of a specific deity.
Kickstarted it way back when, and downloaded it yesterday. Ate two hours in what felt like ten minutes. Super, super fun.
He always says that...
*That's* where I've seen her before.
Having emotional problems at school to the point where I requested to be allowed to go home. Went to a vocational school, so I spent half my school time with one teacher. Nurse calls this teacher in to see if they can talk to me. Confide in teacher, explaining the source of the problems. (Girl related). Teacher helps me feel better, so good on him. The next week, he's mocking me about the issue in front of the rest of the class, including said girl. I tell him to go to hell. He gives me detention. Worth it.
This. Dropped a bunch of weight last year, and everyone is like "How'd you do it!?? You do paleo? Gluten free? Weight Watchers? Atkins???". Uhm. No. Ate less. Exercized.
Or Dead Pooler
Yeah, that's something that is easy to take for granted. I can't even imagine being that well known.
Aren't these the same people that complain "SJW's" focus on first world problems, and don't care about things that actually matter?
If you're into the metal, my ex put on Sleep's Dopesmoker one night. (It's an hour long song). It may be a weird suggestion, but it was kind of amazing. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hIw7oeZKpZc
Loved that movie. Reynolds is extremely underrated.
Yeah, that seems off. I hope it's wrong. I really, really do.
That's pretty much what I think they're hinting at. A major plot point introduced in the books, but not fully explored, is Hannibal running off with Clarice.
I honestly don't even have any fucks left to give to bother getting up to speed on this, but my recollection is that Zoe had a restraining order placed on him, including barring him from writing about her on the internet. He's been fighting that, and as a result of fighting that, the Massachusetts legal system is actually pressing *more* charges. It boils down to: "Leave her alone" "NO! I HAVE THE FIRST AMENDMENT RIGHT TO CONTINUE TO HARASS HER!" "Ok, not only is that not true, but now we're actually pressing harassment charges." "BUT MUH PEACHES!"
This is best summed up by the editors note on the Cracked article regarding the Zoe post: ""Gentlemen," we said amid the stunned silence, "do you realize that if what they're saying is true, then this is still the most pointless fucking bullshit anyone has ever forced us to read?""
Ok, you just ruined Dory for me. Thank you.
I listened to Too Weird an obscene amount for the year after it came out. I love that album. (Casual Affair is probably my favorite song by them). Vices &amp; Virtues was also amazing, though. I think they get better with every one up until this one. (Haven't listened to it enough to decide).
There's already a comment simply laughing, and I should just upvote that one....but..... HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA.
