dude.. wtf are u saying
so, a lot of plp sent gifts and stuff to win a "free" skin yet they didnt. keep thinking this isnt riot plan all along
he should have said "was garbage compared to the other TT Games"
keith pro career is so weird lol
if a random girl sexted me for no reason at all i would be so happy.
not sure if i have seen this in a movie, or i will soon..
suit up ted
tl;dr, why is tasting dog urine nsfw?
if u guys wanna know where the "inspiration" for this tat came from, probably a manga called prison school
a computer repair specialist for six years
i guess they arent really close.
i saw them at some manga popular sites a long time ago i think, google may help u more.
that´s what bothers me, werlib wasnt a bad top laner imo, giants weak link was adryh but w/e, lets see what happens on this new season
Hm... should i understand that plp peeking into others phones is something normal in usa? hm...
i dont understand the whole de ranking crap on cs go, honestly i dont see that in any other game. but, thats karma for u, enjoy.
i do believe the name of the arc is dumb, most plp use SA, since it wont spoil anything.
maybe, iwould like that but, the next arc is imo more epic so... a movie of that one would be better?
it was taken down? so no more multi-soloq?
so are u saying that lesbians are virgins forever? lol.. edit: i guess my comment its aimed more to mhaaad but im a reddit noob :v
dom prevented dat 5th dragon tho dude, dont be that guy
so, i heard plp wanted shorter games...
so, i heard plp wanted shorter games...
link to the vod? :D if there is any
no
I Would answer but dem reddit downvotes :&lt;
this guy knows
i swear if renegades loses to this..
why would u say that on the mic, this is advanced stupidity
she did otsu in gintama too
there are characters that stopped being used, like otsu and that purple prince (hata?) because those werent funny enough
watch the azumi movies, u will learn what happens to most students :D
we should get mods on this subreddit
this isnt a fair game to judge ren, but i think rf and crumbz needs to update their champion pool.
ayyyy
so? u have those.. hmm how do ppl call those volumen adjusting buttons? hmmm
perfection?
fear? terror? go watch penny dreadful :3, thats an amazing show
enough to not whine about such stupid reasons.
awesome
go for legends.
why the swearing dude? calm down
why would they keep the 20$? couldnt they at least give u back idk.. 3.50?
its funny when everyone stays there like "huh, what do we do now?"
gotta leave.
proven point?
fun fact, adding the 3 or 1 points system will help avoid those situations, pretty cool.
probably lol.
meh, its ok, do all that stupid stuff while u are a teen, thats the only way to learn.
pardon my ignorance, is there a huge diference between c++ and c#?
amumu?
bns pvp is wrong imo, it should be equalized on 6vs6 and 3vs3, non equalized on 1vs1. this way feels more rewarding. also, destroyer bots would have never been an issue
i super suck, what i do is work around X cooldown, at 4 stacks 2-f-lmb, usually by the end of the 10 secs of stage 4 searing palm i can start again. with FS i like to proc 4 stages of searing palm then activate fs and spam comet+lmb for 10 secs. now that we are here, sometimes the insta comet cd doesnt aply and i dont know why.
... yeah, we wouldnt like to have things like MYM, or things like the whole renegades/badawi, or something like chinesse teams dramafests, shall i continue?
so u dont want the scene to evolve? no one gives a fuck about a no nameish team, im extremely ok with these teams take over the scene as long as the big names of esports are still involved (fnc, tsm,navi,clg,g2,c9,liquid,dig,og,eg,...) pd: yeah, i want a navi serious league team.
league is dying since they released annie, and every new game is "the one that will kill league"
its should be giants or g2, spanish based orgs
well.. how many ultimate skins are out there? not like there are a ton. the ones they have should be the bests
we cant kill all the mosquitoes, we need to build a wall
are u saying that element owners didnt get any money and were forced to sell?
ofc, i know that :P, i just posted 2 different situations.
they cant do that..
Cool :3
liquid staff doesnt seem bad either.
and then rito went broke /s
i liked the anime, could been better, maybe ill pick up the games.
i remember that guy on the ... justin bieber roast? had someone joke something like " the only person who inhaled more smoke than snoop dog is Xguy dad at 9/11" it was super fuckd up but also so funny :(
the good ones?
i dont really follow cs go competitive scene so, u lost me there.
omg this!
now that u bring shameless up, mandy... or that asiatic girl lip meets at college
im trying my best to no laugh hard right now, im at work :(
so, im just lazy? thx m8.
no :&gt;
i want it to get movies. mass effect is the star wars of this generation, and imo, it could be better overrall... ill let myself out b4 angry nostalgic ppl bury me in downvotes
i will always hate bioware for misshandling this franchise so bad. after the awesome origins.. they decided to fuck it over, took away anything that made that one great and released 2 and 3 as almost hack and slash games, also the history... why couldnt they do what they did with mass effect?
have an upvote for playing this underrated gem
i had to scroll too much for this
wow, whats the problem with u
the lack of a gintama reference here puts me so close to crying :(
almost everyone lol.
that suicide mission, many ppl cheat the game by reloading after a companion dies somehow, carrying on with ur initial choices is the best.
go play life is strange then
i complaing about things like that sometimes, but there are a lot of things to do now... playing like 3-4 hours a day u cant even do all the thing avaliables. so, cant do ssp? do something else, thats what im doing. edit: that was b4 nebula event, now i can do ssp just normally, but i rather do things that feel more rewarding for my time like 4 man soguns and stuff
i tried to watch the tourneys on youtube, its not enjoyable... not like watching league or even cs go
just leave already :/ stop embarrassing yourself
we are gonna do it reddit?
a fucking idiot?
never, never ever, be an asshole to IT, some ppl understimate the things they can do to get back at you.
this didnt get golded? :(
lol
thats from a sit com..
Wait till chi master event that will probably be helpful
some reference to that will be on the movie, mark my words.
its funny how thats still a meme, he proved his point so far, since he said that the team (ren-&gt;envy) has been performing well enough.
aww man :(
read the name of that user
be like pastor maldonado, claim support to a fucking communist bunch of idiots that are in power, get their money so u can be placed in a team because moneyz, crash every 2 races and finish one in the whole year, the dream right there.
its like, pitcher throws, 5 secs of action, and ads, rinse and repeat.
SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSPOILERS
i dont really like newish kpop tho, i "grow up" playing the korean version of the DDR, Pump It Up, and the music was awesome :3
