They gave all the good weapons to trials Unfortunatly for some
That argument is invalidated by the amazing pve weapons available from the lighthouse
Reinforced barrel increased range at the expense of stability while rifled battle takes away reload speed. Reinforced barrel is better because stability doesn't matter on a shotgun
I find Reinforced barrel is better. If much rather sacrifice stability than reload speed especially when stability has no effect on a shotgun
Yeah I have all 3 and the party crasher is the best in my opinion
Even if they are geared at pvp it doesn't mean they aren't great for pve. A lot of pvp perks carry over to pve especially when there's elemental damage. You can't just gloss over the fact the only way to get a decent elemental primary with this dlc is through a flawless trials run.
Yeah but they are pretty terrible when compared to their trials counterparts. I think that's the biggest problem. Even if you get an elemental primary from skolas it won't hold up against old raid gear or even the trials weapon. so yes there really is an argument that the only way to get good " raid type" Weapons with this dlc is the through pvp
I have used both with identical rolls pretty extensively and I like the party crasher. The range difference is slmost unnoticeable but the party crasher fires noticibly faster. It'd probably a preference thing though
i did it twice with 2 gallys and a hunger and we all used pretty much all our rockets and a synth. barely got it done
Yeah i know its not required but the guy you responded to is talking about bursting him down. Which you pretty much need gjallarhorns
i kind of disagree. I think playing in the iron banner is the best place to finish the bounty... alot of PVE players are playing iron banner meaning a less skilled pool. Whos going to be playing regular crucible when iron banner is active? probably people who enjoy crucible. You could be right but i see iron banner as the best place to complete the bounty
You only get one weapon even if you have two bounties at the same time
I disagree. A shotgun is going to one hit someone anyway from the right distance... Having maxed range and mag is more important than trying to proc luck in the chamber at the expense of range and mag size Edit: spelling
That's a really poor example but I get your point. It's more like using shards to upgrade a piece of dark below armor. You don't get more back even if you put shards into it
Trading would ruin destiny. I've seen it ruin and your other games and it really doesn't bring anything to the table especially in a game like destiny
yeah i agree with that. With TLW you just need to find that sweetspot distance thats too far for a shotfun but close enough that you have the advantage...TLW will win that fine most of the time
Yeah you are right the one he is selling is a beast. I wrote that before I saw what the rolls were on the vendor one but all my points on desired perks still stand. I will probably get one to roll and one to keep as is. I would like to roll hidden hand on one as well I wish that and third eye weren't exclusive
i have them both and i like the party crasher more. The impact and range difference is negligible but the party crasher fires noticeably faster. I have both with identical rolls btw
i see your point but buying an exotic engram and re rolling a weapon are not the same thing. To be honest i think its harder to get weapon parts than it is to get motes especially with the material exchange
I dont think its a good analogy because you can get motes from just about every material in the game. yeah you get alot of engrams but when compared to how many parts it takes to upgrade a weapon its not really proportionate. Im not really follwing why you are so against a less time consuming way to get weapon parts. Im not asking for them for free just a less time consuming way to get them
i wouldnt say thats ignorant. I might have exagerated when i said 9-0 or nothing but I was just trying to show that trials is also very easy for some people even more so than skolas. to some extent you either succeed at trials of you dont there isnt much middle ground whether you go undefeated or not
i have been but i use them up as soon as i get them even without reforging
thats not an option for the majority of players. I got to 7 wins the first week but wasnt able to crack it last week
yeah the key is good fireteam which is hard to come by. Im solid at regular pvp but i cant get it to carry over to trials.
Get to 34 first and then worry about rolls later. Raid boots are solid though heavy of the heavy ammo increase
the problem with that is that skolas can pretty much one shot you with his solar cannon this week
i dont have either unfortunately. I have beaten him the last two weeks with LDR and Efirideets spears. I would try and find a high impact solar sniper. Ice breaker with only 6 shots( can fire roughly 8 consecutively) is not viable if they are trying to burn him. I dont think you could even break his bonds with ice breakers. Ill probably be staying away this week. i have 60 normal crota clears and no black hammer and do every exotic drop 3x a week and no Gjallarhorn
Thanks i really didnt care too much about the GHORN until recently. Not having one is actually negatively effecting my experience now. I wouldnt say xur should sell it but someone who plays as much as i do should have a way to acquire a weapon like this. I coudlnt even do skolas 1st week and im all about endgame PVE.
i think you are missing the whole point of this post. He is showing that a Gjallarhorn isnt necessary like most people think. Of course its a strategy get off your high horse
No its not i have only gotten it on two of my three characters every week. Its only guaranteed one per account per week and the rest is RNG
middle tree is all about preference. I like snap shot but a stability upgrade is also an option
Yeah you really shouldnt be using hunger in PVP. Anything with prox det will outperform you and the hungers tracking kind of sucks
yeah one of you stun him and the other two use gallys
I would try and roll for reinforced barrel and shot package. Anything after that is a bonus. I personaly dont like handicapping myself to proc final round more often in a weapon that already one hit kills people ( smallboar)
been playing it all week.
I would use a high impact sniper rifle instead of the dragons breath
What happens if someone has to leave and the other two want to keep going. They cant add anyone to there activity?
i just use the destiny app and i have pretty good luck finding teams for every activity... i feel like there arent as many people posing on the reddit recruitment
i dont really agree with just letting the person with the essence die. Why not just stick together and keep moving...
Corrective measure is not bad. I have all the god heavy machine guns but always go back to my corrective measure. I kind of stopped reading after that
600 hours of gameplay and don't have a single faction shader and I only rank factions
get over it the rewards are RANDOM. I have recieved a ton of rewards from being at the top of the leaderboard and other from being at the bottom. As for the inactivity issue im not sure why he wasnt kicked
armentarium is the best titan PVP exotic. I use the crest for trials because of the faster revives. I would level up striker first if you want to play PVP
i should say it was being a sherpa for crota for months and seeing people flip out over their new loot but really i think my best moment in destiny was probably when i realized trials isnt that hard and i can actually succeed at it
its not worth it. The weapons all blow and i have no incentive to grind my way to the skolas or even the 34 anymore
People make ridiculous requirements for every activity. " vog must be 34 with max ghorn". There are also plenty of people on the forums just looking for people to play trials with. It's like selective reading ... You only see the people going for flawless when there are a ton of people just going for 5-7 wins. Trials can be frustrating especially if you don't have good friends. I have been working at getting better at pvp and finally go flawless this weekend. It was well worth it and I think anyone can succeed at trials with a good gam plan and solid weapons
It's how they want pvp played. They don't want people sneaking around and have the game being about who can do that Better
Happened to me last week. We lost the first match and then got our revenge the second time around.
Yeah you are guaranteed a weapon from the core but it should be an elemental primary instead of the core. That would make sense if you are comparing it to old raids
You all seem to be missing the point. Trials rewards guaranteed endgame elemental primaries. That's why they are comparable because they both reward the penultimate weapons in destiny but not even close to evenly. Yes trials is harder but that's subjective. Trials is very easy for some people and PoE is very easy for some people. It took triple wreck two hours to beat skolas on arc burn week yet he can do a 9-0 in 40 minutes. Subjective. If trials didn't award elemental primaries then yes it would be ridiculous to compare the two acticty and their rewards.... But they do and that's the item people play pve to recieve. I don't understand why people are so against this
Trials changed the game though. The fact that trials guaranteed you the ultimate pve weapons available in this dlc makes the activities and their rewards comparable. I do agree that when compared to old raids sure skolas and his rewards are not that bad. If we want to go a little deeper though the old raid weapons were actually good. The PoE weapons blow and I think that's where a lot of the outrage comes from. Anyone saying trials and skolas aren't comparable because trials is harder is just ridiculous. They are comparable because they both rewards elemental primaries. There was never a pvp equivelent like that before so it's hard to compare anything from this dlc to old raids and how they awarded gear
I can agree with all that. The PoE weapons need a buff and that will fix most of these issues. I think they should add a legitimate perk and then have the fallen perk as a secondary like oracle disrupted or hive burn on Crota weapons
or you could only reconnect in between rounds
Ive been disconnected from destiny before and nothing else in my house has every been effected...ever
The only problem with this is that vendor gear is a much higher level that vanillia destiny and it is kind of necessary when you are going from 20-30. There is no way around that and it will effect your experience. It is still a cool idea but you cant necessarily do what you did to originally get to 30
might be the worst tutorial ive ever seen. You barely even explain how to use the heavy ammo glitch and dont even mention the icebreaker.
if you are gonna play the game buy the dlc's. If not then its not really worth it .
Its not really reasonable to compare the price of a full DLC to the price of cosmetic items. Now if we compare that $20 to something relevent.....Remember when this community ate up ONE shader, ONE emblem and a teeshirt for 25 bucks and people are flipping out over 3x the in game content for 20 bucks? I dont know what people expected but its right in line with what we asked for as a community. You dont have to pay for items you already own to get the cosmetic issues which is litterally what we wanted. People love being outraged Edit: yest i was referring to the Nepal relief donations. I hope you dont really believe that many destiny players would have donated if they weren't receiving in game items. yeah it was for a good cause but a lot of people also saw it as a purchase
yes i just added that in the edit....
Yeah you are right it can go both ways i just thought it was one of the only things we have had to go by when talking about cosmetic items. The t-shirt is cool but im sure just the cosmetics spurred people to donate
the majority of popular streamers are not against donations. Where did you get that idea? Thats a whole different discussion but you are way off the mark on that. They thrive on donations
I actually started watching him recently and I've never seen him act like that. That video was my first impression of him but he is actually one of the nicest streamers around
Most of the matches i saw ( i watched a decent amount) he was always the top of his team even when he was playing with resolve. Hes def a good play but does need to get sweatier
Weapon reforging is the single best thing that came with this DLC. I respect your opinion but thats all it is... an opinion.
you had them dead to rights... why did you leave the orbs and hand him those revives? cool vid but you shouldn't have been in that position anyway
a striker titan can nullify any other super especially a blade dancer...they definetly have their place
completely disagree. The Vault of glass was not flawless. It was a great first raid level activity but kings fall is much more mature and a much more finished product. You are blinded by nostalgia. I wasnt even playing the whole thing after i had armor. I would just load into atheon 3x a week
That's a ridiculous statement. You can't go for kills like that in tdm because the match would be over in minutes
they either grow physically right out of the gate or they dont. Sure somtimes physical growth can get spurred on later in their development but if they dont start growing when they are promoted i wouldnt bank on it happening at all.
Can i ask why you only want his overall to go up? Just training stats that increase their overall actually make them a worse player in the long run
any luck?
yeah i got a huge list of shit they want me to do. Im just done with the game. Fuck it
just bad luck. Ive had amazing regens with great WF and SM as well as what youve experienced
I Cant imagine playing a shooter without my scuff. It takes some getting used to but the paddles are ridiculously helpful
been having the same issue on PS4
no... Youth players physicals only grow a fraction of the time and its mostly luck. Id say its like50 percent ( maybe) of all youth players. So more than likely his physicals wont grow
He made a video last year about a CONFIRMED 6th chest in the vault of glass. Made a 20 minute video describing how him and his team found it and what you need to do to find it as well. He was clearly lying and i unfollowed after that
Im not exactly sure what you are trying to say. Can you be more specific about what you are encountering or what the problem is?
what they request for salary is what you need to give them.
let him get the may bump. Players like that get the biggest bumps
yes there is. Just not for user controlled teams. Thats how computer players grow.
You sell the player to a computer team in january and he will get a bump while on the other team in may. The may bump is still there just not for user controlled players
its so frustrating when you are dominating and have the other team against the wall in their own spawn and your teammates start blocking their spawn so they flip. Pet peeve for me
you didnt tell us what map you are talking about
M8, Pharao and ghost were my first 3. I was sick of waiting for the pharoa to unlock and m8 is such a high level it made sense to me
it took me a little while to get used to my scuff but i cant imagine playing without it now. You will get used to it. Give it time you wont regret it
I Stay as long as i am not getting spawn camped and there arent raps on the ground already
alot of them lobby shop and quit when they are getting any decent competition
you found a decent youth prospect. A dime a dozen.
but it did. They all were playing on their personal accounts for the last two days because big foltz needed to be the one who reached 1000. Also the majority of the people doing the work were 3 of the streamers not the owner of the channel who made out ridiculous well from this whole thing
yeah hes a really amazing player but i know what you are saying. Last night he called some dude a "fucking idiot" and continued to ridicule the other team for actually trying to play the objective
it says it right on there you can only use on per season
lets not get carried away. Ethnic light was a gimmick and didnt require you to use new weapons. I liked having to try new weapons at the beginning of ttk
I've been playing destiny religiously since launch. i haven't played in a few months and have no desire to play anymore. I absolutely love destiny but i got bored
yeah you are wrong. First of anyone who plays the game regularly can come to those conclusions on their own. Bringing a you tuber into this helps nothing. Now those guns were a problem. They were all the best guns in their class barring a few exotics. Even when house of wolves came out I would've taken the vog and Crota weapons over anything they could've released. They made them too Strong and realized it. Hence why they needed to be phased out. Now Gjallarhorn is a horrible example to bring. That gun was broken and people were pissed when it got taken away becusse they now had to actually do some Mechanics. Now you can disagree but the argument that you liked using them unfortunately doesn't cut it Edit spelling
you guys think you have problems. My career mode has been freezing about 5 years in and getting corruped. Its a problem effecting other people on the career mode sub but its not wide spread enough for EA to do anything about it. All they do when i contact them is give me standard trouble shooting tips when its clearly something wrong with the game. I have stopped playing fifa
no you cant bet on that because they dont do that.
even if he opened 1 million fifa points worth of packs that would be like $7k. Explain to me how that a "eating thru that so fast"
I never gave either of those guns a second thought until i did diamond ARs. Now they are two of my favorite guns in the game. Especially the hvk.
yeah i think OP is a little confused
