Stop overthinking and do what you feel. once you have pulled an "overnighter" (I am assuming this also means sex) then it's pretty much on. So relax, he is enjoying himself, you should be too.
"You suck dick right?"
Well, time to practice your baseball skills. Next time at bat, try to score second or third base!!! In my experience, once we are kissing and making out, the cocks become hard and if you touch him or draw attention to your hardon, it is just natural to wanna play with it. Ease him into a blowjob situation, and suck his cock. I find that sexual as hell and very intimate! It's not as big a committment as heading to the bedroom for upside down naked calisthenics, and often can be the most intimate way to provide pleasure.
Yes, it's a thing. Take note of specific instances IF there is a behavior you would like changed, be aware this isn't just about him, this is also about you. Look, I am a man's man kinda guy. I have tools, owned guns, intimidate younger straight boys, do my own brake jobs, fix plumbing and repairs around the house, remodeled the kitchen, et cet. None of that makes me feel insecure. But when my partner makes comments about my being our dogs mama to other men I would be insecure and object. Eventually I learned to deal with it and he learned to show enough respect that we reached a compromise. It just is key in realizing that just because he looks at you a certain way, that doesn't make you into that person. You can ask them to change, you can ask them what they mean, and explain how it makes you insecure. In my life he tells our 13 Lb Shih-tzus to "ask their momma for a treat" I have realized that it is endearing and affectionate and I no longer object, he does take my car to the gas station and fill it for me sometimes, and he does a lot of the laundry chores and we share the cooking. It works for me, I don't take any shit for it, when my work friends come around they get a kick because they all see me as very powerful and manly, and he allows them to see a tender side to me. EDIT: spelling, some grammar, (iPad autocorrect hell)
Hey str8 bro, no one likes being "catfished" and what they did to you was awful no matter their sexuality or gender. If you were recorded, against your will, and without your knowledge, that is not a crime. However, if you were recorded while you were being misled and they then disseminate your images to porn or other content providers, they have committed some crimes which are prosecutable and carry both civil and criminal liability (fines, restitution, jail time). If anything they may post it somewhere. If you do find it out there, seek legal help to have it removed and control it. Keep in mind that you are not a celebrity, so your pictures will not stand out unless someone knows you. Don't be too afraid, the pics will be largely unseen until you run for office...
Offer him the whole package bro. Instead of trying to be his first, try to be his all. Go and try to win out against the boyfriend, but you have to offer the same things. You don't mention that the brother is into you at all, so you must be just wishing from afar? Time to find out if you have a chance at being his boyfriend, not just some guy who wants to fuck him.
All you have to do is take it to the next level. Instead of eye contact, it has to be verbal, so be cute when you say something. Take your time wording responses and instead of short curt responses, take the time to introduce new subjects while keeping the conversation going. For instance: (Him) Sup? (You) IDK- but there are possibilities.... There is no way that won't get a response, (or blocked haha). Be suggestive, sexual, excited, and interested, but use your words.
Remember to have fun and talk about how it feels to your partner. He needs to know if you feel good and vice versa. One shower will work, just pay attention with soap and washcloth to all the ares where he might be close. Scrub your ears, your toes, your ass, taint, hole, Cock, balls, and stick a finger in and around inside your anus to make sure you are clean, if you have a foreskin, retract it and clean all inside there. Above all have fun, and don't be selfish.
&gt;He lets me be selfish and not do much and he does a lot of the work haha Well it's obvious you and he are in different places. You think you are simply fucking, and he thinks he is building a relationship. At some point you figured to stop taking advantage of him? Or did you plan on being the "selfish one" from now on? So you plan to ghost him. Wow, that's payback for his investment. Why not just level with him and explain that it is purely physical for you and obviously not for him, and it's time for you to go. God forbid you take some responsibility here. Be firm, be real, tell him that it's over and you are not seeing him any more.
Challenge yourself. Let him drive. You need practice at that. Social first or you will be easy and they won't date you, but will just use you for sex. These aren't hard and fast rules, there are always exceptions, but as a gay man, you owe it to yourself to learn how to function socially first so that you can separate the serial killers from the potential husbands.
Yes, three years ago I was heavily recruited for over a year for what turned out to be my dream job. I was in a three year old relationship that had a commitment ceremony, joint assets incl. shared home, shared vehicles, and joint checking accounts. When I tried to talk to my husband about the recruiter he laughed and told me to submit a resume because "what could it hurt?" I said that they would probably offer me a job. I did, they did, and when it came time to move I almost got divorced. We moved together, it was extremely difficult on our relationship, we suffered from the loss of his income while he was working on certifications and credentials for the new state regulations. Eventually it worked out, but I will never ever consider a move without full disclosure with joint compromise and decision making. Why has it recently changed? Is this his preference? Or is an opportunity just too good to pass up? It is one thing to be upset over not being near each other, but what happens when you guys try to solve work problems? I had to support my mate for a year and a half to get to a place where we were both working successfully. If you guys want to be together, then ask him to marry you and solve the problems together. Many schools offer degree programs online, is he able and willing to help you work you way into a more successful degree? Will you be content working and doing school part time while watching him be successful? Do you trust him to help you? TL:DR if you love him and he loves you then work on each other's careers together.
Are you fucking kidding me? I'm gay, this is /r/askgaybros, and in case no one else has the balls to tell you, you're fucking gay bro. Time to get the counselor redirected to help you accept it.
Why are you asking this question. Do you not realize you are in danger?
crying that often is a red flag. You are being manipulated, controlled and systematically abused.
You need to get out of your head and into your hands. Start painting and doing things that require concentration. It will be much healthier than letting your mind go in circles. Meditate every morning. Observe your thoughts. You will find that porn is like a drug. You have been an addict, dealing with the minds addiction to it isn't easy. Don't fuck around until you know someone. Minimum of three dates, they have to make the first move, leave your penis in your pants and concentrate on holding hands and being in the present.
You need real dates, not hookups, emotional intimacy, not sexual activity. I don't understand why people want to pretend that love and sex don't go hand in hand. You need to have the social intimacy of falling in love, date, kiss, hold hands, be real, talk about fears and share them. Then you will have enough emotional investment to control the sexual expression of that.
You have asked him to be your boyfriend? If not, then do. but you know what? Wear black, do some mourning, take care of grief like you lost a relationship because you have. It's the same process for getting over unrequited love as any breakup, feel it, self care, slowly get on with life. It isn't supposed to be easy to feel, but the question remains; now that you got hurt playing FWB, don't you think it should be a boyfriend you share sex, intimacy, and secrets with? Don't look for a hookup, don't look for a FUCKBOY. Look for a real live boyfriend...you sure wouldn't be worried right now if you had. Stop being so easy, once you show them your cock, you are all out of reasons to date and be boyfriends.
Dealbreaker. I don't mind a conservative, have your own mind, but a guy who is gay wanting to support Cruz or the other guys who want to roll back gay marriage and go to "kill the gays" rallies. Sorry bro, deal breaker.
Gotta be real with ya, it is a lot more fun when boyfriends cut your hair.
Dude, go ahead with your plan. You get a dog, he gets a cat and there you go! Raise em together and all is love. If you need some cat tolerance remember that some gay men just have to have a little pussy. Haha!
You have to level with him. A relationship won't make any sense because you don't want the same things. Explain that you don't want a relationship with anyone right now, and he will probably want to end your sexual relationship and possibly move into another roommate situation. Good luck
I like a Case. I have carried one for years.
Gay activism is not limited to bar flys and drag queens despite what the media would have you believe. It is anchored by families.
Dude, get a room. When a friend helps you because of a breakup or what ever, you don't break the rules. You don't invite people over, you don't smoke in the house, you don't treat it like you are the homeowner. You quietly get back on your feet and move on. Then you can have a stranger in the living room naked at two am.
Hi Bro, I was molested. I also know that I was gay before I was molested. I also understand the issues around pedophilia. The NAMBLA crowd he mentions has been around for years, but has always failed to gain traction in the mainstream. Why? Because sex is HARMFUL to minors, it damages their self esteem and ability to develop into confident sexually aware adults. It is generally accepted that young minors do not have comprehension of the consequences of their actions and so do not possess the ability to consent to sexual acts. They are also commonly manipulated into having sex even when they do refuse. Legality for pedophilia will never trump protection of innocent children. I am not impressed with his claims to be a counselor to gay clients, I would not want to do therapy with someone who had no empathy for my situation, and referred to my group as "them people, you people" he obviously doesn't support homosexuality, compares homosexuality to pedophilia and is repeating common political rhetoric as being a learned man or scientific researcher. Unfortunately all of what he points to is not empirical research, not objective scientific experimentation, but simply conversational opinion bolstered with facts inappropriately drawn into the conversation much like any of us might have or argue with about our political opinions. He is apparently repeating shit that he has heard.
He is absolutely full of shit. Key elements surrounding development of same sex attraction are not fully understood by science or medicine, and most research doesn't indicate that historical assumptions surrounding behavior and late childhood development of same sex attraction / homosexuality are at all true. The leading edge of the science and medical research indicates earlier and earlier childhood establishment of immutable sexual orientation. The whole "born gay" popularity is born out by research. Having said that, keep in mind that pedophilia is not related, AT ALL. It surrounds behaviors that become hidden and compulsive and obsessive and is a well understood physchiatric disorder. The therapies that exist for pedophilia are effective at limiting and exposing relapse activity, but no one can or will support the conditional support of their pedophilia at the expense of a group of minor children. Neither would anyone support a serial killer by suggesting that he go on killing. Anyone connected with the discussion that draws these type of conclusions and comparisons are homophobic and discriminating against LGBT within their discussion.
Bro, don't be silly, when you are in a relationship where a guy is just using you for money and you want to be in love or be loved back there is no peace. If you think you want to be in an open relationship that is fine but to contemplate it as an enticement is ridiculous. Put it on for a moment. If a guy asked you to be his boyfriend, and he would pay you, and let you fuck around would you take him seriously? Would you think he wanted you? Or would you just figure he just wanted " anyone" and you were the first fly caught in the web?
Not so much, I bet there are more flattering pictures of you than the one above, but that isn't the point. I have always seemed to get a lot of action when I go out because guys just fucking like me. To be "hot" isn't something that I would characterize myself as these days, but I have always had plenty of options! Even women try to pick me up on occasion. So the point, keep doing what your doing, it's awesome!
Three Way?
Truth!
Do you? If you became successful and then famous would you have obligations? Yeah, but tempered by self interest. It can end careers, it makes people very afraid. Look at Liberace, who was the most obvious gay but still kept up appearances. Elton John claimed he was bisexual when I was in high school. Ellen came out and it cost her a show. It was a long road back. Others shouldn't make those decisions for you.
You act as if he can only cheat, not be honest and learn better. It isn't a character trait, it is bad behavior and not communicating. Many young guys slut it up in their twenties and then learn how to be a good boyfriend later in life.
People grow up. You don't know the guy, the only evidence we have is an HONEST conversation. Have you ever cheated? I have, but not since I was like twenty two. Shit does happen when you are young and gay and clubbing. If you can't see that, then w/e
This is no easy question, and normally my "knee-jerk" reaction is to be out no matter the cost, but I would refrain from having the conversation. Your involvement with him is a primary relationship in your life, alienating him would result in harming your future, and damaging your education, and denying you the formative relationship you require. In this case I am going to recommend you hold your own counsel. If he asks, do not lie, but do not bring it up. Good luck.
Chill, clean up in a shower beforehand, use your fingers to swirl around inside and ensure you are clean, go hump your brains out. Contrary to popular belief, there are gay men who bottom spontaneously without using enema or douche. They just fuck when the mood hits. One of my exes told me recently that his younger boyfriend was a real drag because there was always this stop the presses and go shower and douche. He missed how I was willing to go for it at any time.
I would make a map of places you go things and things you do. That will tell you where you should be to get close to them. People usually organize home near work to minimize commute, but consider also what you spend time doing outside work, that will show you how to be close.
Unless you tell them they won't know what is on your mind.
I went to a bar for drinks and dancing. This guy was dancing in the stage and started backing up to me. I ended up bumping his ass and got all hard in my jeans, it was drinks, good music and practically fucking if no clothes. After the dance I went and sat down and he came up and sat on my lap. This was a cruise bar in the woods outside meridian MS so we went outside and he started getting into my pants. We took turns blowing each other and he came quick. Then he just stopped and was like, you're too big to blow, it hurts my mouth. TL;DR hot and sexy boy wanted me, pushed his ass onto me, sat in my lap, dove into my trousers, came and left me with blue balls.
Look man, I am a versatile top, and I grew up shoving everything that would fit into my butt while jerking furiously on my cock. They were hard wired to each other. Sticking something in my ass instantly caused an erection and precum. If your experience is different, then Why go trying to discover your ass? Do you dude, not someone else. If I had been you and he lubed me up and fingered me, we would have fucked. That you didn't really speaks to your deal. Put it this way, I have never done something to my body I didn't enjoy or desire. If you don't want cock up inside you then forget it bro, you don't need to be different, just more clear with the boys you do the flat mambo with. Right?
It's who you are. I grew up somehow knowing two immutable truths: 1) life would be better if my mouth reached my cock 2) orgasms were a LOT MORE FANTASTIC when my ass was involved
Itching and redness and swelling....ROID Attack. So here is what is needed short term- you need medicine to help heal the roids, topical creams and suppository medicine to help reduce swelling and bring things back to normal. The itching causes frequent wiping/scratching which in turn keeps the area irritated and swollen. By the way, these can bleed which exacerbates the swelling. Heal the roids, that is step one. Long term, your diet and lifestyle are causing your condition, you need to start on a fiber regimen, use what you like, but add fiber to your diet, preferably a daily additive, (think Metamucil vs just eating veggies which is fine but inconsistent). Once your stool becomes more firm, and your roids heal, you should be able to clean up from a bowel movement quickly and effortlessly without irritating your anus and also you will find less accumulation of "leaky mess" which I suspect is not fecal matter, but blood, serum and clear mucus which is the body trying to control the inflamation and swelling. Good luck, and hope all this has helped.
Bro, I am not going to troll you. i will not tell you to go fuck yourself. I think it's awful that you have been raped. By the way, rape isn't sex, it is a violation, any non consensual sexual activity is harmful and you are RIGHT to be hurt and wounded. I don't think you should ever give up, not on yourself, not on falling in love, not on being happy or feeling better. It's complicated,but the answer lies with you, your expectations and responses are way off the charts dude. You show us a picture of a stranger and explain the plastic surgeons can make you look like him so you can get a boyfriend? You don't need looks to get a boyfriend, you need to be at peace with yourself and love yourself to get a boyfriend. TRUTH you don't need plastic surgery. You have been emotionally beat up, you have not recieved the support or love you need and you don't know how to get your needs met. You need some counseling to deal with the rape issues. You need some counseling to work on your self esteem. You need some coaching on how to deal with rejection, and how to ask and receive some dating instead of constant rejection. Be willing to date a regular dude, not a hot guy. Be willing to see that all men have flaws, and work on seeing past your own self perceived flaws. There are plenty of guys who would date you as you are without plastic surgery, without all the rejection you have been experiencing. You have got to be asking the wrong guys, and asking in a bad circumstance in order to have the results you share. In addition you take it very personally that you haven't been welcomed and asked out by others. It's common to feel like a failure at dating when you are young, and to feel like every situation is black and white when they are really grey. Just chill and get some help Bro, We love ya, don't skip getting help!
A certified copy of my marriage license.
True.
Just know them before you take the plunge. It is a small boat and everybody finds stuff out, so be a little cool at first and check twice to make sure he isn't going to flake on you.
Thank you
Several things... 1) Good for you, you went on a nice first date! 2) No,you can't change gay orientation 3) your parents will be happy if you are happy 4) you need to surround yourself with true friends who accept you Ditch the friend if he won't be open minded about your life. You know you are gay, and pretending you aren't will only hurt yourself and others. Plan to be honest with your folks when the time is right. Parents want you to be happy and successful, the how and when and with whom won't be nearly as important as the happy and successful.
See you just lost your credibility. It's one thing to be arrogant and attack ideas and positions, but you just snapped on a user, not a way to win your argument.
We had met and dated, and he told me he loved me. Not long after we started talking about living together because we were thirty miles apart and we missed each other. Not long after living together I asked him. He was willing to do a Commitment Ceremony, but Marriage between Gay Couples wasn't available in our home state then. We had 180 guests, it was lovely, we have wedding pictures on the wall in our home. Years later when it became legal where we were, we went to the Courthouse, got a license and made it more official. We still celebrate the original date tho.. :)
Straighten Up. Quit Cutting Class. Meet him when you have free time. Drugs &amp; Booze &amp; Gay Sex, well hell, no wonder you like him!!!
The relationship you have with him is clutch, but the pervy sex he wants with you is just for him and his jollies. He might get hung up on you if you do it a few times and want to stop...so be careful about how you want to continue.
I don't think in matters. I live in PDX, and am in a much more conservative industry than politics (Marine Construction) and I am out on the job. I moved here from Mississippi and I guarantee they don't treat gay people the same in Mississippi. Go to law school near PDX or SEA TAC, whatever you do, don't go to Oxford Mississippi, that would be culture shock for ya. Hope it helps. B
Adammm99 There is no way, NO WAY this is good for you. You are going to throw away your chance at college scholarships, at doing well in high school, and you are playing with dangerous substances (drugs and hooch). While it is not rare for guys to experiment, your wake up call is ringing bro. It is fun to do drugs and to drink. it is fun to have sex. But being a sixteen year old, these things need to be done in moderation. Drugs can destroy your future. Alcohol dependence can become strong enough to kill (just ask Amy Winehouse, who would have survived the drug high, but the Delerium Tremens-only caused by detox from alcohol poisoning- took her life). Its fun when you are learning to be a "bad" boy, but the honest answer is that it is a long road back to innocence. 16 doesn't last long bro, you will be older before you know it. When you do drugs and spend time on sex and booze you miss out on education and foundation skills and developing judgment that helps you live life. Take some time for yourself and remember that being cool won't provide you with and education or job. You need to develop. You need to grow into a man. Don't shortchange your childhood and wind up wasting your opportunities on a guy that doesn't value himself or you. Your life is just starting out....drop the drugs, go back to class, buckle down and get after what is important. Don't chase him into nothingness...a good boyfriend will wait for you to finish high school and won't expect you to do self harmful things.
Being a member of a minority is hard. No matter how much acceptance a guy gets from his family or social circle, he is still gay. He has still grown up with the sure and complete knowledge that he has something to be ashamed of because of the way society treats us. Accepting that one is gay and coming out of the closet also means confronting the vestiges of a homophobic value system. Relinquishing the thoughts that we are not equal. This has been a lifetime of acquired value judgments and will not go away in a day, but can be challenged and confronted with affirmations and perseverance. Remember that being gay (Two-Spirited in Native American) is special, amazing, and incredible. Gay people experience love that they describe as deeper, more real, and much more intense than straight people. Gay people embody out of the box thinking, and tend to be the most creative in both problem solving and the arts. Gay is synonymous with successful in many cases and often are leaders, inspirational, and catalysts for change. A gay minister once told me that God created Gay people to show mankind that Love would overcome any obstacle. Being accepted by the people close to them is a basic requirement for survival. Gay people, thrown away when parents realize their children are gay, by default experience a unique right of passage taken for granted universally -acceptance and support of family. This alone doesn't end their minority status or achieve success. Every racial minority has this as a given and yet they all to a single individual possess the awareness that the rest of the world will treat them harshly at times. Gay people yearn for equality and enfranchisement by the majority. Just as every minority does. As long as it is an advantage to be straight it will continue. With gay marriage becoming law in the US it is a heady time for gay rights advances, but there are fears that some of the rights will be rolled back if the republicans come to power. As u/BlubberyGiraffe points out, coming out never really ends. It has to be done constantly with new folks.
Doesn't matter to me, everybody is different in their own way.
LoL!!! Holy shit that's funny as hell!!!!
Dude, try topping. Bottoming isn't getting you off, so try top.
BDSM requires more communication, you guys need to schedule a date nite create a safe space and discuss what everyone wants, how to get it, what you like about it, what you don't like about it and how to proceed. These relationships require understanding which comes from communication.
Well, it may be a little subjective, but here is my reasoning: In order to deal with being an oppressed minority in hiding during adolescence and puberty many gay men learn a tremendous amount about themselves. They are referred to in the Native American communities as "Two Spirited" having both the benefit of a male gender and a female gender. While this may not actually make us superior, it does make us tremendously more self aware, and tremendously more flexible about accepting different ideas and solving problems by thinking "outside the box". I hope this explains adequately. :) I would assume that Bi Men are also the same.
I am not sure why I am getting down voted unless it is because of number one. While this is vulgar, it is how straight men at my work talk about gay sex. It offends me and pisses me off because Gay Sex is beautiful and awesome. Maybe you guys thought I was trolling, perhaps I should have been more eloquent with my response than just typing without thinking. Sorry guys. You might like to know that I am Gay, Married Happily, and don't feel that I should have been down voted for telling the truth.
You are falling in love with the person they wished they were. The Internet is so good for that. Many people use slightly older pictures when they were a little bit hotter than they are today. Or they fudge their age just a little bit (either up or down). For Men who are not young, hot, height and weight proportionate, or any combination, it can be like a fantasy. Let me paint you a picture. Guy A: 28yrs old, 160lbs, 5' 11", athletic, fit, works out, has six pack Guy B: 45 yrs old, 330lbs, 6' 0", sedentary, thinning hair, obese So Guy B posts a picture of a Hot Guy who is 39. Someone who is fit, athletic, and toned/tanned. He engages in a fantasy that he really is that person. He is enormously attracted to Guy A, yet he can't actually meet because he isn't who he says he is. He is living a fantasy that he is someone else. The image, the person you are in love with doesn't really exist. Try to get him to change his tack and be real with you so you can see who they really are.
Many men have standards, pity their hearts and minds don't really go along. Our Primitive impulses, instinctual &amp; hormonal, seldom respond to higher brain guidance. My advice, go with the flow, it may be just what you need to become a better man. Only the future knows....
Grindr. It's really that simple. Explain you are seeking a new experience, that way more experienced men can lend a hand. (so to speak)
Be consistent. Neither ugly nor nice. Continue to state the obvious, "I am not interested". That doesn't make you a jerk, it makes you kind.
HAHAHA, No, "Gun Oil" pretty cute. Buy him the kind of lube you like and use it. :)
Oh! I get it, thanks!
Awesome!
Hey Bro, I do relate. Here is what I can offer. As Gay people, we sometimes have bad childhoods and can suffer tremendous negative emotions that many straight people just don't understand. For me, I felt as if recall of my childhood was like walking a minefield that could harm me at any moment. I felt counterfeit, I felt disconnected, I felt lots of negative emotions. What I learned from counseling was to face my fears. To become willing to endure the storm of emotions. To observe self care so that I meditated and read positive affirmations each day so that when negatives came at me I could stand fast and feel them and release them. Today I don't have to harm myself behind my emotions. For many years I used alcohol or food to try and manage my emotions. Today I allow them to exist without judging myself, without harming myself, knowing that a feeling isn't a fact and that they will pass by if I remain steadfast and connected to me.
Well, this is fucked up but here goes. I wore a really nice dress shirt and slacks with some nice Rockport shoes to work the other day. The shirt was a tall size and the slacks were just a hair big so I felt pretty good and snagged some attention. I went to the bathroom and was talking to this guy and didn't realize I wasn't all the way zipped up. I walked into a conference room and sat down at the table and it became apparent because the tail of the shirt was sticking out the top half of the zipper.....I had to lead the meeting after I tucked in and zipped up. $:
Bro, that's a lot. Let's take it one at a time: &gt;....very defensive about sexuality Ok. What do you have to prove? We aren't straight. We are all gay and we all suck cock and bottom or top. Focus on what they say about their sexuality. Remember that no one can make you feel inferior without your permission. Remember that you are an awesome gay dude and you have good sexuality. God made you gay to show the world that love has no limits. &gt;....very competitive about my sexual experience Why? I have had a three way, I have been topped by a black guy, does that make me better than you? Hell No. The key element is that you did what you did and it was special to you. Fucked a guy in a glass elevator? You go boy, still no different, deep throated a hung guy? Who cares - did you like it? That is what is important. I held hands and wrote his name all over my notebook, yep, just as gay. Chill, gay sexual behavior is unique to the Gay having it, hope he had fun. No winners, no losers, fucked a bro on Halloween that was hotter than Zac Effron and it still doesn't matter, did YOU dig it? &gt;....deeply insecure about being gay &amp; place in society Work on self acceptance. When you know that Gay People are equal then you will be equal. It really is that simple. Investigate how you feel about gay deep down, and face it, when you believe you have nothing to be ashamed of then you will cease to be ashamed. &gt;....deeply scarred by breakup At least you were in love! Better To have loved and lost than never to have loved at all. Treasure your pains, because you earned that shit. Maybe he hurt you, but you did have a relationship! Not a failure dude, a rite of passage. No one gets to Mr. Right without at least one Mr. I-got-dumped. &gt;....defenses are up when meet gay bros Ok, look. They can hurt you. But they can also be a understanding pal who tells you when you need to not date a drug user or not lend your car to your drunk boyfriend. They might be the one who tells you that they like you but don't wanna have sex because they have a boyfriend. Don't be afraid of gay people, their not any more scary than a churchlady. What are they gonna do? Suck you to death? Tell you that you are too fat or not cute enough? Phuck em! It ain't like they are all going to want to bed you. Some will, usually the ones you aren't particularly interested in. And the one guy you think is so hot you would die if he spoke to you might not know you exist. He will "be strong" too. Phuk em! Relax. They can't hurt ya. &gt;....confuse friendship with attraction Ah hell, we all do this when we get horny, keep beating off regularly and just try to be open with yourself about the guys you find attractive. Ask them for their number, be courteous and try to ask them out. One of them might go for it, and if they say no it hasn't cost you shit. &gt;....how do I present myself when meeting gay bros Be nice, be clean, and try not to talk too much. Let them steer, and just try to enjoy yourself. They might be nervous around you, you don't know unless you talk. Just chill, all is as it's supposed to be. Take care, hope this helps. Good Luck!
Do you at least put out?
Bullshit. If this is all true then for goodness sake at least kiss him or something. Don't be focused on the past, stay in the NOW.
Couldn't resist, sorry
It means to have sex.
Take your shirt off, leave your pants on, and have some fun. Gay clubs will get you face to face which is more fun.
I am friends with a couple of Gay doctors, one single, one married. It doesn't really matter to me as I am successful in my own field and pull six figures on my own. They do live in a much bigger house tho...LOL.
Hasn't made me sick. I don't think it makes anyone sick. Doctors have killed more people than eating out a boyfriend's starfish. JUS SAYIN
Send your number and say, call &amp; meet for coffee?
AWWWWWW.......I hope you get a proposal, that is so Sweet!!!
Dude, Really good post! Nice that you put yourself out there. Thanks!
Sometimes sexy times make the heart grow feelings. For me it always was a closer, but I was kinda emotional about getting naked and never really hooked up with like FWB or one night stands but like once or twice. Don't hold back, hang out with guys, make meet ups and dates, and if it goes there don't shy away, dick him down if it's right, but don't be afraid to let your feelings tell the story either, get me?
If you are going to use a razor you will probably get razor burn using a triple blade, use a single blade razor and take a long hot bath first. Put bath oil in the water and lotion your skin prior to cutting the hair. Easy does it, don't rush, take your time and moisturizer after.
Being kinky with a one night stand or hookup is a lot less threatening than a guy who you live with, try to talk, and be patient with yourself as you leve with him.
Some guys would get an ego boost out of it. It can change how the interactions between friends go. If he knows you think he is hot it may become a topic of conversation.
Hey Dad, sorry it's happening, but there are some resources to use. I am a father, I am 48, I have a son who is straib t and I am gay. I am married, my husband is also here. Look, the thing that needs to be addressed is how your boy is engaging in risky behavior. The motivation for it is not clear to you, but must be clear or it will keep happening. The sex with older men happened because he didn't get a normal outlet for expressing his sexuality with his peer group. The older men were more than willing, so he is spending time trying to feel his way at being gay. He needs to be taught to respect his body, and his sexuality. If he had been fooling around with another boy his age, you might be surprised, but there wouldn't be a power differential. These older men are treating him probably well, he is getting some needs met, sexuality and sex needs, but he isn't doing so appropriately. He has skipped holding hands and first kiss, and snuggling or dating and went straight to age disparate sex. They are probably giving him money, and he is probably afraid to level with you or anyone that he is in over his head. He isn't the first gay kid to trade sex for some intimacy or some money and feelings of power. They probably make him feel good, not just sex, but feel good from a self esteem point. If you put your mean face on and lay down a bunch of rules and freak out on him he may just jump ship and go to them for the safety and security and get his desires and needs met. You need to put this on and figure out how to take care of his needs and discuss with him How these people don't and can't be bothered to care for him. Explain why it's dangerous and just try to reach out for examples of appropriate relationships that will nurture him.
Hi Dads, So I am a dad to a straight kid. He lives with me and my husband and is currently 22 going on 13 due to Aspergers and video games. So why do you have reservations? Because you feel guilty about lying to your friends. Think this one through for a minute. You maintain a good environment, and do a good job of raising your son, and obviously this other family trusts you. So in the light of a new revelation of their "boyfriend"status, how do you maintain that trust while still being sensitive to their son's privacy. Well, here it is in a nutshell. Do not allow their son to be taken advantage of, do not allow open sex to be going on, do have a talk with your son about appropriate limits, and institute practices that will make it a little inconvenient for the boys to be out with you about their relationship while hiding it from their other set of parents. Don't let Ian know that you guys think it's cute and approve, even though "Awww", you need to keep some friendly distance. Ensure that your son and his boyfriend don't enjoy freedoms and privileges that the other set of parents would be offended by, or wouldn't allow. Discuss this with Kevin and tell him your rules for his behavior with a boyfriend. Being supportive during this time in their lives is a unique opportunity and wonderful gift. It doesn't excuse common sense rules and allowing a sense of propriety to be observed especially in public spaces. You absolutely cannot tell the parents because you shouldn't out Ian, that just isn't ok, no matter how well they treat you guys, behind closed doors it may be a different story for the boy. Pump the brakes, try to keep your son on an even keel and let Ian take care of himself. Keep your place from being the watchdog, ensure Kevin knows what is right and that he will be held accountable for treating his boyfriend respectfully. He can't expect you guys to lie for him, but not sharing the whole truth is acceptable. That is how I would handle it. BTW if you feel they must be told, meet with your son, and encourage him and Ian to tell them. It just isn't your place.
He gets to be himself and gets to control interactions with his family, as do you. Let him be in the drivers seat. If it is a deal breaker for you, then discuss how to reconcile marriage to a family you don't know. Establish some ground rules about your interaction and figure out if you can deal. When I and my husband married, my family was not involved at all. They do know him, but we seldom have any contact, I insulate him from their homophobia and also limit my interactions with them.
&gt;left hand..... NICE BRO
Dude, get over yourself. He didn't ask you to be exclusive, live together or get married. Those are commitments, this is a show. If you don't want to go, don't go, if you want to make the time to see him, it's a good possibility that you might just enjoy yourself..
I have an older brother who is straight and homophobic and racist. We haven't talked since 2005. I am also a twin, he is straight and I am gay. We are fraternal, which means we were like siblings born at the same time. We are not shared DNA, nor same eye color, hair color, or resemblance. He and I get along pretty good.
Just meet him and then decide, if he gives off a bad vibe then bounce, but for real an older guy will help you figure it all out.
You don't want to, you shouldn't, this is how life is, no opportune times, weird habits you normally would freak over, and way too busy for a new man. I always did what I always did and got what I always got until I went "off script". Dude, this is your life calling and saying let go of your script, let it happen and relax.
Interesting for gays who grave a lot, especially to the African and Europe areas mentioned.
Probably if I was single and he was cute.
Ok, secrets out....rock paper scissors.
I was having sex from a very young age, 12. So I knew they were pushing me to do stuff, and I thought eventually I would grow out of it. Parents sent me to be fixed, got married, and guess what, still gay.
Therapy. It is what can help you deal with you, and that is what is causing you pain, irrational fear.
My thoughts, IF you are really into a guy, AND you trust him to explore with you, THEN, Bottoming will be a wonderful experience. IF you aren't into him, and just trying to find out if you can do it or not, then you shouldn't...it can hurt, it can make it hard to do it again. It takes being turned on to bottom, when you are into a guy it makes it much easier.
Dodge Charger daily beast. Share a Chrysler 300 AWD Leather Sedan w/ Husband on weekends He drives a Chrysler Sebring Touring Convertible daily. We don't have a dream car. Just like to be able to afford transportation without drama.
You can become "suddenly Religious" You can suddenly "acquire an STD" You can be "hurt down there" Or Suffer from "Sexual Addiction" There are lots of ways to let them down easy...just claim you are unable due to God, Injury, Infection, Abstinence, or "took some drugs and it won't get hard" ....you will think of something.
