Only 12 hours for all 5 episodes? Im pretty sure you missed a lot.
I dont feel like playing around with my drivers.. i did that earlier and everything fucked up.
Far Cry 3 was awesome. Far Cry 4 sucked.
Whats the secret?
Theres a tiny dick under the "y u no" alyssa meme in ep 4.
When i drove to work the next day, we had a heavy rain and some lightnings in the distance. "The Sense Of Me" playing on my cars radio wasnt a coincidence. This was so fucking strange.
But why nightmare.. she loves hawt dog man!
Its not like shes getting buried next to williams grave, and that her name is on the tombstone...
LIS is winning so many prizes, its fantastic.
Nathan is the kind of character you dislike in the beginning and start to like near the end.
I agree ^
The art gallery one was nice, everyone seems to forget about it. But overall im for the rachel outfit.
Argh thats not THE kiss you filthy vortex member.
Does anyone know why the console version is slightly more expensive than the PC copy?
First, german amazon said they deliver mine on 22nd, then got delayed to 26th, now to the 2nd of february. Whyyyyy :c
I did not expect that. Hella awesome!
Definitely not overrated. LIS just kicks every games ass in storytelling, and im not fanboying right now, ive played many other games and not a single one was as good as LIS. LIS was a game i could instantly feel myself into the character(s). The only other game that allowed me to do that was Far Cry 3. Plus its the first one that actually made me cry.
Black Ops 3 in so many categories? I cant take that site serious anymore.
I hella agree with you. I got hooked immediatly when i started this game, max's situation was so similar to mine in school.
Sounds a bit similar in some parts, but its still two different songs by different people.
Yep, i love the innocence and happy theme during ep 1 and 2, before we get into the deep lands of feeladelphia.
Mine has been delayed to 2nd of february... :c
Apple problems...
Turns out the release date for germany is the 29th january now. My previous deliveries were sheduled for 22nd, then 26th and now 2nd :(
Nah, LIS takes place in 2013. We didnt even know this game would exist back then.
No, not talking about her diary. Just the actual book you find ingame, its bigger than the one we'll be getting.
http://www.davidcsimon.com/LiS/ You might find something you like there.
I'd love to play nathan, lol.
Hes an interesting character and i'd like to know more about him. Warren is just a typical school loser tbh.
How about like... posting the working link?
Definitely the first one. I didnt like the second one in the game.. :c
You cant have a free cam nor a no-clip max to get your camera where you want it to be. What does "Talk" do?
Can you actually turn off ghost again so you can freely walk around? Youre forever a ghost if you use it as a keybind.
Amazon says its the 29th for some reason.
Erscheinungsdatum: 29. Januar 2016 Zustellung: Di., 2. Febr. What is this sorcery. Amazon even mailed me that the release was delayed.
That would be sooo mean. I bet you'd even PM me some pictures just to tease me.
32 if i recall correctly.
They said that on twitter sometime ago, its an option directly in the main menu. Most likely a video.
its a regular black/blue beanie, you can buy them anywhere.
The 1-hour long dev commentary and some minor changes like a different text from frank or a new position for the eggs.
I actually rendered myself a screensaver using all menu variants. :)
[Yes, i do](http://www2.pic-upload.de/img/29513717/lisv.png) I removed the credits text, so i get a blank screen when clicking on "Credits", i then recorded it and rendered it. :P
With my super slow internet and ~2GB for each one? Sorry, no. :D
I dont think so, its all rendered ingame and all the different visuals may loop at different times.
David wasnt even there as far as i know. Especially because you can get him suspended.
I agree.
21:9 will just break all the cutscenes, because you see stuff you shouldnt see.
Yes! I'd love to see more stuff similar to "Storm", "Sail Away", "Price" or "Forever"! :D
Thats quite kooL.
Max is made out of pure wife material! :D
Its crap.
Your best bet is probably the square enix store.
Some people experienced bugs with the first episode, sometimes in the second, where some sentences were cut off or not spoken at all. But those have been in the game since forever.
Well then... aim a little lower and shoot at the rolling guy?
Yet another no-skill C4 kill (:
I once rambo'd through the door at archives on bank and killed the 4 remaining guys.. i felt like a total badass.
You should definitely check out [Koethe](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_YH1XwKYHHzRKMjiTg0Sow)s amazing work. Most of his songs are LIS-Inspired. :)
But it doesnt even come with a helicopter.
I hope not. After border I certainly dont want such super small maps anymore.
Its always funny when I see people run into the lights on the airfield.. :)
Well, I have a 4.37 KD with Blackbeard, and about ~1.5 with all others. Doesn't this say much already?
Oh my god. The buttcrack guy reference.. i died.
No, there is no confirmation other than some devs planning/wanting to do it. And I highly believe they're going to do it. There's no way DONTNOD and Square Enix are going to say NO to a Life Is 2 Strange. But don't expect anything before 2018. Their new game 'Vampyr' is set for 2017.
I actually loved the graphics.
Now I know why I always get killed when I try to hide in the closet on consulate...
They dont look similar at all.
"Life is... weird."
No, me and some friends filled up a large warehouse in one session and we didn't get a single rare item.
Whoa, almost looks like when you're looking out of a window.
Nope, the 1 out of every 10 runs is wrong. I've did a full large warehouse in one session with two friends and I did not get a single special item. You can have multiple special items in one warehouse.
Bought one, saw that it has no customization at all and the spare tires dont match with the actual tires, sold it again.
No, the "after every 10 successful buy mission" is a lie. I've had about 200 successful buy missions and a win rate of 100%, means I've never failed any of them, yet only got one item.
Uh... what makes you think I'd use "ugly ricer wheels"? I'd use offroad tires of course. I customize my vehicles with taste and not because "this item is the most expensive one, MUST USE IT!". I chose unique colors that fit the car, and not the most flashy ones.
Good thing i keep my cars tasteful instead! :D
06-11-16? Holy shit is it november already? ;D
I did not expect that. Thanks for making my morning less shitty. :D
I hella agree. This community rocks, although its getting less and less active members.. :(
1. Because Ubisoft. They make games for money, not for the players. 2. Because low playerbase. You dont want to wait 30 minutes to get opposition in your range.
It's a girl though. :)
The amount of topics, theories, reactions and discussions between every episode was amazing. So much fan art too! Shame you missed it, it certainly was one out of many things that made me love LIS.
Theres a little bit of change though, the guys working on vampyr arent the same as those who worked on life is strange.
They do if you pay attention to it. But the main side which allows for easy access is blocked and needs one of these super thin plate staplers. Theres a hand truck and a pallet on it in the large warehouse, that one looks the way it should.
But arcadius is actually the third best, its the cheapest after the maze bank west.
Yup, was like "shit, shouldve bought that sweet beach view office across the corner" and noticed its the second most expensive one.
Actually, its not. Especially with this cheat engine tool some guy made, its tricky to get into but once you know the keys its very easy. I've made an album of my favourite shots. http://imgur.com/a/jGdth :)
And you customize them all like a toddler with a bunch of coloring pens... :(
Oh, well then.. rockstar sucks at customizing stuff? :D
Honestly, it ain't worth it. The only use I found for them is Piracy Prevention VIP/CEO work and that you can get a helicopter when you load into online. But with the offices, you can simply call any of your pegasus helis now.. :P
This has been mentioned a few times. :)
One can only hope for a blackbeard nerf.
I think only epoch/overpoch is left. Origins should have some players left too.
It's E when you have the on-screen prompt. If you sit down, you have to press Enter to access the computer, this will automaticly turn you into a CEO. Interaction menu (M) when the prompt is gone and you're not close to your computer.
Might aswell add the homing launcher, insurgent and armored kuruma to that list...
That usually sends my car to simeons dock...
Um.. i guess your character is drunk too, the way she holds that AUG...
No, sledge has one on his sledgehammer and all defenders have one when pulling down barricades.
15€ for me. I love the after-release prices of limited items.. :D
Why not? Just fill it up when you feel like it and make the most profit when you've finally got it full.
Deep inside I wish DONTNOD would have chosen bae as cannon, so they could create season 2 with max and chloe... :(
What's so special about them? These are everywhere, at least in my country.
