Incorrect. The simple answer is actually make a faraway cage. That means you put a car battery inside the cage and power leds from that. The most simple constant current source from a $2 linear IC has ability to dim using the feedback/reference voltage. If you use switching IC / LED driver chip you may get "noise"but way above perceptible frequencies
Subletting involves a signed document. Paying rent involves a check or getting a receipt if you ever have reason to pay with cash. Your story doesn't make any sense, but you should file a small claims after you report fraud to police.
Incorrect. They are supposed to be separate systems, but no one really maintains the manhole gaskets. When it rains hard and fills up the storm drains, water in intersections will go down into the sewer culverts. This will then flood basements with sewer rain water. It also means the entire sewer pipe can be flooded to the brim with water. Though likely the treatment plants let 90 percent of the water through and anything that can swim can avoid the removal of top floating stuff and the sediment which go into different collection tanks/ponds.
I agree. Something like this should never be drawn without 4th body terminal. But I'm confused at op. Clearly kn is kp and all the same for these ideal transistors. Why would he be confused. If id1 =id2 then vgs1 =vgs2....
Honestly, she endangered her community. She didn't even take his keys or call a cab. If he killed a family driving home from theater, I doubt she would be charged with accesory or negligent homicide.
First of all mF... You will need large capacitance to "see" led fade with power off over seconds. Obviously you can put cap across led and when powered the current will mostly go into cap and voltage will rise dV/dt will indicate how fast led gets brighter or dimmer. However the pwm will try and put an average voltage on cap, which may not show up well on led brightness because of exponential nature. It is easier to make pwm show different brightness levels with on/off duty cycle. You might end up trying to show brightness by analog voltage which is exponential. This depends on pin current drive, the RC, and how fast you switch the pwm, relative to how large the cap is.
The best solution here seems to be two wires, each with a two terminals and a lead wire crimped on that plug into each bee board. I see no advantage to making a pcb cross over when you can just make wires in an X. Also consider kapton tape and copper foil instead of a pcb.
No this was two years ago. She was republican judge for 13 yrs then switched to democrat for one year. Judges only punishment was banned from being a judge in Texas. But why the fuck you can do this and still practice law.... 'merica The judge immediately ran for a D.A. position. The asst D.A. Involved in this txting during trial incident is now a judge I believe in the vacated seat. The ADA who was doing as much as the judge only got a $650 fine.
Reed switch as input to a 555 trigger. You could have two reed switches at different radius to handle two magnets and make a more complicated latching
Cut all contact. Work on being best you, you can be. When she sees you've moved on and dating and like yourself and aren't clingy, maybe, maybe she will see you in different light. She is moving on, but hedging her bets until she has better thing, and gets everything from you like support, etc. Imagine you had a roommate that decided they weren't sure they still wanted to live with you. They aren't paying rent anymore and moved out, but still want to sleep in their old bed occasionally and eat from your fridge.
Table 15 it's more clear. Also you are limited to 25mA sink, 10mA source, so you need to consider pwm drew and driver gate capacitance.
Might want gnd / vcc pins next to each other maybe in middle /mid left edge. I might consider the gnd as a C shape on one side and Vcc as E shape on opposite side. Either way, make vcc much much thicker. Might need capacitor on vcc. Might need diodes depending on motors. You sure you don't need larger resistors, like 1/2 watt?
They have years of working with semiconductor fabs though.
Wtf are you talking about. Except maybe apt complex, every house in US has 240Vac transformer on a pole servicing a few houses. It sends 120Vac and 120Vac 180outofphase. (Your circuit breaker has half the breakers on one 120 and half on the other) If you wired your outlets with 240V outlets, you could have 240V kettles. In fact your oven range probably is 240V, just like electric dryer. Now kitchen outlets near water require GFCI so I'm not sure if they can make that, but near your stove you could. Also you can get 2kW on a circuit if you wanted to have upgraded wiring maybe a 30A 120V outlet.
He is asking about 3kW. This is already in people's homes, and for electric car chargers you just need visit from an electrician. If too many homes started down tesla route, they might need to upgrade pole transformers or install those rack battery storage things for off peak load distribution.
Cheapest is find old thermostat with mercury switch and make your own with bi metallic coil. Or just get a freeze thermostat which open circuit or close circuit when basically a relay from bi metallic pops at certain temp.
Nope. Dawn. If you want, go to any walmart and they sell small bags of oildri for $4 Also note that gasoline is bad, but oil is what asphalt is made of so just sop up excess, wait until summer
One, your best bet is analog/MS FPGA and you could use ADC for input, software to compute the desird analog output (opamp function, RC, etc) and use a DAC to output desired analog signal... Simulating the RC opamp etc.. Also read papers on software programmable hardware. Look at projects like LittleBits.
Just so you know EE and other disciplines have projected 0 percent growth in next decade.
Not months. At mach 4.2 only a few days.
2 yr old story. Judge resigned voluntarily to avoid any sanctions. She then ran for Dist Atty office. The other party in this was the asst DA who was receiving txt and telling prosecutors what to ask, mid trial. That ADA is now a judge in maybe the same court where the first judge resigned.
Did you check oil level? When was grinding noise?
Can you solder a lug to pcb copper? I doubt it would handle wires moving. I'm not sure how you solder a large lug without melting polycarb.
You are the same dick pilot who was partying with co pilot downtown all night. All of the passengers and FA left an hour early to deal with the snow which was reported on coming for last day on the news. But, no, you the asshole pilot didn't go to the hotel shuttle until the normal time and everyone at the airport sat waiting because two assholes partied all night and didn't bother leaving early. The FA told us how they left and got there on time. But we waited and watched you walk on to the plane an hour after scheduled take off time. No planes were delayed taking off that day, but we were all two hours late because of two selfish assholes. But after all the passengers spent the night in that next airport the airline declared it weather related, but in fact it just two pilots not getting on a shuttle until 20 mins before scheduled.
You don't have enough time. Even at 1s per entry, if you took over 1000 gas stations 24/7, you can get 200 million entries in time. Another reason they expanded the number pool. This last starting they only sold 75 percent of combinations
If you search around there are lots of post for nfc led toys. What you have to understand is with just a loop, the nfc field is looking for a device (chip) to respond. Otherwise you are getting a 2 Hz or something strobing AC signal. Why the led works is the nfc field generates like say 5Vac (really more like 10mA of AC current). The diode lights up because it is one way path for the current. What the nfc chip does is rectify the nfc voltage to a DC voltage which goes to led, cap, and current limiting resistor. Probably some diodes used as well. You might be able to place a second led in reverse to reduce some flicker, but really you need some diode bridge and capacitor and resistor to limit diode current.
Bullshit, the admins of jtv could do something about it. They have the ips. They could notice the same 100 IP coming into chat at the exact same moment over and over again. I wouldn't be surprised if they are all same ipv4 or maybe all ipv6. The admins love it. It increase value of their site and increases ad revenue, and tricks morons into paying to subscribe to these fakers. So admins won't reduce bots ever. People like you don't want to rock the boat since you are making money from all of this. I wouldn't be surprised if the bot sellers are admins at twitch, or maybe they are internal to their own servers.
Lol, see you are wrong and a liar paid by tmo to spread lies. Read eff article
Would it be hard to scrape hbo go listings? They don't have a huge number of movies.
Two things. Would it be possible to also scrape dvd release date, or Netflix recently added, and add that category. Also, if you look around on reddit there were recent posts about netflix hidden subcategories, which seem super easy to add and would be huge advantage over Netflix interface.
Charge one to 0.5V and use clamp current meter and longer wire to start or with
It's because there is a Google+ entry for GetLaidFlowers.com with a phone number and that address. There has been a website existing for 4 yrs if you check archive.org
FFS, it can be soldered. They have shrink wrap, he'll they sell liquid electrical tape which is like painting on rubber, probably better than new. You need to get mouse traps in your car now with peanuts on the sticky pads, who knows what else they chewed.check your cabin air filter also usually inside your glove box.
You are clueless. There is zero safe way to allow anonymous voting on the internet. If you want to do away with people knowing how you voted and introducing vote buying / voter intimidation like by employers, then go ahead. The only way to have safe voting is in person, counted at the polls, with public observers.
Only fill to 3/4 full. Tightly seal cap. If you still get code you may need new cap, evap canister, blocked vent line. You can read code yourself at car parts store instead of this wondering game
Brah, the batteries provide the HHO gas, but once the gas generator is started, you hook it up to that induction motor and it not only recharges the batteries, but provides 50A at 14VDC to generate more HHO, and also powers the grid at 5000W and runs a 600W humidifier... I don't understand why a humidifier... Hell, just buying distilled water to run this thing would be a cost savings over diesel... Why does this idiot even think any of this is even close to possible?
100 percent no it is not dangerous. Unless it gets wadded up and you jam connector in there. usually you need a new usb cable and you will further wear out that fragile charging connector which you are screwed when that breaks. Too much pressure or bending might cause problems. Almost all the time a new cable will fix things, I recommend one with led in it to tell you if current is flowing from the $5 store
This idiot spams videos to their subreddit /r/justkiddingfilms
Paging /u/TheRittyl these guys are astronomically stupid. What kind of college could you graduated from and have less knowledge than a six year old playing with blocks.
Is there junk yard or picknpull pullapart place nearby? First check the fuses for headlights. Next find the relays for high beam and headlights and swap them and see if anything changes. The problem is likely in the multi function switch (stick with knobs screwed into the steering wheel column), you can pull replacement at junk yard
The battery light really just means the alternator isn't charging. As you confirmed, at idle the voltage is below 13.5V which means the battery is powering most of the car. It's unlikely the battery is bad with a battery tender, assuming it isn't AGM and damaged because float charge voltage is different for agm compared to flooded cell. Obviously have battery tested because a bad battery could have killed the alternator, but obviously in addition your alternator belt is slipping, or your alternator / voltage regulator is bad, or your car has some sort of load detection circuit. Also a mouse might have chewed on a wire, like a field voltage wire to the alternator. Note: you should check voltage with battery tender on it. That would be the float charge voltage (hopefully your battery tender supports this). With the battery tender removed a fully charged battery is 12.6V depending on the temperature outside. Idle should be above 13V (13.5?) At a minimum and increase with rpm up to 14.5V (Odds are your voltage regulator is shot, or maybe replace whole alternator if warranteed)
Max voltage, is in fact maximum rated voltage. You should find a datasheet to answer questions about operating gating voltages etc. Galco.com has datasheet and app notes if it is same product
I posted website you can find datasheets on.
Turn down the heat setting. Don't run the fan on high when heater is on. Make sure heater is only thing plugged into that circuit. Plug it into one of those timers, so it cycles on and off every 10 mins
12v is too low. Maybe your meter doesn't work, but Google battery university float charge
You "cook" for a living and needed help on this question?? FFS.. Are you serious? And you threw it out?
Doesn't matter about her. If you see her say "hey I remember you, weren't you that girl from xxxx" Or just talk like she is a friend from high school. Stop worrying about what to say. It's not a big deal.
The system runs open loop when starting. It is probably running open loop always now with that code. Did you clear the code? If it returns it is 100 percent telling you one o2 sensor is not getting above 0.1V You can read data on most obd2 sensors, hell get a $5 Bluetooth elm327 one and run a phone app. Confirm you have bad o2, replace, then deal with hard starting. It might also be running lean (detected lean?) Due to fuel issue which the o2 sensor is correctly reading.
Also did you mean starter fuse, starting solenoid?, ignition coil?
Did you try the output \n Maybe a=6 b=5 c="3 4"
Quit spamming your lies. Pharma represents almost 10 percent of their money. Not 0.07
That thing has been through a fire. Anyways if your state has libraries, you can very often find chiltons etc and look out all up to your hearts content
Civilians don't have qualified immunity. Civilians face a trial when they shoot unarmed teenagers dead. Civilians don't have municipalities pay millions of dollars in settlements because of their negligence and still keep their jobs.
What really matters is mileage and if fluid were changed on time. Not just oil, but brake fluid, coolant etc. Someone with records and log or receipt will probably be more reliable car.
Nope, ask the seller of the have these things. Toyota will have records of dealership work by vin after you prove you are new owner.
Yeah, if the support is overhead of the hole, either bolt into hole with proper thread through chain, or wrap chain around and bolt it closed. Bolts over 10mm can handle thousands of lbs shear, much more than a static load of under 1000lbs.
Buy me this expensive thing!! I'm totally not qualified in any way but on 10 years people will be wearing them.
Fuck dude, you might as well post on seddit with this "course" and "free program". I LEARNED HOW TO INSTANTLY CONNECT TO PEOPLE, YOU CAN TOO! BUY MY PROGRAM ON UBEPOPULAR2.COM
It's spam, what do expect.
Trump is a democrat though.
It's not the same. For one thing heating a resistor is pretty efficient. You put wattage into heater and it gets hot, very little waste. You just need a fan, even the fan generates heat, but that is ok. Cooling is horribly inefficient. You almost have to make equal or more amount of heat (which is wasted wattage), then blow cooler air around. Compare a micro fridge same size as an oven
Ok, but then you consider that burning natural gas is currently way cheaper than electricity or heat pumps
I'm guessing you have autism. Not sure what big deal is with your desire for drama and posting what a weirdo you are
If the gauge is hot, you need to always turn heat on high. Does gauge go down? Is the vents blowing hot air? The heater core operates as good as a radiator. If you didn't do this, you can't tell if there was air, coolant not pumped, thermostat sticking, faulty temp gauge.
Clk node is floating need pull down. Outputs cannot be hooked to voltage source, that is like infinite current. You need to tie it to a load or just inverter or just probe the voltage. For reasonable simulation you want capacitance and resistance of next gates or whatever, led, etc.
I know a consultant to call, but his rates recently doubled or tripled.
No, you are putting horrible looking tile all over just because it"originally" sold for a lot, but obviously no one wants it so it sells for next to nothing. I also hate you put only two identical tools next to each other in your living room. Maybe the next owner with carpet over everything.
His toilet is in the living room? I only commented on the kitchen shit tile, the tile as door trim and shit faux carpet tile
Everything except their torque wrenches. Best $5 if you get then on sale. You won't find better for what it does
Interview yourself moron.
The 1/2" it's only rated to 150ftlb, so yeah I would suspect it might not like that regularly with spring fully compressed, but other than that they are better than anything for price and accurate. I will also point out that even at $80 for 4 of them without coupon or sales, you probably saving money.
I'm pretty sure it would be cheaper to have everyone put on a parachute and jump out.
I think the gimmick here is like the 0 calorie food. It is 950mW led with probably a usb 5V wall wart. But since it is 0.9 W let's call it zero and "barely measurable power"
I can't believe how much of his nonsense responses I read. From what I can tell he is making subsets, let's say white balls and black balls. 1 to 69 is assigned to a subset ("weight") If you choose white, then I give you 150 million combinations to choose from. I improved your chances of winning by removing half the combinations. The caveat is you have to choose white and the winning numbers have to also be white. So instead he is assigning each number to its weight of previously being drawn. So if ten numbers appeared 5 times in last drawings and one number appeared 6 times, then if you pick the weight 5 5 5 5 6 or however he does it maybe we call this "26" weight. Instead of 290 million combinations, we now have 1\*10\*9\*8\*7 to list. Of course it is moronic because overall odds are the same
Omg this pisses me off more than most shittykickstarts. This is the same as "I grouped the possible lotto combinations into 10 lists, you pick a list from 1 to 10 and I will give you 29 million possible plays. See, instead of playing 290 million numbers, you have 1/10 as many to choose from" It is moronic, because you start with a 1/10 chance of picking the list which contains the eventual winning numbers.
Search YouTube for Rise Robotics. This product seems to be they had this linear drive thingy with pulleys and were looking for an application.
Yeah, you should have wrist strap or at least touch large chunk of metal before dealing with IC or board connections. The esd event can blow up drivers on the chip and maybe just the pfet is blown up and acts like a resistor so output is no longer cmos. Depends on what chips etc. The same chip shouldn't be working correctly the next day, generally they don't heal themselves.
You might be the worst driver in this thread
I suppose it would have taken you 60 ft to react, but the min radius for that road would be at least 500 ft. If there was a clearing I'm assuming on the inside of curve where the blinding sun was coming from you would have had a clear view even from shaded runup. I'm assuming the sidewalk was on inside radius because you mention other side had concrete divider. Anyways I suppose it could have been a deer or cyclist. Sorry about your luck. It's generally safer to stay in lane if you can't swerve into ditch on right.
Because any man in Olympics is thrown out if they inject steroids. Every trans man in Olympics have to inject steroids to whatever level they want to. They can double or triple normal human male levels, the only thing that can even remotely make ur not cheating is testing at some reasonable interval.
That's a bold face lie. All the world records in sports except maybe some distance swimming, are held by people with penis. A penis 100 percent correlates to athletic skill
Yes, almost all Olympic records are held by people with penis size greater than 1" Every single one, so your penis has to be that big to win gold medal
No caitlyn didn't win an medals.check the record books. She didn't do anything so far but pose for magazines
No, but if you don't have a penis you didn't set a world athletic record. The fact is just being average make high school athlete puts you as competive as the best woman in the world. Look at serena Williams vs. Pro men challenge.
What the living fuck are you on about. Bruce Jenner was a man, competed in Olympics as a man. If he wants to now live as a woman, that's fine. She wasn't "seen as a man" back then. Like wtf.
What are you saying? There is almost no sports where women compete on the same level. Not horse jockey, not archery or shooting. I believe longer distance swimming, maybe because of differences in body fat. But not marathons, not professional gamers, chess? Nope. Tennis, nope. Competitive eating? I'm not even sure about figure skating based on difficulty of jumps and spins. So you tell me which olympic event, sport that are women sports, where they excel. (Graduate college enrollment an event?)
Do you know what the Russian coaches did to women for the Olympics? So yeah, if they well force hormones on women to win medals, why not men?
It's not complicated. You compete by biological sex. Nothing complicated. Any woman or transmen can compete in any make event in Olympics if they could come close to qualifying
almost all blower motors, the fan speed control connects blower to 12V when on high fan speed. You need check to see if you have cabin air filter behind glove box. Also see if you can spin the blower cage by hand. Check for 12V at fan on high speed.
Yes. Unless they invented a new advancement in battery tech. Average Lithium Ion is 100Wh/kg you take the product weight is 0.19kg with all the plastic etc, that is maximum possible for a battery that weight as (19Wh/5V) 3900mAh, now maybe they are including a solar cell, but that is way less output.
It's not, I just read it. Your link is bad
Illegal anti trust behavior where he colluded with top companies in field of Apple, Google etc. to prevent employees to earn higher salaries or find work at competitors. Was found guilty in court to tune of hundreds of millions of dollars.
Anyways, not a NYPA request, just a comment on how people that made the online world like Swartz etc mean nothing in internet consciousness
Google AN10441 Or arduino level shift 24V Not sure if your device can sink enough current, and ideally you are using opto isolators
One reporter at SFbay followed up with police. They confirmed his account. Ian was yelling in the street and police arrested him. (Some time after 1130pm sat) They claim when they put him in the squad car, he started "beating his head" on the bars inside the cruiser. Of course no one will ever know if the injuries where self inflicted. The police they dragged him out of the cruiser and tried to subdue him. Clearly we won't know what that means. But, he was then taken to the hospital. We know after he got out of the hospital, he returned home where police came a second time (240am Sunday) where he was banging on doors and yelling. He was arrested a second time where they claim he violently resisted. He was kept in jail at least overnight. They never 5150 him. He returned home and did the tweeting thing and committed suicide where police returned a third time to find his body Monday.
I'm sure the police will release body cam or cruiser audio where it shows the "self inflicted" injuries. Or how Ian was "violent" with police /s They only facts we know are: - he was put in cruiser - injured bad enough to be taken to hospital - violently arrested three hours later - taken overnight to jail - he tweeted then ~~killed himself~~ died the next day What we will never know: - was he drunk or mental break. - injuries self inflicted or by cop. - did they consider 5150 - exactly how violent were the cops, was it justified
Someone posted over on linux so guess my prodding is done
Google news, sort by date. The only actual source I believe is Jan 1 SFbay article. I believe the rest are quoting that. See also Wikipedia I'm curious about coroner report if SF requires autopsy on suicide and if family has to release it. Clearly no one cares enough to ask for cruiser audio or if there are body cams. I'm sure the family won't release hospital records from that night. It sounds like combination of mental illness and alcohol if police are to be believed.
The official police statement to SFbay reporter was he was violently arrested and subdued twice. Now you might argue he deserved it or it was justified, but both accounts from twitter and police paint the same picture.
Nothing was racist. Using a word in context of being beaten by police is the point, haven't you ever heard the expression "we are all n-words now" because black people have understood the police dynamic for a long time now.
