Or Phil forgot to set aside some time for band rehearsals despite accepting the $50million...., certainly Trey should not be faulted, he did far more than should be expected and took his part quite seriously.
Hopefully people will start buying from their local butchers. I am quite sure ( as sure as a vegetarian of 25 years can be ) that your local butcher will not only give you the country of origin he will give you directions to the farm where the cow lived a happy life, and it may just be within a 20 minute bike ride of your house.
Woodstock. Festival Express. Both have some great proshot videos. Both have out takes as well of the band enjoying others music-hanging out, as well as previously unreleased video.
There is a small portion of them doing Monterey Pop but their performance has never been officially released due to legal dealios.
The Human Be In. Death Of The Haight Funeral. Few other videos from 68 as well. I have all of the above but in storage, I know Im missing a bunch. Justin Krutzman compiled a bunch for a video montage, great quality.
Grateful Dead Turn On Your Love Light - Woodstock 40 minute pro shot https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tUeHBtAMifo
Sun Stones. They are a yellowish crystal-mineral stone that glows if held up to the sun. They can be found on a few beaches around town. Ive never seen them off of the island.
I am in the exact same boat. 297 light, never raided. Ill add my details when I get home.
Love it! I havent played DnD seriously in 30 years but man that is the kind of thing I used to dream of, deluxe for us was drafting graph paper that was ruled to to the mm.
1976 JGB is some of my fave music in the world. So damn mellow, beautiful and THAT WHITE TB GUITAR. That guitar tone is just so damn unique and yet quintessential Jerry. They could release the entire year ( if they had them ) and I would be in heaven.
Do you DL Flacs ? If so I can link a ton.
http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=575049 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=570156 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=568483 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=560433 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=546082 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=545856 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=534099 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=533529 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=519687 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=519687 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=513940 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=513842 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=513752 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=512150
Hit him up for some tickets next time hes in your town!
I can happily help, really not any different once you are set up. Do you use Mac or PC ? Do you have a torrent client ( a program that Downloads the torrents you click ) ?
Ok, PC is easiest of the two. So the first thing you need to do is right click desktop make a new folder call it Music say. Next DL qbittorrent ( link below ). Install program, click the DL link on any of the torrents I linked, in a moment your qbittorent will open and ask where to dl it to ? Click the window, hit desktop, and your new music folder, ok. Thats it. Qbittorent will run all your download torrents including movies, music, comics, books etc etc. It is lightweight ( will not use up any memory ) and does not track you with cookies etc. qbittorent is very easy to use and completely intuitive, it does not " play " your files, it is just used for downloading. http://www.qbittorrent.org
If you want a great free audiophile program to play your flacs without converting them try Aimp3. It makes most other players sound and look as bad as they actually are. It also plays 24bit, flac, sacd, dvda etc. etc. http://www.aimp2.us/aimp3-download.php
GDT is the most over fluffed under delivering film maker I can think of. Pacific Rim was beyond horrible, ive never witnessed worse dialogue and acting in a movie theatre in my life. I still have not made it through Crimson Peak, its painfully written and horribly acted despite having maybe the best cast of any movie this year. It takes an incredible amount of work to make the cast of crimson peak act as terribly as they did.
I just puked in my mouth.
Mountains Of Madness.
Completely agree, I had not seen a movie that bad since Yor Hunter From The Future and that was 30 years.
If you are homeless or dress homeless you will be left to drink in peace.
I was 16 mid 80s. A group of friends and I had a friend whos parents went away every weekend to their cottage. We had weekly psychedelic experimentation. These sessions started off with a movie being the focus; Altered States, 2001, Cronenberg movies, Ralph Bashki films, blacksploitation films, animated movies like Secret Of Nihm etc. One night it was Pink Floyds The Wall, and the power of the music combined with the substances and visuals eventually our nights became highly planned and focused music appreciation sessions. We started off with Pink Floyd and that slowly expanded to The Grateful Dead. Then we got copies of The GD Movie, RCMH ( Dead Ahead ), So Far etc.
Great post, still the most legendary cockblock of all time!
I disagree somewhat. Not the show, obviously some of the most incredible moments, and that show has brought me to some very special places ( talking to you Christmas Eve 1993 ). Its the sound quality, its just not exactly perfect. If you listen to it side by side with many bootlegs or any other official release from that period you will find the soundscape to be particularly shallow. If you listen on some good headphones side by side with the Charlie Miller remaster of the show ( bonus you get to hear the entire show ) you may hear what I am talking about. https://archive.org/details/gd1973-12-19.sbd.miller.97361.sbeok.flac16
edit- There is another version where Charlie patched in the Phil bass solo that Phil famously forced Dick to cut. I need to dig in my HD to find it.
Put on some headphones and CRANK this Here Comes Sunshine. You will not be the same ever again. https://archive.org/details/gd1973-12-19.sbd.miller.97361.sbeok.flac16
I think Phil thought it was a bit self indulgent, but the backlash from the fans that got back to Phil taught him a lesson that the band were a bit too close to the music and that they should take a step back and let the fans have it how it was played.
CBC and CFUV are all I listen to radio wise. Thankful to have these two in an otherwise desolate and hopeless Victoria radio landscape.
streaming is lossy. you would have to dl the show from btetree for the actual comparison.
That was not a fun half of football. Seahawks look flat and uninspired. I expect a diffent Seahawks second half.
We sure did not win that game, The Vikings lost it. So glad we have another opportunity to play again with this group, because this game would be a terribly lack lustre way to end the season.
Only a complete loser headcase would think this win would be something to gloat about.
You dont think 10 points can beat The Panthers ? /s Ya, we need team brainstorming starting right this moment.
When I was 17 I camped out over night to buy tickers to his Glass Spider Tour in 1987 at CNE Stadium Toronto. Despite all the changes I went through in my musical tastes in my life Bowie never left my music collection.
You can not buy meth and crack 24-7 out in Prospect Lake, lets be reasonable.
Try to buy a 10kilo bag of rice, a 10 kilo bag of lentils, a 15 kilo bag of flour and a 10lbs bag of dried beans. Keep those in the pantry for the next 3 months and add them to dishes. We eat a lot of mexican, and I make my own pizza doughs 1-2 times a week ( and scones, banana bread, muffins etc ). Seems to save us a lot of money. # not saying you are wrong, I was back east in Ontario for a month and groceries were %25 less expensive, my guess is wayyyyy more competition is the reason, I have brought this up numerous times here in other threads, but for some reason any talk of more grocery stores coming to Victoria gets people upset and + downvotes.
Its mushy and tasteless, but it is not horrible.
Rebar - Almond Burger is incredible and very filling. Fantastic toppings. No fries though. You can have it with a side chop salad that is one of the best salads in the city though. Ferris Oyster Bar - Their veggie burger is very unique, it is basically 50% sunflower seeds, sounds weird but its good and unlike most veggie burgers it is crispy. The downside is it is kind of greasy and so are the fries but thats ok once in a while. Pink Bicycle - have two, a bean one which was very mushy, and a chick pea one which has a great consistency but a strong taste, cumin maybe ? The buns, toppings and fries are great though.
I did not hate Bin4s version, it was ok, I tried it twice caveat to go, i bet they are better fresh. Costcos is just their version of Moneys Garden Burger, the original is much better IMO, they don't have much taste but at least they are not fake meat which I find gross.
Its a fake meat type burger, TBH that is not my fave type of burger, so I am a bit biased.
Try Rebar, ive got quite a few carnivores hooked on this one.
Dead Beats is a food truck, they do a cashew burger that was pretty good, not sure if they run in the winter, but they are everywhere in the summer, and they have good fries as well. Its a bit small and expensive relative to some.
Looking forward to trying this, thanks!
Will be trying this, thanks! Have never eaten in Logans I dont think, seen some good shows there though.
Where at Uvic ? I heard at one point there was a veggie restraunt there, we drove up and nobody had heard of it?
Dude, you HAVE TO try it!
Moneys come in 6 packs, can get them at Lifestyles. They also have a veggie breaded cutlet at Lifestyles that i like even better, put that on a bun with toppings and homemade fries.
Thanks!
Is it open on Saturdays?
Thanks
Thanks!
Laces
Oh great, thanks!
Is the porta a burger or just a roasted mushroom ? Thanks!
Roast some almonds, peanuts and cashews in a dry pan until toasted then add that to your processor. dredge your patty in sunflower seeds and sesame seeds before frying it up in some EVOO.
will do, making a hit list!
*IF the Queen dies. Not so sure she will ever die, I am leaning towards the strong possibility she is a cyborg.
Jerry once said that if he had to pick just one instrument to play it would of been the pedal steel, but he said to be proficient at it its all he could of played. I often wonder when was the last time he played it, did he have Gris over to the house over the garage and jam out on his pedal steel and banjo ? Did he sit down at the piano and still compose ala he did for Terrapin in 77 ? If so when?
72 Fall Philo Stomps is Phil at his pinnacle ( not that im arguing, 73 is beyond epic ). Philo Stomp -- 10/24/72 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tQXy2az5_LA
The Orcas at Oakbay Marina, but it may be best to try and forget that all together ( HTF was that allowed to go on ?!? )
They hit a spring of water that should of been found long before the drilling began. The city freaked, the Lablaws group said fuck you then, kiss your store good bye.
and zero character development.
Oh I get it, and it will make 2 billion. But it will not be a movie, it will 2 hour action sequence. I would far prefer a movie more in the realm of the first two thirds of the Star Trek reboot. NOTHING HAPPENS. Its just great dialogue with character building.
Thanks for giving me permission for skipping the premiere.
In the summer the city does different dance nights outside at market square and centenial square.
They have two fires going at night, the apt building is complaining about how bad the smell is, not sure where they are getting firewood to have perpetual fires.
Jerry ripping Ziggy Stardust out of Space at Redrocks 78. Ooops that was just a dream I dreamed long ago......
Not excited by this honestly. I will get it and listen to it, but not at all what I was hoping for ( full show from 70-71 era maybe one with an unplugged set ).
Bailiff was on CBC APW this evening, remarkable story. With better infrastructure this could ( should ) be more common.
She is just plain AMAZING in JGB 76-78. Jerry said the vocal blend in that period went unmatched his career.
The new owners have done some interesting things preserving the character of the hotel, so far they cut down the iconic trees out front, tore down the rose garden and are now closing one of victorias best known and longest lasting restaurant. Why did they not just build a new hotel, the vacant spot beside crystal Gardens ( budget rental ) has been waiting for a buyer for 25 years.
Mayor was on CBC Monday she said that they are close to a deal for it to be in Esquimalt.
The Cons are really terrible at opposition. The irony, and just general befuddlement is entertaining in a way, but I also feel almost embarrassed for them.
I asked the company as they were cutting them down, as I lived downtown and my children played under the dinosaur trees weekly if not daily. He said it was not in the vision of the new owners. I call complete bullshit on safety.
I thought the ministry was putting everyone up in hotels.
TERRIBLE black Friday and Boxingday sales. I had giftcards and did not buy a thing.
VERY good point, I suppose I can always use an extra external HD.
Anyone know the symbology at work in this painting? I know all Renaissance work was supposed to work on two levels the spiritual and the human.
Minister was on CBC this morning to give some details. This girl is NOT the only person under ministry care living at "tent city". I can not think of a single part of the provincial government more embarrassing than the ministry of children. It is a complete shit-show from the top on down.
Put her in a mental ward if they can not do "anything" else. At least she can get some therapy before she becomes a drug addicted hooker or worse. A judge needs to do something before it is too late, this is a CHILD under the Provinces care.
I do not find this to be true.
This is what your looking for! http://www.gettinhigherchoir.ca/
Blows my mind to think Jerry is playing in a motel bar a mere weeks after the GDs Fall 72 tour.
I get the feeling from bits ive seen and read that this strays from the game in that he flips between different time periods; intentionally or not. Or correct me, maybe that is what the game entails ? Either way I am very intrigued and am a sucker for time travel.
and women. I would rather see a woman as the lead in an action-secret agent-spy movie. Toss in a woman director as well.
Hopefully they keep up flapping their lips because it makes me laugh.
Wow did not realize, thanks for bringing this to my attention.....
Not sure at all about his name but I can describe him, and have seen him as recently as Fall and he seemed to be doing the same scam.
I buy happy meals and hand them out, particularly on holidays when a lot of soup kitchens are closed or have short hours. No possible way will I ever give money.
She is even more famous. She often "marks" people around the China Town gates. Awful person.
Ha, reddish hair 40ish missing a bunch of teeth ? If so, no that is ANOTHER person and she is horribly horribly addicted to meth-crack-pills-everything. I used to live in that area and see her daily and how she is still alive is beyond comprehension.
No, this guy is drug addict thin, pony tail dark hair in a pony tail, always a black ballcap, glasses and possibly an ethnicity of first nations or even Mexican ?
They have been putting BABIES in hotels, check yesterdays paper and news. Weve gone from them admitting 26 cases to over 125 as of Monday ( that we know about ).
You just go enjoy Pacific Rim the grown ups are talking dear.
Vinyl Rips will be around, and im sure they sound incredible. All the other RSD vinyls have been transfered to Flac im sure this one is no different. GL poke around.
VERY EXCITED, woke up at 5am and my first thought in my groggy brain was will The Beast be unleashed today ?
Well, that will spell the END to R rated large budget movies. Fuck you China.
I always wondered why it was labeled Cryptical??
True, but this one always struck me as particularly odd as we know Cryptical is a suite of music, it would be the same as saying --1977 they played Weather Report Suite when they played Let It Grow. - Or maybe I am missing something ?
Right, you are correct, did they ever just do "Cryptical" without The Other One ? I have always refered to the Suite as Cryptical if it starts and ends with Cryptical; Cryptical-Otherone-Cryptical instead of the proper terminology of Thats It For The Other One. I suppose I should re listen to Hundred Year Hall ( or Eu72 Box ) and see if they tease Cryptical anywhere in that massive and dark Other One but I seem to remember studying that very conundrum and coming up empty but it will be a fun exercise none the less.
