This game is just another ff7 spinoff undercover, just watch!!
the fact they have kept Omnishlash unreleased so far, should tell us they have large plans for him. Omnishlash V5 from AC is also popular, so I wouldn't be surprised if he gets Omnishash 1 through 5 in different relics!!
you act as if they wouldn't!
lol it took them a crazy amount of time to get DR ready and ofc it was bugged as heck. And there's still a ton of unsolved bugs that they couldn't patch before releasing yet another bugged hero.
my characters are Ms Marvel (costume), Spidey (ANAD costume), Venom (no costume yet). I manage to wipe everything pretty easily with Cap Marvel and if she is in a bad situation venom usually does the job as he seems pretty tanky and rarely gets badly damaged
Dragoon's Determination is also a massive damage boost. So there's literally no reason to use it on this fight though
I actually got 40 instead of 30 for the lower package, so that was interesting. That said, I have no clue why they wouldn't just give people the advertised amount? Is not like they corrected it right away or a day after... they corrected it today when they were supposed to send them
hopefully something that overall boosts her but also gives her an edge vs her current weaknes... physical
Huh? I said "Wasn't that prominent" it's not the same as calling him unimportant, specially when I said OTHERS were MORE prominent. Don't get all salty just because your fave isn't someones favorite
oh boy now you don't get sarcasm. Just go argue with someone else, your attempts at demeaning while you yourself lack English understanding are hilarious
you are so fragile, perhaps you should get off the internet!
The person didn't play V1, where the characters storylines were being talked about. The person continued to 'pick apart' my sentences by gathering their own meaning out of them when the whole post was an innocent inquiry in how a certain character got in before others who are perceived as more popular. Not once did I state my opinions as facts, and in fact gave proof as to the perceived popularity of other characters due to game's story/updates/etc. And not once did I resort to insults like you or them did, so how am I being a 'condescending ass'. But forget it, this went long enough. I can't wait to see who the 3rd ff14 is, as I play the game, I can't wait to play with a character from the game!
Well Gazillion is not very good at damage control, or squashing bugs
I think they will link him to all the Hulks, Antman, Iron Man, Miles/Gwen/Silk for the 'new hero' type of thing, since this game seems to follow the MCU a lot, an Ultron connection wouldn't surprise me either.
good. I watsed x15 trying for another pull on Lightning's banner after the x50 and ofc got nothing. This makes me feel less bad about it and the savings till SSSB begin now :(
I did, 8 uses has been enough for me. Specially since I usually use Tyro as whm with Wall
Alot of bugged characters, still not fixes for many of them
so are they patching tomorrow? or when do people think?
what is this repeat stage 2 thing? :O
1400 crystals and some more incoming through the stash. I hope I can buy Loki's and maybe Angela's if it turns out good. Only have Loki rank 4 so Also want some bios for him (her!)
100 gem got me... 5* Seed Uniform wtf! hahaha
good, I had no idea if I was picking Jessica or Sif
her other uni also has a bonus, with +7 sec to the skill so +4 more
Cap Marvel's uniforms got +Skill time for her new 6* skill, +7 for Carol Corps and +4 for Ms Marvel
It seems to be an issue with the Facebook link, if you go to the Future Fight APP PAGE on Facebook and click 'remove' (You can do it on your PC), the game will allow you to log in
Probably because it takes 40 to 'unlock him' as he is a 3* minimum, they don't wanna give you more than you 'need' xP
I find Cap Marvel great fun, and even if you are 60 bios in you can always use them for gear. Other than that I'd go for Silk/Hulkbuster. The 6* Hulkbuster skill is pretty fun, and Silk is pretty good. If you have the new costume or willing to get it, Angela is also a great fun character
I'm also not sure about the 4th gear. But right now I have Stark Backing and it seems to work well on her
Smart Racoon and her 6* don't play well with each other, aka they get replaced by each other
honestly I don't think so, it would require too much micro management in keeping an eye for procs plus you might need the skill before. And a healing ISO isn't too bad, she still takes a lot of damage vs physical, and shields don't play well with her passive so I find her options a bit limited now. But not in a bad way, since the 6* is very good
Only ~some~ U+ bosses. All U bosses are still weak to it. But it is a specific thing, ie: It's great for Beatrix but you could also team retaliate her Drainga has its uses on some fights to help with healing while doing good damage, and it also hits the dark weakness for the very few fights that are weak to it. Bioga helps with poison and is rarely resisted so it's another good option. Sadly I find that Blizzaja tends to be resisted more often than Waterja, and in face when things are weak to ice they tend to also be weak to water.
Quel did and it also got a dmg boost, so I'd argue it's a pretty good summon. If you can't hone Baha, definitly better to do Quel + either Maduin or Vale
I like this, even though your Dismissals are pretty high, it doesn't proc enough to call this a dismissal strategy. I didn't think of Reflect on his Cura as my highest hones are magic based, but I'll give it a shot
I believe Marvel has to approve pretty much anything, at least that is what it is like with other Marvel games, so even describing the Uniform/where it comes from etc would need to be approved and that likely takes more time.
Spiderman 2099 is a different character, if they added Miles they could add Miguel too. And people are throwing out ideas of Amadeus Cho for Iron Spider, so who knows!
Its happening a lot today to me
There isn't much use for Flare right now, and even i fit was unless you could hone it to like R3 I wouldn't even bother
I would say at least get Loki's given his current state. The others are more about what you like. But given Loki's flexibility, boosting him and granting him access to female battles is just too good to pass
I would say it is. 2016 relaunch was supposed to be this big thing that has been in the works for over a year, and yet now half of it is delayed and the other half showcases how rushed it all is. Makes you wonder what they were actually doing when they were supposedly working on this content such as DP's review and Black Cat. Bugs on live still persist and they seem unable to handle different things at a time, ie: fix old bugs and push new content (even if it's on the form of a character), and yet all they do is introduce even more bugs. So unless they get things under control I doubt that most of the people who have stopped playing will come back. The game is becoming very stale and the resuse of hero abilities, environments and mechanics is becoming even more apparent.
terrible money grab. Couldn't even use the opportunity to create new models for both characters/these costumes, and the enemies that they have "been working on for over year"
Nice, in 14 days I can get Kingpin to 5 star and then with the 6* tix I could get him to 6*
nop :( I would love to get Shehulk/Angela or Silk to 5*, but idk if I will be able to buy bios for any of them. Angela is 4*, like 70 shy to 5*. And Shehulk/Silk are 3* but I can't afford x2 of their sales to get them to 5*, so I was thinking instead using the crystals for Kingpin's costume
FFT's banner is also packed, unlike these banners that either split the relics into different chars per banner or put new char's relic1 on 1st banner and relic2 on 2nd banner, Both of the FFT's chars get their x3 relics on ONE banner. So x6 character relics on one banner. And of course one of them is Scream. The others aren't bad either, such as a 40% Hp heal that also gives protect. To be honest, I'm pretty much on the same boat as you. My ff9 synergy is lacking, and I have native wall. While I also have AoE heal, the relics in this banner are good and tempting. BUT I will try my luck vs Beatrix and see how I fair without, if I at least manage to beat her then I won't pull. The next FF9 Even has really good stuff too
Sure! But also keep in mind taste, if you like the characters then go ahead. But the Freya event was already translated and therefor not too far away, and that one has a bunch of SSBs plus the very good Garnet's SSB. So that was what made me feel like waiting instead.
Did you claim it from Inbox fist and then check consumable on inventory? if it isnt there and you lost crystals then definitely send a ticket to support
It's a very good deal if you manage to buy the package, but as mentioned by others, you must be rank 4 to be able to use it.
Just make it Knight 4 DeNa harharhar
How many reta uses? max reta on all?
thx a lot I will give this shot!
higher chance to get speed bios from daily chest I'm guessing is what they are referring to
cause of Red Skull, and i guess the ~wound is fresh~ because of the recent captain america comic book.
no thanks when he was being offered as a bundle with shards before.... I know that might no happen again, but ugh too expensive.
Cool Mom Punk Barbie, I'll probably buy tbh
you can do more than one x11 pull on this banner?
I mean it was free shards and what not, but I would had prefered Orange/Yellow gears instead of green :(
its not like things like this happen every single friday...(they do). sigh i dont get why they dont learn
Buy a "rare chance to collect" they mean buy them? :(
sarcasm + question mark + Unhappy face
no, they already said there won't be one
My honest advice in regards to buying any premium character is: Buy the ones you like. Why? because in terms of gameplay they tend to do more harm than good :(. There's really little benefit to owning them, and with all the 8hr tasks they give them, you end up with more 8hr tasks on your board, you gain less gold (due to them starting at rank 1 and having to increase them to rank 5), and they halt your progress due to needing so much gold and books. So really they are mostly something you must really want rather than something that would enhance your gameplay. So far the only "premium" character that has brought more good than harm is Pepper, and she wasn't really premium. She was also promoted as giving out enhanced missions like premiums, but so far she hasn't. But at least she tends to have her 2hr task give good event items #s.
Nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo :(
Or y'know, it might just be The Defenders as he mentions :P Cap Britain is also part of Mighty Defenders, which includes Rescue, Spiderman (both other versions) but most importantly, Shehulk and White Tiger. Both who are very likely to join the game. But with the Sinister Six basically confirmed, the defenders might join as well
you cant even buy the TUs if you already had them (Iron Man), so you could buy the new Cap one (its different from box one). And sacrifice it for a token, but not the Iron Man since it wont let you :(
well this is great news, right before i go to bed!
well that sucks I will just have to read the story on this. I get really bad motion sickness on first person shooters :( I literally put myself through hell just to finish Fallout 3 lol But that sucks :( , the VR thing was never gonna happen for me anyway :(
Upon seeing the 2 trailers and the demo, I don't think it's necessarily anyone we know. It seems the person will be calling the player through the game, so when he says "She's back" it probably just means that she is calling again :(
why? He is gay. There's even a storyline with him and Loki :P
thats another thing, I have 7* SG and 6* plat sword :F. I'm scared of wasted books
I really don't get this type of comments. This is clearly a set scenario and asking for opinions regarding the expenditure of the limited resource that is Mythril. If you have such a problem with someone asking for input or advice on a topic, that as you yourself say, hasn't been asked due to it being far away. Then why even post here? I really don't get people like you in the reddit, what do they want the reddit to be, just full of PSAs? Megathreads? Show off threads? Whatever, enjoy the game.
It will likely happen, she has been added to every game Loki's been in. That said... Lady Loki is supposed to be Loki in Sif's body, so... awkward
All 3 are solid choices, currently Ghost Rider is probably even stronger than Rogue given gearing and what not. He is also a lot of fun with his AoE builds. Rogue is also a blast to play since you can build her in many many ways, you might enjoy her more since you can literally build her up and dismantle and build her up a different way. And Doom is great too, 3 solid builds and a very fun character too
i added 4 of u guys, wasted 30 stamina trying to get one of you to show up... all 4 show up at the last "refresh". The RW refresh UI update cant come soon enough...
I'm currently using Tyro, Ramza, PCecil, Bartz and the healer changes depending on the relic's i've gotten or really just put whoever for leveling and use a shared medica. I've gotten lucky in basically the team having built itself due to the relics I've gotten. First Tyro's SG, then Pcecil's SSB which is a constant 9999x3. After that I got lucky and got Bartz's Excalibur and that just made the game easy mode. His attack is so strong he usually does 8k+ x5. AND gives me a def 50% buff that stacks with protect, or basically eliminates the need for protect. Then the unthinkable happened and Ramza got both of his Relics (Shout/Tailwind) and basically became the most versatile character allowing me not even bring healer for some fights. And of course, as an emergency cure if needed. Anyway, my point is that I think that the setup you wrote about is indeed an amazing one. At this point I would like: PCecil's BSB, Beatrix's SSB, Garnet's Wizard Rod and Selphie's Dreamstage. Usually my go-to RW is Garnet's Wizard rod for the Res up and Regen, but I'm hoping more options start showing up soon!
oh yea i did that... 30 times :(
127, hoping to get to 150 for the fest. Kuja 2 broke me
I just want updated exp multiplier, i dont even feel like playing with the current one
I finished him with all of them rank 1... full mastery. I did go a bit crazy with my hones tho since I like summoners. Had Alexander/Valefor r5 , Levi/Ultros/Shiva/Ifrit/Ramuh r3, Fat Choco r2. Used Focus RW, have innate Wall and Yuna's Medica + High Regen. Had Hope use the x2 Summon Magic , with Alex/Levi. I actually had times I had to reset because I did too much dmg during phase 2 where I wasn't seeing the 3rd background. My tip is: Go moderate on Phase 1, Go Slow on Phase 2 till you spawn the 3rd orb, then go Hard.
Last I read he said he didn't voice Drax, but didn't say anything about Prof X
Have you guys seen the Lady Loki picture /u/rip_cpu made? https://www.reddit.com/r/avengersacademygame/comments/4p0wdk/dear_tinyco_please_add_lady_loki_as_an_alternate/ Chances of getting her as a costume? ;)
Well he said he did voice Drax, just that it wasn't his voice being used for the game. He is Drax's voice on other games
One last question, would it be possible to let the characters walk through "buildings" like Avenger's Park? It just looks very odd to place it and have roads lead into it and then they just walk back or walk away since they can't "enter" without an action. Also maybe sit on benches? Eat some Shawarma? Have a coffee? Pet Cosmo?
nop, still need 3 abilities with mainly power/wind :(
Damn they put Tyr's BSB in a not so great banner. So I guess #1 and #4 for me
If you like Yshtola that much... sure.... but otherwise I just don't think #2 is great. Specially if you have Thyrus. Since you will likely want to use Stoneskin 2 rather than any of her other SBs
Spidergwen and Iron Jane!
Norman has been an Avenger ;)
My only SBs in this realm are Auron's Shooting Star and Yuna's Hymn. Both are good, but rest of my team is poop. Auron/Tidus/Yuna/Wakka 80, Rikku/Braska/Jecht 65~ Luckily I do have 3 solid X Swords, 1 Dagger and Auron's Katana. But I'm having difficulty setting up the right team. If I only had more wind orbs I could hones some stuff to make them stronger! Damn X roster has no Knight 4*++ I was shocked!!! hahaha I'm guessing everyone is going with Shout RW? I don't have any shared shellga SB but I do have protectga shared SB.
omg I totally forgot Rikku has bard!! Did you save up some uses of Powerchain/FullCharge on Tidus? I can hone both to r2 or one to r3, but have no SB/SSB on him so wondering if you spaced out Tidus' abilities and mixed them in with some normal attacks until you got him to low health? I got Shooting star on Auron so he can take care of some dmg. Wakka for breaks, no SBs. Could give him Protect SB or to tidus. Rikku, got no shared shell sb, but could give her bard shell + Dismissal 8 uses. (No thief's revenge). Yuna has Hymn, so I can do the same. Sorry for the longish post, just having trouble with this Cid Mission.
the #3 brought back painful memories
well since its decor I'm sure they are just gonna say "Here you go a 2nd one, and this time its free" Since last time it cost shards for the boxes. I mean there's so many spider tokens in there too that you shouldn't get if you already ranked him up to 5. But alas you can get them
dang missing 17 myhtril for another 50 :(
oh wow i didnt knew that :/ , spider ham's info even says "he doubles" the evidence... but 0 x 2 = 0
I don't. apparently people who dont have him cant even get evidence just yet. It seems like an already tight race to get all rewards from boxes with Spiderham, let alone without
decor only
Thanks for this, now to save my Mythril for IV and then XI
So the octobots will be there for other buildings too? Wondering if its wondering investing in one of those premium things
Got Ham, Spidey on CW. Ham is almost rank 3, just waiting on some sandwiches. Only Missing Statue on decorations, currently at 4 buggle's (saving them for boxes first). Have already bought 3 boxes. I ended up buying the 1 web/12 hrs thingy, its helped somewhat but I still get 1-2 octos I have to deal with which is kinda annoying. Seems they really wanted you to buy the x3 one.
Probably just like Giant Man was advertised to create the world map thingies on CW event for the entire duration of the event on the faq.... aka nop.
No one knows yet. They say they are used for characters, plural, but there's images of different tokens for other characters. So we don't know at the moment.
Its a bad app. Have had it for so long even have FF1 and FF2 for free there (only reason I havent deleted it) but login in its too much of a pain if you have a software token (Since I play ff14) and on top of that its just glitchy. Square tends to give up on their phone apps, you can tell they want people to use it because of all the promotions and "exclusives" they give it but they won't do anything to make it better. At least give us the option to always be logged in if we want to
