I'm going to show this to my guitar students. "Better practice hard or you'll be replaced by Lego robots."
I used to have insomnia - and still do some nights. These are some of the things that worked for me: * Brush teeth and change into pajamas at least an hour before going to bed. Some people learn to associate brushing teeth with waking up in the mornings, and feel more alert afterwards. * Make a quick list of things to do the next day. Make sure there's a pad and pen beside the bed. * Always have at least two alarm options - phone, watch, alarm clock etc. Some people worry about sleeping in so much that they can't sleep. * Phase in sleep. Don't shut off the TV and expect to fall asleep right away, you can't do it. Transition into quiet. TV off at least half an hour before bed. If you read, all other lights should be off. Get a reading light dimmer, and about 15 minutes go to a lower setting. Your eyes will strain a little harder and will want to close. * Give yourself some time after the lights are out to think about things. I like to think about snowboarding through powder or riding my bike through a forest. I don't think about my day, about work, about tomorrow, or anything that can get me riled up. That's my time. * I don't worry about closing my eyes. If I'm relaxed, they'll close on their own. * If I can't fall asleep I try to figure out why. Is there something I need to write down? Is there a noise I'm not used to? A light that's distracting me? Do I have to pee? Even something small, like the fact that my pajamas are twisted, will keep me up. Like I said, these things work for me. I hope they can work for you.
You can probably sleep on planes, trains and automobiles too, you bastard!
I actually think it's brilliant in a meta art sense. There's always a larger commentary being made in an art project this big, and the fact that these images were effectively stolen is part of that message. There's the whole "living in public" social media angle, the voyeurism angle, the "authentic private moment made public" angle, the copyright angle, the question of whether we own anything in the Internet age including our own image, as well the beauty of taking something transitory and almost meaningless like an Instagram post and turning into a lasting work of art. I'd really like to hear from the artist. I'd also like it if the artist, his point made, gave half the money to the original owners of the photos.
Yep. Should have replaced Jon. I have no idea who the new guys is, but John Oliver was a perfect choice.
If only America went after wall street criminals with as much vigor as they go after steroid users in baseball, refs who rig NBA games, corrupt European soccer officials, NCAA football championship designations, etc.
My Dark Souls Dream: When you complete the game the first time, you get to enter the bodies of NPCs in the game - random undead and creatures. You can't go out of a given area, but can attack other players as they come through the area. If you complete the second time, you get to come back as a lesser boss. If you complete the game a third time, you get to come back as a bigger boss. Eventually you can play as any character, earning the souls you steal and adding them to your own.
Shitty spelling aside, what is it with Americans - especially the right, but not entirely - vilifying the politicans they disagree with to such idiotic extremes. Obama is Hitler. Obama is a secret radical Muslim. Obama is coming for your guns! Obama is a socialist. Obama is bringing in Sharia law in the U.S. Obama is a traitor. Obama is a dictator. Obama is Illuminati. Obama is a lizard. Obama is the Antchrist. It's natural to dislike politicans from parties you don't support, but I can't think of any democracies where dislike amps up into such intense, polarized, unreasoning, unrepetent hatred! You don't like a politician, you vote them out. It's not some some endless battle of good vs. evil where the soul of a nation is at stake, it's a four year term at the head of a massive bureaucracy with a ridiculous number of checks and balances, followed by another four year term.
Thanks for that!
MK8 wasn't available for download yet, while MK7 and Super Mario 3D were the same price.
People can technically live anywhere if they choose, they're obviously choosing to go elsewhere. A better question would be whether families are willing to live in cramped apartments and condos that are ridiculously overpriced, while earning wages that are lower than in many other cities. The answer, according to the decline in households with children, is no. They can afford some kind of life, but it's not the life they want.
Agreed on the LPC getting killed again, although you'd think they'd have learned something by now. I would not make it a full merger, I would only make it a temporary coalition with a handful of goals - including bringing in proportional representation or ranked ballots and conditions for calling the next election.
A lot is going to happen before the next election, especially when the Liberals and NDP start savaging each other. Remember, the CPC also polled low for a while before rebounding the last time around, then they did better than expected on election night as the usual suspects turned out and the usual slackers stayed home. The NDP/Lib split vote, the result of Jack Layton's popularity, also handed the Cons about 34 seats and the majority if memory serves. As the below polls show, the Cons are still the most popular party overall, with the Libs and NDP more or less tied for second. http://www.threehundredeight.com/ These riding by riding polls suggest that the Cons will win a minority government at the least, with a lot of split votes. http://www.threehundredeight.com/p/canada.html The only thing that can stop a Harper minority - and possible majority - is to form a coalition before the election. If parties form a coalition after the election, which is an option, there are going to be a lot of unhappy people on all sides. EDIT: What I meant by "unhappy" is that a lot of people are going to consider the coalition government illegitimate - including everyone who voted CPC, and LPC/NDP diehards who won't compromise.
Always the brother who gets laser sliced into cubes.
You'll be thinking differently on the eve of the election when the CPC is sitting at over 35% and the returns start coming in. I'm not saying this should be a permanent coalition of the centre-left, but a temporary measure with one purpose - to bring in proportional representation and end this situation where less than 40% of voters are choosing our government.
At my daughter's elementary school, the boys are extremely active and the girls are driven off the field. Technically they can play, but they don't want to - the boys are assholes to each other and to the girls. There needs to be some kind of organized recreation during recess, and the field should be divided in two for boys and girls.
In my school district it's up to the teachers until Grade 8. That's what the fuck I'm talking about. It was also the case in my niece's school district which was in the GVA. Are you serious? Are you mad at everything all the time, or just when you read things on Reddit?
What's Jay-Z saying about this?
What's with that beard? It's like he's hiding something.
Seems weak and does nothing to address organized crime or raise taxes for education and health care. This is the only issue where the LPC have the lead. If legalization is inevitable, the same way gay marriage was inevitable, then stop dragging feet.
I'm not saying do it tomorrow, but have a plan to phase it in. If the election is November, then shoot for September 2016. It's not like we don't have a template - both Colorado and Washington State did it, and in less than a year.
PR win? They could have done this a few years ago when the issue came up.
We're still too far out for the polls to matter, and the Cons always make a strong comeback in the last month. Plus, their followers actually do come out to vote, while the natural constituency for the left - students, young people, immigrants, urbanites - stays home. 4 out of 10 people don't seem to give enough of a shit about anything to take an hour out of one day every four or five years.
Mexico also gives these companies massive incentives to build factories - hundreds of millions in cash (not loans), plus a favourable tax rate.
That was a protectionist move of sorts - VW is going to continue to buy parts made in Canada. I actually know a tool and die maker who makes parts for VW, so it's nice to know his job is being protected. Still, I'm sicking of Canada fighting for scraps. When you compare Canada to any of the Scandinavian countries or a juggernaut like South Korea, we don't have a lot going on when it comes to building world class manufacturing and technology companies. We seem content to sell off our resources with adding value by processing them into usable, finished products.
You're getting the Cup back. Four first overall picks in six years will see to that.
I actually hope I'm wrong, and McDavid isn't that great. I'm so pissed off at the draft - one team gets four first overall picks in six years, while Toronto has had exactly one first overall pick in the entire 52 year history of the draft - Wendel Clark. I really think they should rotate things to make it somewhat fair, or do a completely random lottery. Teams have a better chance of going from worst to first than they do of rising from the middle of the pack.
I really think that most people are naturally polarized to consider two choices at a time - this or that, in or out, on or off, do or don't. When it comes to politics, they want a simple choice - and luckily the LPC is making it simple to vote for one or the other. No nuance or equivocation, which is all the LPC seems to offer these days.
I'm more referring to things like health care, education subsidies, the social safety net for workers and seniors, etc., which all parties support to a certain degree. However, I'd suggest the NDP platform (past and the things Mulcair has said) is a little stronger on those things than the other parties.
Mulcair: I will vote against C-51 and repeal it if elected. Trudeau: I will vote for C-51 and will repeal parts of it if elected. Mulcair: I will bring in proportional representation. Trudeau: I will create a committee to discuss the possibility of changing to an alternative of first past the post. Is it any wonder the LPC is getting creamed in the polls? Do Trudeau and the LPC believe strongly in anything?
Just curious, but why would you saw Obamacare has turned into a disaster? Most of what I've read suggests that while it started out as a disaster, it's actually been quite successful - more people are insured, medical costs are rising more slowly, people aren't being denied coverage, etc. - and getting more successful as time goes on. It's not a universal or single payer health care system like every single other country in the OECD offer its citizens, but surely it's better than the past?
I'm not saying he hasn't done anything, just that he hasn't done or said anything of consequence that has had any effect on the polls. The voters want some red meat and he's giving them broccoli.
I know a lot of people that have been severely misdiagnosed over the years, one of them fatally. One person, a father of a six-month old, broke his back at work. There was no spinal cord damage, but he was going to be sidelined for about eight weeks. Then he started feeling ill, and intense back pain - more a week after the injury than immediately afterwards. He went back and was told the pain and sickness was normal, stay off his feet, blah blah. Then it started to hurt more. He went back and was told the same thing. Then he started feeling really bad, went back and guess what - his organs, injured in the same accident, were infected. They rushed him to the hospital, but it was too late - he died. If they had taken his temperature, poked and prodded around his back to find the source of the pain, taken a blood test, or considered the fact that he could have injured organs in the same accident, he'd be alive and well today. That's just one person. I know siblings that were both misdiagnosed - her with a broken vertebrae, the brother with a belly button thing that was horribly infected and could have killed him. They sent another guy I know in for surgery on a broken wrist, but luckily he decided to get a second opinion on the way to the hospital (it was feeling much better), and was told he would be fine in four weeks. This is just the tip of the iceberg - if I include my father in law's misdiagnosis (he actually picked up a parasite while travelling), my friend's mole ("it's fine" to "it's cancer" in a week), and other issues, then I know dozens of people that have been misdiagnosed or mistreated. And they wonder why people Google things...
Actually got busy when writing and thought I abandoned it...
Fictional quasi-sport - Quidditch is the dumbest game ever conceived. 150 points for catching the snitch, "the team almost always wins"? Why not have a 50-point shot in basketball, or a 30-point kick in football. JK Rowling is a great writer, but not much of a sports fan.
Given the birth rate, and especially teen birth rate, on reserves, it's fair to say that we're letting down one of our most vulnerable populations when it comes to reproductive health. Are we making it too hard to get condoms? Are we not teaching sexual health at a young enough age? Are we not making the knowledge and resources available? Are we letting religious leaders who don't believe in contraception call the shots? (For the record, the current pope is actually on record advocating for smaller families, but still won't approve of contraception.) Seems like an easy issue to fix with education and an investment in health care.
I honestly don't think our licensing program for trophy hunters takes into account other things that can impact wildlife populations - food scarcities, accidents, poaching, etc. All it takes is a bad couple of salmon runs, a few poachers and a couple of trucks at the wrong time and suddenly we go from a "healthy population" to an endangered one in a given area. I understand that these hunts do raise money for conservation, but I find that a little offensive - we really can't find money to preserve something rare and beautiful unless we allow people to hunt a few of them?
Soccer is one sport where statistics make the winners fairly easy to predict most of the time, but anything can happen - home crowds will help, and might influence a few refs as well. Whether they can upset three games in a row is left to be seen, but I'm hopeful!
Somewhere a gopher is running for his life while "I'm Alright" by Kenny Loggins blasts in the background.
Meanwhile you can't have a flat surface of brick or concrete anywhere in Canada that doesn't get tagged by young shitheels who confuse their elegant squiggles with artistry, and this guy's portrait is just sitting there, begging to be vandalized. If government won't force its removal, somebody needs to do something.
I'm more speaking in terms of cultural use of First Nations symbols and culture than an actual political change. Obviously some things are a little more difficult here - lack of treaties, the fact that there are so many different First Nations languages, etc. - but celebrating First Nations in a symbolic way will have a huge impact on the way they're viewed and view themselves on the national stage. The hakka at rugby games has nothing to do with treaties and everything to do with pride. I'd like to honour our own First Nations the same way.
And a combination payday loan, pawn shop and gun store.
His jaw is too fucked up to bite any bullets...
Don't forget strata - a lot of people are encouraging millennials to get into the condo market for their starter homes, and I don't think people realize how much strata is really going to cost. It always starts too low, and increases over time - our strata fees have doubled at my place in less than 10 years, partly because of a new law that requires us to account for depreciation of common assets. It's a good law, but now we're paying about 35% of our housing costs to strata for very little service - some snow clearing, landscaping and insurance. Edit: When I mean it starts too low, I'm talking about new projects. Typically the costs are low, but increase over time to reflect the actual costs. Whether this is a deliberate way to make the units more appealing to the first buyers, I have no idea.
In B.C., strata fees cover both maintenance costs and fixed costs. Previous to last year, you didn't have to include the full cost of depreciating assets like a roof or common space, but that's now part of the reason my fees have doubled since 2006. For a 1,400 square foot townhouse in a complex with about 90 other townhouses, we're paying about $3,500 a year in strata (just under $300/month) - that covers garbage removal, snow clearing, landscaping, electricity costs for street lighting, irrigation, and the maintenance of the grounds and common space - although we have had to pay surcharges for things like painting in the past because we didn't have enough saved up to cover those costs. That's over a full month of after tax salary for me, which is a huge chunk of money when you factor in the cost of the mortgage, ($11,000), groceries, child care, car insurance, house insurance, utilities, etc. Luckily we're a two income family, or we wouldn't be able to afford even our modest house. We haven't saved a dime for our retirement since our daughter was born, and we can't afford to go away. Even worse, our strata costs seem to be increasing every year at a rate that's well above inflation, while our wages are pretty much stagnant. It's becoming a massive burden. My advice for homeowners is to either avoid buying anywhere that has a strata, or to get involved in the strata to protect your investment and prevent other people with more money than you have from signing onto projects you don't need or want. Even then, there's little you can do - there's one company that does garbage removal in my town, we do get snow, insurance costs are increasing, the buildings are aging; it's not like strata is burning money, and they do try to get competitive bids on everything.
The problem is that the stock market, and the need to post quarterly profits, forces short-term thinking on companies that might otherwise take the long view. They need more revenues, and they need them now to keep shareholders happy - and ensure their own share holdings keep their value. However, I think an honest announcement - "the media landscape has changed drastically, and it's clear that we can't go back... this is what we're doing to move forward" - would go better than they expect, and prevent shareholders from jumping ship.
Still, Google Fiber could have started in New York, LA or Chicago where there's enough population density to justify the investment, but instead I think they chose Kansas. If they can make a go of it in smaller markets, then I imagine Toronto, Vancouver and Montreal should be relatively easy.
Attack ads are nothing new, but the idea of creating arm's length third-party organizations to raise money is new.
Hopefully Mulcair's advisors have a plan in place to keep the numbers high. July - "After studying the U.S. experience, the NDP is in favour of the regulation and legalization of marijuana, with an emphasis on harm reduction and making it harder for vulnerable teens to get. Prohibition has not worked." Instant bump in the polls. August - "If elected, one our priorities would be to create a national Pharmacare program, reducing drug costs for patients and taxpayers." Seniors and people caring for seniors will ditch the CPC and Liberal Party. September - "We will form a national working group to review our participation in various trade agreements, such as the TPP - the details of which we will make public. Trade agreements must be mutually beneficial and fair, and right now it's not a level playing field for Canada." October - "Youth unemployment is too high in this country, and wages are too low for young people starting out in life. Meanwhile the TFW program has displaced young workers from starter jobs, and needs to be greatly reduced or scrapped completely. You need experience to get a good job, and we have to start providing young high school students, university students and grads with experience, as well as access to training and funds that would encourage entrepreneurship. We will initiate an employment program that encourages the hiring of youth by private agencies, as well as other programs that employ these youth directly." Boom, elected.
And, by benefiting the wealthy, it also robs the federal government of billions in taxes, which has two outcomes - the rest of us pay more taxes to effectively subsidize a tax break for the rich, or our country slashes programs that help lower incomes while sinking further into debt. Stupid, stupid, stupid. Nobody asked for this, nobody needs it. The NDP and LPC oppose it, and hopefully will turn it into an election issue.
Shouldn't stop you from making it federal policy and trying to make a change. I think the provinces would agree on a lot of different things, including what to do about the senate, if given the chance - and as long as they don't use that opportunity to try to force through a lot of other things, and stick to the issues.
Pharmacare is being discussed as a cost-saving method. We'd still pay for drugs like we do now, just get a larger bulk discount. Hospitals and health authorities would pay less for what they're already using, and end users like myself would pay less as well. There's no downside, other than the concept of provincial exceptionalism, and the possibility that provinces would want more control over the program - and they don't, most provinces are looking for savings right about now.
A lot has happened since 2012, including the realization that the auto manufacturing industry will basically be dead here in a few decades. Our auto parts manufacturers are doing well and should survive, but the industry is dying - and NAFTA is part of the problem. http://www.cbc.ca/news/business/carmakers-say-adios-to-canada-as-mexico-shifts-into-higher-gear-1.3108148
Yup. And there are no sanctions, for some reason, so we don't really have much of a choice.
Some birds hop, others waddle, others walk and run keeping their heads still, but pigeons are crazy head bobbers. I assume there's a good reason for it, but I can't imagine how they evolved that way.
No, they're not the only birds that bob, but there are lots of other ways that birds get around on their feet that seem more efficient.
Reddit answers are more entertaining. And besides, there seems to be a few different theories floating around. Sometimes on askreddit you get an answer that is better than anything else out there.
It's not just labour, although they have a massive population willing to do just about anything, China keeps its dollar artificially low, environmental standards are almost non-existent, and they probably don't have the safety or quality inspection regime of North American or European processors.
It's hard to get over, but wow is it liberating when you let all of that go and try to love everybody. I'm not religious even a little bit, but that was a Jesus moment for me.
Mine was. http://imgur.com/YV1YbBQ I actually don't have a baby photo on my new laptop, found this one from around 11 months. I know my own take is subjective, but all kinds of people would take her picture from day one, and every nurse in the hospital came by to see her and hold her while my wife recuperated from her C Section - and I was told that was something that never happens.
Anybody else out there see this a positive? I live in a tourist town, and we're busy - very busy. Oil is a boom and bust industry that's unsustainable at the end of the day, while tourism is generally more steady and more sustainable (if we could offset jet fuel and rubber tire traffic) - and it was left to rot under the Harper government. A door closes, a window opens. The oil patch and its investors/workers are suffering, but tourism is up, the market for other Canadian resources should be increasing right about now, and manufacturing is poised to stage a comeback. Plus, Canadians will spend more money at home. Something like 85% of the U.S. economy is domestic. Not sure where Canada is, but it wouldn't kill us to rely a little less on imports and buy more goods produced here.
Values. Biden and Sanders share a lot of opinions on the working class and the same vision for America. Just watch his speeches from the last time he ran in 2008.
It takes time, but when oil was $150 a barrel, there was an upsurge in Canadian manufacturing because the cost of transporting goods from China leveled the field for us for a little while. I don't know if anything like that will happen again, but a few experts expect that it will. Don't forget we already have a value-added industry in Canada that processes timber into boards, pulp, veneer, etc., raw ore into usable minerals, oil into plastics, plastics into autoparts, etc. that has survived decades of globalization. Now the products made by those companies are discounted 30%. Some manufacturing is already picking up.
Adam Driver's acting was first-rate. The way he presented his internal conflict, and lack of confidence in his powers, was amazing. Darth Vader was scary because you had no idea what he was thinking or feeling, but when Kylo Ren's mask is off he's a hot mess. You almost feel sorry for him. As to why he took the mask off earlier, the scene where he tries to draw out Rey's memories works way better with a face.
A small but important step in the right direction. I'd like to see Canada become an R&amp;D powerhouse, leveraging our excellent schools, and managing patents and innovation for a net benefit. The return on investment is huge.
I guess the man-made earthquakes aren't helping the natural gas industry either.
I started buying organic a few years ago, mostly because of the delivery option from Spuds. The prices are higher, but what I discovered was that we now throw next to nothing out. When you pay $2.50 for a cucumber it's no big deal if it rots, but when it's $5 you eat the whole thing. You meal plan and you eat everything, throwing out next to nothing. Something like 40% of food winds up in the composter or dumpster, but in my house it's probably less than 10%. In other words, higher food prices don't have to be a disaster for anyone, just keep to a plan, don't impulse shop, and eat what's in your fridge. Source: http://www.theglobeandmail.com/life/the-hot-button/how-much-in-food-do-canadians-waste-a-year-think-billions/article4580509/
At the risk of being hunted down and murdered, I'd have to add policemen and firefighters. Aside from a few tragedies like 9/11 these are generally safe jobs compared to commercial fisherman, highrise construction, long-haul truckers, anyone in forestry, etc. You probably have a greater chance of being injured on the job as a nurse. Heroism is what you do, not the job you pick - unless it's something like Doctors without Borders. Why does this matter? Because in my town there are something like 18 full-time firefighters, and 15 of the them are making over $100K a year. I don't know what police make, their salaries aren't disclosed, but I've heard it's more than that. Meanwhile, we have about four house fires a year and about one car accident every month. We've had one murder in 40 years. If you look at deaths on the job in my area, almost all are in forestry, with a few electrical workers and professional drivers on the list.
$2.50 is a low winter price where I live for a generic, hothouse cucumber. The organic versions are $4 to $5.
It shouldn't be, we're far too trusting. A few case workers and investigators watching wire transfers and making random calls would probably uncover a lot of these scams. I hope anybody who used these services is on a flight home soon. There are lots of immigrants and refugees far more deserving of Canadian citizenship. In my view, if you cheated to get here, you're probably going to cheat once you're here.
I live in a mountain resort town. Our prices are probably double what they are about 40 minutes down the highway. Still, $2.50 is easily what people in Vancouver pay when they shop at places like Whole Foods.
I've had a six year wage freeze in the private sector (former newspaper reporter followed by two years at the same wage in the private sector) and my experience is obviously different than yours - I know very few private sector workers that have seen much in the way of increases, including cost of living adjustments. Where I live, the average wage is just over $40,000. Everybody working full-time for our municipality is making over $50,000, not including benefits. Your potential to earn more is higher in the private sector, given that's where all the entrepreneurs and highest paid professions are - including doctors who bill government for services - but for most people it's low paying, zero security jobs with terrible benefits. http://globalnews.ca/news/1359634/reality-check-comparing-ontarios-public-and-private-sectors/ http://www.ctvnews.ca/canada/the-public-sector-advantage-better-pay-pensions-and-job-security-1.1225327 http://www.ctvnews.ca/canada/private-sector-workers-earn-less-work-more-report-1.2292650 http://www.cfib-fcei.ca/english/article/6069-government-wages.html http://www.macleans.ca/economy/business/the-new-upper-class/ There are some reasons for the disparity, like a smaller wage gap between men and women, but overall the public sector pays very well.
Inflated ego? Check Overblown financial credentials? Check Complete lack of empathy? Check Doesn't think before he speaks? Check He could use a few ex-wives and a bad toupee, but otherwise O'Leary passes the Trump test.
Any members of the party can theoretically run, and go through the vetting process.
Harper was at least somewhat capable of nuance, and changed his mind about things once in a while. Trump and O'Leary don't have it in them to see another side to any issue.
I think the better plan is the Canadian one that would involve refining the oil here and selling processed gasoline in Canada, the U.S. and overseas. China would still be a customer, but in the event of a nautical disaster - which is a virtual certainty over time - gasoline is far safer for the environment and easier to clean up.
Because of the value of the dollar? You'd really move to a country with 64 million people, essentially twice Canada's population, jammed into an area two thirds the size of British Columbia?
I approve. Now bring back gym teachers. When I was in elementary, we had a full-time gym teacher in the school, we had a uniform to wear, and we had gym five days a week. Now? My daughter has gym twice a week with her regular teacher (e.g. not a trained gym teacher), and the kids wear whatever clothes/shoes they have with them that day. You can blame video games and TV for childhood obesity, but the schools need to be healthier as well - and research shows that active kids will be better at retaining all that coding knowledge.
He hates this can! Seriously, what's going on here.
At least we get the aftermath - ref banned, etc. etc.
The U.S. will sign, Sanders will, unfortunately, not be president. And once the U.S. is part of the treaty, they will do what they did under NAFTA and sue/screw Canada at every turn.
Trudeau's position is that we may not have a choice - if we're not in the TPP then it stands to reason that the other countries will trade more with each other and Canada will miss out on any of the benefits of those open markets. We lose if we join, we lose if we abstain. And if TPP doesn't happen at all, China will continue to benefit from the uneven playing field they've created, and we all will lose eventually. In that light, TPP could be a good thing if it were written by governments for the betterment of the people instead of by corporations for the betterment of themselves.
I hope I'm wrong, but overall polling is stronger for Clinton outside of the primary states and in the end the winning candidate is the one with the most national delegates at the convention. You can win the early primaries in Iowa and New Hampshire and still lose.
You could make the programs revenue neutral and ensure that every cent goes where it's intended rather than government coffers.
GST isn't regressive, it's entirely based on consumption - the more you spend, the more you pay. If anything it's progressive.
That's actually just your opinion on what qualifies as regressive, what we're arguing has been argued about the GST many times with no definitive answer - opinions among experts vary. In my opinion, which I am entitled to despite your clever phrasing and deft use of the dictionary, GST is progressive because high earners do tend to pay more of it while lower income people tend to get a GST rebate cheque in the mail and an income tax exemption of $11,327. With the exception of the super rich, the higher your income, the more you tend to spend, the more GST you pay. You shop in more expensive stores, you buy more expensive things, you eat out more at nicer restaurants, and you pay taxes on everything. In my case, probably 80% of our transactions are exempt.
The buck has to stop somewhere. I've had a few dealings with Microsoft lately, and it's been completely underwhelming. Nothing works, nobody seems to know how to fix it, and nobody seems to be in charge or responsible for anything. I once swore I'd never go back to Apple, but this is the last generation of Microsoft hardware/software that I will ever own.
The Bank of Canada could have done a few things in the past five years to curtail our growing household debt, but instead made the problem worse by doing nothing. Every quarter there would be rumours of an increase, but it never happened - and the benefits of keeping the rate low also never materialized. Meanwhile, people made real life decisions based on the fact that they thought that rates were increasing at some point - like locking down mortgages at higher rates than they would be paying for variable. My wife and I did that for half of our mortgage (we split it), a decision that cost us about $8,000 in interest over the past four years.
Raise rates? There was a bit of an economic boom after 2010 that lasted until the oil crash, and nobody would have batted an eye or been bankrupted if rates went up to 2% or higher during that time. After the 2001 crash, interest rates fluctuated between 3% and 4% and the housing market didn't crash, or the bankruptcy rate explode.
Please don't pretend that economic experts and business journalists - people who do know what they're talking about - are united in their support for the Bank of Canada, there have been lots of criticisms about the lack of action and the impact that low rates have had on housing prices and debt.
No doubt there was some corporate largesse going on, but judging from reports out of the oil patch a lot of the oil money was reinvested in pipelines, plants and the expansion of operations and capacity. A huge number of laid off workers were working in construction.
Are you looking for a definitive definition of high income? Where I live the median is just over $40,000, and $50,000/year would be considered high. In Vancouver, the median is higher but the cost of living is higher as well - someone considered "high income" based on wages may actually be struggling to make ends meet. Rather than trying to focus on a one-size-fits-all income for your thesis, I'd recommend looking at three or four different markets across Canada - Toronto, Vancouver, Montreal and Halifax if you want to focus on cities, or pick four regions to capture rural communities as well.
We need a word for things that approach a Gilliamesque level of awesome. Gilliastic. Gilliacular. Progilliar. Gilliesque.
Interference could be called, but usually refs will wait for actual physical contact or an attempt to block out a player. This looks so casual that I doubt the ref noticed - and if they noticed I doubt they would call it because it happens all the time. It's up to the defenceman to control their stick and not get taken out of the play by a street hockey trick every seven year old tries to get away with.
It's hard to create carnage when you're driving at a third of the legal limit, enjoying the branches of the trees overhead.
Decriminalization is NOT the answer, it doesn't create taxes, regulate the industry and distribution, curtail organized crime, or lead to any of the real benefits of legalization - it just saves courts and the police time and money.
Squeaky wheel, no disrespect intended. Breast cancer outraises colon cancer 10 to 1 because of the people involved and their ability to organize. Men tend to think of suffering as our duty, and honestly probably never joined the dots between all of the fatalities and disappearances because they weren't organized.
Are you saying volunteer, or do you mean paid on call? There's a difference, and if those volunteers are paid to train and when called out on jobs, then it's a job and workplace standards should absolutely apply. As for the dying part, firefighting is an incredibly safe job in Canada. Aside from 9/11, and a few catastrophes involving forest fires (and those are usually not residential firefighters), it's a safer career than dozens of jobs. Commercial fishing operations, highrise construction, forestry, mining, professional driving, rail, agriculture, etc. are at a far higher risk. http://www.theglobeandmail.com/life/the-hot-button/and-the-top-10-most-dangerous-jobs-are/article16352517/
The root causes are the same no question, but the inquiry will look at far more than that - the resources women have to escape addiction, abusive relationships and prostitution for example, and the way prostitutes are treated by police. These are things that are important but don't have a natural male equivalent. An inquiry for men could look at things like gangs, drug programs, the prison and correction system, rehabilitation, etc.
The idea of filling out a form in this day and age is ridiculous. Put everything online and automate - only people who have changes to make or things to add outside of regular employment should have to file anything.
