condemn wouldn't push her towards the jungle path. it would make riven stay approximately where she is when she starts Qing. that's how condemn-cancel works. After the condemn-cancel, Riven will still be in vayne's auto range. a condemn-cancel on a fixed distance dash (like fizz q, or yasuo's e) is very different from one on a non-fixed distance (like pantheon's w) where the target will be pushed slightly further away outside vayne's auto range also riven needs the black cleaver proc to get the most movement speed to run away. she's also slowed by botrk, and vayne's got bonus MS from botrk. riven's not getting away.
syndra?
I was expecting the Lich King to freeze the water and chase after them... but then I realize they're out of time T_T
Yeah Malph could've gotten a triple if he W active autod someone one more time, then Q'd kogmaw.
How to do Lee Sin Spotting?
According to most people in this thread, apparently a bug gets caught in lee's eyes and he misses 100% of the time... wait a minute
Diamonds = One trick hecarims -&gt; All diamonds are Hecarim mains. Logic
Inb4 Ao Shin turns into the next Blind Monk
^what ^about ^rivershen? ^... ^I ^said ^too ^much
"How did doran fit his suit in that little ring?" - Donger
&gt; This Nami probably stole your ult URF mode nami?
Mundo backdoor tomorrow.
by sion.
*Bard &gt; I want to see his Bard hard carry. ftfy
[Yeah! Be Decisive!](http://gfycat.com/DisgustingTheseElkhound)
It's kinda awkward for Lucian
Christmas came early
To me, this joke was repeated for centuries
5 fingers. QWERT I bind T to taunt
annie stun isn't chainable. she still has cooldowns. learn to accept defeat, you've lost this banter
what if riot's talking about New Skin irl? for like cosplayers and stuff I'd love an Urgot Skin :)
You could say he's in the reverse Master League.
Riot just needs to bring out that MR sunfire thing from PBE so singed can get sum nice itemis
Whoever's urethra sphincter is looser will open up. Thus male kegel is born.
[NSFW] they will poop in your penis hole
You shared it to imgur. the calories obviously counted.
Work = Force x distance particles have a constant Force... the math checks out
How can life steal leave an entire team? what are their ADC gunna build for sustain?
they do follow the 5 second rule. just like how 7 dog years is 1 human year. 5 cow/sheep second is actually (how-ever many years grass live) in human years. That's why hindus worship them as gods. because they are literally immortal
so what your saying is... fences = mirrors. why don't they install fences in public washrooms? it's much cheaper
grils keep friend zoning me in taco bell. gg
then you killed him again right? double kill?
azir, thresh, velkoz also, rengar and ekko E if you count them as ranged :/
Yet another completely useless yasuo tip: Windwall is considered a skillshot and is negated by other windwalls.
why not just give his ult a leash range like W so that he can only go so ham without giving up his get away card
rengar's passive gives him 600 to ~700 range in/upon leaving a brush we're talking about autos. if we're talking about skills, then I would've included xerath Q, R, ziggs R, and shit tons of other thing that Braum and Yasuo don't block
meh windwall is pretty useless in mirror matchups anyways. it's basically just whoever gets tornado first, e-q to the minion nearest enemy yasuo for the knockup and free damage. or psych them out with random E's then Q from another angle
"boy, put your hand down." -judge rivington
There is no cure for autism. best course of action is to take preventative measures. get vaccinated for autism
because it's equal or opposite. it just so happens that it's equal 100% of the time
just add 20 before every 2 digit number.
More like S+
yes because mirror matchups are 100% 1v1 no junglers involved, no supports involved, no top laner with tps involved. strictly solo matchup.
It's called the shurima shuffle
Gragas took advantage of a drunk Ahri ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
I thought the Shurima shuffle's the whole combo. what's the point of calling his ult shurima shuffle when we can just call it emperor's divide?
So mercury's a sailer moon fan... I always took it as more of a dragon ball planet.
you need to sexually please your wifey and pay more attention to her. clearly you're a bad husband
just realized that Ekko's face paint is an hourglass. Zhonyas first item ekko, confirmed
ordis is such a troll
excuse my skinny arms http://sketchtoy.com/65293011 I drew it on a trackpad
just like a dalek...
false. newton's law applies in all environment (terrestrial and extraterrestrial). It simply lacks sufficient enforcement because the green lanterns (the guys enforcing the laws) jurisdiction only lies within certain planetary bodies.
took me 1 hour 1 minute and 3 seconds to read your post out loud... thanks for wasting my time
Alad V's real name is actually Christopher Walkin
You'd never be able to attain full stack of all arcane on all cosmetics in your lifetime without being having bajillion platinums anyways... I gave up on that dream a long time ago my friend. Nothing but broken dreams Q.Q
Not sure if anyone else knows this, but fully built formas, credit, and exp boost drops from void lockers... confirmed: lockers give better rewards than the mission itself. I think DE wants us to explore more.
variation and choice. suppose, syandana A isn't as stylish as before, so you get syandana B, but still want the first arcane. or a new arcane comes out, but you don't want to overwrite the previous arcane because it might be buffed in the future. Don't be that guy who wears the exact same T-shirt everyday.
They prefer to double team ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
5 minutes from now...
You would experience massive delays due to propagation delays, because the nearest clouds would be miles away. But yes, it would still work.
you're gunna get more than enough forma by playing the game. you almost get potato exclusively from random events and 3-day events
^pssst ^look ^down ^my ^pants
grineer rags... I think these rags would look a lot better, if there are more gritty dull textures in the game. Think of Gears of War armor except more corpus shaped (squarer). That is, raggy capes don't look great with the refined smooth shiny armor that tenno wears. We need more dirt crusted/scratched leather textures. for that rogue/strider look
no, mesa always had 3 passives. new excal's not getting a passive as far as we know. I think that was a fan idea back when people were complaining about getting excal reworked but seeing how great new excal's kit is, it's not really needed.
They just probably wanna introduce *** prime in a cool teaser trailer like volt p. any mention of he-who-must-not-be-named would probably make whoever's making the trailer's efforts in vain, so as good co-workers, they're never gunna confirm it directly. or the whole secrecy thing could just be a play on ---'s theme as a ------ -----
TwoGrakata
you get MR for getting a previously unacquired level on a weapon. E.g.: first time you get level 4 on a Karak you get MR experience for it. if you sell the level 4 karak, then later re-obtain the karak and level it up to level 5, you'll only get experience for 1 level. primes are not always better than non-primes, but most recent ones have a significant statistic advantage over non-primes e.g.: volt prime has the highest energy in the game, while older primes like frost and excal prime are merely cosmetics don't worry about the whole loki prime master race thing... I'm MR 17 and I'm still missing loki p system -_-
That's how a bendy straw works. use a normal straw next time.
[Sodium in, Potassium out...](https://online.science.psu.edu/sites/default/files/biol011/Fig-3-7-Sodium-Potassium-Pump.jpg) the question is "will you go out with me"
magnets... how do they work?
standard deviation of 0
grakata
also compensate them for the credits including tax... unless they're a super nice guy
The unseen blade is the deadliest
"Bye" -Devstream guys
They don't die. they go to a special farm where they play in the hay and and...
Does not recommend soloing
stallions represent male fertility. being a witcher, he probably feels self-conscious about those stuff.
I think the ogris fire is intentional. frost was aiming for that one grineer who called out "skoom"
[ask ironman](https://youtu.be/XIdEu9BL8IU?t=16)
/unstuck use for when you're stuck in any situation. 8/10 times it'll work. you can only use once every 5-10 minutes or so.
Never ever max out Corrupt mods unless you've done the math... e.g.: you only need 4 levels in fleeting expertise. it still pains me whenever I see someone do a maxed out FE because most of the time that sliver of extra duration can save you (avoid 1 missile, etc). Or you're selling it for plat
No Joffrey was way worse. He tortures animals and whores for fun. At least Olly hesitated... I think he did it mainly out of peer pressure and a little bit of anger
Jon's watch technically ended so he's no longer bounded to the brother's code... King Snow?
So the moral of the story is that killing okay as long as it's done in a dignifying manner?
little did they know... some random kid sprinkled that specific pile of snow with water the night before.
Theon is the smelliest
ARC ftw?
&gt; InMelissandreWeTrust &gt; &gt; and Fuck Melissandre ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ftfy
72
Dr. Mann, do not attempt docking
But... Ash DOES scale... his augmented 1 shreds armor and 4 deals "true" damage (negates all armor). just add a few strength mod, and efficiency and he'll hit like a truck while being invincible.
b-but... when I play, the Stalker only shows up when I'm leveling my unranked 2 forma'd braton mk1
Third!
When it happens irl, it's usually because some psycho murder's trying to kill you. So that initial fear reaction is perfectly justified.
"neither... nor" not "no... nor." structure and rhythm are nouns. google's your friend: http://www.quickanddirtytips.com/education/grammar/when-use-nor Logically, "neither nor" is very different from "not or." Since a majority of the guys there have programming background, this logical approach makes sense. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Exclusive_or https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Logical_disjunction in common speech, "neither nor" and "not or" can be interpreted as the same in case you're curious: it's "Mars' Atmosphere"
SALAD V... classic
should be more concise # get a list of numbers in english called englishNumbers ... counter = 1 # iterate through the english numbers for num in englishNumbers: # counter for the ordinality of letters total = 0 capNum = num.upper() for letter in capNum: total += ord(letter)-ord('A')+1 # found one! return or break if you want if total == counter: print num counter += 1 also alphabet's like: [chr(ord('A')+i) for i in range(26)]
Not a bug. A feature.
