Prohibitive cost vs value, underwhelming build quality, lack luster styling and performance. GM hasn't made an interesting vehicle in 40 years.
Looks like fun, AWD yes? Can hardly call it a Volkswagen anymore though.
An E30. I won't argue the downvotes, it was a little rude. I guess I'm bored because of the super boring Jetta. Does no one drive interesting cars anymore?
If you insist on subjecting yourself to bottom tier performance and craftsmanship that's fine. But don't expect the community at large to share in your fanaticism.
A remake? Absolutely not! A Sequel? Maaaaaaayyyybe. I could see Johnson take the helm. Hell theres already source material for continuing the story.
Thats what I said. Also the sequel script has been kicking around for years, it was turned into a comic book. They could surely tweak it to include El Roca.
Amazing.
Find a complimentary smell that you like and gradually overpower the purple stinky punch.
Are we still letting Audi consider itself a luxury brand? They've become nothing more than expensive Volkswagen. For when you *need* to drive a Volkswagen but can afford a little more so you aren't *seen* driving a Volkswagen. Benz is a 70 year old man in a Top Hat and tails with an aging trophy wife in one hand and a Martini full of roids and Viagra in the other. BMW is the handsome young yuppy douche bag jockstrap looking for his first ex-wife who everyone loves to hate. Most people would trade places with either given the chance.
Upset? You lack the significance necesarry to be upsetting. More like annoying. Now do you think you could stop pestering me you redneck piece of shit.
&gt;far more thoroughly than being yelled at on the internet. Especially considering he can't hear any yelling at the moment.
Looks like a LeMons car.
I'm confused, I see a window, it looks like the panel is on the ceiling but I also see outlets and a light switch. Anyway it sort of looks like the light board you use to look at x-rays and transparencies.
Wes Anderson is a boring pretentious hack.
8 Days wow, surprised it hasn't sold yet.
The target audience isn't the Accord anymore. Those guys go Acura now days. I don't know what the target market IS for that car but its not who it used to be, they've moved to other, better options.
My dad had an 86 El Camino with a built small block in it that he took off a friend for about $700. I wanted that car so bad but he wouldn't sell it to me, said I would kill myself or someone else in it. he was probably right. My first ended up being an 83 TBird Turbo that HE wrecked a week after I bought it. I still bust his balls about that.
In the past squad cars would have accuracy certified speedometers and police were trained to measure your speed based on relative speed to their own vehicle. A lot of places still do this.
Am I missing something? Whats shitty?
&gt;By 1993, the existing Mustang had started to get a little long in the tooth, and as a result Ford made efforts to mix up the car’s design to appeal to a fresher market. &gt;Prior to that, Ford had transformed the Mustang into a front-wheel drive sports car that looked more like a European saloon than the infamous muscle car, leading to an intense backlash from fans. The article has some facts out of order. The front-wheel drive model they're referring to *was* a Mustang concept but negative feedback led Ford to go opt for the Panther platform instead giving us the Fox Body Mustang. The FWD concept ended up being a Ford Probe. The Fox Body ended its cycle in '93 and the SN95 was well into final prep and production when that happened. Shitty journalist.
Ok, I get that. Its still what appears to be a standard issue stock R33, its neither shitty nor modded so......
Just looks like repairs to me. No discernible patterns.
Maybe you should be careful. Same platform, Panther is an umbrella term as it predates Fox and Fox is merely a SWB variation therein. Shit journalist.
R34 had bigs and smalls R32 had an intermediate light between the brake lights.
It is when its reclaimed.
LOL. Here's a [Spider](http://www.alfaclassics.de/tl_files/alfaclassics/fahrzeuge/alfa_spider_2_0_fastback.jpg).
Only back to R31?
Nope. Looks good to me.
Was it an eccentric vehicle or a mundane car? Also where did you see it, US, Euro, etc.
Not in 95. First gen Neons had great transaxles and the 2DR is SUPER light. Which is a great base for forced induction.
If I had to go "Crappy car" I choose you, Toyota Echo. Surprisingly light and its just awkwardly ugly enough to be endearing. I picture a full suspension suite, a throaty high flow exhaust and ITB's. Maybe a notchy short shifter.
Not having a sun/moon roof.
~~W20 MR2. Porsche 914 . SA RX7, S30 Z(Scarab).~~ Shit just noticed you need a 4 Seater. Okay than........ Volvo 200 series, W115 Benz, Series 1 Jag XJ (lots of existing kits for these), Type 2 Vanogan.
I'm seeing GPS tracker a lot but the unit 1 sticker makes me wonder. I'm thinking it might just be a wireless diagnostic adapter used at a shop that someone forgot to remove.
Distracting and heavy.
Its simply a fact of life that some people have poor taste. They just like shitty ugly things and thats ok. They tend to flock together and it keeps them busy and away from me.
Looks like the barrel of a pin connector, 14-16 gauge.
That color is fantastic!
Sure it will. "We really mean it this time guys"
You're going to want to replace that motor, I would recommend a crate motor of the same type. So it will be important to know what motor is in it when you start shopping. This will essentially resolve any issues the truck had or has under the hood. But its also important to consider the whole truck, is it really worth the money and the effort. Because honestly the investment to fix it **right** is probably pretty competitive with simply buying another clean example of the same or similar truck, a 96 F150 is not exactly rare nor high demand, they're everywhere and they're cheap.
[Noooooooooooooo](http://static.giantbomb.com/uploads/original/1/14520/1271712-batman_dead_robin.jpg)
Surprising lack of penises.
Right so he installed them wrong and presumably test drove it? Might have damaged something driving it like that.
It feel like it would be good to leave it in the top five. Its not as if it will be there forever AND its good as an example of good community response. nevermind that OP was a faggot, its everyone elses response thats important.
I just want to see my flair.
A fair point but is the one on the other side attatched to the doors? Cause for that kind of money you could easily do the powered ones and have the function available for the back seat on the drivers side too. Maybe its actually a structural thing for the doors.
Ok. Well if you want it fixed right and better than before it died, go with a Crate Long Block, lots of suppliers out there and it should be comparatively easy for your mechanic.
Where's the Astro Glide dispenser?
Isn't that the same two Red Porsches from the first image?
Awesome car and I miss mine everyday, never should have sold it. That being said they aren't *that* rare. I see them for sale all the time.
The objective word being "Everyday" performance car, the answer is non-existent. Everyday transportation will be autonomous and self driven, especially I.C.E. powered vehicles will be a luxury/hobby item only usable in select rural areas and private property like tracks.
&gt;but that would never happen in my car or any car I've tried it in. What are the odds. First fix your hand brake. Second, they're the same thing and they're supposed to be able to lock up the wheels. Back before the days of cheap traction control and ABS the "Emergency Brake" was viable option in certain "Oh Shit" moments. Also parking on unlevel ground. Now days you'll more commonly hear it referred to as a park brake because its become the least efficient option in an "Oh Shit" moment.
Adjusts the brightness of your instrument lights.
Put that on a resume.
That's not a wagon. But it is *AMAZEBALLS!*
I didn't mean new.
Did you try either of the cars I actually recommended. Also repairs which are more expensive are never happen are still cheaper than cheap repairs that happen all the time.
Bizarre. Should plop this down in /r/weirdwheels
... why?
Looks like a Yiff wagon. Wear gloves, goggles and a breather if you so much as go near it.
Texas portapotty. Just insert the conveniently located spout into your anus and shit to your hearts content.
Go electric man. Its gotten super cheap and easy to do the conversion and the Metro is a prime candidate. They can even be wicked fast and still economical.
I know what you mean. Have you considered a sport bike motor? Busa maybe.
Faraday cage to block incoming transmissions?
Is the Cougar really a ford over there?
The perfect gift for the effeminate Nazi Biker in your life.
And yet still they suffer the affliction that is the Cougar. So sad.
I'm not a scene fanatic, I have love for all types, they all have their niche and pros and cons. I strongly dislike GM because they haven't made an interesting vehicle in 40 years, but the only badge I loathe and would *never* support is Chrysler. Just too many poor choices, too many lost opportunities and too much wasted potential, nevermind all the feelings of disappointment and betrayal. Their only saving grace now days is Dodge and even that is a mixed bag of weird moments and fuckups.
I recommend fuel filter and plugs before starting. Maybe even a tank flush, the fuel is probably like sewer water, thats not even considering the possibility of destabilized ethanol eating up the fuel pump and lines.
Looks like an imitation [Smith &amp; Wesson.](http://www.shoppingwarehouse.net/prod-36039.html?src=gaw_mc&amp;src1=sw&amp;src2=gbase&amp;gclid=CMP3u4DZhMYCFdcUgQodzQIARQ)
Its not a vert top, looks like its the original Vynil covered top.
It looks like a rip strip. Like how some containers have a strip of material sewn into the closing, so you can grab and pull it and it pops the stitches and opens the container. I can't imagine what would need something that heavy duty to close though.
Meh its a french Sebring. I mean I'm sure it gets the job done but, and nothing personal here, who cares its a sebring. Than theres this. &gt;[Marchionne’s motives regarding securing a suitor may not be clear, but some analysts are sensing his desperation. Whether that worry is authentic or contrived, the best approach here might be for executives to simply wait and see.](http://www.autotrends.org/2015/06/10/fiat-chrysler-automobiles-no-takers/)
Right on. I think its because I can't make out the C pillar.
Probably better off with a 10K P71. PD Fleet services addresses a lot of issues and makes a lot of improvements in the first 6 months on the road.
I think a lot of this comes down to a materials/cost issue. There are certainly a lot of new interesting things manufacturers could do from a styling perspective but most would entail the use of new materials and technology. Which would have to be integrated into existing manufacturing and supply infrastructures, which drives up build cost and in turn consumer cost. Now you're competing in a different segment and you cost/value ends up slipping. It can be done but its risky and must be done very carefully. Ford is a good of doing this right over the past decade or so.
So when it fails what are his options? Do you guys have a green sticker ohv program or anything?
Maybe its where I live but the typical mustang driver is a man in late fifties who could find the speed limit if his life depended on it. The typical Prius driver is a soccer mom who's in a god damn rush to get everywhere and figures she's gettign such great gas mileage she can afford to gun it. nine times out of ten when someone passes me on the fwy doing ludicrous speed (I'm doing 80 in a 70) its a fucking Prius.
V6.... probably an automatic. Have fun in your less practical or comfortable Taurus.
They're out there enjoying their shit, probably not even aware of the trash talker crowd. Most of the time it seems like the only ones who end up feeling bad are the guys who sit in the hater circlejerk telling each other how stupid the other guy is.
Except that this isn't shitty its fucking Photoshopped so how can it be anything? *This* post is specifically about shit talking an individual. Its not a commentary on style or craftsmanship, its OP calling someone out for being different. The only thing shitty in here is peoples behavior.
[356 Coupe](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/31/3c/08/313c08db00b6dc2a8de711da18a389d9.jpg)
There aren't necessarily any visual cues you could really rely on as being accurate and consistent. At least none that you yourself haven't already hit on. Honestly it comes down to a certain amount of knowledge and familiarity. Spend some time reading up. When you notice a car you think is interesting make a note of what it is and do some research.
Do you not? Do you even understand the concept? Every car has camber.
Lots of good advise ITT. As a car guy and knowing car guys I would think your Grandfather would really enjoy imparting knowledge on you. Tell'm straight up that you know next to nothing and ask a lot of questions. He'd probably love to point things out and explain things.
A lot of electrical stuff, C.O.P.s are notorious on the modular V8, power steering lines tend to be blow the fuck up in the first year for some reason, little things like that.
The fact that it has zero degrees of camber is not the same as not having Camber. Camber is a measurement that is applicable to ALL vehicles. The fact that this shit has to be explained to you retards shows that you're not qualified to have an opinion on the matter.
Sort of like a Sex Swing.
Look. If you want a Mustang, buy a proper Mustang. If you want a v6 to save gas, get an economy car. Why buy a car thats bad at two things and good at none? It just doesn't make any sense.
I remember this, didn't the cop end up getting in trouble cause he was on duty.
TIL some car enthusiasts got into the hobby because of a deep seated hatred for all cars, especially their own.
Another reason I like the Battlewagon scene. They go offroading in snow and *gasp*, run tires appropriate to snow. Unlike the hillbillies that run 14" wide swampers on their 24" lifted pickups and die a cold and slow, if not deserved, death..... I sound a little bitter......
That is commitment to a joke. A mediocre joke. What did it used to be, is it a golf?
I've heard [the legends](http://uploads.neatorama.com/images/posts/222/58/58222/1360556428-0.jpg), like a swampy Squatch I never thought I'd see evidence of his existence.
Thats sort of a dubious open ended question. Theres a million answers and they all sort of entail imparting the entirely of ones knowledge and experience. In a single response lol. Try a more finite question, or at least narrow it down to a tangible scenario. BTW Thats probably an 18RG and depending on where you are it could be exremely rare. Its also a fantastic little four banger, about as reliable as a 22R.
A hahahahaha. A suitable end to a terrible car. I hope it was his dads car I hope it was his dads car I hope it was his dads car.
Not in handgun form though.
Looks like alternate mouth pieces for a cheap pipe to me. Take one to a smoke shop and see if a standard screen fits them. I bet they do.
[Look](http://cdn.gagbay.com/2012/10/daddy_look_im_a_unicorn-172009.jpg)
Wow. My dad was saved by a jeep too. His little DJ5 looked like half pipe after some guy parked a Cummins Ram in the backseat while he was sitting at a red light. Cool engagement story too.
