I'm very familiar with sarcasm. That wasn't sarcasm, it was somebody who was incredibly wrong. Just stop.
There's a link discussing it in the sidebar. Suffice to say, I'm still more than qualified to discuss the law.
Have you received a diagnosis? Are you getting counseling to help with the problem?
I don't think you fully appreciate exactly how much you don't want to do this.
I assume he's being blackmailed and he's trying to tell us that something is wrong.
That's actually brilliant. It's a shame it sounds like a slur.
Just buy a damn pipe like a normal person.
"Phobia of cigarettes?" Really dude? You should be rethinking your career path.
Ah, okay. Yeah, big difference. I took a look on angel list, they've got some solid people on board, and I'm sure they're going to get millions in angel funding before they ever really get started. Even then, they may never take off. OP is not in the same category. I also guarantee that their very first step was to pay a very large retainer to a reputable law firm.
I question the demand. Their video presents gas stations as this massive drain on time, but I just can't imagine that people really feel that way. If I'm in the car driving, I'm always going to be driving right past a half-dozen gas stations. The only way I can imagine using this service is if they were somehow quite a bit cheaper than anything else.
What does your contract say that makes you think they're in the wrong here?
As an Ambassador Extraordinary from the State of Colorado, I hold diplomatic immunity.
Yeah, this is the sort of thing that will draw DEA attention even in Colorado.
You need a lawyer in Nevada. It's really not optional for something like this.
You may not qualify for a PD, but you can try. Call the local PD's office and ask about qualifications.
That just sounds like a really odd clause. I'm not convinced you aren't misremembering it.
They only get one. After that, he'll have to serve as a slave on board a pirate ship.
How do you think I got all of my comment karma?
~~He should have his doctor call in another scrip, or just go without.~~ He won't have any withdrawals unless he's using way too much. If you go through a TSA checkpoint with this and get caught, you're going to get arrested.
Haha, I don't think I've ever been called out so much for a mistake on here.
Totally agree. He should sue, but damned if I'd ever expect to collect. This was a lesson that cost more than my Bachelor's.
Call the cops. There's no way this is legit.
Give 'em a call. They'll usually let you reschedule a couple of times. It's perfectly reasonable if you're going on vacation.
It's absolutely grounds for termination or corrective action. On the plus side, you may learn firsthand that welfare isn't only for people who don't want to work.
It's hilarious to me that people who misunderstand government functions like welfare also misunderstand government functions like enforcement of the first amendment.
We should do a /r/fictionallegaladvice thing for the next April Fools' day, like /r/askhistorians did. Although about 50% of our questions are already fictional.
Nobody thinks they're one of *those* welfare people, but everybody thinks they're the majority of welfare recipients. That stigma makes so many people afraid of getting the benefits they have a right to, it's really quite sad.
I heard you the first time.
I'm a proud patriotic American. I love my country, and have dedicated my life so far to making it a good place for people to live. And you know what? If I ever need it, I'll be happy to use the system I've helped support all these years.
Maybe he's not quite as employable as he's lead us to believe.
Mostly whisky, cigarettes, and little patience.
Keep working remotely until they fire you for not going onsite. Then collect unemployment.
Scam.
Good point.
Ever been submitted to a detailed screening? I have. They catch a lot, and ask about everything. I'm sure they'll notice a different name on the scrip.
Jesus. Screw legality, are you interested in ever working again?
He did. Just now. I'll agree with him, this is petty.
A lawyer you hire would be telling you the same thing. They can sue, and it would be expensive. You'll likely do more damage to yourself than anyone else.
That's the thing. . . Unless you're some righteous whistleblower, there's no good reason to be airing dirty laundry in the first place. Do what you like, and have fun being sued.
So /u/placebo_addicted and I were right the first time around? Excuse me while I smugly smirk at the 30 people who so firmly disagreed.
Oh, be sure to let us know.
I'm honestly not sure if the law says one way or the other, but I'm sure someone else will weigh in. It's tricky. On the one hand, I feel like that's not a very good reason to deny a handicap tag. On the other, I don't like the idea of a doctor having to write a prescription against his will. Because this is going to effect more people than just you, I think I would call a local disability attorney and see if you can get a free consultation. Many cities have non-profits that do this kind of work all the time.
To add to /u/grasshoppa1's good advice: there's no legal way to force them to take this down. What they're reporting is accurate, and it's an annoying symptom of living in the 21st Century.
Hey, no need to apologize. Nothing about your post seemed malicious, and it's the sort of thing that all sorts of people have problems with. Hell, I've got a few friends who came out as trans within the last 2-3 years, and I'm still the asshole that occasionally misgenders them. It's hard to overcome what you're used to.
You're asking if you can give power of attorney to an inanimate object?
I fucking wish. If you want the really obnoxious part, I was a pretty good third baseman at both the college and high school in that town. You can't find shit about my baseball career on the internet anymore.
I still haven't given up on my dreams of playing in the majors. One day, one day.
It doesn't sound like he's refusing to pay, so much as he's demanding that you also pay him. Did you break the cups? If so, you probably owe him for them.
Once you've reached this point criminal charges are the least of your concerns. He should be more worried about a big brother or dad.
Nah. It was still an asshole thing to do to the poor kid phonebanking you, though.
Sounds like you handled it exactly perfectly.
Cheerleaders are doing roids now? Damn how times have changed. Those donations help fund the school's endowment. It makes it easier and more affordable for people to go to the school. if you got any aid or scholarships from the school, it's good to pay some in when you're able to.
That's an interesting tangent you went on, but often those scholarships are on a merit basis. I, for example, got great scholarships because I had great grades and solid extracurriculars in high school. FWIW, I paid for the rest of it by working all four years.
Don't worry. He'll get six weeks into his first real job before they realize their horrible mistake and shitcan him.
That feels a little broad. I sure wouldn't sign that as an employer. That wording makes it sound like I'd be paying your lawyer bills if you get a DUI off work.
Keep in mind we're only a couple years out from a new president. It wouldn't take much for the new guy to direct the DOJ to start going after these guys.
&gt;It's a viscous continuum and sue me for putting an end to the whole pointless exercise. Do me a favor. Print that sentence off and save it. In five years, I want you to read it again. You need the opportunity to appreciate exactly how silly you sound.
C'mon, man. Don't wish that on his peers.
I don't work in disability law, which is why I recommended that OP consult a specialist.
Make sure she knows not to send any money. This is a very very common scam, unfortunately.
That's nice.
I'd recommend trying /r/RBNLegalAdvice. They'll do a better job of blowing smoke up your ass.
What did they claim?
Aww, you made a friend!
After the statute is up? No, that's impossible. After they first investigate the crime? Sure.
If you have to find a loophole to live somewhere, you need to find a different place.
Okay. Is there any reason you didn't have custody? I'm not trying to be accusatory here, it matters.
&gt; but this is something that is definitely not legal. How do you figure?
Sounds about right. &gt;any advice on what to do from here is appreciated You can: * Pay the money * Don't pay the money and get evicted * Negotiate a lower amount. The last one is not a realistic option.
I mean, it sounds like it could very well be a manufacturer problem. Having shitty products isn't illegal, or McDonald's would have gone out of business years ago. It seems like they got their money back, so I'm really not sure what else they could really expect.
Yup. There's no reason for them to accept a lower amount. This is probably their standard fine for this kind of thing. If you don't pay it, they can ding your credit report. Having an unpaid fine from a landlord on your credit report will make finding a new place to live much harder. Definitely worth paying.
Or the manufacturer's machine ran out of thread and they swapped out the wrong color. Or it's built on an assembly line and the person doing the lace used the wrong thread.
The point of the fine is to get you to mow the lawn. They set it high enough to make sure you'll mow the lawn next time, but not so high that you won't pay it. It's the same logic behind parking tickets and the like.
It's a cellphone and you know it. Nobody owns calculators anymore.
Are you in a position to care for the child now?
Eventually OPs will start to accept that "making me happy" is a pretty good reason to do things.
I would have kicked you out if she'd done that in a store I was managing when I was in retail.
&gt;Is there anything else I should know Yes. Avocados have more potassium than bananas and can help lower your cholesterol.
Hah, I haven't worked retail in many years now. And I'm really not the bitter sort at all. I've got a great life. If anything, my fault is hopeless idealism.
Or it's a troll that read the article. That's my money.
&gt;BBB I covered that by saying she could leave bad reviews. The BBB is just a non-profit with no real power. To top it off, their usual goal is to help create a resolution. The resolution in this case would be a full refund, and that's already happened? &gt;FTC Really? The Federal Trade Commission? For a poorly made dress? At the very most this could be some sort of false advertising, and I'm not thinking that's provable. Can she complain? Sure. Will that do anything for her? No. &gt;Help support her complaint Assuming she ever gets in touch with the manufacturer, they will say it's the store. The store, in turn, has already said it's the manufacturer. OP and her mom have no way of proving it's either, and they now have conflicting testimony. How does this help her? She needs to leave her bad reviews and go find a new dress in a different store.
You're asking if it's legal for a friend to ask him out for drinks and ask questions? No, I don't think that's gonna rise to the levels of harassment. Is there a reason why his former employer might be trying to dig up dirt on him? If all he's got is friends asking questions, I worry for your friend's mental health.
They didn't ask if you'd been charged? Really? Are you sure?
It's for sure extortion, you can call the police. Still, your felony charge is a matter of public record, and almost certainly something your school has asked about on your application. If you lie on that application you will have committed fraud. If and when they find out you'll be kicked out of the school.
Jesus. You hit about 10PM eastern and shit just gets wacky around here.
Generally you want someone who practices in the court you'll be tried in. That's the county you were arrested in. However, it's likely that an attorney in your county will have experience in the neighboring county. Assuming it's all in the same state, you can probably safely choose whichever you like best.
I know the case, but it hasn't stopped people from being charged for photoshop child porn since then. See my response above.
You should ask the attorneys who will need to travel about their travel expenses. That can get expensive quickly.
I bet they end up getting off after the appeals process is done with. They may not even get convicted. None of that is a cheap proposal, though.
So, I think it's important to clear this up here: *you* don't file charges. Your role in this is to talk to the police and cooperate in their investigation. They will then pass it along to the district attorney. *He* will press charges. You do not need a lawyer to do this, and you don't get to decide what the charges will be, or whether charges get brought. Does that make sense?
That's what I've been told too. Arguing about the validity of the delusions isn't helpful.
Shockingly, theft is considered illegal.
If I could get my insurance company to cover my nightly allotment of whiskey, I'd be a happy man. As it is right now, it's still illegal federally. The federal government does not recognize marijuana as a medical treatment, so it doesn't really matter if you have a prescription.
Did you commit any crimes that will come up in the course of questioning? For example, did he cut you because you cheated him on a drug deal or something?
Depending on the exact content of the call, it could be harassment, threats, any number of things. One call (if it's bad enough) can absolutely be sufficient for a harassment charge. However, OP will know better. I'm not his attorney.
Because somebody decided to ask me rather than you on the last thread, what are you being charged with?
There's probably an argument to be made that it would be aiding fraud even if it was a private employer. Similar to how it's fraud if you lie on your resume. He's not as likely to get charged in that scenario, but it might be possible.
Is there a question here? Or just a somewhat uninteresting anecdote?
It's Berkeley in the 70's, man. He's still burned out.
I blame Harvard. Besides, Kaczynski wasn't at Berkeley for the really fun parts.
