pretty long, if NKorea needs resources, they will threaten the entire world and the world will give him resources again. Also, lets not forget China and Russia are still an allies of North Korea.
that's your assumption, I can't downvote, the arrow is not available, dumbass
ehhh no, Bazoer is the best Ajax player with Tete, Bazoer deserves to be 78-79 and Tete 79.
What are your custom tactics you use? And what instructions do you give your players?
sorry mate and thanks
He's even good on LCM/CM
Yeah so true, he seems a lot faster and his attacking sense is amazing really.
Yeah true, not for that kind of money. Luckily I had IF Lamela and Lavezzi. Later I got Aguero, Biglia, Pastore and Di Maria. Now I'm thinking of just putting him on the bench since I he's great to come in and wreck havoc when the opponent is tired. Got a bit of money now so I'm thinking of combining other players with Aguero.
do the skill game, it really helps :) just retry everytime you fail or dont perfect it, you will get the hang of it
EAids white knights will come in and say that this is the realism we wanted and that EAids is doing everything right
I dont think the chemistry card is an issue, when you play him on a different position he often has different instruction, just put him back first and see if he plays normally again.
Was just about to post this lol
they are number 1 at the moment so what are you talking about?
I laughed, hard
I do, but you're obviously biased while I'm not a fan of any club. If Van der Wiel is 78, so should Tete at least. Bazoer is better than Klaassen at the moment and he's 79 rated. Bazoer should at least be 78 like Tete.
Leno
not really I've read it many times here lol
same, I dont get it why he gets praised all the time, if you want to guy for the title, Mane isn't good enough.
no one is implying that, you are bringing up a point no one mentioned in this, its just true he isnt good enough to make us a title winner, but that doesnt mean he shouldnt come or he doesnt have qualities.
Hi Palmer, I've been following the rift for quite some time, not as fanatic as I have seen other people do, but I'm still quite excited. My question is, which game in which setting/gaming setup has given you the best impression/experience of the Rift?
that's his phone
not on the first touch but if there's a guy trying to get it from you, you will shield it during the first touch
Another injury
Yeah with all the limitations he had, he couldnt get a few world class players he wanted, so what only remains are the old players and some expensive new ones he did get but aren't good enough yet
No they shouldn't, the players aren't that good really. They have a lot of potential, but they just aren't that good.
How is Mourinho any different than Van Gaal? Look where he brought Chelsea. Now before you say he won titles with Chelsea, LVG also won titles.
Unbeaten at the world cup isn't a relevant success? In 2010 he won the Bundesliga with Bayern Munich after a rocky start. So many here are glory hunters. You need to give him time. 2 seasons isn't enough to fix such a broken team.
Bale is great, Neymar not that great because of his finishing. But he still can score a lot and 5 star skills + 5 star weak foot. I got the money to buy Messi or Ronaldo, not sure which one I will get.
I play with Ronaldo a lot in FUT Draft and I love the way he plays. He's so OP. But Messi has better chemistry with my Aguero and Tevez.
Can anyone tell me when I should buy Ramos, Boateng, Modric, Neuer and Alaba?
Bale has more shot power which helps for scoring as well.
a lot of people dont appreciate logic but prefer to let their emotions run wild
he does often but players personal mistakes happen
I wonder how the fat man feels now that Rooney has scored
LVG - Liverpool 4-0
senor i think
Sold my squad while players were still expensive. My team now in 4-3-1-2 Ronaldo - Neymar James Rodriguez Vidal - Modric - Iniesta Alaba - Boateng - Ramos - Danilo Neuer Loving this squad, especially Ronaldo, he's even more insane than in FUT Draft because the opponents are weaker. Neymar feels like an extra CAM which is great because I play everything to Ronaldo. Which creates space.
Japan havent apologized for comfort women.
He wont add anything extra with the current midfielders we have now. A creative attacking midfielder with pace is needed.
Lukaku to Madrid? No way
they havent apologized to specific countries, like the Netherlands, we're still waiting for an apology.
yeah I think he's great as well, but I'd rather see someone else....I dont feel like Kroos can force a win.
exactly what I wanted to say, Shaw might not come back in time or properly. And its good to have competition. Im also sure both of them can play on the other side as well.
still would be filled with contracts and no TOTY player hahaha
Wesley Snipes?
yeah especially Ronaldo's height, jumping power, finishing, 5* skill moves, shot power, nothing compared to what Neymar and Messi have.
4312 with Ronaldo and Neymar as LF and LF haha
I've had that in FIFA 15. I started making another team but that fun only lasted a short time. Then I started playing other games or other modes like Pro Clubs which is great if you have a bunch of friends who play FIFA.
Get Marcelo, there wont be any better LB. Godin and Higuain will most likely get a TOTS so there will be better versions of them. Marcelo's price will rise more and more.
89 rated Benzema? I'll sell my Neymar for that!
True, it was the same in FIFA 15 :) Only Ronaldo and Messi are worth investing in if you have that possibility.
same, I used Messi as well but Ronaldo forces his way trough and always scores.
EA wants to add extra drama in their games, so they control it for you. That's why it happens a lot.
You're goddamn right
I mean, you must have studied the code for some time and been a part of the production process for many years to say no against what I've said, while my statement is an obvious conclusion based on multiple observations by hundreds of gamers. It's the JOB of the DEVELOPERS to create something that impresses you. How could you even reject the idea they wouldn't control parts of the game for you in order to achieve that? For example, FIFA have had sliders for a long time to control the game, increase chances of scoring etc, why aren't they able to do that in-game to create a dramatic effect? EA white knight spotted!
he will get a TOTS most likely or even an upgrade, he will reach 99 stats soon if he gets a big upgrade.
im so happy i didnt sell neymar for SIF benzema hahaha, dodged a bullet there
I would just wait with buying the likes of Aguero, get it after the upgrades/TOTS, or use it and sell it in time but thats difficult.
yeah or someone from the youth, but I think its better to buy someone with experience right now.
because EAids, many issues like this in many of their games require just an easy patch, but they just dont care.
exactly, they simply dont care
exactly, well said, too bad most people here don't want to face the truth that EAids are dirty manipulators.
dude, FUT uses it's own settings, it's not the same as offline playing. It's also been that way in FIFA 15. You've had more than a year to find that out and you still haven't accomplished that. Sad really.
its all her bra though, she has a korean c cup i guess, which is the same as b cup in western countries
Tancredi Palmeri, working for La Gazzetta dello Sport and beIN Sport says it's becoming more likely that Neymar will go to Manchester United.
you englishmen are just loving panic management. You seriously think the squad will improve under a different coach? Ever thought that the players are just not good enough? If you had to create your own club, and you can buy anyone you want, which player of Manchester United would you pick? Maybe De Gea, no one else is of world class quality. I think the tactics of LVG are too advanced to be performed correctly by these players.
thanks man this is great, but yes, I'm sure. The thing is, she's very slim and she got natural boobs, her size is big in korea, but here in the western world, its pretty normal. But since she's so slim, her boobs look bigger. Still, hers are great and amazing.
I'm confident in LVG's tactics and strategy, it has been succesful so many times. The only thing that's left are 2-3 world class players that need to be bought.
never said 11 world class players were needed
they sack too much to be fake
yeah true she 100% did her face, but her chest bounces really naturally. But she has money so maybe she found a wonder doctor
thank the leftist apologists in our country, they are fucking mental
delusional people who either don't want to face reality or people who live in places where they don't have to deal with refugees and other scum that came in trough immigration
well said
lol what, the current parties in the government are leftist parties. CDA and D66 are leftist. They both form a party with the VVD in the European parlement. And they all follow the wishes of the EU. How can you deny that? Also for some motions made, it required the help of GroenLinks.
they aren't right orientated, holy shit, how blind can you be??? The EU isn't right wing at all, it's a socialist hell hole.
lol defense being cut isnt a right wing policy at all, thats bullshit. They are spending a lot of money to donate to 3rd world countries, which is left wing, they are supporting the EU's leftist program, which is left wing as well. It's not a different spectrum at all. Its pretty much the same. Its not about following the EU or not, but the program the EU has which the Netherlands follows everything.
very true. but maybe they werent so sure themselves as well
when I see her I always think she isn't really 100% right in her head, she looks a bit crazy. Maybe she has borderline or something
hahahaha this always cracks me up
hahaha Americans, such a dumb fat bunch
so whats the difference really? it stops rolling earlier?
Frans Traitormans is already saying what he said before isn't completely right. Typical leftwing bitch.
Well said OP, finally a post that shows how it really is, too many dumb fans here have way too high expectations
I've tried it but there's no difference
lol what, how is it his fault everyone gets injured?
Exactly, LVG tactics was always depended of having good full backs
how?
yeah same for me, but its not the lag, they patched the gameplay
no it doesnt, because everyone knows its ridiculous
You're kind of contradicting yourself. It's because they are a mediocre opponent that they could play attacking football. Attacking football was always a possibility but now with a defense like this. It's way too risky.
Couldn't agree more
Man, I remember how shit he was at Ajax at the beginning, I just didnt understand why Frank de Boer kept using him, but then he kept growing and growing, and that Ajax won against Barcelona (Messi was missing but still), and Blind was one of the main players in that match. He made some mistakes, he was outran, beaten in duels etc. But still kept growing. Suddenly those 2 magnificent assists were made by him at the world cup, that shitty player, suddenly grows rapidly, and he keeps growing at Manchester United. It's such a rare sight to see really. I think almost everyone that watches the Premier League can agree Blind has been one of the most consistent players in the league and one of the better ones. It's just that his name doesn't reach the headlines a lot because of his position.
EAids at it's best
lol'd hard
mmh yeah I can see your point
hahahahaha
lol propaganda at it's best. Im sure many amerifats are willing to believe this
ask for the numbers. Also the percentage of locals who do rape compared to the total population of locals is much lower than the amount and percentage of refugees who rape/sexually assault people. So you can actually see it's a cultural thing.
Shouldn't we have the woman from Dorne in here?
