I've started re-reading it, been a while so I decided to give it another go. Lots of things I notice and appreciate more now that I did when I was younger. Phenomenal series.
Yeah, but...I see what you did there.
We know how easily it is to replicate something so replicating non-functioning pieces of a ship and throwing them together for an exhibit probably wouldn't be too difficult. (Even been to a presidential museum in the US? They all have replicas of the Oval Office, Air Force One, etc). Alternatively, they could be other ships of the same class that didn't have the distinction Enterprise did. They just slapped the Enterprise name on them for the exhibit.
Not a bar, exactly. But I think this place shows Chicago sports team games. http://www.tastechicago.biz/ It's owned by Chicago native and actor Joe Mantegna.
I may be in the minority but I didn't like any of the movies you mentioned. In fact, I haven't liked anything he's done since Reindeer Games and let's be honest, that wasn't a good movie, I just thought it was kind of dumb fun. I'm just saying I've seen nothing at all that convinces me. I'll wait for the movie but I'm skeptical. That's all I'm saying.
I know. But like I say, this is prrtty much my only indulgence. I rarely go to the movies, I don't buy antiques or have any expensive hobbies, i don't go to concerts or I work and eat. So i don't feel like I'm too much in the wrong by enjoying my one meal a day. I'm not broke or desperate by any means, I'm just frugal. But my girlfriend is about to be downsized and $5K or so would be a nice cushion to have while she's out of work.
I rarely look anyone in the eye but its not a lack of self respect. It's a habit I formed back when I worked retail. You get so many people blathering about shit don't matter you had to find a way to difuse the situation. I look at the chest, or neck, or turn my head slightly away as if turning my ear toward their voice. It gives an illusion I'm still paying full attention but If you don't make eye contact they either lose interest and cease their inconsequential babbling or they narrow their focus to the relevant information.
Y'know, pretty sure OP was joking. Much like me. Fuck's sake, dude.
Advantage was far and away the best for me. When I was a kid i hated the original controller. (Do you count the Game Genie as an accessory? Cause I loved that thing.) Worst? Power Pad. Never did a more useless shitpiece exist in this world.
"Sir, do you know what a Cleveland Steamer is?"
I myself never had any unfortunate nicknames but I nicknamed a guy Meatplow. I don't know why.
I guess it's not specific to our era but I think childbirth will eventually go away. As science becomes more advanced I think "test tube" babies gestated in labs will become the norm. It will remove the effects of childbirth on the body as well as the time and complications involved with pregnancy. Women won't have to take time off work any longer, for example.
If i had to guess, sounds like it might be this: http://m.imdb.com/title/tt0115208/ Mobile link, sorry. Hotline, 1994, starring shannon tweed
My cat has FeLV, too. While he's ok now knowing what will be the eventual outcone terrifies me. I cherish every moment I have with him. Do the same with Doodle. She seems like a sweet little thing. I hope she does well for a long time to come.
That's true. That's why the NES sitting in my closet is just sitting there today. That aside, the stuff it could do for games was pretty damn cool.
It was Holland's At Law.
I think we all knew that well before seeing the picture.
When I moved recently I had to keep the entirety of my house and most of my worldly belongings in storage for a month. I used 1800-PACK-RAT. Not too expensive, they drop the storage pod off at your place, you load it up, they come back and take it away to their facility and there it stays til you tell them to drop it off at your new place.
You know, a fella can google the shit out damn near anything. But there's nothing really wrong with asking folks for personal experiences. Next time you ask anybody here or even your friends or anyone anywhere for anything, pause for a moment and imagine them insulting you and saying "google it, loser." The man asked a fair, legitimate, reasonable question. Nothing wrong with that.
I honestly cannot imagine the show without Wes.
I'm allergic to citrus. I'll take apple-trek.
Three tricks will get you out of this: 1) Keep your cell phone to your ear and just start talking. You're distracted, they likely won't stop you. 2) Learn to say "I don't speak english" in an obscure language. French, though not obscure, tends to work well. Polish, russian, some slavic language works even better. 3) Learn "Sorry, I don't understand" in sign language. They will leave you alone in a flash. It's like they're afraid deafness is contagious. I always use one of the above tricks, I haven't had to deal with these people in years.
Perhaps I misread it and if so I apologize, but your response to OP seemed a bit condescending. *Am I the only one that knows how to use google anymore?* That seems to be the standard snarky response on reddit to anyone who asks a question that might not be too deep: *Let me google that for you...* Yeah, anyone can google, everyone knows how, I just assume when someone asks on something like this then they're looking for more than just the black and white, more than just some facts, they want some experiences, some real world information. So just saying "google it" doesn't really help and seems like sort of a pissy response. That's how I see it, maybe it's just me.
Yeah, screw that noise. I got a guy just started at my work and decided to start watching it after he heard myself and someone else discussing the show. It's never too late.
Inauguration? He won a political race, too? Busy sumbitch, that Franco.
http://www.reddit.com/r/Assistance
Someone's stolen a couple shirts.
Obama's coming to town two weeks from today, could be practice runs for Marine One.
There's two clean bowls of water and a fountain style water bowl with a filter, he's not hurting for water. He does this weird stuff sometimes. I'll find him drinking from the toilet if I leave the lid up. My other cat doesn't do this, it's just him being him.
Yeah, i use a fountain style water bowl with flowing water, he likes thst. And I put ice in it sometimes. Seems to fascinate him.
I don't have plants for exactly this reason. It's usually not a problem, he just decided to have a sip this time.
That seems to be his thinking. I usually use a sports bottle type but this one time...
&gt; right next to Forest Lawn I understand your neighbors are very quiet.
That's not true. You can work at BofA and visit the Reagan Library and...and...and leave.
I was in Virginia so it was Southern Baptist which happens to be even more ridiculous than the normal baptist. I misspoke earlier, I did actually go to a church once about ten years ago. Just to see what it was like. It was supposedly very layback non-denominational christian. The pastor, somewhat well known fellow, begins his sermon by saying "The Jews...theirs is a history of killing..." He didn't mean them getting killed, like the slavery in Egypt or the Holocaust, he meant all that killing they did. Like that time they killed Jesus. I got up and walked out. Never went back again. But I'm not anti-religion or atheist or even agnostic. Rather, I've developed a very personal spiritual belief system that's somewhere between judeo-christian generality, gnosticism and Buddhism.
Yeah, that sounds about right. We didn't have many catholics where I was from but I do remember some very strong anti-catholic sentiments whenever it would come up.
Sounds like he's overdue for his TJ surgery and a career ending stint in the bullpen.
Should've been a NEWSTIME magazine.
I've met baptists, catholics, jews and many other religious people who were wonderful, kind people. I've met atheists and agnostics were total dicks. And vice versa. There's different types of all people. Sometimes you get the good ones, sometimes you get bad. You've been lucky. I can't say the same.
Not a movie but I hope it counts: Anybody seen the pilot episode of Black Mirror "National Anthem"? If you have, then you know. If not...well.
I can honestly watch any other episode of the series over again even though I need a mental break after, like an episode of Friends or something so benign that you chuckle at a lame one-liner, some mental bleach I guess. But I cannot watch National Anthem again.
&gt;how much he hated being in Britain due to the politicians...our NHS If he has issues with shitty politicians and a shittier health care system, the US is *really* not going to make him any happier.
I'd accept that but the last scene of the series was Bob's reflection in Coop's mirror. If your theory was right we'd have seen Leland. Maybe they could re-edit the scene and put Leland's face in the mirror.
It's entirely possible we already have.
Lived across the street from a family who would have crazy parties one weekend. The following weekend they'd have a weird religious cult meet in the frontyard where they watched videos and sang weird songs. They were hoarders so the yard was always full of junk. Often there'd be one or more cars one of them would be junking or rebuilding. Sometimes he'd have a couple cars he was repairing for other people. They had a pit bull that tried to eat everything that walked by. It killed their other dog once. The eldest member of the family used to park his van in front of my house while he sat inside the cab and drank some modello and smoked cigars. Most annoying of all the entire family would park their cars in front of my house. There was plenty of parking in front of their own house and they had ample driveway space. But they constantly parked i front of my house. For no good goddamn reason whatsoever.
Transformer.
Ex, huh? So...she's single?
[Longplayer.](http://www.answers.com/Q/What_is_the_longest_song_ever_recorded)
Move to Sun Valley! ........said no one, ever.
On The Road, Kerouac
These are straight up fucking amazing.
Got to start somewhere. New York was swampland once. But now all of Afghanistan pretty much looks like this again.
Hannibal Lector
We were in a restaurant having a nice meal. Somehow it ended in a yelling match about why I didn't like Huckleberry Finn.
I test drove a Prius.
The Way I Mate by the Rednex
Rage Against The Machine on a Lexus
And then they caused a pileup on the 405
That's not even the point. From the truck to OP's porch motherfucker ought to at least pretend like it's a piece of mail for the customer not a turd somebody lit on fire and tossed at him and he can't get rid of it fast enough. Think about it this way. If you go into a store and want an item. They don't keep it on the shelf, clerk has to go in back to get it. No doubt that thing's been bounced all over creation and dropped and shaken and everything else before it ended up in their stockroom. But the clerk is going to come bringing it to you in his or her hands like it's precious to you both and you expect that. If the clerk comes out with it dragging on the ground and then tosses it at you with a hearty "fuck you very much for your patronage" then the fit gonna hit the shan, am I right? Why should you expect a postal worker delivering your mail to be any less courteous and respectful of your mail?
Yep, this 'un.
Took four months to get that listing. Friend of a friend. You'll hear the term "Circle of Influence" a lot, it's just fancyspeak for "folk you know." Evenings you can likely show houses for established agents. Lot of people want to go by places after work. Work it on your own, too. Check your local MLS and review expired listings, for sale by owners, make notes of who to call the next day or who to send mailers to, things like that.
Relevant username.
&gt; Can you ask your gf if she has any specific advice for female drivers? I'd love tips on what possible issues there are and the best way to navigate those. Take the 6 AM to noon shift, mostly. Lots of people to and from work, lunch breaks, etc. It's busier and you'll make more money at night, 6 PM to 2 or 3 AM, but the bullshit is worse. Lots of drunk men. Everyone has to pre-register with Uber of course, they have credit cards on file, it's not as if you're picking up a complete unknown, but drunk guys are going to be drunk guys. Never anything more than uncouth comments and suggestions. Still not worth dealing with it. Also, she does keep pepper spray in more than one place in the car where it's easily accessible. Never been any problems but better to have it and not need it than need it and not have it, right?
bing? That's still a thing? Seriously, though, similarly I told a friend about it, someone who would never normally consider watching anything with "zombie" anywhere near it, but I just got her to watch it using the "it's Veronica Mars-ish" pitch and she's hooked. Really well done little show, this one.
You don't say a bad word about Charlotte. Don't you dare. We gonna have words, you and me.
Nope. Not at all. Batman hassles Superman for about fifteen minutes, cut to the alley, "Do you bleed?" Superman hits him with a blast of heat vision, that's enough of that shit. Rest of the film is a Superman movie not a Batman circlejerk.
Ah, that makes more sense. Carry on.
uuuhhh....well, I don't really know what the other responses here are, especially that one...whatever it is. I don't read the ongoing but what I understand is this: Superman has a new power, a solar burst of radiation, big blast of raw power. When he uses it, he becomes powerless for about 24 hours or so. Lois figured out Clark is Superman and outed him to the media. Fit proceeds to hit the shan. That's all I got.
Girl I worked with got fucked up at her birthday party and on a dare proceeded to blow every guy there. 15 of them, sitting in a room, cocks out and waiting for her while she gobbled her way from one to the next.
Diphthong.
Well, she never had another birthday party. Never even had another birthday. Moved to Vegas, turned tricks for a bit then od'd.
At least she didn't ask for tree-fiddy.
Not yet.
There were no swordfights, just one after the other and she drank some vodka between each dick.
About an hour. There was some concern she wouldn't finish after dick #9, she passed out midway through that one, just out cold, cock in mouth. They jostled her awake after a minute or two and she powered through, trooper that she was.
What's that? Not sure I can make out what you're saying, it's hard to hear you from so high up on that horse. Would it matter if I said that I actually loved this girl? That she was my girlfriend when this happened? (I was out of town that week and wasn't at the party. Not like I stood by and watched or participated.) That I actually tried to get her clean several times? Some things can't be helped. Some people, too.
Like I told someone else, she sipped some vodka between each dick. Sort of cleaned it out.
They were seated in a circle but yeah, one right after the next. edit: I just got it.
The only thing you've made me think about is how and why the internet still has White Knights floating around. Get back over to /r/gonewild and try to save some of those "lost souls" maybe you'll get lucky, who knows. Whatever else, do everyone a favor and get over yourself.
To a certain extent that's true but as I told someone else, nothing in her life happened she didn't want to happen.
Most were all the way. Everybody finished but some had a helping hand of their own. She took care of it, though.
If she had given mindwarping bj's maybe I could understand but she wasn't particularly good at them. She was enthusiastic when she was sober (which was rare) and just sloppy when she was messed up.
Maybe "El" means "hope" in Kryptonian.
In a row?
"It was more fun in hell." "I have died a thousand tiny deaths and every time I died I thought of you." Linsner's art is some of the greatest I've ever seen. I was able to get my hands on a quartet of signed Dawn prints at one point. Absolutely beautiful stuff.
[You'd think that, but...](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crazy_Quilt)
No.
Dude, that was a daily occurrance and it was the least disgusting/weird thing that happened in our bathrooms. If you're curious, I wrote a book about my years working at B&amp;N. I can pm you the link if you're interested, I won't post it here lest I be accused of spamming.
Quit complaining. Few months from now when it's dark at 5 PM we're going to be longing for these days.
There were plenty of people who did it literally, so our guy is cool in my book.
Just in general, book of life kind of deal.
Me, too. She looks like she could be pretty hot.
I believe it's a habit people develop here after having to consistently swerve to avoid the idiots who just walk off the curb into the streets.
I live in L.A. and actually got to see if fly over my house during this run. It was a hell of a thing. I've been to the Science Center to visit it on display. Amazing.
It's possible that a "year" in Federation time isn't a "year" to us. Ours is 364 days but as someone else pointed out a Vulcan year is probably closer to 230 days. (Memory Alpha gives Vulcan as having a year 456 earth days long, however.) I have no idea what an Andorian year or a Tellar year would be. Supposing the theory is correct about a year being similar for all planets with advanced life inhabiting the "Goldilocks" zone is correct, then we assume Andorians and Tellarites had a year that spanned 200 to 400 days. So, just like they created a new method of datekeeping with Stardates it's entirely possible they created an entirely new calendar that somehow averaged the year of all four founding worlds of the Federation to create a new "star-year." (This is my wording, TNG 3.2 "The Ensigns of Command" refers to a "Standard UFP Solar year" which might be what they're using.)
I got one: "you're"
As an overweight dude, it's kind of annoying.
Actually, I believe this shit right out of this. I lived in Burbank for a while and one night, 2 or 3 AM, I head to the all night grocery and pass a parking garage. Inside the garage I saw it plain as day, it was well lit in there, big ass fucking cat. Exactly like the one you describe. Freaked me right the fuck out.
Every version of Windows.
Stoya
