Yep. Two great distractions.
Partially because of how believable it is.
Honestly, it sounds like you didn't do your research.
Accessibility code is pretty fucked. 99% of parking lots have many times more accessible spaces than they need, and 1% of places have nowhere near what they need. It means well, but has almost zero to do with the reality of the situation. For example, in my municipality, balcony thresholds are limited to 1/2" *from the interior*. From the exterior, the limit is somewhere around 4". What the hell kind of sense does that make?
These types of services rely on user reviews. I've had nothing but great experiences, but I pay attention to reviews/ratings. Using uber as an example, I've never had a bad uber ride, where my cab experience has been 50/50. Something like airbnb requires you to browse the reviews and ratings yourself, but the tools are there and they're far superior to any option that's come before.
You shut your whore mouth.
A small bit of advice. Digesting a the things you want to do to improve yourself is fucking overwhelming. Do yourself a favor, and sit down and break those things into single, non-overwhelming tasks. Faced with a complicated series of un-enjoyable decisions anyone will balk. Breaking "get in shape" down to the simple first step of "go for a walk" will not only make it much more digestible, but completing that simple task will build confidence not only in your ability to chip away at the larger task, but in yourself in general.
Look for volunteer work. Also gives you a sense of accomplishment, and is a good way to make real bonds with people.
Bad attitude mainly, but one time I actually was dropped at the wrong place because the dude couldn't figure out his equipment.
&gt; consider if low-e glass is in your budget If you're trying to use the sun to warm a space, you *don't* want low-e glass, as it is specifically designed to have a lower emissivity.
Sounds like a case of plausible deniability to me. That, or "I'm going to fuck you, but don't even try to be my 'boyfriend'".
Interesting. Did some googling, looks like it works well in cold climates if the low-e coating is on the #3 surface (outside surface of interior pane). This helps transmit the absorbed heat into the space. In hot climates, you use the #2 surface (inside surface of exterior pane) to help transmit it to the exterior.
Unfortunately, this is a very real problem for the military.
I like this interpretation a lot.
Hard to say, ain't ever been anything else.
Oh, I thought he was Gary
This is excellent advice. In addition to writing it down, I would email the boss about this to have a record that the discomfort was communicated to them.
Dirty Girl was a great example of this I think.
This big, throbbing, veiny upvote.
Is that where he teaches the 12 sexy disciples that he travels with to be 'fishers of men'?
That wasn't comparing apples to oranges, it was using hyperbole to illustrate a point.
Or an apple and a hunk of cheese
It's probably the sound of flatulance traveling up a urethra. That can't have a pleasant sound.
You have two sphincters. The upper one will let a little poo down to signal you need to go potty. If you hold it long enough, your body will get the hint and take the poo back.
Make a bed of chopped carrots, celery, onions, and garlic. Stuff the cavity of a whole chicken with the same. Coat the top with salt and pepper, cook.
When making a soup with thighs though, I just cut each thigh in half with kitchen shears, and debone after.
Changing your pillow case often will help too.
Larger vocal chords = deeper voice. Since size is strongly correlated with strength, deeper voice = stronger man.
Another way to improve STC that we use in high rises is to add an underlayment between the flooring and the subfloor. Something like this: http://www.soundproofcow.com/Step-Above-Flooring-Underlayment.html Additionally, you could add a second layer of gyp on the bedroom side of the walls, and possibly hold them off the studs with a resilient channel. This will help keep the sound from traveling down the studs to the floor structure.
Not to be confused with "Waffle Blue".
Watt
I think downvoting unpopular opinions plays a larger role than you give it credit for. It unites the general population of a sub possibly even stronger than the echo chamber does, while clearly defining what the subs ethos is by what it will not tolerate.
You dodged a bullet. There is a direct relation between how much time a girl spends with horses and how absolutely batshit insane she is.
They most definitely do. It feels like your driving through a movie set. Kinda surreal
Have you ever broken the speed limit, smoked pot, or illegally downloaded software?
That's the core of the issue though. It's understandable to be jealous of previous sexual partners, but with a little maturity it's not that hard to work through. The combination of her not being upfront with him, and her extreme jealousy of the reverse situation does not speak well of her. It strongly implies that she is insecure of him because of how she is in her situation. I wouldn't be surprised if she's cheated on him, or would given the right situation.
I'm guessing the ending will be just as disappointing.
You're right, but that doesn't excuse the poor design. That sort of defensive approach protects the interior but actually makes the streets more dangerous.
&gt;but money buys access Yes, and money used to buy movies. And music. And content in general. What the political machine has yet to realize - much like all content distributors - is that they are no longer needed or even wanted. The harder they push their product, the more the younger generations shun them. We crave authenticity, and there will be a tipping point when their sales pitches and branding efforts not only fall on deaf ears, but unite us against them in droves. This might not be that moment, but it's coming soon.
I like to think that dogs understand mirrors, they just don't really care.
Ok, this is slightly embarrassing. Started as a plastic bag I'd spit into for lube. I eventually used a pillow, various pillow cases, towels, socks, etc to make what turned out to be a very pleasant-feeling female torso into which I would place my lubed up sammich bag. Depending on what I used for stuffing, I could vary my creation's figure to match whatever I was desiring at the time. I've never told anyone of this, and I'm turning a little red just typing it out.
I never thought of it as anywhere remotely close to adorable, but thanks. That makes me slightly less embarrassed.
I didn't realize it at the time, but I was lonely as hell in HS also. Being in an ultra-strict Christian environment I had virtually no avenue to explore sexually. I guess I made do. Edit: kinda makes me wonder how common this is
Good to know I'm not so fucking strange.
You have NO idea.
Lol @ good lord
I like to think of it as zero is the absence of something, while null is non-existence.
"Fuck, this bed is uncomfortable."
Should there be people on our currency at all? It's probably only a matter of time before the design of new bills is sold to the highest corporate bidder. The McOne. The Trump C. Cinco de Starbucks. Coca-Cola's original ten. Dos Equis' XX, the most interesting bill in the world.
The Earth. We'd be floating in space.
"Either we open our relationship or I'm breaking up with you." We opened our relationship. She broke up with me anyway.
Or use one of [these motherfuckers](http://www.mardianconcretepumping.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/mardian-crane-concrete-pump.png).
No, she wasn't yet. I knew her enough to know when the 'change' happened.
Thank you. It was rough.
Wish I would've. Collected myself and decided to see if it could work. It didn't.
I know now :(
It was never exclusive, but it was never fully open either.
This was never exactly exclusive, so it's not like it came out of nowhere. I have had great open relationships since.
I would get my bow and baseball bat, load a bag up with as much food and water as I can carry and head up to the roof of my building. I'd pick the lock to the access hatch and close it behind me. Not being able to lock it from the outside, I'd wait behind the hatch with my bow ready to see who else was smart enough to come up there. The ladder and opening mechanism I think are too complicated for the undead to operate, so I would just have to assess if the people that made it up were friend or foe, and if they had anything to offer. As the chaos died down, I'd start to search my building for survivors and supplies.
Yes, but there are many different degrees of openness.
Exclusivity is a binary concept, but openness has many forms. Like you, most people only care about exclusivity. Beyond that though, there's a myriad of different types of relationships that work for different people.
We had talked about it many times before, and I really did want one. She just went about it entirely wrong. And yes, in retrospect the relationship was pretty much already over, we were just prolonging it's death.
Maybe it's like Taco Bell, where she just reuses the same shitty ingredients over and over in slightly different combinations.
Chop celery with carrots and onions. Stuff inside a Cornish game hen or two. Place hens on a bed of the same. Salt and pepper, maybe some thyme. Generous tab of butter on each, cook.
Actually, not acting on the attraction would be more likely to have this effect. The idea of fucking someone you want but can't have is usually much stronger than the memory of fucking them.
Then gargle and swallow it.
They eat sunbeams! :D
When I cook brats, I first caramelize half an onion, then deglaze with a little beer and add half an apple, diced. Top with the brats and cover, simmering for about 10 minutes. Remove brats, and brown both sides in the oven on broil. Slice brats, and serve atop a bowl of the onion/apple/beer.
Almost forgot, add a bay leaf with the apple and discard before serving.
While fucking her, put a finger (or thumb) to her lips without breaking stride. She will most likely take your finger into her mouth, and suck on it while you keep fucking her. If this is obviously turning her on say something along the lines of "fuck, that feels amazing. I want to feel those lips on my cock".
When I cook brats, I first caramelize half an onion, then deglaze with a little beer and add half an apple, diced. Top with the brats and cover, simmering for about 10 minutes. Remove brats, and brown both sides in the oven on broil. Slice brats, and serve atop a bowl of the onion/apple/beer.
I believe that was a bwink.
Interesting. That's the only explanation here I hadn't heard before.
I have an issue with this point of view. If you have your shit together, and are patient and loving, you can actually fix people. I have done it several times, and had it done to me. This won't end how you are thinking though. You won't magically make them into who you want them to be, and live happily ever after. Every time I've experienced it, or seen it happen, it's a temporary relationship by its very nature. After the wound that drew the person into the relationship is healed, that relationship has ran its natural course. This can lead to an amazingly deep friendship, but if continued past its natural end will usually hurt one or both parties.
I was hanging out with my brother when he was working as a ranch hand one semester to make a little money. He was showing me around, and we were walking among the cattle when it started to rain. Most of them walked over to cover, but one cow tried to hide its head under me to escape the rain. I stood there, getting soaked in the rain, cuddling the shit out of this adorably stupid cow's face. I would say this counts as communing with a cow.
To me it seems that the licensing/exams/qualifications have been successfully made obsolete via a well-crafted app. And with those, the fees. Like so many industries these days, they are fighting to hold onto their monopoly when it is no longer needed.
This is a shit article. It touches briefly on fireproofing, but speaks nothing of the larger challenges of building such a structure out of wood. Is it structurally feasible? What would it take to laterally stabilize such a structure, or to dampen the inevitable swaying/vibration? What are the benefits? Does the greener material balance out the unavoidable increases in volume of material needed? If you want to write an article about a wooden building, write an article about a wooden building. If, instead, you decide to compare it to an icon you should, you know, *actually compare it to that icon*.
The best head you will ever get from a woman is after you have given her 2 or 3 orgasms.
Not necessarily. If you're doing it right, she may not be able to focus. Depends on the girl.
This is a quality in nearly every artistic profession that I refer to as masturbatorial. The field isolates itself from it's end users, and developed a language that nobody outside of the field understands. This exacerbates an already alienating situation.
Um, no. Teeth can be used very effectively during head if a girl knows what she is doing. If she doesn't though...
I'm sorry to hear that.
Empathy, dude. Focus on her, and her pleasure. Not only will it improve your performance exponentially, but it will ensure your enjoyment despite any other factors. Let her pleasure give you pleasure.
Yes, this is quite amazing as well. Best head I've ever had was from two friends of mine. Started out with them both going down on me, then one gave the other an orgasm while she continued to go down on me then rejoined her. The the other returned the favor. It was fucking hot.
My [favorite ramen recipe](http://i.imgur.com/pO0DH.jpg). Also uses a peanut-sriracha combination. They go wonderfully together.
If you die with $1m in the bank, that's $1m of fun you never got to have. If you die $1m in debt, that's $1m of fun you had that you never had to pay for.
As an architect, I like this explanation more.
Didn't the real story end with season 2, and they literally tacked s3 on to bleed more money out of the popularity?
Would you say they're tiny bears that care?
A jar of mayo does make a very unique sound when used as a masturbation aid.
&gt; Since the cop was so intent to find heroin trafficking in the conversations he was listening to, he may have convinced himself that this is what the driver was talking to someone else about. And, actually, he may be right. The man in question may actually be a heroin smuggler. He still has the right to due process however, and ignoring that right is a huge misstep on the cop's part even if the man was doing as he suspected.
I'm guessing they're veneered steel to get the strength needed. My issue is with calling them 'origami', since they're not made from one uncut square of material.
Minor detail.
I think that door works, because it functions by two squares folding. Very origami-like.
I'm in a similar situation, and it can be exactly amazing as it sounds. Be careful though, jealousy can spring up in weird places. Is she ok with you kissing them? Giving them oral? Going out of town with them? Find out if there are any particularities that are out of bounds, and communicate *profusely*, especially at first. Talk through everything so you don't hit any unexpected snags. Most importantly, have fun you lucky bastard.
Wat
As an architect that also smokes, smoking indoors is absolutely disgusting and can actually lower property values.
You know, I really do admire your enthusiasm.
You know, I really do admire your passion.
I'd like to think he got a new paper sorter just like everyone else in the office, but Lisa decided to bring his to him personally.
