This post would be true if GG had died down, but they haven't. They show up to conventions with stupid MRA shit at diversity in gaming discussing and get kicked out
Rand Paul has to be the least progressive candidate in the running.
So Andrew luck if a bad qb?
Ah, I see my mistake. Tables don't work well on my mobile app and I was reading from the wrong table in the classic difficulty. Thanks!
OMG did you actually read that article?
It's only use to me seems to be extracting money from trades that were going to happen anyway. What you're saying is you like the investment vehicles that you can use because of them?
Well your argument doesn't make the point you were attempting. It was the entirety of your post.
Why is that an exciting proposition? The worst thing about fallout 3 was the way it deviated from fallout not in the ways it was similar
We register where we live to vote...
It's not crazy, we saw one get turned into a walker on the show
You wouldn't believe how hard it is for me to find women's clothes at reasonable prices.
WiiU has been out for 2.5 years...
I'm pretty sure it's going to be Olly killing Jon.
What 12 year isn't constantly masturbating and thinking of every girl he's ever met?
Yeah qyburn tons cercei that he will be the hand
I remember tons of people getting married in that day.
I don't think he was saying sacks are all that matter. He's saying fairley never plays and when he does he's only rarely very good.
The only people who were free in this country up until very recently were rich white men.
[Spiderman renew your vows](http://kotaku.com/tomorrow-s-spider-man-comic-undoes-one-of-marvel-s-stup-1708455771)
Lower gravity would make pissing less forceful, though.
Wait, so the buster sword I have already won't work for Zack and braver isn't going to be good anymore? Shit....
They said he was tampering with the alarm. As in damaging the facility where they were staying.
Just look at what he did when Calvin was hurt.
Those hones, though
Splatoon
Were they writing the time just for Arizona? Yay it's up now!
I don't think you know what ad hominem means...
There no evidence that the IED thing is on the up and up and ton against it. And yes, dead IDF agents are better than deaf children, although it's a false choice. I take issue with the way you've characterized Vietnam, too. They came home to shouts of "child killer" because of shit like mei lai
Lol, that's not how it works.
http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2013/03/godwins-law-mike-godwin-hitler-nazi-comparisons.html
Jackanapes really cannot be effected by elemental damage.
No, we don't really know how beric revives people or how Melisandre does her magic. Just that they believe it comes from the red god. There's no evidence the gods actually exist only that people believe in them. Which is awesome to me.
Except men's bare chests were treated the same way decades into the 20th century. Men fought for the right to go topless and the scandalousness went away. The same will happen with women. There are places where showing an ankle is a sexualized behavior, but over here where most skin is normal - we don't have freakouts over exposed ankles.
No, I mean that communal living and helping each other are human nature and looking out for number 1 is a byproduct of a terrible system we've built.
Cowards do tons of impressive things
Homeland security didn't exist before 911...
Male chests have also been securely selected for their current form...
I know some people called it a busy, but that was largely agenda driven. Colbert is the standard other people doing the dinner are trying to live up to now.
The $20 plain T-shirt is also made with slave labor.
So you're all right with ballghazi?
You're not a racist, but your team was started by racists. Was the last team to integrate. Was proudly the ask white team and uses a racial slur as it's nickname.
They even absorb dark.
How do they have separate online ranks? You can only connect your nnid to one profile. My wife and I are just playing with the same name. We're tearing it up. Especially her though.
Release - Pearl Jam. My dad died when I was a teen, which naturally means we weren't getting along so well when it happened &gt;oh dear dad &gt;can you see me now? &gt; I am myself &gt;like you somehow &gt;I wait up in the dark &gt; for you to speak to me &gt;I'll hold the pain &gt; release me!
Just Suh and a couple rotational guys.
They're knocking him because Calvin is on his team.. Dumb
But lightsabers are lightsabers.
Rookie caps end up costing a lot of borderline veterans their jobs.
Items are #Daggers * 3* Orichalcum Dirk V * 3* Maneater VI * 4* Swordbreaker VI #Staff * 3* Aura staff IV #Bow * 3* Elven Bow V #Book * 5* Healing Grimoire (Core) #Shield * 5* Genji Shield IV #Hat * 3* Lamia's Tiara V * 3* Red Cap VI #Armor * 3* Demon Mail III * 4* Crystal Armor V ----- Then I got the Murasame on the single pull. Anyway, I had some questions. Is healing grimoire any good? Should I combine my Genji shield to make a 6* Genji shield or keep it for double the Genji shield?
Korrasami forever
I think you're underestimating the time since you've seen it.
It's sasukes.
I couldn't make it through. "Clocks in" "Clocking in" Over and over, often in one sentence after the other... Clock clock clock clock clock clock clock clock clock
I'm expecting it to be just like the smash bros dlc
This was a joke on bill and Ted.
Maybe you should go rewatch some xena before making stupid comparisons like that.
Why should the French government be able to censor what bad press my search engine in the US links to?
That would be adequate if they were sending the notice to the sites actually publishing the information rather than going after Google.
There's not a chance the US would support a law that says doctors should be able to demand search engines hide results that show newspaper articles about their malpractice suits.
Why would I support the American Vincent censoring French search results?
And yet the case used was a doctor who didn't want people to find out about his malpractice suits. That seems like a public interest to me.
It's still on the internet, it just won't show up on Google.
If you'd read the case that started this shit, you'd know you're full of shit. This whole thing started because a doctor wanted links to news articles about malpractice suits against him not to show up when his name was searched...
If you'd read the case that started this shit, you'd know you're full of shit. This whole thing started because a doctor wanted links to news articles about malpractice suits against him not to show up when his name was searched...
France would have to spend a ton of resources setting up a China style firewall.
No, Europeans just don't have any concept of free expression. All sorts of speech is criminal over there.
Huh? How is it remotely like that?
Google isn't displaying information.
So people don't have a right to know that their doctor might kill them? I think they're doing it for two reasons. Primarily, the law is ineffective - French people are just searching from other regions websites. Secondly, they want money from Google. I think it's interesting that French people who "value privacy" so much, are proving that they think they are entitled access to this kind of information just like Americans by their behavior (circumventing the .fr site to get access to data that's being removed) France and the EU really only have one option of they want this kind of law to be effective. A great firewall China style.
Has it really been out that long?
I misread and thought he said FE10
I completely misread that
They should, they don't actually need facilities in the EU to make money selling ads to people. Then we can keep our open internet
It's really the only way for the NFL to continue to grow and profit. North America is a saturated market for the NFL, all they can do to make more money from us to try and squeeze more from existing fans.
It would be USA gold with Canada Japan and Mexico fighting for silver and bronze
Right!
Except we know it's not true. Every rape victim who wants to see her attacker punished has to sit through defense attorneys slandering her and bringing up her sexual history and manner of dress as if it's somehow relevant. Then there's cases like with Love Bryant and Ben Roethlessberger and the Steubenville thing.
&gt; only 46% percent get reported Don't you think that supports the conclusion of rape culture existing?
Huh?
&gt;inherent shame of being a victim of a sex crime Why should the victim be the one shamed?
Bringing Phoenix is a good idea, I am going to copy you now.
We're in the catch-up window right now aren't we?
That's kind of funny. I also didn't know he was coming to Detroit.
Shame isn't inherent in being victimized and shame vent is internalized stigma. I know many women who are not ashamed of the things that happened to them.
Imagine how any other company would be treated of they created DLC that you could freely share with your friends. You're being ridiculous.
It's average priced DLC that unlocks in multiple games, isn't tied to your account or console and is an added bonus with popular figurines. Again we're Microsoft, or Sony implementing cross title freely sharable DLC they'd be sainted by gamers.
BTW if you haven't.. Brutal legend is fun even if all its parts don't seem to fit together.
Im probably not getting happy home designer, but kk slider is awesome.
He's changed since then, don't you think?
Or you're just doing trigonometry..
What did Sony do that was impressive? They let people know that Yu Suzuki was doing a Kickstarter and that square was going to ruin ffvii. It had literally nothing to do with Sony.
And I already have an elven bow, rube staff+, lamias tiara, and black belt gi so there will be a lot of combining here. Still none if these things are IX synergy :(
How exactly do I watch the digital event. Particularly on my WiiU, because the website is pretty broken on the web browser.
No, they aren't translating then at all, just writing Japanese sounds with English letters. Sehkret? Ugh. Orthoros? They don't even go with Orthos.
I made the same mistake when I started, I didn't even understand how combining worked and thought the katana and glove that the shinra tower event have me were worthless.. Oops
I S/L constantly, one or twice per stage usually, more on bosses.
Hurray! Right after I finished the other dungeons! And my 6* trident ++ is going to be amazingly great!
And when they made that decision, it didn't have any games to play. So they bought it just so they could watch The Matrix
Jeremy was the last video before do the evolution..
That album has so many just raw emotional songs, I'm glad there isn't a video for most of them. Release still makes me cry every time.
