USS Liberty was an accident of friendly fire. Israel admitted to that and paid restitution... long long time ago - 48 years ago. USS liberty was the civilian cargo vessel Simmons Victory converted to carry electromagnetic audio-surveillance devices to spy on Israel during a time of war. Next time, don't try to get close to spy on a country which is in the midst of a major war with its enemies. Even Egypt which was at war with Israel then thinks so. Read it [here](http://www.egyptindependent.com/node/515763). Anyway, the truth is "*Both the Israeli and U.S. governments conducted inquiries and issued reports that concluded the attack was a mistake due to Israeli confusion about the identity of the USS Liberty.* *In May 1968, the Israeli government paid US$3,323,500 as full payment to the families of the 34 men killed in the attack. In March 1969, Israel paid a further $3,566,457 in compensation to the men who had been wounded. On 18 December 1980, it agreed to pay $6 million as settlement for the U.S. claim of $7,644,146 for material damage to the Liberty itself.* *On December 17, 1987, the issue was officially closed by the two governments through an exchange of diplomatic notes.*" **This was the first and ONLY(!) incident, 47 years ago, where Israel killed (friendly fire) American Soldiers.** If anyone think that today, 2015, or since this incident in 1967, that Israel is trying to kill Americans or hurt them, then they are delusional. Israel is the best friend of the USA, more than Europe, Russia, China, South America, etc. Better to concentrate on the real enemies of the USA instead of unexplained and irrational hate for Israel.
I don't think that Jordan will become Lebanon. Hashemites and "Palestinians" look the same, speak the same, same religion, same everything! There's not a single difference between the local Arabs in Israel versus Jordanians or Egyptians. Lebanon had the issue of Christians versus Muslims. &gt; I feel that the only long term solution to the conflict must involve that the Palestinians learn that their actions have consequences, I agree, but you need 50-100 years for that to happen. And it will happen, because there's nothing genetically wrong with Arabs or Muslims, including those in the Israeli area.
Zachos, as I said, and Uncanny agrees with me, it's better for the local Arabs in Israel to be Jordanians under an absolute tough Hashemite king of Jordan.
What's the big deal here? A mentally retarded woman, and her wonderful parents, retract her story that "Palestinians" raped her. **Every day, in Israel and all over the world,** women retract their false accusations that a man raped them. Much more important is to check what will happen to a modern dressed woman walking in Arab villages or any Arab country.
... and also if the "Palestinians" did not have the terrible political and religious "leaders" they have. As for "intellectual" idiots: it's a mental illness. Simple example: while 99.9% of doctors and 99%+ of the population know and believe that vaccination is good, "intellectuals", many of them in Silicon Valley in California, believe the exact opposite and they are speaking out of great "knowledge". Add hate to the mixture, and you increase the number of intellectual idiots. Simple example: animal lovers who terrorise anyone who think slightly different than them (while they feed their beloved cats and dogs with meat... from animals). They are driven by hate to "animal haters" who barely exist in the whole world.
I just said: no such thing as "Palestine" or "Palestinians". Actually, it's **TOTALLY Israel's fault** that we hear today about "Palestine" and "Palestinians". You agreed with me!!!! We agreed that if in 1967, if Israel did not liberate this land from the Jordanian and Egyptian occupation, then today will not hear about "Palestinians" and a "Palestine" for them. Am I right?
Are you really believing that the local Arabs would fight and create a "Palestine" for themselves without Israel help or consent ? Remember: Israel consented to the idea of "Palestine" in 1948 while the Arab countries did not.
Never was there a nation called "Palestinians ". Find me a descent history book that says otherwise. Israel created this nation because A Israel was restablished in 1948, B Israel liberated the local Arabs in 1967. Say a big "thank you! " to Israel and nothing to all Arab countries or the leaders of the Arabs. As for the name "Palestine", it's not "philistines" in Arabic. There's a separated word in Arabic for the ancient and proud nation of the philistines. Just like in Hebrew : palestinim versus plishitim. Check it, please.
Really? Are you saying that it's better to be a Jordanian or Egyptian than "Palestinian" in a "Palestine"? Actually no need to answer: you already said that you are fine if there are not "Palestinians" and, instead Jordan occupied their land and called them "Jordanians" (which they did not).
Yes, I got it. You are more anti-Israel than pro-"Palestinian". You don't care about "Palestinians", like all Arabs. You care more about "Bad Israel" ... because of "Palestinians" and other excuses. For you it's fine if Jordan occupies the land and make the local Arabs as "Jordanian" under a tough Hashemite king of Jordan. But god-forbid if Israel liberates this land to wait until the local-Arabs grow up and are ready to run their own peaceful "Palestine" for themselves. **Israel was never ever against the idea of a "Palestine" for the local Arabs!** But you and all the Arab countries are actually against this idea. Hypocrisy!
If a nation ("Palestinians") does not have history, as you just [correctly] admitted, then it's not a nation. Period. End of discussion. If I identify myself as gay, I cannot demand or expect a country called "gay country" for me and my "nation". In comparison, the Jews have 1000s of years of nationhood, including their own country Israel 2000 years ago, before there were many countries in the whole world. As for Americans, the land they were living in was not "Britain" or "France", so they were entitled for their own country... and they had a history of a nation for about 200 years before that. (Never mind the Indians who lived in the same place and never wanted a country of their own... like the local Arabs in Israel. They do not deserve a country, in my opinion.) Israel liberated the local Arabs from occupation by their brothers of Egypt and Israel. **FACT!!!** It's a fact because IF Egypt and Jordan did not occupied that land in 1948, they would have had their own "Palestine" country back in 1948. Am I right or wrong? LIBERATED by Israel! IT'S A FACT!!! Say a big thank you to Israel.
It seems that you do not like to find the truth, even when asked to do a simple google search. So, for you, in Arabic, the word "Philistines" is الفلسطينيون alfilastiniuwn. While "palestinians" is فلسطيني filastini. **CONCLUSION, and FACT:** Just like in Hebrew, "Palestinian" is not the same as "Philistine".
Americans fought for their independence. Long history of that. What do you want to call all the whites in America? Do you want to call them "Indians"? Local Arabs in Israel never fought for their "Palestine" country, before 1948, or during the occupation of 1948-1967. Once Israel liberated them, they started to fight... but not for their "Palestine" country! They only fight to destroy Israel or kill Jews. Nothing beyond that. **They do not recognize the right of Israel to exist!** You have no concept of what "nation" is! Nation is not a bunch of people who identify themselves as "same", e.g. gays or Xbox gamers, or "Fagestinians" as you called them. To qualify as a nation, you need history of fighting for your nation in a SPECIFIC geographical location. The local Arabs never did that. And I am sure you spend more time for the Kurds who fight for their freedom, and are many more people than "palestinians". Lastly, as for the FACT that Israel liberated the local Arabs from a 1948 occupation and only to this FACT we hear about "Palestinians" and a "Palestine" for them: You are entitled for your dissolution that "oh, Palestinians were/are a nation and only Israel, but not Jordan, Egypt and all the other Arab countries were in the way of them having their own country... where they will be free with all rights". Go ahead and convince others to believe this junk. Start with Arab Israelis. Let's see how many of them will agree with you.
Yes, same historical source for the word. Not a root! Please learn Arabic and Hebrew: the words "Palestine/Palestinians/Philistines" are not root for a words. One word ("Philistines") is the original, of a real nation, proud nation, documented in history and archeology, acknowledged by all Jews, in the bible the Jews believe in, etc, etc. The other ("Palestine") is Roman invented word that Arabs can't even pronounce and it was invented by the Romans to humiliate the Jews. The Romans also renamed Jerusalem as "Aelia Capitolina", also to humiliate the Jews. Funny how everyone (Arabs, Jews and everyone else) still call the city "Jerusalem", ignoring the Roman name. But for some silly reason, the Arabs will stick to the Roman name "Palestine" instead of their proud historical name of "The Philistines".
Yes, "Palestinians" are made up, but no, Israel does not want them to be part of Israel. Why do you think Israel want the Arabs in Gaza or WB to be part of Israel?
Arabs in Israel have equal citizenship. Also, they have more rights, freedom, prospects and democracy than any (!) other Arab or Muslim country, even more than a Saudi prince! Good luck with "equal citizenship" for the local arabs in their future "Palestine". Forget about it! It's better for them to be under the forceful control of a Hashemite Jordanian king. I agree with you here. So, leave Israel alone. It has nothing to do with current "misfortune" of the local Arabs. P/S: my hope, and Israel's hope, is that hopefully in 50 years, the local Arabs will be ready to run their free and full rights country of their own who will be peaceful towards Israel. But probably it will be in 100 years...
Again: the PA **never ever** recognized the right of Israel to exist unconditionally. Ask right now the leaders of the Palestinians if they unconditionally recognize the right of Israel to exist. **GO AHEAD** I would like to hear them repeat that "recognition" they have for Israel. P/S: don't bother with Hamas leaders in Gaza P/S2: The PA represent all local Arabs? When did they get elected?
No, I did not say anything like that. I will say again: "Palestinians" is a made-up nation. The million plus Israeli Arabs who live in Israel do not call themselves "Palestinians". Don't insult them with that name! They call themselves "Arab Israelis"... which is what they are: Arabs. Yes, all this land, and much bigger is a Jewish land, historically. Undisputed. I, vast majority of Israelis and Israel do not want all the Arabs in this land to be part of Israel. For example, at least 99% of Israelis, all Jordanians and all Egyptians do not want ever, never, Gaza to be part of their country. As for the WB, Israel and I do not want most of its local Arabs. So, some of it will be their country... when they mature enough and are ready for that... and the rest will be Israel... where the luckiest Arabs in the whole world live.
Yes, I do support settlement expansion! This is a Jewish land. The settlements are the only reason Arabs are somewhat interested in negotiation with Israel. If there were no settlements, even then there would be no peace deal with the Arabs. The settlements are not a reason for the delay in peace. When Arabs learn to live with Jews, then there will be peace. Am I right or wrong?
Sorry. They do not recognize the right of Israel to exit! Period. The Oslo Accords were never signed. I don't care about what happened in Oslo. I care about now! Please ask their leaders to confirm that they recognize the right of Israel to exist. Good luck with that!
I always proudly said that! Yes, it is a Jewish land. Any historical evidence it was not? Any reason why it's not a Jewish land? Yet, I will say **AGAIN** and maybe this time you will listen: I do not want Gaza to ever ever ever be part of Israel. Nor do the Egyptians or Jordanians want that land. As for the WB, most of it should not be part of Israel. Let them have their country in part of it. And finally, yes, the local Arabs, like most Arabs, are not ready for self-rule in a democratic free and full rights fashion. Why do you think otherwise?
Who is "we" and who does [unelected] Abbas represents? Who said Israel does not recognize the idea of the local Arabs having their own country? Bibi just said that, again, for the 1000th time, today.
No! Because the PA does not recognize the right of Israel to exist unconditionally. To begin with, I have no clue who the PA represent and why Abbas is its leader. So I don't care what the Abbas "head to the PA" says. Isn't he in "Unity" with Hamas who wants to destroy Israel?
I know you desperately want the "Palestinians" to recognize Israel, but they don't. The PA does not represent anyone. Neither does Assad in Syria, nor Sisi in Egypt or the king of Jordan. If you want someone or some party to represent a nation, then have a true democratic election! Abbas was elected once, and his term finished loooonggg time ago. He refuse to run elections again. You know why? Because probably Hamas will win in the WB. And now, tell me again the local Arabs recognize the right of Israel to exist? P/S: All this, while Israel totally recognize the right of the local Arabs to have their own country, even since before 1948.
No I did not change anything. I claim something simple: The "Palestinians" do not recognize the right of Israel to exist! Simple, short sentence. Now for the proof: This sentence is 100% true about Hamas and Gaza. As for the PA in WB, they never recognized Israel unconditionally, nobody know who they represent, supposedly they are in "unity" with Hamas and their leader Abbas is irrelevant about what he says because he's not elected. What's not clear about what I am saying?
I don't care what Abbas said or personal letters from Arafat about an accord that was never signed. Is that clear? I want to see a democratically elected leader of the local Arabs who says "I recognize, with no conditions, the right of Israel to exist, with the capital of Israel being Jerusalem". **ANY CHANCE THIS HAPPENED, or will it happen any time soon?** **NO (!!!!) PEACE until then!** Correct or not?
True! Thanks for the clarification.
There was a country called Israel. There was also a country, in a different area, called "The Philistines". [Ancient Egyptian tablets](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Merneptah_Stele), from 1200BC refer to both of them. End of discussion. But there was never ever a country called "Palestine" or "Palestinians". I will be glad to return Jerusalem to "Canannites" if you find them and they will claim it's their capital. Ok? Israel was reestablished in 1948. We are not going to pack and go back to ???? Deal with it!!! So, either you live with peace with Israel, Jews and their capital of Jerusalem, or, be in the situation were you are with Zero accomplishments since 1948. What's your choice?
**IT'S NOT DEBATEABLE!!!** Egyptians and their Pharaoh fought Israel in 1200BC. End of discussion. Also, thanks for for confirming: if there was never ever a country called "Palestine" then it's Ok there's no such country today or "Palestinian" people. Thanks you. Palestinians are not decedents of Jews. **But go ahead and tell them that, and we will see the reaction to this revelation.** I can't wait to see how this will work out for you... Jews have a clear distinct genetic marking. Only obsessive Jew and Israel haters like you will claim "there are no Jews". Those haters are sour losers while Jews make unbelievable accomplishments in Israel and all over the world.
Iranians, like Arabs and other Muslims are mostly Jew haters. That's why I mentioned "Iranians".
Yes, I honestly, really, think that Jews are superior: intellect, money, success, power, influence, good looks, their country Israel etc. Your hate towards Jews and Israel is derived from jealousy. As you know, there are only 2 reasons for hate: 1. Somebody did something bad to you, so you hate them. 2. Jealousy. Your case.
Sorry, when someone [out of unexplained hate] says "Israel/Jews/etc" do not exist, and I prove him wrong, he's a loser.
Again, being a Jew, I am superior. So, desperately, you have to use false claims against Jews and Israel to somehow claim otherwise. I really really think and know that Jews are superior. I am not joking.
LOL!!!! LOL!!!! LOL!!!!! You are killing me. Maybe this is the only way to harm me: give me quotes from Gilad... so so so so so funny...
LOL!!!! Very good!
Kaffir, welcome! Nice to see you again, here. Feel free to voice your opinions here and debate them freely with opposing views.
Be nice to him! Actually, no need to be nice to him.
Can I have fits with you? ... you make me lough so much....
If you want to become Jewish, go ahead! Even if you are an Arab. Just watch out for your Arab brothers and sisters reaction!
Please review the following [graph](https://books.google.com/ngrams/graph?year_start=1800&amp;year_end=2008&amp;corpus=15&amp;smoothing=7&amp;case_insensitive=on&amp;content=Nakba&amp;direct_url=t4%3B%2CNakba%3B%2Cc0%3B%2Cs0%3B%3BNakba%3B%2Cc0%3B%3Bnakba%3B%2Cc0%3B%3BNAKBA%3B%2Cc0). As you can see, "Nakba" maybe existed as a word in Arabic, but instead of being used since 1948, it's being used only since 1967... when Israel liberated the local Arabs from a Jordanian and Egyptian occupation... thus, Israel enabled the idea of "Palestinians" and a "Palestine" for them... and "Nakba" is the excuse by Arabs against Israel... instead of "thank you!". If the 1967 war never happened, and the local Arabs were still under Jordanian and Egyptian occupation, we would not hear today about "Palestinians", "Palestine" and also "Nakba". Am I right or wrong?
What "Jewish Nakba [catastrophe in Arabic]"? I don't remember a Jewish Nakba! Jews who were forced to leave Muslim countries created wonderful new life for themselves in Israel, safe, freedom of religion, well-to-do economically, rights, vacations, homes, cars, etc. Being so busy advancing their lives and making accomplishments, why would waste time or bother to remember a "Nakba"? **In comparison,** small amount of local Arabs were busy and are still busy with childish blame-game. And when you are busy with a blame-game, you accomplish nothing except more blame-games. P/S: my parents were smart and ran away from the Czech Republic before the Nazi invasion, leaving land, warehouses and houses behind. In the end of WWII, the Czechs expelled all the Germans to Germany. **Neither my parents, nor the Germans** claim a silly "Nakba", or blame the Czechs/Germans! Just busy with the wonderful life thereafter in a new place.
As for Myth #1, “The problem is the settlements”: I want to hear or see even one person who believe if there were no settlements, then the would be peace. On the other hand, if Arabs coexist peacefully with settlements here and there, then peace can happen.
Yes, absolutely! I think there should be more settlements! And I think that the ONLY reason, really, that the Arab actually were talking "peace" with Israel is because they are afraid of more settlements. I am 100% sure that if there were no settlements, the Arabs would not talk "peace" with Israel at all. As for 2066, 50 years from now, when hopefully the Arabs have sane leaders, and they truly want to live in peace and coexistence with Israel, then one of two things, or both of them: 1. For such true peace and coexistence, I have no issues with dismantling settlements. Israel has proven record of dismantling settlements and doing "Jewish population transfer" for peace with Egypt and "no peace" with Gaza. 2. The new Arab country will coexist with its Jewish citizens. **JUST LIKE** Israel was always doing very well with its many many Arab Israeli citizens. No issues at all. No country in the world is made of pure one race/religion. Learn to deal with it! It's really not hard and nothing to fear about it.
First, I asked and even you cannot say "If there were no settlements, then there would have been peace". Correct? &gt; Israel will agree to neither option [of dismantling settlements or having Jews in the new Arab country]. Try us! So far, clear and plenty records show that Israel dismantles settlements and Jews live in countries other than Israel, where they are even tiny minority. Forget about Jerusalem! It's the capital of the Jewish state, 3000 years ago and today. &gt; the idea that they [Israel] will hand over a million people to Palestinian control is also completely insane. Actually, it would be insane for most Jews to choose to stay in the new Arab country. And most will not! I am sure about that! So, this is how Israel worked in the past about dismantling settlements, as if you did not know: You offer those who are willing to relocate a big compensation. And, in all cases, MOST took the offer. Then the rest, per agreements, either will be forced to leave, or so-many will be allowed to stay in certain places. This was done in Sinai and Gaza. Don't worry about it! I am not worried. **LET'S NOT WASTE TIME:** As I said, settlements and how to handle them are not even a real issue that prevents peace! The real issue is Arabs who do not want peace, not ready for peace, their leaders are playing futile political games with their own people and their leaders are idiots to begin with. **I am actually very happy about the current situation, of "no peace":** Time is totally on the side of Israel, which made unbelievable accomplishments in its modern 70 years of existence. **At the same time, absolutely not a single accomplishment for the "Palestinians"!** Nada! None! Let me know if any accomplishment was done by them in the last 70 years! Please.
Garet, this is also a good theory. Politics 101 tells you that to become a leader you need people to unite behind you and the EASIEST and FASTEST way to do that is tell them about an enemy that we all need to fight (Jews is a safe bet for this). You also get shielded from any criticism, especially if Jews/Israel is your hate subject. But leaders that use this Politics 101 method are smart enough not to do the absolute stupid idiotic things that "Palestinian" leaders did.
Wow, you really really try hard to not understand. &gt; And you think that is evidence that the Egypt is working for Israel. How on earth did you get this conclusion? I clearly said that the "Palestinian" leaders are probably Israeli agents... who made sure that Egypt and its newly elected president, Morsi, will hate the "Palestinian"... less than a week after Morsi was elected and promised to open the gates to Gaza. &gt; They could have gotten a nice agreement with Israel getting Jerusalem and most of the West Bank and no return of anyone. LOL!!!! LOL!!!! Even Israeli agents, even as "Palestinian" leaders would not be able to make this happen. LOL!!! Can you even imagine that the Hamas leader today says "I am signing an agreement with Israel, no Jerusalem, no Return, etc." and that his people will actually go with it... LOL!!! Or Abbas saying the same and his people actually go with it? Really?
And probably they still think so today, after the massacre in Orlando.
If BDS was boycotting other countries (for clear and far worse issues they claim against Israel), then I would say it's fine if they boycott also Israel, whether they are right or wrong. If you only target Israel it's clearly due to unexplained hate, and not free speech. Anyway, I don't care much about BDS. They are doomed to fail and they already failed in their efforts.
&gt; would also have been a peace treaty LOL!!!! And that peace will last exactly couple of months until their tyrant says "I want also Jerusalem and Israel, Jews out, etc)". At least with the peace treaty with Egypt and Jordan, they cannot come with claims for "more" from Israel.
Ok! So, if you have a "BDS" that boycotts only one country, Israel, for certain reasons, but it does not boycott other countries for the **same reasons**, then what do you think about this "BDS" thing? Is "BDS" a fair thing only against Israel? Or should they also boycott China, for example, for what happens in Tibet? What China did with Tibet is far worse than what Israel did to the "Palestinians".
I don't see an issue with Arabs rejecting peace with Israel right now. I am glad it's so. Time is totally on the side of Israel and "peace" now with such Arabs and their current attitude, besides being impossible(!), is simply a stupid move for Israel and unnecessary big risk that, for sure, will create even worse and very unpeaceful situation. To begin with, why does Israel need another Arab country next to it? Will it be a peace loving democratic free and progressive country that want to collaborate with Israel? Absolutely not! Just like ALL other Arab countries!!! **So, I also reject peace with them!** Israel should not be afraid to say publicly that it's not interested in peace with the local Arabs with their current attitudes. Don't worry! When you are tough, people leave you alone and consider what you say. I am not worried about sanctions against Israel. They will not happen. I can explain why too. **So, what's the end game here?** Albert Einstein said: **Peace cannot be kept by force; it can only be achieved by understanding.** So, in my opinion, Israel need to blatantly ignore the Arabs and world opinions and strongly and vocally promote the truth: that Arabs and Islam have no connection to Jerusalem, this whole land was/is and will be Jewish land with rich Jewish history, Jews deserve more for how they were treated by Arabs and the whole world, Arabs right now are not cultural enough and ready for democracy, freedom, rights and living with peace, even among themselves, etc, etc. Then, quite quickly, 10-20 years from now, the world and Arabs will understand, especially when Israel is totally firm about it. Simply, because you can't fight truth. When the understanding in the world and among Arabs sinks in, that Israel is right, peace can happen. Then, we can compromise about something...
So? I hope there will be even more settlements... settlements are the only thing that make Arabs to consider talking with Israel... before they lose everything, most, or some of what they want.
Bla, bla, bla, bla... of empty cliches with no supporting evidence. The "Palestinian" population is bigger than ever, they are doing much much better under Israel control than when they were under Egyptian and Jordanian occupation until 1967. **Bottom line: Israeli Arabs, citizens of Israel, do not want to be part of the "Palestinians" and do not want to be called "Palestinians" because they know they are the luckiest Arabs in the whole world: they have more right, freedom, democracy and prospects than even a Saudi prince.**
Trust me, even YOU cannot say "If there were no Jewish settlements, then there would have been peace between Israel and the local Arabs". Can you say that to me? The issue has NOTHING(!) to do with settlements. The real and only issue is bad and futile Arab culture of hating Jews for no reason at all, even before Israel was reestablished. Period. **In the last 70 years, this failed Arab culture has resulted in Zero/None/Nada accomplishments for the "Palestinians", while at the same time, Israel and Jews had tremendous amount of accomplishments and success.** Tell me of one accomplishment by the "Palestinians" in the last 70 years. Please. Please continue with your attitude. God forbid you and Arabs become reasonable thinking people. Then, really, Israel will be in real trouble.
LOL!!!! Keep living in your world of fantasy about Jews/Zionists and Israel/ Meanwhile we make major accomplishments, get stronger, richer, and have all the land for our use. Time is totally on the side of Israel. **The last 70 years are a proof that Israel/Jews win, while "Palestinians" accomplish nothing/Zero/Nada/None.** Please, please continue telling me more of your stories about Zionists/Jews and Israel. I use the time to accomplish real things.
Every time the world ("French peace initiative" this week) or Israel ("Rivlin/Herzog/Barak offers", also this week) is catering to the "Palestinians" wishes/whims, it makes them even more against any kind of compromise, more crazy, and more made-up accusation and support for terrorism. Simply, because it encourage the "Palestinians" to be MORE of what really they are and not to change. I love the fact that, today, Abbas refused to even meet with the Israeli president Rivlin. The right approach by Israel is to use strong arm against the "Palestinians" and their leaders, to put them in their place. Israel should be brave to say the truth: "No peace until they have a democratically elected leader, forget about Jerusalem, forget about a return, genuinely seek peace, understand freedom and rights, and totally stop terrorist acts, totally stop." When you behave strong, everyone cater to your wishes and don't fight you. See Iran, Turkey, Russia, etc. At least Israel is totally just about their cause.
Trust me, Israeli Arabs in Israel are the luckiest Arabs. Ask them! Please. And that's why more and more of them join the IDF to defend **THEIR** beloved country, Israel, against Arabs who don't know better.
Get over it: Arab Israelis, who will be offended if you call them "Palestinians", are joining the IDF because they are happy and proud of the beloved country, Israel, and they want to defend it against other Arabs who don't know better. Also the Bedouins and Druze and now most Christian Arabs.
Oh yes! Israel expel while doing a genocide, ethnic cleansing, apartheid, concentration camps, etc, etc. What else is Israel doing? I alway want to learn about new things I don't know about... including those imaginary things you come up with...
&gt; insulting enough to be disallowed. One way to avoid reality and truth is to claim anything you don't like as "insulting". I don't get insulted when I hear "Jews/Zionists/Israelis rob and steal, etc, etc." You know why? Because I know it's not true. So why should I take it seriously to even get insulted by such nonsense claims? Lucky for us, Politically Correct is going out of fashion. "Palestinians" are losers because in 70 years they accomplished absolutely nothing. Let me otherwise, of any accomplishment achieved by the "Palestinians".
Oh no!!!! A "Palestinian" expert in bigotry ("Zionists steal and rob...") cannot handle the truth that "Palestinians" support terrorist attack, celebrate Muslim terrorism in Europe, kill their daughters for "family honor", etc. So he calls it "bigotry". Just so you don't get the wrong impression about me: I am 100% sure that given true freedom, to choose, to speak, to learn, to think, to evaluate, then Muslims, Arabs and "Palestinians" are like all others. But their current political and religious leaders are worst of humanity... and sadly many many Muslims and Arabs will follow their lead. I am not a racist, but I will do all I can do fight enemies of humanity, Jews, Israels and Zionists.
I agree with you! So, should I use a nice tone with andybea or should I use another tone with him?
Wild Bill says: &gt; normal people, when confronted with truth, tend to change their opinion if necessary. But don't expect this from American liberals. Truth just makes them angry. I will add that it's true also about Arabs and Muslims: get angry facing facts and reason, and will not learn to change their opinion. Absolutely amazing how those two groups have similar political opinions although by definition they should have opposing opinions. How did it happen? Only minority of people are left/liberals, and politics 101 tells you that to unite people behind you, you need to make them hate some kind of "enemy" based on lies and made-up stories... and viola(!), the enemy (guess who?) is shared between those two groups. Bill continues: &gt; Now it is crystal clear who the good guys are in this conflict and, as an American, i am proud to stand with Israel against the liars and murderers of the Middle East. as an American i am ashamed that our liberals tend to take the side of the liars and the murderers of the Middle East." I totally agree here and I have nothing to add.
If it's unrealistic to have a democracy among the "Palestinians" so their leader is representing them, then it's stupid to sign "peace" with their leader, whoever he is, Gaza or PA, unelected in 16 years. What's next? Should Israel sign "peace" with Assad in Syria and give the Golan heights for such a peace because Assad represents the Syrian people? Are you serious about what you wrote?
LOL!!!! It's so amusing for me when people can't address points I make, but talk about my LOL!!!!!
LOL!!!! Let's lough together about the "Palestinians" and how they handle things. It's a healthy thing to do.
Yes, I am setting the bar high. But absolutely not "too high". **I have no doubt, absolutely no doubt, that "Palestinians", for their own sake, can get to a higher level of functioning, like the western world, where true freedom, basic human rights, tolerance and democracy is engraved into their society.** It's racist to think otherwise! And when the "Palestinians" change, then they are ready to rule themselves in their own country and Israel will be glad be their neighbor, in peace. No reason to rush to do "peace" before that. It's terrible for Israel and even worst for the "Palestinians".
Your point is.... Don't make me laugh to see you have nothing to say to my points. If I laugh, I go LOL again!!!!
I really really don't care about "Palestinians" and my main and foremost goal is the safety of Israel and its growth. The "Palestinians" need to deal with their own problems and the source of those problems on their own. I am sure one day, about 50 years from now, they will. Until then, it's their problems and Israel does not need to take care of or "help" them with those problems. **If the world stopped "helping" the "Palestinians", I have no doubt that the "Palestinians" will start dealing with their problems. No doubt!** Just if the "Palestinians" stop their terrorist attacks, in a very short period of time, their level of "suffering" will go dramatically down. Totally up to them.
LOL!!!!!! Tell me more about Bibi... I need more good laughs from and for you...
You see! When you faced with undeniable truth, you need to give in. But in Abbas case, he knew very very very well this is not true, before he said it. So why did he say it anyway? Why does he say many many other things that he know are clearly not true? Because the WHOLE "Palestinian" narrative and cause is based on lies to manipulate local Arabs for some dubious political gains by other Arabs and Jew haters. Lies such: - there was and there is a "Palestinian" nation. - this is an Arab land - Jerusalem is holly or connected to Islam - Israel occupies Arab lands - Israel is trying to hurt "Palestinians" - Israel does not want local Arabs to have their own country - etc... **Lastly, Abbas was very dishonest even about this retraction - [read it here](http://www.israellycool.com/2016/06/25/abbas-dishonest-retraction-of-poison-water-blood-libel/)**
I hear things, check them, learn them, evaluate them, think about them and then determine if they are "news". Do you do the same? When you read or heard that Bibi is "Blood Libeler and holocaust revisionist extraordinaire", did you check if it's based on anything real, does it make sense, is it true, what did Bibi say that is that "blood libel", etc?
Truth is not an insult! You try to say something western to Arabs/Muslim (e.g. women are equal) and we'll see if they "get angry facing facts and reason, and will not learn to change their opinion" or not. Try it for me. And I will say the truth again: Most Muslims/Arabs (60% at least) are true enemies of all western values, Jews, Israel, gays, etc. Don't get insulted for me saying that.
Truth is truth. Opinion is opinion. Insult is an insult. Truth can be verified. Opinion cannot be verified. Insult is only when un-true things are told about you. So Arabs/Muslims being mostly anti western values is true and trying to discuss truth with them makes them just angry instead of making them educate themselves. They are the only ones to do suicide bombing, kill their daughters over "family honor", etc. I can't say the same thing about Jews, Christians, Hindus, etc. It's simply not true about them. Do you agree or disagree here? Yes or no? So, it's not an opinion of mine. It's not bigotry. There are bad people and bad religious leadership. If you can say that Muslims have the same general attitudes as Jews, Christians, Hindus, etc, then you are entitled to say this is just my opinion and not truth. We can debate this. I hope you don't get insulted by what I just said. If you do, you are simply avoiding truth or debating opinions. Lastly, I am glad that you are sad about negative opinions about Muslims. Now, do something brave and fight the reasons for those negative opinions. There are true reasons why Muslims are viewed so badly all over the world.
&gt; Muslims have owned it for nearly 1400 years. I love your arguments, with the word "own it". Nothing to show that Jerusalem is connected to Islam. Just that it is "owned" by Islam. Well, Israel owns Jerusalem now, the city ancient Israel founded and owned 2000 years ago. And based on what you say, whoever owns it, it belongs to him. Done deal!!!! And I will not reply to your other points, because they are as silly as the first one.
Good! The fact are: 1. Nobody would say that if there were no settlements at all, there would be peace between the local Arabs and Israel. So, settlements have nothing to do with why Arabs do not want peace with Israel. 2. Settlements and their expansion are the only reason why the local Arabs were willing to talk to Israel about "peace". The fear of more settlement, I don't blame them, is showing the local Arabs that if they do not compromise and be willing to live in peace next to Israel, they will lose more and more. 3. Israel has clear record of dismantling settlements, even by using force against its own people, for "peace" (e.g. peace with Egypt) or even "no peace" (in Gaza). **I support settlement and I will support their dismantle easily for true peace.** 4. Almost all countries expanded using settlements. Plenty of examples with Arab and Muslim countries. In the case of Israel, this is done on what should be Jewish land to begin with. So it's not even settlements. It's resettlements. So, I have no issues with Israeli settlements. 5. When Arabs learns to live in peace next to Jews and with Jews, then there will be peace. Just like Israel have no issues with Israeli Arabs living inside Israel in their own towns, or in towns mixed with Jews.
&gt; This is a lie [that Jerusalem is connected to Islam], and I have linked you to resources stating that it is. C'mon, it's reddit. You can summarize it for me and all of us, about how Jerusalem is connected to Islam... despite not being mentioned even once in the Q'ran. Don't make me google it... &gt;The vast majority of Israelis likely disagree with your hawkish aims [to rebuild the 3rd temple]. You are 100% right and even I do not want to do it it now. It's all about timing. I thing within 30-50 years from now would be probably a good time to do that. P/S: I am an atheist Jew. My wish that the 3rd temple will be built is not based on religious belief. I want the 3rd temple to be built so Islam/Muslims will stop their current war against Jews because they believe Jerusalem has anything to do with Islam. When they realize that, this land will be much much more peaceful.
1: How many times Jerusalem is mentioned in the Jewish Bible and how many times in the Qur’an? In the Old Testament Jerusalem is mentioned 457 times. In the Qur’an Jerusalem doesn’t exist at all. 2: Why the Jerusalem story was invented by the Damascus -based Umayyad Caliphs ? Damascus rulers were so immoral that the Muslim leaders from Mecca forbidden the access of people under their rule to the Mecca. They invented the story about the Muhammad dream and Jerusalem (that doesn’t exist in Quran) as a pilgrim replacement place to Mecca. After the access to Mecca was possible, once again Jerusalem didn’t pay any role for Umayyas ruled Arabs. 3: To which direction of Muslims and Jews are praying worldwide? The Muslims face Mecca. The Jews face Jerusalem. 4: Do the Muslims and Jews pray for Jerusalem? Muslims ceremonies don’t include Jerusalem. The Jews, for the last 2700 years pray, celebrate in ceremonies such weddings and bar mitzvah-””next year in Jerusalem””. No other capital worldwide has a parallel tradition. 5: How Jerusalem is covered by Islamic and Jewish literature? “Unfortunately, there is no Islamic literature on the subject”” Dr. Ismail Raji al-Faruqi referred to the absence of Jerusalem: Jerusalem, for the last 2700 years is covered in thousands of Jewish books, poems and songs” 6: Was Jerusalem ever being a capital of a Muslim country? 1,300 years of Muslim Arab rule, Jerusalem was never the capital of an Arab entity. 7: Did the Palestinians required Egypt and Jordan to form a Palestinian state in the West bank and Gaza with Jerusalem as the capital while the areas where conquered by them after the 1947 attack on the nesting Israel? No- they didn’t required! Palestine Liberation Organization’s start the demand to control Jerusalem Israel regained control of East Jerusalem in 1967. 8: How Jerusalem was described by visiting Western writers? Jerusalem had been so neglected by Islamic rulers that writers who visited Jerusalem were moved to write about it. French writer Gustav Flaubertfound “ruins everywhere” during his visit in 1850. Mark Twain wrote in 1857 that Jerusalem had “become a pauper village.” 9: Population of Jerusalem until 1945 Year —- %Jews 1714 —- 70::: 1844— 45.9::: 1896 —- 61.9::: 1931—- 56.6::: 1945 —- 60.4::: 10: How Christians, Jews, Muslims of Jerusalem were treated under Jordanian government? 1948-1967, Jordan sought to alter the demographics and landscape of the city to enhance its Muslim character. All Jewish residents were expelled. Access of Jews to the holy welling wall was forbidden. Jewish holy sites were damaged. 58 synagogues were desecrated or demolished in the Old City. Jerusalem Mount olive cemetery used by Jews continuously for the last 3000 years was badly damaged. The Jordanians uprooted and damaged 38,000 tombstones some from the First Temple Period and four roads were paved through the cemeteries Jordan’s restrictive laws on Christian institutions led to a dramatic decline in the holy city’s Christian population–31,330 in 1945 to 11,000 1967 (Under Israel government to Christian population grow from 11.000 in 1968 to 15.000 in 2013) 11:Conclusion: Arab Jerusalem story was born in sin, without any cultural connection to Arab culture, never was a capital of a Muslim state, totally negated and during the history it is used only as a temporary political tool
Sorry, dear Muslim: you can't say "yes" that Islam and Muslims are compatible with western values. I knew it before I asked! And [this picture](https://i.redd.it/e3jgbt4uki5x.png) proves it. **Learn from the Jews: the bible asks for death penalty and "eye for an eye". Since 10B.C., Jews totally stopped it. Do you get it? The bible says one thing, and Jews do something else. You won't find a single Jew or a Rabbi who wants death penalty or "eye for an eye".** Do you get it? Do you understand what happened with Judaism and Christianity too? So, now, be brave and fight the dark side of Islam to make it great! Be brave to publicly oppose and condemn those who support the terrible things done in the name of Islam!
Dr. Kedar talks facts. He knows about Islam more than almost all Islamic leaders. Again: Jerusalem is not mentioned in the Q'ran, Muhammad never been to Jerusalem, nothing Islamic happened in Jerusalem during and after Muhammad times. Correct or incorrect?
&gt;&gt; Jerusalem is not mentioned in the Q'ran &gt; Traditional tafsirs would disagree with you. You see how you confirm what I say? I asked about the Q'ran, yes or no, and you talk about "traditions". **So the answer is no: Jerusalem is not in Q'ran. It's not debatable.** And then, you say "incorrect". I feel sorry for you, trapped Muslim. Your descendents will be enlightened one day. I am sure about that.
Just say it... don't ask me to find in "resources"... &gt; Netanyahu has said the same thing about ethnically cleansing the remaining Palestinians. He never said it. But, since you like to check resources, go ahead: find the resource quoting Netanyahu wanting to ethnically cleanse the "Palestinians". Please.
You probably would agree with me: all Islamic scholars agree with each other... or they will be killed. Dr. Kedar, a true academic and researcher, is more reliable than any Muslim scholar.
No, it's not a ridiculous question. I can easily and quickly and truthfully say that Jews and Christians are totally compatible with Western values. The story on your side is that you are trying to drag me into particulars and endless details to avoid a general question. I will not fall this waste-of-time type of fruitless "debate". A general question that even you cannot say "Yes, Muslims/Islam is compatible with western values".
Dear Muslim, your religion never had a Martin Luther or Protestants or Reform Judaism or secular Judaism/Christianity. Right now, Muslims are killing many many Muslims because of "differences". Jews and Christians don't (for a very very long time). So don't tell me that there are subtle "differences" and "disagreements" among Muslim religious leaders. Back to the topic of Jerusalem: the odesity to build an ugly Muslim building on top of the holiest site for Jews even though nothing Islamic happened in that site is a tell tell about the attitudes of Islam. Replacing that golden building with a Jewish temple will force Islam to learn to live in peace with other religions. Jerusalem has nothing to do with Islam based on western research, by Jews and non-Jews.
LOL!!!! You still did not get the joke!
LOL!!!!! LOL!!!!! Nobody even trying to claim that Israel bomb the Arabs without them bombing Israel first. Make the Arabs stop their terrorist attacks and I give you a trillion percent guarantee that there will be no military actions by Israel against them. **I told you that before, below. You repeating this nonsense again and again will not make it a true statement!**
Huh? Of course peace negotiation are mostly about land swaps. The problem it that no only that the "Palestinians" never agreed to any borders or land-swaps, they don't even agree to negotiate. **Show a me a border or land-swap the "Palestinians" agree to!**
Darling, do you have an example of **a moral army (more than the IDF) defending its own country from attacks?** Let's take the British for example: when Germany attacked London, the UK bombed the German city of Drezden and killed more people than than the 2 atomic bombs that fell on Japan. By the way, I totally support the British: defend your country against the army at all costs. Not a single additional British child should die in order to be "moral" against the German enemy.
LOL!!!! Few kids say some offensive stuff after missionaries come around to try to convert Jews. Judaism does not seek converts, so Christians missionaries are not so welcome, **AND MOST DEFINITELY NOT WELCOME IN THE MUSLIM worlds!** Anyway, what do you think about all those TV shows by Hamas teaching young children to kill Jews and be proud suicide bombers? Guess what those kids will say to Jews who are NOT missionaries.
You know that Israel harvest organs from dead "Palestinians". But to keep their bodies intact, we just poison their wells.
Why is Tel Aviv not a civilian area? Are you saying there are no civilian areas in Israel?
That does not happen! (" thousands of Jews walk through closed off areas for Arab Israelis shouting "Death to Arabs" and other anti Muslim slogans all while targeting Arabs they do come across with violence"). Again, you take isolated rare examples and portray a terrible image about Israel, **while there are thousands of examples on the "Palestinian" side, that still make you love them.** Can I/Should I/Would you like if people say that all Muslims are gay killers because of the incident in Orlando?
I disagree. If it's not an army base and if there are no weapons (Missile launchers, tanks, etc) in the town, then it's 100% civilian area. With this definition, based on Hamas method to place army and weapons next to houses, Gaza is not a civilian area. Also, the civilians of Gaza support attacks on civilian areas in Israel.
Oh, no!!!! **Few Israelis** say mean things about "Palestinians". But even worst: the "Palestinians" are so soft that they cannot handle such harsh words (although they can say much worst about Jews). For me, spending time about these minor incidents is just a way to divert attention from the big items: the "Palestinians" train their kids and their adults to hate Jews, try to kill Jews and destroy Israel. And this is **most of the "Palestinians" (60%+ in my opinion).**
I just said it is a **NECESSARY** civilian causalities to save the lives of my fellow Israeli civilian citizens. **FOR REAL NOW:** During WWII, the Germans decided to bomb London and the British stopped this by bombing the German city of Drezden, killing more Germans than the 2 atomic bombs on Japan. **Do you think the British were not justified?** What would you do if you were Winston Churchill? P/S: Keep in mind that today, the British and Germans are good friends. Why? My answer: the Germans know that they deserved it. One day, many many years from now, the "Palestinians" will also understand that they deserved it.
You really really try very hard to not understand. I clearly say that if it happens, it's isolated **RARE** occurrences. &gt; it happens every Jerusalem day That's once a year! Does everyone in the Jerusalem day do that? For real, what percentage of the Israeli Jewish population will march yelling "death to Arabs!"? 90%? 50%? 5%? I claim 0.05% (some extreme right crazies that can't even get their party elected to the Knesset). &gt; Can you show me these thousands of Palestinian parades chanting "Death to Jews"? For real again: do you really believe "Palestinians" never paraded in the streets shouting "Death to Jews"? Or that this is a rare occurrence among them? Here's a recent amusing one [from last month](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JPDWbEbDwAQ): they shout "Death to Jews", in a mosque and the roof fall on them. Probably the Jews fault. Nothing to do with Allah.
avoiding the truth and admitting you were wrong, are you? Feel good by claiming "he moved the..." P/S: The Switzerland army is most moral army in the world... not a single record, in the last 880 years to say otherwise. IDF pale in comparison. P/S2: I forgot, the Swiss Army prevented escaping Jews to enter Switzerland... but that does not count...
Most of them are the young and new generation... so the Arab pride and happiness for being Israeli will guarantee to reach the 98% level very quickly. (There are always few haters, even among Arabs).
No!!! The apartheid label is applied to Israel and Israelis, supposedly against non-Jews. The fact of the matter is that Israel has no present in Gaza and 97% of Arabs in the WB are under the PA control. So, even if Israel wanted apartheid against the Arabs, it couldn't: not inside Israel (clear laws that prohibit that), not in Gaza and not in the WB. **Do you think Israel is an apartheid state?**
