*** And also listen to the phone call
Don't get me wrong, last night's episode blew my tits off. It will have no problem maintaining a high score, but the first ratings are usually more emotional and we see these types of posts for most episodes of most shows
Yeah but if it is $5,000 for Wyoming or something, they might not pay. New York is incredibly important to be licensed, but it is worth much less in some other states
I don't fit into your chart I don't fit in anywhere :(
Well Jamie kind of has an excuse
Now THIS is a guy who knows how to sell real estate!
Hell, I screwed my hanging cabinets into the ceiling joists too.
"We're sorry, your currency will be unavailable between 3AM and 4AM for scheduled maintenance"
Haven't been to the theatres in a long time. Was excited for the movie and almost forgot why until that showed up
When did the dude on the far right side die?
I thought we just saw him as a judge at Petyr's trial for killing Liza Arryn
Jolly Rancher is my favorite daily show pun http://www.tv.com/shows/the-daily-show-with-jon-stewart/jolly-rancher-1664058/
Reddit destroyed their habitat and this is the result
That's a cracked screen
#Six seasons and a movie!
Danger! Danger! Great Anthony Weiner Daily show throwback
All crows have these green umbrellas to keep their costumes in great condition. They are green so they can be digitally edited out
Amash's hometown? Does he need to be preaching to the choir?
I'm aware of the friction with Rand, but what issues with Amash are there?
Burns too cool to melt airplane engines. Burns too hot to light up your joint. Burns just right to melt steel beams...
That cameraman sounds exactly like https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NRItYDKSqpQ
Pain is generally an indication of injury and ignoring it is likely to set you back further than 1 incomplete workout The crossfit logo is the cherry on top
Most phones screens are made to be hard enough to resist scratches from keys in your pocket. Internet advice is snake oil at best. Anything that could affect the screen enough to 'fix it' will just make it worse
If you try to pull it down manually, does it move easily or is it obstructed? Adjusting the travel amount helps when the door closes and reopens, but this sounds different
Is this the servicenow bookings/reservation module? We just went through the same thing with users all over the world signing up reservations at events in every continent. I had to modify the client script to grab the user's timezone, add that to the GlideAjax that checks for open timeslots, and then modify the script include to adjust the display times for the user's timezone (in relation to the system time), and then adjust again for the venue they had selected. All times are still stored and worked with in the servicenow system time, but the display looks correct to the user. This method does fall short if system time zone is -5 for example and the venue is Japan. Then you can have reservations showing the wrong day.
Most QNAPs advertise power usage between 30-50 Watts while running
Financing his own campaign doesn't make him anti establishment
Love to put some money on elections, but not sure what sites are scams, what's legal, and how the taxes work
I tried that joke and "What year is your birthday? Every year" last time I had an EMS ride to the hospital. Nurses got no chill
They just write it off
23k readers doesn't seem small. How do traffic stats compare? Is there somewhere else to go for people unhappy with the moderation in r/videos
Yeah a transfer between my coinbase wallets took an hour, which their FAQ says is standard. Not sure what bitX is but speed isn't how I sell people on bitcoin
You can download a torrent of wikipedia for free
I've been told by several barbers/hairstylists that the different barbershops are due to the different hair types and styles between black people and other races. The time I went to one, they had different products (no hair gel) and said it was weird I was there Half the time I mention this, someone looks at me like I'm a hyper racist though
How much market penetration have we seen in india?
This is how some people think God works
did u not updoot the spooky skelly fast enough the 1st time he appeared to you
I never thought of it like that before
That article is so sad. Like their reality depends on proving the existence of unicorns and they try so hard
TruTV has been getting some really good shows these last few years
Their goal is to hurt the west in any way possible as revenge and to get rid of the west's occupation and influence in middle eastern countries. Given the extreme difference in soldiers and resources between the two sides, I'd say they have hurt the west much more than anyone could have expected. Economically speaking, just look at what was spent on the military, TSA, militarizing the police. How many hours of productivity lost in the security theatre that could otherwise be a productive part of the economy? How many soldiers have the been able to kill in their home countries? How many committed suicide when they went home?
an AV bot for links on reddit would be cool
&gt; fat is the worst thing you can be Pedophile nazi?
It's generally not a big deal unless you get electrocuted the *wrong* way
doot
If you come running every time they cry they'll just do it for attention. He's got the right idea
I think it is also a manifestation of the two extremes of establishment vs. antiestablishment
Isn't TN the worst Civil Forfeiture state in the US?
The plumbing P traps are for easy access to clean out solids in the drain and pool some water so the drain to the sewer isn't leaking septic gases into the home. Some of these P traps are cemented together and some don't have the dip to pool water
&gt; He might be a woman who pretends to be a man to escape misoginy. I don't think misogyny is as prevalent as you think it is. Also, women aren't that good with computers
paintball gun or spray paint would be more discreet
Community colleges cost less than a fraction of 140k and there are still many employers and fields of work that will take you. With licensing or certification you can put yourself ahead
Some factors can be dealbreakers. You could meet prince charming with $30B but find out he has been violent toward past girlfriends. Not sure what your last sentence means, but I think a partner's financial situation is a perfectly valid attribute to desire
I did see that and I find no fault with it. Everyone has to seek what makes them happy and determine what that is for themselves
+1 ಠ_ಠ
Does the router have a kill switch if connections fail though?
Oh shit I didn't think about also firewalling. Thanks chief
The following autohotkey script will strip formatting as well (almost always) #v:: ; Text–only paste from ClipBoard Clip0 = %ClipBoardAll% ClipBoard = %ClipBoard% ; Convert to text Send ^v ; For best compatibility: SendPlay Sleep 50 ; Don't change clipboard while it is pasted! (Sleep &gt; 0) ClipBoard = %Clip0% ; Restore original ClipBoard VarSetCapacity(Clip0, 0) ; Free memory Return
&gt; unless your dog is a Ph.D You never know https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aDjV7W9bO10
I'm in full agreement with this
&gt; What if this is the only behavior that allows someone to be elected Then I suppose my candidate will never win, but I'll still sleep great at night. I still want to support the idea of integrity in politics I'm still forming an opinion on donation amounts, but I'm currently leaning toward a cap being the way to go. The argument for unilmited money in politics is freedom of speech, but wealth inequality means speech inequality, which is not good in politics
&gt;Rep from Gary Peters office: If someone loses their bitcoin in a nefarious situation, they'll be calling their congressional representative What the fuck?
^ ^came here to say this
Why would you hope for higher taxes?
Has Bernie discussed simplifying the tax code at all?
Pushing legislation through a fucked up congress is one thing, but the President has other functions like Judicial appointments, vetos, control of the military, international relations, and executive actions. Would you prefer an establishment candidate for their ability to efficiently and successfully propose shitty legislation like TPP, SOPA, the Patriot Act?
SFCave was the original
Gotta disagree here. Buying the equipment, having it so accessible, and saving on commute times took away all my excuses not to do it. Especially in winter, I know for god damn sure I'm not going out to the gym. Once I get into a good routine, I might like to join a gym for social aspects. However my home gym does everything I need for now
[World Politics|Deleted for uh... no political content]
This is an official DMCA takedown request regarding a trademark violation within your post. Her name is not to be used without express consent of her, her estate, and the National Football League
I was jogging by the Vegas sign when several groups of people asked me to take pics. Could have easily run off
Hey is there a good subreddit for someone unfamiliar with the block size situation to jump in and debate fervently?
2 weeks is a long time. Have you ventilated the areas?
TL;DR: Post up some dank memes before you can talk about VPNs
I updooted immediately so I would ensure a Doot time for myself
adjusts his shirt down before he gets out lol
I'm surprised we'd even hear about this. It's great blackmail for the FBI
Glad these are back. They DMCA'd the originals
For tall people, knee room is the issue. Obviously bulkhead seats do not have a place to stretch your legs
Shovel for a neighbor
Allow me to write "autistic" in the shape of a cube. Here I go: A U T I S T I C U I I T T T I S S S I I T T T I U U C I T S I T U A A I U U T T T S I I I S S T T T U I I A U T I S T I C FTFY
It's 2016 folks, what do we have on the roadmap? Well sir, as a priority item, I'd like to bring to your attention some data from the employment records. When calculating the number of employees we currently have, it told us that we have 'lots'. Shit! We'd need to hire another department for that! Start the layoffs
Autistic? I am a dynamic figure, often seen scaling walls and crushing ice. I have been known to remodel train stations on my lunch breaks, making them more efficient in the area of heat retention. I translate ethnic slurs for Cuban refugees, I write award-winning operas, I manage time efficiently. Occasionally, I tread water for three days in a row. I woo women with my sensuous and godlike trombone playing, I can pilot bicycles up severe inclines with unflagging speed, and I cook Thirty-Minute Brownies in twenty minutes. I am an expert in stucco, a veteran in love, and an outlaw in Peru. Using only a hoe and a large glass of water, I once single-handedly defended a small village in the Amazon Basin from a horde of ferocious army ants. I play bluegrass cello, I was scouted by the Yankees, I am the subject of numerous documentaries. When I'm bored, I build large suspension bridges in my yard. I enjoy urban hang gliding. On Wednesdays, after work, I repair electrical appliances free of charge. I am an abstract artist, a concrete analyst, and a ruthless bookie. Critics worldwide swoon over my original line of corduroy evening wear. I don't perspire. I am a private citizen, yet I receive fan mail. I have been caller number nine and have won the weekend passes. Last summer I toured New Jersey with a traveling centrifugal-force demonstration. I bat .400. My deft floral arrangements have earned me fame in international botany circles. Children trust me. I can hurl tennis rackets at small moving objects with deadly accuracy. I once read Paradise Lost, Moby Dick, and David Copperfield in one day and still had time to refurbish an entire dining room that evening. I know the exact location of every food item in the supermarket. I have performed several covert operations for the CIA. I sleep once a week; when I do sleep, I sleep in a chair. The laws of physics do not apply to me. I balance, I weave, I dodge, I frolic, and my bills are all paid. On weekends, to let off steam, I participate in full-contact origami. Years ago I discovered the meaning of life but forgot to write it down. I have made extraordinary four course meals using only a mouli and a toaster oven. I breed prizewinning clams. I have won bullfights in San Juan, cliff-diving competitions in Sri Lanka, and spelling bees at the Kremlin. I have played Hamlet, I have performed open-heart surgery, and I have spoken with Elvis.
0 And I'm sure my company would cut me a check for all the savings lol. When I didn't enroll in their health care do you know how much they gave me for their savings? $75/month
XP support is completely finished, so any XP box on any network is vulnerable
You missed blurring an instance of their username
Why slip in the fart joke and empty video at the end of an otherwise excellent video?
poor knees :(
There was a plot hole in the episode where Richard didn't break up with her at dinner when he found out she was a lowly space indenting hussy
Do you have kids? It looks like some of [this](http://www.orangeglo.com/) got on it
Any true member of tab indention master race knows you can't associate with spacers. Honestly it would have been safer if he even called off the dinner when his friends told him what she was
I was partial to this one https://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/4m0x0v/this_is_the_best_sprinkler_design_ever/d3roz32
They look a lot like picks, so I was interested to see what people figured out they were
Coming to Win10. I'll have moved to linux by that point though
There's plenty of blame to go around with TV, browsers storing password insecurely, and the hackers themselves, but that doesn't absolve the user. Applications offer convenience over security because the user can accept the risk and responsibility for that tradeoff. There is a basic responsibility in understanding the technology you use. If someone handed you a 5 page legal document and offered to help you manage your finances, would it be your fault if you signed it without reading?
Jesus christ bee, it's righty tighty, lefty loosy
So NoScript *fixes* a site for once!
How do we know she's called the waif if they have no names?
Well you have to consider historical context
It could be your router isn't powerful enough to encrypt/decrypt any faster
