Nah. She's not. It's just the idea of a woman president that people are pushing. I think Hilary would be a terrible choice.
I have 75/77. I'm missing one in the Hollows on Mara but it's glitches and I can't get it. Idk what the second missing ghost is. The site says I have all but the Mars one.
Could you expand on your feeling about protection with guns?
Yes. Chico was an English bull terrier.
Pssh. My team only uses Khvostovs.
Saw this during skirmish. Even a nova bomb wasn't enough to kill the enemies.
If you're in the lower NY area, I'd be happy to take you to a range. As for safety, I don't own a home defense gun. Just a .22 and a Mosin-Nagant carbine. Neither is great for stopping an intruder while indoors. But I'd get a handgun, shotgun or maybe an ar-15 for defense and to shoot. I don't think that automatically having an HD gun will make me safer, that's silly. But if something does happen, and my family is threatened, I'd want something that will stop the threat. I strongly believe that people should be able to defend themselves and their families. Especially in their own home.
http://msmagazine.com/blog/2013/06/12/my-month-with-a-gun-week-one/
How do you play battleship at the range?
Are you serious about 32+ only? Its a level 30 raid.
If you are covered in sand use talcum powder. Put some in your hand then you can brush any sand right off.
I saw the green version just yesterday. I was confused since I thought people had been using green guns for IB.
He got 80,000 for winning the Belmont Stakes. So it's at least the plus the Triple Crown winnings. (Although idk if he has to take out some to pay his agent and stuff)
You forgot to put in your gamer tag.
Hey, you got two elements for the price of one.
What was the strategy?
I bought kellbreakers grips for my titan first week. (125 strength) Then I got judgements chance and got kellbreakers grips (50~ int, 50~ strength). The instant I tried it, I lost all trust in the system.
I would build crazy coasters but everyone would pussy out and not ride it. I made a train ride that was an 8x8 square with a 1 unit high bump on one side of the square. It was my most popular ride.
For pc I liked "where in time is Carmen sandiego" Doom, quake (3 and team arena especially) Roller coaster tycoon Age of empires II On my sega dreamcast I'd say: Sonic adventure, virtua tennis, Star Wars episode 1 pod racing (DUD BOLT!), ready to rumble boxing, soul calibur II, probably more I can't think of now.
If yall need a third, I'm down. Gt: HeadshotFactory
Do you mean exos have a specific human's consciousness in each one or a consciousness designed by humans? Or did the exos become self aware at some point? All at once or individually. Damn your post it's got my mind racing.
I checked a rifle once and it was pretty easy. When I was getting my bags at the carousel bag claim, my rifle case was being held by airport staff. Meaning there's no chance of someone walking off with it from baggage claim.
I waited until the carousel was empty then started getting worried so I asked an attendant who sorted me out and got my gun.
Planets?
I went to England with my family when I was really young. We went to a park with a princess Diana memorial. It was a tree with a fence around it and people tossed coins over the fence to be next to the tree. Me being young and clueless didn't know anything except, 'hey there's a bunch of coins on the ground (the fence didn't block coins from rolling under the fence and back outside the circle). My parents got dirty looks until they noticed my dumb ass happily scooping up coins.
Bloomberg tried to ban large sodas and failed. But I don't like Bloomberg so I don't mind. He's a control freak.
I guess I should've clarified in my original post. No I'm not. Agnostic leaning towards atheist. (I don't think there's a god but I can't know for sure)
Oh. No. I was raised catholic.
I liked the setting and theme. I read a lot of tintin books and thought the plucky kid/adventurer/roguish hero in the early 29th century was always a really cool thing to read or watch.
In my hometown there's a police support organization where you can donate and you get a supporters badge. It looks similar to a police badge. All the corrupt assholes in my town are buddy buddy with the police commissioner so they can get away with blatant shit. One "supporter" (briber) was arrested for concealed carry of a weapon w/o a permit and impersonating a police officer after flashing his supporter badge to cops from a different city.
Good thing the Supreme Court sorted that out in 2008.
You can get a legal gun permit if you are rich/famous/well-connected. (For carrying) Long guns (rifles and shotguns) need to be registered and need a different permit just to keep them in your house/apartment. Nyc laws are stricter than some f ny state. But NY has really strict (and stupid) laws compared to most other states.
Forget about guns for a minute. If someone tries to punch you and you dodge and punch them back, knocking them out, did you attack them?
I didn't say that.
It changes occasionally. Idk of there's a way to spawn one or the other.
Fair enough. But your original comment seemed to imply that a counterattack is a negative thing. I just want to get your thoughts on that. Do you think that Implementing a counterattack to stop an assailant is a bad thing?
Nah. Some local bullshit.
That rule sucks. I understand it but I still think its dumb.
It looks like a salt block. And I think they game is called saltlick
Two cannibal midgets in a fat guys ribcage
I made mine Stable 99. It's very charismatic.
Antigun chucklefucks showing the common citizen that the constitution is no better than toilet paper in their eyes.
Was the glitch possible without the swarm grenade hitting anyone? I read about it but the description of the glitch was a little wonky.
Dang that sounds worse than I thought it was
I think it might be a wrench of some kind. It's a 3 1/4" metal rod. About a 1/4" thick. I think it's steel. On the tip (opposite the keyring) there is a small round ball, sort of like the ones on ratchet socket wrenches to hold the socket in place.
I think you're right. I'm trying to see if theres something I can get for this specific one. It might make a useful attachment for my keys. Thank you. I'm marking this post Likely Solved.
I'm trying to figure out what to use it for. I have a similar thing on my key ring. But idk how I'd use this type of pin.
It's probably cheaper and easier to have someone write a bunch of cool awesome stuff rather than make a storyboard, character models, visual fx etc.
I volunteer at a Habitat for Humanity Restore. We don't have such a truck now but maybe they used to. It's just a metal rod to hold heavy loads in place then?
If you mean the favorite weapon that one crucible sells, I'd say the Saterienne Rapier. My favorite weapon to use in the crucible is probably Queenbreaker's Bow.
If people have the right to their lives, they have the right to defend their lives too. A firearm is an effective tool for that.
I remember Hannibal Buress came to Notre Dame. Some bitchy girl started complaining about him doing Easter jokes. My friends were dying laughing but some of the other students were frying eggs and grumbling about Jesus.
How about your stupid assumptions about gun owners?
Would that be labeled a negligent discharge?
It's not an assumption it's a fact. But you are assuming that most of all gun owners fall into the dangerous category.
You agreed that getting into a car with someone with a firearm is scary. A terrifying thought. Your assumption is that the person with the gun is planning some nefarious act.
I said that you agreed that being in a car with someone with a gun is scary. This was the comment that you agreed with:"As someone from the UK, the thought of getting into a car with someone with a firearm is terrifying, passenger or driver, especially if I then have to tell them where I live! US gun culture is weird and scary." You knew that I said that and lied about me. Saying that nothing I said was true. I'm sharing my opinion with you and everyone in this thread. I'm sorry if you're annoyed with different perspectives but this is Reddit and there's going to be people who don't agree with you. Telling me to leave, or telling people to specifically stop up voting me (even though this conversation does seem to be generating lots of discussion) isn't how this works.
It would probably be manslaughter.
I'd bet that someone mad enough to go and kill someone will still be willing to kill after a few days.
You're thinking of cops.
Good to know.
Just ask a coworker who they would recommend you ask for a reference.
I'm pretty sure a mass shooting is defined as 4 or more people being shot.
Clever clever creature
There's an episode where for some reason the girls go back in time to find the professor at school. He was a jerk who loved mixing chemicals and was kind of an ass. After an accident, the girls save his life and he's so impressed that he grows up and dedicates his life to try and create girls like the ones who rescued him as a child.
The image was removed. Got another link?
Messaged you. Gt: HeadshotFactory
Full
Is there a way to see other submissions to the FO:E pinup contest?
Sweet. This is perfect. Thank you.
Did you want that to come across in Colin Farrell's *True Detective* character's voice? That exactly what I imagined.
Depends on the state. I'm some states you can buy one without a license but you can only keep it in your home or take it to the range/hunting/competition. But you would need a license to. Carry it for self defense. In other states like mine, you need a license just to buy one even if all I want to do is keep it home for self defense.
And regular gun owners
He wanted to make something cool and was able to make it. That's all.
All firearms? Or only allow the state to have them?
I've recently found out about the Mediæval Bæbes. They sing songs in old English and Latin. It's kind of cool. But usually what I listen to depends on my mood and the activity im doing. Sometimes I'll feel like listening to the Melvins, or Marylin Manson or my fallout 3 &amp; new Vegas mix. I have sporadic and varied musical tastes.
Unless you want to nuke the world back to the Stone Age then I would say it's impossible to get rid of all guns. I have a limited knowledge of guns but I could go to a Home Depot and get tools to make a crude shotgun. Given enough time I bet I could make a decent firearm. Unless you get rid of the knowledge of guns, you can't get rid of them. Plus you'd only delay the rediscovery of gunpowder and firearms. Also the mounted division of the NYPD with swords would be pretty awesome to see.
Gun Owners of America, Second Amendment Foundation are two that I can think of off the top of my head.
I think the idea of finding a loaded gun lying around is not a normal thing. I love guns and am comfortable being around them but if I found a unfamiliar gun (not one of mine) lying somewhere like the sidewalk or a car (especially a rental car) I would be concerned and probably report it to the police. I would do so not out of fear of the gun but concern that it was a crime gun. This story reminds me of a report out of Britain where a couple found some spent shell casings in their garden and totally freaked out. Called the police and bomb squad and pretty much shit themselves in fear over old brass.
Never heard of em. But I'll check em out
It's a game of thrones thing
Sometimes the raw footage looks better and (in my opinion) more honest. I liked colion noir' videos on YouTube before he was hired by the NRA. They were less flashy and unscripted which I liked.
Thanks Hilary.
I think you meant martial arts not Martial laws.
Would you give an arm and a leg?
Brojob! Brojob! Choo choo!
I believe he also said that his gun control pushes would be helpful to him as they would drive up the price of his illegal guns.
Remember when CNN was doctoring photos during the Trayvon Martin case to make George Zimmerman looks whiter?
You must be new to Reddit if you think this is weird.
10/10 with rice
Actually there's a bill introduced not too long ago that band a whole bunch of guns. And before anyone comes in with "well it doesn't ban allll guns" A gun ban is a ban on guns. That's it.
I'm hoping this turns into one of those bullshit things on Reddit where enough people buzz about it and the famous person in question (in this case Kobe) gets dragged into meeting the OP's friend
I always forget
Don't forget to post your gamer tag so people know how to message you.
Thank you! I was waiting for someone to get it
They'll help you figure out which sandwich each candidate is best represented by.
And on US soil
These aren't the droids we're looking for.
I think I saw his name in the credits once. Or maybe it was in Archer. I've been binge watching both.
I really hope they revisit that somehow. I'm hanging on to my optimism that BoJack gets some goodness his way in the end somehow. Although I acknowledge there likely won't be.
