I think arbaless/Alvarez is to aracitacia as fiore is to ishgar Kingdom to continent (multiple kingdoms on each continent) like Jura was the best Mage is fiore during the 7 year gap but only fifth on ishgar
Regardless of how you feel about Obama I think he will serious historical credit for the abuse (and racism) he put up with while president.
I think that's part of the theme. Like the nether the Jedi or the sith are perfect, one is too selfless and other too selfish
Watch the episode where erza learns magic, it's also really about believing and people with it in their blood have an inclination. Also Laxus would kick your ass for assuming he's good cuz if his parents.
Congrats don't quit!!!!!
Santorums always cum from behind
What year is this, 2012?
Cringe within a cringe, they just incepted this shit
Ds9 all the way
Where did u get it this bottle? The place I go to doesn't have the port wood edition. Also it's too bad the port took a bitter turn cuz sweetness properly mixed in could amazing.
W..wh...what?!?
I personally think the over choreographed scenes were incredible, the power and skill of the super human Jedi was felt. Also we got to see stuff like opposing force pushes.
I disagree and I think you're nit picking. The scene with maul vs obi wan 1 on 1 was unreal in terms viciousness and killing lust. Personally the new movie had terrible fight scenes to me. The swinging was nonsensical and it wasn't fun to watch (BESIDES how awesomely Rey was just beating that ass) Also IF it's individual moments destroy scenes for you then literally every original storm trooper scene is idiotic, the whole assault on the death in stupid for how exposed the x-wings were but never died, obi wan vs darth is pathetic. But idk you gotta learn to love the parts that cross the unrealistic line for you as much as anything otherwise you end up a mountain of salt.
That's nonsense. The light saber duels from the original trilogy wee limited by the animation of the time and were "more methodical". Also New Hope barely had a plot (most of the plot was made up after its success) and was just a film featuring the newest and best special effects.
I read AoT and frankly after the most recent chapter, fuck that manga. It's pacing has gone from slow and intense to George r r Martin disrespectfully slow.
Please tell your friends gf she is legit a saint. Like she kept talking to him but never got aggressive or tried to prove a point she was just nice.
Stellar, nice word choice
So less established?
What bothers me isn't that this story is real but that someone actually told it too sound real
Jellal cuz during gmg jellal knew he could beat Jura while Laxus was unsure.
But that's the thing they actually know. Like watch interviews with people buying. Sir you know you're chances are low right? Yea. How you know how low? Really low. There many things that need work but monitoring shifty spending choices is not one of them.
Would be interesting to be see Thor be shaped to be centered around the Marvel version cuz most myths are reformed heroes. If you think about now more people probably know Thor from marvel iterations than anything else, the only question is staying power.
It was filler plus mashima said somewhere he regretted the lack of Laxus during Tartaros.
How so?
Like it's painful
Freed But honestly I love them all cuz they are very unique amongst fairy tail in that they contain a capacity for cruelty which I like
Honestly it's a surprisingly diverse world, there's Asian and European diversity. They also have rare instances characters of many other colors.
We all started as lame asses. You'll grow into it, one of the best ways I've found to enjoy whisky is to try good single malts or blends with a crap whiskey (when I started it dewars vs laphroaig). It teaches you to detect the differences and really learn why good stuff is so damn amazing early on.
Ummmm flowers cuz it's Tuesday to a girl ur not dating is weird
Mind blown
Question is will it do anything to protect its people from the problems already over the border.
Do u really not think 1.1 million people in 1 year won't change a population of only 80 mil?
*takes deep breath* Please tell me this is a joke
I'm only going to judge you on this post and ur replies to comments. The reasons you get hate is several fold. 1. You've fallen into the trap of self pity. i. Scrawny: first off scrawny means nothing skinny guys get hot girls as regularly as anyone else. Second if ur body makes u insecure do something about it. ii. Was raised by your grandparents: You had a loving household no one anywhere should feel sorry for you. iii. Moved around a lot: the most interesting people are those who've been around its no excuse. iv. Bullied: most people in world were/are bullied at some point. 2. When people explain the issues you don't acknowledge and you ignore the spirit of what they say and argue the wording. Example on this thread someone said unlocking women and you said "no I'm trying to make myself attractive". In this case unlock women = make myself attractive 3. Asking questions when u don't want honest answers. Saying I'm not as bad as denko is you setting your self up to not look bad. It's like saddam saying come on guys I'm not hitler, don't compare urself to bottom of the barrel when asking about acting appropriately.
Exactly and it applies to more than bullying. Like everything he listed isn't even that bad, get the fuck over yourself.
according your statement women care less about looks less, so why then do u whine about being scrawny?
Source or name?
Many series pull from each other. Fairy tail openly admits to being inspired by many sources..... BUT this is non-sense like there's nothing in common like at all. The only similar thing is music and it's not even remotely similar in style.
My parents are teachers and it's always so special when they can connect with a kid. It's awesome you can do that with fairy tail
My favorite part is the guy who brought it up started being attacked by other feminists. Like talk about making everyone your enemy.
Not everyone is convinced that relationships with banks equals bad.
Sorry but gunna have to agree. There has been zero evidence yuriy is Serena and it's been stated by warred that yuriy is dead. Anything ur saying is just grasping at non-existent straws. Also the important thing about Serena is his magic.
As liberal as I am this is why conservatives say 'no' we have a good but imperfect system to help people pay for college BUT sadly tuition rates just rose making the system we have seem terrible.
I used to watch the anime and read the manga but the anime has gotten unbearable. Like the second fight between Laxus and tempesta was so annoying to watch. In manga it was a two page fight with gray and then plot moved along
The change to portrait in the sources below makes me think it is. Also 45s usually 'real' stuff is long enough to be sold. 'Real'= real look and feel but fake
Yes!!!
This^ people tend to forget this is a story with laws the strengths that bend to hiros wishes. He tries to be consistent but he sways regularly (literally any fight with sting or rogue as examples)
What the fuck?!?
Oh I'm sorry descendants of people who commit atrocities shouldn't ever have the right to complain. OH WAIT THAT IS EVERYONE. You don't say Arab Muslims complain about imperialistic America, nations conquered under Muhammad and successors!!!
Except when denying the holocaust.
Mavis don't fuck around with ppl who hurt warrod
No it's not cuz what we not takin into account is the fact this the pride is more about simple country history and the fact they were a great empire and nothing much else.
Yea I mean we've seen many situations where a character has appeared to have been rekt and hiro keeps them alive. Gildarts did survive a similar assault from the same person.
The idea of Brits being proud of their history as a great empire, is not Brits saying immigration is good but only when they do it, it's them saying " I'm proud of my countries powerful history". The argument being made is "why do Brits have issues with immigration when they are proud of colonization", which I'm saying is false equivalence.
Blockbusters rise and fall is one the best ways to understand why capitalism is so awesome and how it pushes innovation.
Right?!?
People don't pick on fatties. People get picked on and sometimes that person is fat. But there is not a culture of pick on the fatty. One reason for this perception is 1. Being fat is unhealthy and some how stating health facts is mean. 2. Fat people can't always engage in the engage is the same activities as others. Like I can't think of a single out door activity she could honestly engage in Edit: my point is fat isn't a special status of hate, everyone gets picked on for something and being fat isn't inherently a worse trait than other social pariahs
Hillary, the candidate in first is sunk? Are you gunna say that when she's the nominee? Also no there is zero evidence because candidate have over taken the supers in the past. How come only Bernie gets to be a whining bitch. Also how arrogant are you to believe your logic is so perfect that someone who disagrees with you is paid or stupid.
So there shouldn't be endorsements in a democracy?
Yea I mean how could someone trust Bernie to fight golden parachutes on wallstreet when his white took one while bankrupting a small college?
What about the fact that a poor white male stands less of chance getting into college than a wealthy black male because the black male with all the advantages of being rich is considered somehow less privileged than a poor rural white? What about schools that have awards that can go on resumes that only blacks can win but no version for whites? What about the fact that an old white grandmother gets no news story when Detroit cops beat her for no reason? What about the white girl who was assaulted by black students and then almost had charges brought up against her because the black students claimed she attacked them? (The only reason the poor girl wasn't charged was because of surveillance) I'm a person of color btw but the reality is that being white or black or anything else no longer guarantees you have privilege or oppression.
You don't solely on the biases of gender.
That's what they don't get. They say how can Hillary supporters like her given her obvious faults and they can't understand the answer if "because while she's not perfect I still like her a lot". And they don't get this because they legit think sanders is perfect.
You should hang out at r/enoughsandersspam
The baby being black was probably the best gtfo from God himself (also is that sexist?
Username checks out
You misspelled FEC
Yes you should stop supporting sanders because he lost. Decide who you like more, Clinton or trump because those are your options. Like when Hillary lost in 08 people had to choose McCain or Obama, same thing Bernie lost now make a decision.
He's not honest tho. Most of his police and statement are based on lies. The problem is that he gives off the honest old man vibe so people trust him.
And cenk's denial of the Armenian genocide is a clear indication he's a terrible journalist and shouldn't be trusted. See it works both ways.
Well he says no CEOs on wallstreet have been jailed but can't name any laws they've broken. His free college plan doesn't even cover the full cost of college and places a huge burden on the states to make up the difference. His hypocrisy of criticizing super delegates for supporting Clinton early on in the election based on Hillary polling better than him but not asking them to switch based on polls. His lies that he does well in open primaries when he loses them almost 3:1. His hate if golden parachutes when his wife has received one. His claim that he can save the US 324 billion on drugs when we only spend like 302. His voting to continue funding the Iraq war. The list goes on. I don't hate Bernie at all but he's not more honest than other politicians he's just good at giving off the honest vibe.
He's done. If the FBI hasn't found anything to charge Hillary with in a year there is nothing they will find in the next few weeks. Literally lets say that again, in an entire year not one thing worth charging her with has been found. The supers are not switching and Bernie is getting his ass handed to him the recent primaries. The game is in fact very over and has been for months. Sanders funding is dry, the subreddit is losing subscribers, the phone banks and canvassing are dead.
She didn't reveal national secrets. None of the info was leaked. Her server was more secure than the one she would've been using.
Lol perfect logic if you want to dismiss conclusions you don't trust.
Just like how you can't wrap your head around Bernie getting the literally shit kicked out of him for three straight months by Hillary.
His influence is dying as he stays in because more and democrats are starting to hate him.
Anytime an investigation can't come up with a charge after a year I'm quite skeptical of its energy
That's the purpose. You're supposed to say I want take part in the DNC or GOP primary before all the candidates announce to prevent tampering.
Yea THAT is totally want is happening.
Hey I like summers
I fucking hate this whole "ties" shit. Means nothing
In and of itself I think it will do very little. But it might represent a shift in the discussion about Islam and whether we consider certain Islamic beliefs to be threatening.
It doesn't need to be terror to be linked to Islam. A man who's religion (any religion cuz most honestly have issues with gays) is part of homophobia
What about Bernie flipping on super delegates and whether they should be used against voters? I'm sorry but refusing to debate Bernie after the election was over is not flip flopping it's being real.
Ah the old sanders arguement, those who don't agree with me are stupid low infos. No wonder she kicked his ass in every demographic but rural and non-college graduate whites.
Trump's campaign disagrees with you
That's like saying non-Christians are the largest religious group in the world. It doesn't actually mean anything. Independents don't agree with each other, hence there not being a party they are all a part of.
As a Clinton supporter "No fucking way!!!!". Clinton is the establishment candidate, everyone knows it.
The reality is that automatic weapons barely make up gun killings in the US. Most killings are done by hand guns. It's like cars verses airplanes. If you want to save lives in transportation you make cars safer not planes because barely anyone dies by plane. But the problem is when people do die by plane it is 1. Wealthier people and 2. Is usually a far scarier story, this also applies to assault weapons. If your goal is to pass a bill to save american lives via gun control your focus should be on the tools that take the most lives not those that make the biggest headlines. I don't like these bills cuz they are barely going to address the issue of gun deaths but they will protect the middle to upper class and leave the poor communities shooting each other to death.
And we will get R2
It's funny cuz they have the exact same meme but for liberals Edit: not pro-trump just pointing this out. Also way more than 6 liberals calling to ban guns
No because more parties equals less power for each party and it becomes easier for radical parties to get their voice heard. Also if independents truly agreed with enough other people they would have their own party.
Well put. To add to that people label themselves as progressives think everything they want is right and step in the right direction. They then conclude the two-party system which forces compromise is broken because there isn't a party that is just about their ideals. What they don't get is that they aren't perfect and being forced to slowly comprise and not being able to make vast sweeping changes is a good thing. When people say democracy is hard they are referring to how you can't get everything you want quickly.
Typical bernout socialist. Yells at people for not doing Bernie's job lol. You see in capitalism you are required to work and not complain when people who have held positions in the past dont show up and work out of the blue because you are busy masturbating furiously in front of a camera and calling it a speech.
By "place politics my ass" I assume your talking about a sanders speech
Funny you think Bernie is circling a dying body and isn't one himself.
Irrelevant to the topic of no one paying for porn anymore.
I don't know it
And if he says no that should be ok because you supported a democratic candidate and it should surprise you he would cooperate with the DNC. Like part of him running as a dem was things like this happen when you lose.
What successful women does r/politics regularly celebrate? The only ones I know got attention endorsing sanders (tulsi) or lost support for not supporting his lordship (warren)
