To pee with you idiot
&gt;very detailed &gt;The entire ocean floor has now been mapped to a maximum resolution of around 5km, which means we can see most features larger than 5km across in those maps. LOL no
because it makes bush look crazy bad or serial killery back story
Contact COC? Because, if it's not official, it's going to be *hilarious* fallout.
You must have missed the bush years
I'd vote let kids be kids and make some remark about "I love ANW and none of the people on that show are your size" I'm a little protective, I'd be in SJW face if she says anything else
Not like you can change your weight right?
I'd feel so much safer if black people had a curfew after nine. I'd have so much fun Ojhh crud, went full storm front
Ah Amazon wishlist for the lulls. http://amzn.com/w/3IVQT6CLJA3BP
Triple xl shirt size, lol
click clack, the tappet brothers are at it again!
lol, you do realize that ATF errrrrr FAA regs are now outdated and pax planes being overweight is a growing concern. &gt;Since 1995, most airlines have assumed a weight of 180 pounds for each adult passenger in summer and 185 pounds in winter; checked bags are assumed to weigh 25 pounds each. I really hope they go towards weighing passengers just for the hilarious meltdown that will cause, even though it's ... literally not to die. Because, weight and balance charts are realz, not feelz. I can't find it right now, but there used to be this most beautifully written rant that some alaskan bush pilot was fatphobic and shit, because he weighs each passenger and then shouts the weight to a ground crew guy to plug into his Center of mass?? and weight tables. It was beautiful. Sauce: http://www.nytimes.com/2003/05/13/us/weight-estimates-on-air-passengers-will-be-increased.html
tumblrbot, you'll always be my true love &lt;3
It reminds me of i'm awesome, by spose.
I got trapped between two HUGE people, they both were on top on my seat when I was little. It was a terrible 7 hour flight. I couldn't even drink and pass out. One time, a very large black woman sat next to me, and i had to lift her belly roll to access my radio volume and channel buttons. Then she had the gall to stare at me like I just tried to rape her. It was bad.
There used to be a "sort by bought' that I loved. But I'd get sad and get drunk as a skunk that I couldn't get people to buy me macs. But amazon got rid of that feature in the last 2 years.
Challenge accepted?
huh, interesting.
lel
that he is!
Basically, if your index fingers were guns that discharged, how fucked would you be? AKA, what are your fingers currently pointed at. Also, what is a dream gun of your's. It's my friday night, I'm drinking, sue me.
That's what the FAA assumes for weight. That doesn't mean the individual airline doesn't do other methods. But, pretending the airline didn't figure it out for itself, they'd just use the FAA math and plug that into the center of gravity calculator which basically lets you know if the plane is going to be able to fly or crash horribly.
lol
Damnit, my bad, I didn't realize there was a sub for this. In repayment, I'll grab a beer, and then upload photos after bluing guns thursday
did you see how pitted it started off as? sorry bro, you're kinda an idiot
Smooth bore? Why optics then?
gotcha gotcha. a receiver mount *should* be close enough
Uh, the nicest way I can put this, is they don't look like they're in the IDF. I thought the idf was mandatory, and it means you get to roll around with an m16 or other fun toys in your day to day life. I don't think that makes you an easy victim.
Ohhhh, I seee. Hmmm, where you located? You're probably going to have to do the silver solder the base that /u/brownellsInc suggested
Obama already suggested this to the right wing people. Don't like your government? Move to Somalia!
Oh honey, you're adorable. Start doing some internet dating, and become used to the myspace angle.
Holy crap, If this was a TV show, I'd totally participate. So long as I get to bring my own weapons. Shiiittttt. IE, you want to kill all men? here's a gun, go find the male.
Then they're ungodly hypocritical and are not worthy of such a position anyway. Lead by example.
Holy fuck, that is a hilarious joke, and I plan to use it with my asian friends.
Even for SFW boards, you keep a hidden porn board. I thought this was internet 101.
True that
Follow the letters to the key. Strip it. Put the hammer back. Insert bolt. Drop hammer. Ensure hammer strut is free. Point muzzle up at 45 degrees. Insert the hammer spring assembly. Ensure that there's spring resistance when you push it closed, before latching it in
That's how it works in Florida. Written permission. Carry your letter
fiber keeps you full longer
You're not wrong that worn (read soft) leather holsters can cause issues like that. That's why you buy a new leather holster, and try to not overly condition it. Without getting too off topic, I love leather, because of reasons, and there's all sorts of ways to ensure this doesn't happen. Don't use products that will horribly soften the leather (looking at you mink oil, thanks for ruining leather products) and still leave everything nice and conditioned. Saddle soap or bust. But, at the end of the day, be aware of the condition of your holster, and don't just randomly shove it in the hole, else it might go bang. It isn't *just* holsters that does this. Anything caught in the holster could do it, like sweater strings, for example.
They're definitely intentional, but there's no reason to wildly speculate. Shit, it could even be notches so that a tie on ammo holder wouldn't slide around. Lol.
Here's the skinny. The gat got sent from a ffl to your ffl. IT's still his property, until he logs it into his bound book, then does a 4473 and a background check. Your dad is in the legal clear as long as the box is not opened. So, long story short, you gotta wait it out. Sorry bro.
Some lady started the dad bod phenomina. Basically, it boils down to 'I couldn't date someone way hotter then me, muh feels, and crabs in a bucket'
honestly, does it really matter? Trying to understand the WHY can lead to dark dark places
^this
I spilled a gallon of acetone on my boots today at work, and was exposed to 90% nitric acid. Tell me again, feminists, how much you want my job.
&gt;soundtrack. Riiiigggghhhttttt, that's useful. Mother of god, this'll be a fun one. also, asses and leather, cool.
huh. TIL
&gt; It's like that fuckbuddy of mine who never even heard of Army of Darkness Wut? Seriously, what's army of darkness?
mother of god this looks awesome
Galaxy of terror is hilarious looking. Shiiitttt, I'm gonna be binging this weekend sometime. Holllluy shit half in the bag is funny. &gt;is david just a total asshole? Also, wait, these are all 80's movies, are you old?
&gt; I was born in 84 but I have a giant ancient VHS collection and love bad movies you can usually only find in that format. &gt; you should start digitizing these films, so people my age will actually see them sometimes. Dear lord, will do. Worst best weekend ever.
High and tight recon is a Mohawk fwiw
No shit. It's because she also came out as republican. Mother fucking 'progressives' that are less accepting then right wing racists and shit. Just witnessed a 30 page thread on a gun board where 90% of the heavily conservative and libertarian people were supportive, vs this bullshit. my sides, are not the same. I should quit the internet for a couple days.
upvote, plus you also forgot the amount of hours worked, and dangerous jerbs stats too btw. Which, doesn't really apply to STEM stuff, But, it's totally a factor. Also, I sorta bit myself with nitric acid today.
This is as good an idea as my TV show idea. Basically, if you manage to fuck an alligator, literally, you win $2 million USD. Except, it's a 14 foot gator. We just need lots of yankees that think it's easy.
tagged you as smushed penny collecting nerd
seriously, if this happened to me, I'd be buying 38's and snow tires ASAP
See above.
we all cool, all cool. :)
Naw, I ate a mars bar and they came back :P
Want to be on my show? EDIT: a 14 footer that snaps it's tail will break your shin.
Ah yesssss, 24 mg dripper master race here. Can get shit faced and not want cigarettes.
how fat do you have to be to not fit in a mustang? SHIIITTTTT They're huge. For reference, at 5'10" and 250# I found a miata snuggy and comfortable, aside from me being a tad bit too tall with the roof up.
please tell me you two dated, he has some damn good tact.
Holy fuck. I would not have let fatty mc fatty into my lambo. Holy fuck this story got just 100X more interesting, lel
naw, they atleast need a fighting chance :P
I'm used to mud. Get treads?
Yes, actually, depending on models and pricing.
I'll just leave this here. Black guy raps in spanish ... in a country song. https://youtu.be/OgAdpMifIfw?t=174 But, it's also G rated, so it's not 'true' rap or some cultural appropriating thing.
Yep, also, can't he just order in a gun with a local to his sister FFL as a gift and just have her pick it up and fill out the 4473? Or is this now considered a straw purchase?
Shit, I thought all was kosher if the 4473 indicated the final transferee
Because being poor and stretching meat transcends cultures ffs
As was I. Not attacking ya
Sjw literally thinks men are like this. Oh god
king of the white knights then
Honestly, it depends, if it's a damscus steel barrel, it isn't safe to shoot. I would probably just load up some black powder rounds for it, because I couldn't stand having a gun I couldn't shoot. Don't do that, you're risking losing your hand. You *can* reline damascus steel barrels, which has been done on one of the parkers in a shop, but that's getting a bit expensive. Tl;dr: Bring it to a gunsmith and spend the $20 to figure it out.
I've drunkenly eaten a big bag of Olestra chips once, and was fine the next day. Am i magical?
Here's your daily reminder that a black slave owner invented slavery in the united states.
Hi Nolo, how's it going? good luck /u/2ALitigator How can we fund you?
you've got a foundation setup now? Coooll. Will have to donate
No, no I dond't. Thakns!
I'm kinda jealous. never tried the sugar free stuff.
10-4 gotcha. I only knew of this on arfcom :) Thank you :)
King arthur of the cellibates.
Oh baby!
duh!!!
Shockingly, no :P I just have problems with the crazy = hot.
It kinda is though. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/health/article-2765271/Fat-friends-make-eat-MORE-You-likely-ditch-healthy-eating-goals-eating-overweight-companions.html http://www.nytimes.com/2007/07/25/health/25iht-fat.4.6830240.html?pagewanted=all&amp;_r=0 &gt;The answer, the researchers report, was that people were most likely to become obese when a friend became obese. That increased one's chances of becoming obese by 57 percent.
No, it's ... since I'm such a strong male feminist, you OWE me to suck my cock or something.
Speaking for my cousin: Innocence till proven guilty. Even though that's currently disappearing.
FBI has a bad past, as does ATF
don't you guys have like 50-100 year bank loans on property due to this?
Move somewhere cheaper.
BEcause we know we can :)
I was more talking about: Ruby ridge being the entire cluster fuck that it was. WOOOO, lets kill women. Lets taunt the husband about his dead wife and son. WOOOO. Go read his testimonial to congress, google it. Waco being the cluster fuck it was. Same FBI sniper there as well. All sorts of lies. Lets talk about the most 'transparent administration in history' being as shady as nixon. Lets talk about the FBI wanting congress to ban encryption, because they can't see what you're talking about. Even though Obama AND the FBI previously supported the shit out of encryption for all. We can talk about internment camps, but that doesn't really capture the mentality of people in power NOW.
I'm loving how they're all in the same size, lel. BELOW YOUR FUBA! IN AN IDEAL WORLD I:D NOT HAVE A FUPA. I really don't think they know how sizing charts work. There's no way in hell they're all the same size.
Thanks wiki bot!
Huh, interesting and kinda wild. So theres no 'take 1/3 of my money and pay off a house in 20 years option" I can buy a decent house here for 80-100k
I mean, we dreamed up the flying crowbar. wikibot tell me about Supersonic Low Altitude Missile
