There is a good chance he won't.
I agree with what you're saying, the production isn't great right now, but I think it's worth pointing out that he's only 19. There is a reason why he was a first round pick, and was widely considered one of the best hitters in his draft. He hasn't gotten it done yet, but I think it's important to give him some time before we give up on him as a first baseman.
I think a lot of people had us as about a .500 team going into the season. The fact that we are a half game out of first is pretty surprising.
If no one else wants to be the Met ranker, I'll take it.
I'm not putting pants on until it's broken up.
If you want it, you can take it. I'm just kind of tired of seeing no blurb for the Mets lol.
\#Gay4Murph
At this point, me picking your team is a curse. Good thing I've got the Nats and Barves tomorrow.
Not everyone can be Nordic God level good.
As much as tonight has sucked, shit like this makes me love baseball.
I mean... he had 10 Ks and no walks in his 4 innings. This points more toward shitty luck than anything else. It's just crazy to see two starters in Cashner and Syndergaard to get so unlucky back to back.
Calling it now, both starters are going to do it tomorrow.
Surprised so many people like the final 3. Final 2 makes for a much more interesting end game imo.
A Woo and Kass final 2 would have been amazing.
He would've been awesome on S31.
Or maybe it's just that a lot of people find Kass entertaining...
The best survivor mind of the post-HvV era imo.
StL
&gt; I'm gay (hopefully OK on this subreddit) Sorry, but this cracked me up. Survivors online community is like, 50% gay. No one is going to have a problem with it here.
He's (she's?) my favorite poster on here and it's not even close.
That's was actually me yelling it from New Jersey.
Clint Robinson got picked off with Rendon at the plate and the tying run on second. *Noice*
It makes sense that Familia is being used a lot at this point in the season. He's one of the few actual major leaguers in our bullpen right now. He can rest when Black/ Parnell/ Blevins/ Carlyle/ Mejia come back.
Y'all are about to get Nale'd.
Chad is also king of the open mouth gape and the reason we got the "leg up on me" line from Chris.
Check the ratings of Russell's seasons compared to seasons with out him. There's no difference.
I'll go season by season 1. Dirk 2. Mike 3. Lindsey 4. Gabe 5. Robb 6. Shawna 7. Osten 8. Richard 9. Bubba 10. James 11. Amy 12. Bobby 13. Cao Boi 14. Rocky 15. Dave 16. Tracy 17. GC 18. Sydney 19. Russell 20. Tom 21. Jill 22. Stephanie 23. Stacey 24. Colton 25. Dawson 26. Allie 27. Brad 28. Brice 29. Drew 30. Joaquin
But that is a question that requires zero thought. Gomez is clearly better.
No it shouldn't.
If you want to stay away from spoilers, keep away from S11, 16, 20, 22, 23, 25, 26, and 27. They all feature returning players from other seasons. Watch all newbie seasons first.
You also got Pagan for Ramon Ramirez and Andres Torres, which has really been the only bad trade Sandy has made.
I don't care where the strike zone is, you can't have three backwards K's to end the game with a no-no going. Swing the damn bat.
"Yeah, but it was against the Mets." "Oh, that makes sense."
Well... At least we're getting Travis back. Edit: Oh by the way, we are STILL in first place. It certainly doesn't feel like it.
He would've had a better chance than Danny fucking Muno.
I never really understood this subs hatred of booing anyway. If you're unhappy with the way your team is playing, go ahead and boo. They're professional athletes, you're not going to hurt their feelings.
I guess I just don't see why booing is that big of a deal. If you are upset with what is happening, you should be able to boo, whether it's your manager, the umpire, a bench player, or an all-star. Like I said earlier in this thread, these guys are professionals, you are not going to hurt their feelings.
That doesn't make the losing any less frustrating.
Lol he was voted out three times. He threw a hissy fit after the Elyse and Keith TC's. He got worse with every season he went on.
*Smarjerry
Smeagolgery
He did it for SmartJerry.
The esurance commercials are a little more degrading imo.
Season 7 Episode 10 "Swimming With Sharks"
What, you guys couldn't get Roxy?
At that point, we should just tear it down and start a new one.
"Hi I'm Bartolo. I'm a very successful professional athlete" "Okay, we're totally invading this planet"
"I knew it was out of here, but I didn't want to get in the way of your homerun call" Keith is on fire tonight.
Barves playing with fire bringing up Big Bart.
A DH with bad fundies?
What about Dillon Gee in a wig?
Probably similarly to Flo in TAR 3. That being said, I think Sash wins that F3.
There are two outs.
Colon will be gone when Wheeler comes back.
It took a weird bounce, but it didn't hit the base.
I'm clenching big time over here.
Is Grilli not the Braves closer?
Yeah, but don't teams normally save their closer in extra inning games on the road?
She died, dude.
I don't think it was people not getting the reference, I just think they didn't find it funny. I have a hard time believing that many people don't know that line. I mean, it's one of the sidebar pics, it's pretty much common knowledge.
It's always worth a shot. Worse case scenario, you don't get and you move on. Best case scenario, you get to have the adventure of a lifetime. The board game thing will probably help you stick out of the group, but it won't be enough to get you on by itself. I say just give it 100% and see what happens.
WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON!!!!!!!
Not if Noah Syndergaard has anything to say about it.
No. Go full All-Stars or full newbies. I can't stand FvF or the one returning player per tribe formats.
Men: * Sean Kenniff * Butch Lockley * Rory Freeman * James Miller * Dreamz Herd * Dan Kay * Jimmy Tarantino * Greg "Tarzan" Smith * Zane Knight * Drew Christy Women * Debb Eaton * Zoe Zanidakis * Lil Morris * Wanda Shirk * Lisi Linares * Gillian Larson * Kelly Shinn * Stacey Powell * Angie Layton * J'Tia Taylor
What the fuck Sandy.
I love your username &lt;3.
I'd be willing to do the Met rankings.
I'd be willing to accept your support for me doing the Mets rankings.
Paul Goldschmidt is my hero.
LOL Batista tried to deke and it cost him. He ain't no Murph.
Carlos Torres making the best offense in baseball look bad... not something I expected to see today.
I really don't get TdA not pinch hitting there.
Holy fuck.
Nah Cecil is the closer.
What exactly are you talking about?
We can't turn double plays anyway.
Best game I've seen this year. Awesome all around.
Debatable.
Smarjorie taught him that.
Wiglesworth.
FUCK YOUR DH
Big inning coming up with 2-3-4 in their order.
pretty much anything.
Damn what a break.
I can't wait for Mejia, Blevins, Black, and Carlyle to return.
I'm okay with that. Just keep it in the ballpark.
Keep throwing that curve Bobby. It's looking good.
His breaking ball was awesome tonight. It would be huge if he could step up and be a dominant eighth inning guy.
Niese and Colon the next two days in that ballpark against that lineup is less than inspiring.
&gt;I remember the rest of the tribe sticking whoever's foot it was into a pan of hot water to cauterize it. That sounds like Robbbbb and the stingray to me.
Lol
This is my first game since Tuesday (fuck work) and having no Gary is so weird.
Mr. Buckethead?
&gt;The ~~un~~stoppable force that is the Mets offense meets the ~~im~~movable object that is the Braves bullpen FTFY
At this point, I wish we had starters that could hit.
Too many walks. Bench that scrub. s/
I don't know why anyone in casting thought Mike Borassi was a good idea.
Wanda and Jonathan.
Kass and Spencer
