Captivating comment, bro.
Definitely not lazy about handing them out, that's for sure.
Obvious troll is obvious. ;)
Um, yea. This is a huge problem, and one of the reasons I wish our world was mature enough for nuclear-powered cargo ships. But it isn't , and some yahoo would turn one into a bomb, or a maintenance tech who bought his certification would fall asleep on the job and the resulting explosion would turn the north Pacific into Hiroshima II. The fact that we have a perfect solution for this problem, yet don't have the competence to use it, is one of the biggest reasons I fucking hate the human race. So our options are to grow up and stop being a bunch of petty terrorists and learn to use high technology, or stop shipping shit half way across the earth simply because our repression of the third world creates huge labor cost savings. Or the third, which is business as usual, and it's our children's problem, and they can all choke to death because, fuck them: we're already dead.
You should research the TPP. Or maybe not, since it'll kill you.
Dirty bomb, and not really.
It hasn't passed yet.
Hyperbole to emphasize my frustration.
I think safety security are the biggest issues. The profit is so small that maintenance isn't always the best aboard shipping frighters. Not to mention bad guys.
Dick issues are the worst.
You can have disruptive change, which clearly causes riots in the streets of Paris, or you can manage change, and try not to have riots in the streets of Paris. I'm simply understanding the first and advocating for the second.
They're human beings trying to make a living in an age-old and now outdated business model. It's a good thing that you're not in charge of solving this problem, since your lack of basic human empathy would cause a lot more riots.
Is it a little hypocritical to condemn them but still use them?
Again, it's not right; it's reality. If you want to prevent them from rioting, they need some form of concession. Their industry is clearly dying, and that has to be managed so that it doesn't totally disrupt society. Preventing giant riots is priority 1.
Eh, they are what they are. I don't particularly like nor dislike cabs. But Uber is a better product, and taxis will either step it up or disappear. My guess is that they will be fewer, and nicer in the future, and Uber will take over a good chunk of market share forever.
People are pretty similar the world over. You might do just the same in their shoes. If their families are relying on the income from driving a taxi, then the stakes are high enough for people to start acting extreme. It's not right, but it's reality.
Only when there is increasing supply. Those licenses are so valuable in most places because there is a fixed number of them. In most cities they increase in value over time.
That there's no need to be angry, since you're already getting your way.
"Did you feel bad for the guys who worked at Blockbuster...?" ...I was 15 when I stopped using them, so I wasn't aware of the world. And that's exactly my point. This situation isn't unique, and it'll get sorted out. The winners will win, but that doesn't mean the employees of the old companies should be given the boot immediately. They need time to adapt or switch industries, so yes, I sympathize. How would you feel if that was happening to you? It's a bit awful to celebrate an entire career path disappear. You sound happy that a bunch of people are losing their jobs.
Ok, you've said that you dont use cabs anymore, but that you haven't gotten your way. Which is it?
Also true.
Why do you care if cab companies exist if you're already not using them? It's a little weird to take it so personally. IMO. You have options, so use the best one for you. Sheesh man, the passion about this topic is so strange. The anger is just feeding on itself at this point.
I asked about that quite a while ago, and dropped it when you said you don't take taxis anymore. You're still on the hypocritical thing, not me. I still say you're winning, but at this point, we're completely off topic. Uber will win in the end, and all the hurdles that cab companies are using are just delay tactics until the industry adapts. That's my only point.
Well said.
Also, that guy sounds like he suffers from a problem where once he knows something, he thinks everyone should know it. Sounds like a lack of awareness about how people work in general.
Liking muscles isn't necessarily superficial. It shows determination, discipline, and that you tale your health seriously. All attractive things.
This is an interesting study on the English language and how it changes over time. "May" was written as "is allowed to," but is being used as "has the choice to." Of course, it would be better if it wasn't for this purpose, but what can you do? Also, this can't last long.
Black or white, it's a pretty stupid saying.
Good post! It's probably a good idea to secure anything sensitive as well. Lock up the diary, password the laptop and phone, etc. You can get a cheap lockbox from an office supply store.
Ick. Buy a good one then.
At what point does the fully modeled vag show up?
&gt; It felt like they were only interested in making cool screenshots rather than a playable game. Don't forget imposing their sexual fantasies on the characters!
I was joking, since I had seen that already and thought it was creepy as fuck. So maybe people thought you didn't get the joke? No worries though, thanks for the response.
I thought this was a gamer convention...
I live in Chicago. It's awesome.
Yep. &gt; Albuquerque That's not the Midwest, though. And many Midwest cities are on the Great Lakes or on a river. Minnesota is known as the land of 10,000 lakes.
Updated plastic bits, nice.
Sounds like you're well on your way! * I'll admit that I don't often do a daily task list. I manage a dozen programs for over 300 facilities, so my days often go off the rails quickly with phone calls and emails. Instead, my Outlook calender keeps my daily meetings and I simply refer to my weekly task list every day to see what items I can accomplish. My goal is to migrate nothing to the following week. * I tried a monthly task list initially, but I almost never filled it out as I cruised straight from the 31st to 1st and there was too much at work to stop and create one ( also why I don't keep daily lists). Again, my Outlook keeps meetings that move frquently, so a monthly appointment list isn't useful to me. In 2016, I'm changing this to a Quarterly task list instead, and only writing the larger-scope items there. My department is quarterly focused so this lines up well. A few things I will need to be aware of going forward is to make sure I check my quarterly tasks regularly to keep on track, and I want to better manage my days. I'm considering using 30 minutes at the beginning or end of my day to update my BuJo and file things.
Hey thanks for the info. I didn't include any retirement savings in my post, which is about $10k a year as well. I just ran the numbers and my breakdown is: $32,268 expenses $15,750 in taxes $56,982 in savings. 'Savings' may be dubious. I just paid off all my credit cards, and now that savings will be split between my retirement accounts, paying off student loans ($21,000 per year is our target toward the loans), and saving for a house. Our house savings should reach our $30,000 goal by 2018. So to use your formula, my percentage is 63.8%. That's a little high though, since I think we'll spend a couple thousand this year on clothing and the occasional movie ticket. Our new lifestyle is pretty stressful, so we're looking for low-cost outlets to relax. Thanks!
Um... you moved from a market low-point to a cash high-point. I'm a little worried about you.
Hey, um, if wavelength expands, then it's energy decreases, right? Isn't energy of a wave related to its frequency? So if its red-shifted, the light has lost energy through a frequency shift in order to maintain the constant velocity c? Is that at all what is happening, or just ridiculous?
Exact same hit totaled my GTI in April. Sorry, man, that's rough.
Everyone has a different opinion, but you can get a good sale with any route if you're careful. Don't show up with cash and do the transaction at a bank. Make sure the title is in the same name as the person selling it to you, etc. The car should still be under warranty, so ask which dealership did the service and ask to see the receipts. The dealership may even give you the service history if you call and say you're thinking of buying (that's a guess, they might not due to privacy of the owner). You can even test drive the car to that dealership and have them look it over and verify that it's up to date on service. Best practice is to take it to a mechanic and do a $100-$200 mechanical check on any used car anyway. Also, remember that the value of the car is independent of who sells it to you. The guy can get more from a private sale than a trade in, which is why he's selling that way. However, the price you pay for the car should be about the same, no matter who's selling it. It's just a matter of knowing the value and only paying that much.
People like this are obviously dedicated. But where the hell do they find the time to get to this level? This is like 5+ hours of gym time daily.
First book for me was Where the Red Fern Grows. I was like, 10 maybe?
Looks a lot better, IMO. I did some googling because of the haters in here: &gt;Q: Are wheel spacers safe to use or do they cause extra stress on your axle or wheel bearings? &gt;A: High quality wheelspacers, the kind that bolt up to your axle first are no more dangerous or cause any more stress to your axles then would a wheel with less backspacing. Anyone who tries to tell you otherwise doesn't know what they're talking about and I have yet to hear a single good or specific explanation as to exactly how they are worse. Just to be clear, the cheap-o spacers (the kind that you can get at PepBoys and are sandwiched between your wheel and axle using the existing wheel studs) are in fact EXTREMELY DANGEROUS. These cheap-o spacers leave little thread for your lug nuts to hold onto and can fail. DO NOT USE THESE! [Source](http://www.jk-forum.com/forums/modified-jk-tech-2/how-safe-wheel-spacers-46971/) That was a quick search, and I'm sure there are far better sources out there, but this seems like a reasonable answer to me.
2009 is the safest MKV due to the switch from FSI to TSI engine designation, which most imporantly means the engine switched from a timing belt to a timing chain. It technically switched at the MY 2008.5, but I never bothered to figure out how to tell a later 2008 from a newer one, but it's possible. For the car you linked, my initial reaction is that the price is high, though I'm only familiar with the US market and don't know how that changes in Canada. Definitely look at what scheduled maintenance is coming up, since the expensive one is every 20,000 miles in US-spec cars, and that car is approaching 100,000 miles. Since its FSI, definitely look at when that belt needs to be replaced. You'll want to try to reduce the price further if those services haven't been done.
I paid $15,000 USD for my 2009, but that was 3 years ago and it was certified pre-owned with 56,000 miles. It was under very different circumstances.
&gt; My (ex) husband was a great trainer, was able to spot plateaus and change my workouts, able to advice me on my diet (and I love to eat, so my progress was a bit slower but I enjoyed it more). I never knew, for example, the importance of the order in which you do particular exercises. So many people put in the effort but did not bother to educate themselves on quality posture and movement over sheer quanity; or, would run 40 minutes straight sweating profusely but at the same rate instead of running for a shorter period and doing interval training. I think you're downplaying how hard it is to learn this stuff when you don't know or can't afford a trainer. I'm teaching myself fitness and it's taken me over a year just to get myself into what I consider decent form and a basically supportive core. And that's with a free gym attached to my work, subreddits like this, and instructor-lead classes. The time commitment is also in the learning curve - not just in performing the exercise.
That's definitely a possibility, but the offers started arriving within a week, and well before the 30-day period it typically takes for a score update. Unless they have access to faster updates than I do. :P
I don't know about cars, but since the beginning of 2015 when the Canadian dollar dropped, Canadian companies started pouring raw and scrap materials into the US market. So yeah, it's a smart business move for sure.
Then the 80's happened and prudishness and terrible looking clothes took over for 25 years.
You get to negotiate every time the contract is renewed. The most obvious example is when someone is up for reelection.
I'm a Chicagoan and I didn't hear about this until I heard an npr story *last week.* I'm sorry that your community has been suffering this long without a solution. It's a tragedy. I've done work on underground water systems and dealt with some water treatment. My first reaction is that whoever made these decisions should have known better or asked some experts before screwing with the water system. This sort of thing is easily prevented with even minimal due diligence, and should have been dealt with quickly. I'm sad that this happened to you.
Do you remember when r/jailbait was part of the google listing for Reddit? Took a very long time for that to be changed.
A big problem is the nature of most atheists, and it's outside mod control. When people reach the age of forming their own beliefs they either double down on what they've been taught or go in another direction. So internet atheist communities are almost guaranteed to comprise of young people who recently switched their beliefs to atheism, feel lied to by the adults in their lives, and express their anger by calling believers idiots.
Lol, I apologize for speaking casually and not using legally defensible language. Enjoy r/atheism.
There was no nudity.
Informative post, thank you. I don't have a background in finance, so this basic things that most people know are still new to me.
How so? That's my honest opinion of that sub, but you went after the syntax of how I wrote it rather than engaging with my point. If you want to have a substantial conversation, embrace a topic in good faith and don't nitpick word choice. That's pretty far down on the [hierarchy of disagreement](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/7c/Graham's_Hierarchy_of_Disagreement.svg), and calling me immature when I didn't engage in a pointless debate about the meaning of 'most' puts you another step or two below that. So do you have a counterpoint to my assessment of that sub, or will you respond with another witty jab that lacks substance?
Read some of my other comments about that, I already addressed it.
Well that escalated quickly.
Bummer. Ty came to my neighborhood early on in that show and when we drove past he was actually building something under a canopy put up in the front yard, with no cameras nearby. My mom screamed 'Tyyyy!' as loud as she could as we passed by on the busy street; the windows rolled down on her '90 Camry. He looked up, waved, and had a huge smile. It's a shame that changed.
Sure, why not?
Just curious, but what did those cost you? I'd love to have an injection molding machine. I worked in a rubber injection plant for a while, but we used Rep and Desma presses.
Good to know, thanks!
What's your goal here? Do you want me to say that I exaggerated? Will that make you feel like you've won, or something?
Keep fighting that fight, brother. You'll change the world someday.
How? Do they plan to operate each store with fewer people on the floor? Edit: I can't find anything about that claim other than a Walmart watchdog quote saying something like, 'it's hard to find someone with a substantial raise without their hours being cut.' Which isn't a hard and fast fact, IMO, just political posturing. The fact that Walmart is closing hundreds of thousands of stores, paying workers more, and expects operating revenue (or was it profit?) to decline by $1.7 Billion at the end of FYI 2017 makes me think they are closing low-margin stores and focusing on one's that can sustain the higher wages to employees. Maybe I don't have all the facts, but that's my initial impression. I know Walmart is a punching bag around here, but they're one of the most respected companies in the sustainability field. They were one of the first companies to adopt sustainability goals and push compliance onto their suppliers. That doesn't redeem them for past employment sins, but it's not as if the company is an evil empire, either. I'm hopeful that the changes in wages will catch up their employment policies with their other leading initiatives.
How much have they reduced headcount during that time? Sorry to nitpick this, but you're saying things are happening and I can't find information to back any of it up.
Of course that is what happened. The people who made the videos weren't considering the law when they made them. They believe their cause is above the law, and that justifies any and all actions to stop abortions.
I'm not proud of this. I was head over heels for her, but she insisted that we should take a break and get back together "in one year." I fell for it. In that year, she moved in with another guy, Facebook stalked me and reappeared in my life any time another woman showed interest in me - and did so just long enough to scare her away - all the while telling me I was her one and only blah blah. It was amazing manipulation. She would show up, get drunk, initiate sex (most of the time calling it off before it got going), and then cry to me about how I was the only person who called her beautiful or made her feel special, and how she should have never left me. Rinse and repeat at least once per month. If she didn't show up, it was a phone call asking for help for something or other. In that year I was such an emotional wreck that I trashed almost all of my friendships, nearly failed out of school, and was forced out of my Fraternity in disgrace. I befriended the kind of people who enjoy emotional wrecks, and who were themselves terrible people which made things even worse. She later admitted that she was trying to hurt me as much as possible *for an entire year.* That's when I realized there are bad people in the world. I was 21.
You brave soul
A Reddit argument won't change anything, but that hasn't stopped me from taking them way too seriously
*TRP
I've always hated TRP, and one of my biggest issues was that they weaponize PUA tactics so that they can be used in relationships, and then they teach these aggressive, manipulative, abusive behaviors to children. So now you have kids manipulating and abusing each other into sex. However, I never expected them to actually create a teen-oriented sub. Wonderful. I'm sure these lowly pieces of garbage are proud of themselves.
Some things said in this subreddit are so perfect that it's like a warm blanket.
The loan I have is $25k at 5% fixed currently. The offer is for 3.565% adjustable, based on the LIBOR.
I really don't know. We're trying to aggressively pay off debt and save for a home, but it's difficult to do both. My wife has a lot more debt at higher interest rates than this particular loan, so those take priority. I'm guessing that this loan will be in the 10+ year range for a payoff. :/ The biggest factor is that our financial situation isn't stable over the next five years, so I can't give you a great answer. And 25k, I fat fingered my edit above.
I had to look that up aaaaaand goodbye to one hour spent on a wikipedia rabbit hole about the rotation of Earth. Cool history on the Southern Cross though.
I remember when Hotmail was like gmail - all the cool kids had it. But AOL was always aol.
Ugh, that whole top comment chain is terrible. He doesn't have to become president and permit hate crimes to be held responsible for flaming racial tension. It's pretty obvious he's doing that already, yet they claim he can't because he's not president yet. Terrible arguments.
What's mary-sueing?
I've been in your shoes. My ex fucked my shit up. Oddly, I met my wife when I had finally given up trying to date people to cover the pain and was ready to start working on myself. Then she unfucked my shit. :) IME, you have the right attitude to move on and get past this.
Yes, SRD isn't good enough for the high class posting that signifies r/all. How dare we compare ourselves to those so clearly superior to us.
THE MIGHTY KARMA OF R/ALL SHALL NOT BE QUESTIONED
Awesome explanation, thank you.
Oh wow, didn't expect that post by GayLubeOil. He's one of the most well know red pill supporters around and trolls PurplePillDebate routinely. He only has two modes: total nut job and troll. I can't believe anyone would make him a mod of anything.
Oh, nice. I didn't realize there were multiple parts. Thanks!
*as RedPillers.
I honestly can't tell the difference between his actual beliefs and his trolling, so I ignore everything he says. He has a huge following though.
I don't know specifically, but I don't doubt he's said something that strange.
Yeah, that's the 'wall' concept and they claim a woman is no longer sexually attractive by 25 (at the very latest), and they get desperate to secure a husband and settle down. This leads to the theory that women nearing 30 are all used up whores with a disgusting past and are desperate to lock down an unsuspecting nice guy before her looks totally give out. Of course, said nice guy has always been an angel and the woman is using him horribly for his money and stability, and she doesn't actually love him despite him cherishing her. You can see their own desperation and lack of socializing in that theory of the world. And it also shows how young, or at least immature, the majority of RP'ers are. If 16 is the paragon of attractiveness, then they're operating at a Jr. High level of sexual maturity - high school at best. GLO says this stuff and worse, but it's unclear to me how much of it is genuine belief and how much is exaggerated to troll people who disagree with him.
Yep. See what I mean? Total nutcase/troll.
Cool question, and I'm struggling to answer. Either, 1. Accepting bribes at work because I'm in a purchasing department, or, 2. Sleeping with one of my students. Though they're college aged so not illegal, which would just confuse them more I think. Shit, I'm so law abiding that if I saw me getting arrested I wouldn't know why.
Oh for sure, but I've seen people do business as one entity and have all assets owned by a separate legal entity or a trust, possibly in someone else's name altogether. The entity you're conducting business with actually owns nothing and so there's nothing to gain in a suit besides operating funds.
The cartoon villian devised his plot and is impressed by his own cleverness.
Ugh, I have no tolerance for that argument. Pedos aren't oppressed by society, they're shafted by their biology or whatever it is that makes them attracted to people who can't physically have sex. Society isn't being mean by protecting children from physical and mental harm.
Doesn't affect the woman anyway? Doesn't affect? Are they fucking serious? I got beat up by a bad bouncer once (he was right to throw me out since it was closing time and I talked back, but not right to throw me to the ground and throw a punch, dude was 3X my size) and lost my shit over it for a few days. I felt incredibly physically violated. And that was a single, stupid PUNCH. It's nothing compared to rape. I think these guys actually need to be beaten up. Not because it would satisfy me to hurt them or anything sadistic, but because they would finally have the slightest bit of perspective on what it feels like to be at the complete mercy of a person who is harming you and won't stop.
Only took until the second paragraph for a large red flag to be raised. &gt; Let’s put this in perspective, using gasoline as an example. Currently, market forces largely dictate prices at the pump. But suppose instead we have a single gasoline supplier -- which also owns all the means of delivering gasoline -- and government-set retail prices -- which don't reflect gasoline's relative scarcity at different times or locations. This is analogous to how our electricity “market” works. Now that we've oversimplified electricity markets to the point that it's almost meaningless, let's prepare for it to be used as a straw man to rail against policies that don't actually exist. I've written this without reading further, so this is a prediction for the rest of the article. Let's keep going. Nope, more strawmen first: &gt; Now imagine a new technology that allows individual consumers to produce their own gasoline. Say that an individual producer wants to share his gasoline with his neighbor. What price should he get for it? First question: who is providing the transportation from you to your neighbor? You or a utility company? Who is controlling the quality of the gasoline to make sure its the same as the gasoline as provided by the grid? You or a utility company? Ok, this is just poorly written. We just jumped into grid utilization trends without an introduction as to why it's important, and then immediately jumped to reliability trends, also without introduction. Then this: &gt; To criticize NEM for creating inefficiencies would be like blaming a scale for making a person overweight. What? So far you haven't mentioned anyone criticizing NEM for the two issues you stated above, so who is the boogeyman? So far we've set up three bad guys: an oversimplified monopoly analogy, proposing you have a 'right' to sell volatile regulated chemicals to your neighbor, and now some unmentioned nay-sayers that blame grid unreliability on NEM, without linking to a single source that does that. I hope we get to a point soon. Next are claims that NEM has revealed market problems, and sparked a discussion on revamping pricing models, yadda yadda. Not sure either are 100% true, but it doesn't really matter how those two things were started, so meh. Ok, next: &gt; Furthermore, NEM customers are pioneering a more efficient grid. Rooftop solar heralds a series of customer-sited technologies -- collectively known as distributed energy resources (DERs) -- that promise to make the grid more robust, cleaner and less costly. DERs, including smart thermostats, electric vehicles, energy storage, and automated appliances, can optimize consumption and supply depending on both the needs of users and the grid. They can create new business opportunities, like the peer-to-peer sharing models of Uber and Airbnb. They can also minimize the role of the public sector in the power industry. When customers invest in DERs, they use private capital, not utility capital that the public -- that is, ratepayers -- must ultimately repay. Holy shit. Every sentence is a grandious claim that NEM will save the universe. Thanks guy, you just avalanched a whole lot of claims at once. Are you hoping no one will call you on them? 1. More Efficient grid: No. Generating closer to use means less loss during transmission, but user-level solar is about half as efficient as larger, utility-scale solar installations. A big field of panels produces twise as much energy per square foot of panel, and transmission losses are not 50%. 2. DER: True. Distributed generation allows for a more robust grid, but solar isn't the only possibility. CHP, wind, geothermal, and smaller power plants all have this possibility. However, the grid isn't designed to handle this very well. Back when the grid was first laid out, large power plants were more efficient than small ones, so it made more sense to have large plants far away. To reverse this, we need the smart grid which requires grid investment spending, something that the author said was a bad thing in paragraph 3. In fact, rooftop solar also requires a smart grid, again - grid investment spending! 3. &gt; DERs, including smart thermostats, electric vehicles, energy storage, and automated appliances, can optimize consumption and supply depending on both the needs of users and the grid. Dude, that=smart grid=investment. 4. Peer sharing of electricity: Not really. You can already create a co-op with your neighbors, but this is a smart grid concept that is harder to implement than it sounds. You can't just run your own wires to your neighbors house and hope it works because the energy you supply needs to have the same frequency as the grid unless you both disconnect completely. If you supply a different voltage or frequency of electricity, you can cancel out the wave to zero, or on the other hand, start fires and blow things up. Electrical appliances do not respond well to inconsistent electricity. This is why it's not quite so simple. 4. Remove public sector: Again, false. Someone has to make sure the electricity is stable and consistent, and a reliable grid is a national security concern. We can't all turn into pioneer hippies and expect our country to work as well as it needs to. Someone has to step in and coordinate things. &gt; NEM is simply a first-generation mechanism. It is blunt and imprecise, but we should expect that for any first-generation product -- especially when it operates in a “market” hitherto controlled by governments and monopolies. &gt; Encouraging customer investments in DERs requires new pricing mechanisms to compensate DERs for the benefits they provide. The author greatly inflated those benefits and downplayed the investment required to allow them. OK, I've had enough. This guy is all over the place. He's confusing about 174 different things all at once in the article. &gt; Herein lies the rub for many utilities and the policymakers who govern them. The century-old monopoly model will naturally resist murmurs of a free market or entry by new suppliers, especially when those suppliers are currently captive customers and constituents. Alright, we've reached the bottom line: this author only partially understands how the grid works. First, there are two things you pay for: energy supply and transmission of that energy. Second, those are combined into utility monopolies in some states, but many have separated those two. The utility stays the same, but you are allowed to purchase your energy from whoever you want, including 100% renewable energy. This article completely ignores that reality. Third, if you live in a deregulated state and you sell power back to the grid, you can only sell the value of the energy provided, but you still have to pay the utility for providing the grid to transport it. That's why selling back gets you about half the price as the combined cost of buying it. Four, the biggest issue with this article as written is that in order to achieve its goals, more grid investment is needed with a much more sophisticated smart grid. Only then can net metering actually work, since you need a grid that can rapidly respond to a large percentage of renewable energy producing households. On top of that, existing power plants aren't set up for that and can't operate in that environment and still cover their own costs. Those need to be torn down and replaced or operated in an entirely different way. Bottom line - this guy wants expensive toys without paying for them.
