Yes, but if you are mad about having insurance then you probably don't understand your insurance.
Decay spam makes ES hit like a wet blanket and fold like a card table during the laning stage and a good Tombstone will reset the CD timing on blink late game.
Beastmaster hawk...
Hrmm, jungle techies sounds terrible. I get that there are bad techies players but there are bad carry players and bad supports and bad offlaners in almost every game too. Techies has three 5 key timings, three of which are critical. Once he gets the first 3, everything else is mind games. * Soul Ring (mana efficiency) * Arcane Boots (mana efficiency + soul ring trick) [shitty roaming techies goes tranquils] * Level 6 (Remote bombs, turns you into lane dominator) * Aghs (more efficiency/ability to participate some in team fights) * Force Staff (main defense against gems)
Well everything can work in the right circumstances but generally TB is god awful in this meta where just about every hero is truly viable.
Sad to see you are downvoted for recognizing the truth. Belief is so often the death of reason.
I just don't think ET gets enough farm as a support and needs to fix his mana issues asap.
All I know is I don't want to be around a cop with a gun drawn regardless of whether I did or didn't do anything wrong. Too many examples of "mistakes" being made to count at this point.
Pets added because fuck you.
Personal Jesus is always supportive of your bigotry.
I think it is the opposite: does your team need magic resistance / channeling help? Glimmer. Otherwise Force Staff.
It is a half joke but yes I do think we take a much keener interest in players who score on us than we otherwise would. * Moses * Willian * Salah * Remy * Costa (I am not sure if a PK counts) * Ba Probably missing a few.
You're trying to retrofit a bad idea (term limits) with an even more questionable idea around politicizing who a politician can talk to.
There are term limits. They come up every two years for Reps and six years for Senators.
Why? These things are always about average play, not most consistent play or length in the competition.
&gt; According to FIFA, 14% of injuries on grass were non-contact-related while the figure rose to 22% on the turf. ... &gt; the NFL’s Injury and Safety Panel presented a study finding that anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) injuries happened 88 percent more often in games played on FieldTurf than in games played on grass. In 2012, the NFL Injury and Safety Panel published an independently funded analysis of actual game data over the 2000-2009 seasons. Their statistically significant findings showed a 67% higher rate of ACL sprains and 31% higher rate of eversion ankle sprains. In other words, the best turf in the world blows out knees and ankles at much higher rates than grass. There isn't a debate about turf to be had here. It is simple about allocating resources to improve the quality of the game which is FIFA's stated mission.
&gt;Edit: but that wasn't my point anyway. My point was that your turf is shitty cheap turf that can't be compared to professional turf. Actually the turf I play on is rated FIFA 2 star but that won't change your view I am sure.
&gt; I don't know what you want. Studies not paid for by organizations selling the product under review and qualitative analysis of high severity injuries relative to grass, with a focus on non-contact injuries, and not just frequency of all injuries regardless of severity.
If you are going to ignore the nuance of what is said then I can't respond to you.
In that case, thank you for your contribution but I think you aren't paying close attention then.
Urn sucks on Invoker.
He got a nice pay raise, he knew the form Dave and Ivanovic were in. It is his job to win the starting role and obviously he believed he could.
I don't think exhaustion is still a good excuse given the number of games he didn't play in.
This is what makes sense to me but I think Mourinho has different ideas. I'd also like to see Remy get more starts next season simply to keep Costa healthy.
I don't see what you are raging against. Tactically we don't use three strikers however Barcelona does use three strikers (and has at least one on the bench--so realistically a team using three strikers actually needs 4-5 for depth). When Remy comes on to the wing for Chelsea, he isn't playing a striker, he is playing an inside forward just like Hazard and Willian, that is to say he isn't leading the line. If we wanted to play like Barcelona we would need a better midfield (and arguably more possession oriented wing backs) to make up for the lack of responsibility our version of N-S-M would have on the defensive side of the ball. We aren't Barcelona so none of that matters. We play one striker, maybe two in desperation time--Barcelona plays three strikers-- not two wingers and a striker as you suggest.
Andy Lee has the best chance to be the first punter to make it into the NFL Hall of Fame. He probably won't because of being a Punter but he might be the best of all time at his position.
I have a 66% techies winrate and went up against a Techies player the other day. Game was easy and ended at 38 minutes. I just got a laugh checking dotabuff as the radiant techies was "laned" in the dire jungle for the first 10 minutes of the game.
Carries who complain never play support or play support badly on purpose to support the idea that they are a carry player.
Dave is not available. Don't even thinking about it.
Jupiter Crash
You guys really don't want Wilshere so you might as well just let him go free.
0.94 goals per 90 minutes.
The two strikers ahead of him have higher than average injury risks and Chelsea plans to compete in four major competitions.
No, /r/politics (among others) was removed because Reddit learned that it was big enough to focus on the lowest common denominator and that people are more likely to return to the site if they only saw information they already agreed with. Like all recent decisions, this is about commercializing Reddit and making it more appetizing to advertisers.
More than /r/libertarian or /r/ancap or /r/socialism or /r/conservative? I think we both know the answer.
And /r/neutralpolitics. I don't really see your point though. /r/politics is simply the biggest mixed audience and doesn't *pretend* to be topically unbiased.
Oh I guess I am starting to understand. Why would you think /r/politics is neutral in a system that rewards popularity?
You used to be able to hover over the dagger and see the range but they disabled that which effectively screwed over the learning curve for all new players.
It seems far more delusional to suggest politicians like Hillary Clinton are leftists.
I can't stand playing with bots. I am sure that mode is effective for some people but it is unplayable in my view (eg there is no fun).
Maybe 20M if Cech is worth 10M?
Exactly. There is a left in the US, some just don't identify their leftist ideas as being leftist.
Well then he loses when his opponents tell the people who stand to lose the most.
He would be worth £50m when he shits the bed next season while wrecking team chemistry and your offers for him will be £20m or less with one year left on his contract.
I would be more concerned with what you don't know, like what extremely unhappy player does to the moral of the rest of your team.
Sounds like a good reason to sell him at £40m.
Exactly this. Paying lip service is nice but not ask effective as walking the walk and encouraging his followers to walk it with him.
Abaddon is a better support than core. Lina is a better core than support.
I was speaking generally. If there are unjust laws, they generally don't just get overturned expeditiously as /u/xadakis somewhat implies. &gt;Breaking the law, and endangering lives in the service of attention for your cause is not reasonable. He didn't endanger anyone and breaking the law is what Rosa Parks did so there are indeed times one should break the law in protest. It isn't as black and white as you suggest, though this man is no Rosa Parks. The point is your logic is flawed.
I don't recall calling the FAA regulations unjust but I haven't studied them either.
Ok, well you misinterpreted.
I don't know, any emphasis on 'racial integrity' seems pretty fucked up.
I am truly disappointed for Kitchen as I think he deserves a chance to earn the Kyle Beckerman position. Hamid would have been on the bench the entire tournament so it isn't necessarily a snub. On the upside this allows Kitchen and Hamid to focus on winning the league which is the most important thing.
None of your examples have fought successful campaigns with light arms versus modern hardware. ISIS loses literally every battle the US provides modest air support to the Kurds.
Obviously I am joking a bit but we really aren't as exceptional as we'd like to believe ourselves to be. A severe economic downturn, a cutoff from the food supply due to weather, a significant terrorist event, an oil crisis, a destructive malware attack... these are not unrealistic.
The uneducated don't support liberty as they don't know what it is or means.
None of those examples are total war (which civil wars tend to bend towards) and you are dismissing the impact of (lack of) air support in all those conflicts or particular events.
Dark Seer you kind of should know if you are getting a melee enemy carry so you can effectively disrupt early game farm.
Sharks are attacking people because their feeding grounds are shrinking due to climate change and over fishing; both are human caused issues.
Yeah but he'll still be worth it with good management.
Maybe you've heard of John Taylor?
I don't think that example is very good because 50 cs / 10 min should still be a target as a contested mid. It probably should just make it more clear you were heavily harassed.
Wasn't this his first role since his Opera meltdown? That's what also made it kind of perfect.
And when you get e. coli from imported but unlabeled German bean sprouts where will your smugness be? http://www.nytimes.com/2011/06/06/world/europe/06germany.html
Keys to the Hero: * Broadly known as an "anti-carry" due to Static Link removing damage from enemies and giving it to you along with Unstable Current slowing and doing damage briefly to anyone attacking you. This allows you to stand toe to toe with most enemies without issue most of the game. * Razor is a good hero against melee heroes, especially in 1v1 lanes as static link and early boots will win you the lane. Also good against ranged heroes but you become more reliant on Plasma Field and controlling runes for mana. * Static Link gives you damage even if you've drained it all the attack damage from your enemy so keep it going for as long as possible. You can also drain enemy illusions so feel free to go for a max Link off them. * Static link and Eye of the Storm both work if Razor goes invisible *after* using these skills. I don't recommend shadow blade but if you bottle an invis rune it can be quite fun. * Static Link and Eye of the Storm pierce magic immunity so don't give any fucks about BKB or Omniknight repel. * Plasma Field is your main nuke and is used to bully your enemies out of lane as well as speed up your farm. The energy field does damage twice, once out and once back with max damage when fully extended. Ergo, the key is to hit your enemies when it is max distance which becomes second nature once you get used to it. Bonus (gold) for farming creeps at the same time. * You tend to get all your skills off very quickly so Razor does exceptionally well against silence in all phases of the game. * The ultimate (w/o Aghs) targets the lowest health enemy in range and while the damage is important, don't underestimate the -1 armor per hit versus enemy heroes. * Razor is one of the few heroes in the game that can use a Refresher to double ultimate which is awe-inspiring and strikes fear into all who oppose you. * Eye of the Storm when upgraded by Aghs targets towers and barracks over creeps and enemies which melts these objectives. * Unstable Current will proc immediately when Spirit Breaker charges you so if you are paying attention you will almost never get a surprise charge. Skills: * Value point in Static Link which is good for level 1 rune fights. * Max Eye of the Storm (Ult) and Plasma Field when possible * At least one value point in Unstable Current by level 4. Likely prioritize Static Link over Unstable Current. Item Builds: * There are two main ways to play Razor and it doesn't change too much depending on the lane you are in (the main difference likely is you won't need a bottle in the safelane). (1) Race car or (2) Pushing * Race car (or fighting) Razor for me is the standard build as it synergizes best with your kit which is positioning (but not blink) reliant. Both Plasma Field and Static Link require you to stay at a certain range from your enemy so being faster than your opposition is helpful. This means Phase Boots over Treads. Aquila is an efficient first item but maybe drums if there is a lot of nukes for the early ehp and MS. Yasha minimally to accelerate your MS and farm with situational consideration into S&amp;Y or Manta . Hint: the slow from Sange is nice when static linking, the Manta is good to shed debuffs and to push a bit harder. Get BKB if needed followed by Butterfly (against right click) or Heart (against magic/burst spam). * The more gimmicky build (imo) is the pushing build. Probably get Aquila and Treads in this strategy. A lot of pros will get Mekanism which certainly is useful at a good timing window. At this point you really have to decide if you are committed to this strategy and if you are then you get Aghs and Refresher though this can weigh your team down until each item gets completed. BKB if necessary at any point. With Aghs and two ults going, you can take objectives very very quickly and basically no one can stop you or want to push into you. If they try, just static link them and right click them to death. Repeat every 60 seconds until game is over. * Other items for consideration: Desolator is a great win more/faster item for either build. Halbert is an excellent choice if the game is hard and you need to deal with right-clicks from an enemy like Ursa who can burst through Static Link though Blademail works better in some situations. Assault Cuirass is also a very good item some games since it fits his playstyle in either race car or push mode. MKB or Daedalus are also pretty standard items to get if Static Link isn't providing the damage your team needs though Razor isn't optimized to be a true scaling carry. Lastly I will mention Diffusal Blade which now is very useful in getting off max damage Static Links and is a great counter to Omniknight ult.
As long as he game manages and the defense carries him, I definitely think it is possible. If the game has to be put on Alex Smith's arm, it ain't gonna happen.
He falls off a lot less hard these days with the new creep auras and new Chen ability to split push with his creeps. But yes, he falls off. I am not a pro-Chen player but typically if you aren't get harassed in the jungle during laning you will create enough space that your team can snowball and advantage. Plus it is never a game where no wards are being bought because the supports are too poor.
And here I though our central midfield situation was far worse.
Look, if you think playoffs change captain checkdown into a Joe Montana superhero, I ain't gonna stop you. I just am more than happy to take the other side of that bet. The reality to me is Alex Smith's success is contingent on the defense generating turnovers and good field position and to a lesser extent the offensive line talent... most of which he ultimately wastes but field goals do add up. Yes, he had to throw deep in these playoffs games to stay in the game and to an extent it payed off. I just wouldn't bet my Super Bowl hopes on it if i was the Chiefs. Hope the defense stays strong in pass defense and let West and Ware run down the clock. The moment Alex Smith has the win the game with his arm is the moment the Chiefs go off script.
Enigma is a worse ganker and is reliant on a skill with a very long cool down for relevancy which makes it harder to apply consistent pressure. Engima also can't split push as safely. That's the trade off but certainly both can work.
The first four people who instantly picks cores and then start acting like entitled children demanding the fifth player to pick the support of their choosing... and then when that doesn't happen start saying "gg" and "report &lt;fifth player&gt;". If you want a support, pick a goddamn support. Don't pick what you want and then attempt to takeaway other's right to choose their own hero.
Yeah but the police aren't being paid overtime. The lawyers haven't collected their fee. The politicians don't get a chance to receive ~~bribes~~ campaign donations from both sides, etc.
I don't mind paying for good staff, but it seems to me more than a few players are being overpaid. If this was Football Manager (it isn't), it time to slash and burn underperforming, highly paid players older than 28 and sell or loan (for full wages) off the hot prospects who aren't performing or playing respectively. The savings need to be rolled into new talent for next season.
Ivanovic has always been the weak link in the defense even when we weren't giving up goals. It has just become more apparent because of some ridiculous misplays that have led to goals in the last 12 months. Hell, Salah scoring on us that led us to buying him was a clear exploit of Ivanovic. This shit isn't new information
Hero fantasies get me so hot and bothered.
He turned up in the place Pedro should have been.
Blehs
https://www.opensecrets.org/overview/sectors.php
There is a direct link between the Orthodox Russian Church and Putin's position on gay rights.
Pick TA, Pugna, Nyx, Pudge. Win game.
A parameter could be that they will start on a particular start date. Doesn't mean they are the objective best, just the best within your parameters.
Look we both agree you are very confused.
When I was new and playing slark like 2 years ago I used to build soul ring. I still think it is a decent item on him because even when you tread switch you run out of mana a lot if you are having a really active early game. The main problem is it is 850 gold that could have gone to shadowblade or blink.
I am not disagreeing, I am just saying uncoordinated pubs are largely uncoordinated except at the highest mmrs and most of the time you can play around the small amount of coordination that grows over the course of a game.
Patience.
Also a much different player...
Both incoming moves are so low risk I don't know how you can call either awful. Outgoing... I will miss Ramires but the money was too good to pass.
So he is 94th percentile instead of 98th? That changes everything!
I was assuming those types of controls were already being circumvented. The reason this guy was caught was through statistical analysis by other players. However if the name wasn't the same then the pattern would be much harder to detect.
I don't know about 'we' but you clearly have negative feelings towards a group you've labeled 'leftists'.
Why are you trying to hard to avoid being direct all of a sudden? I actually appreciated when you owned your hatred of leftists.
The run game suffered as well due the offensive line so we couldn't use the running game to set up the pass either.
We were the worst in run blocking and the 2nd to worst in pass protection. What delusion are you referencing? http://www.footballoutsiders.com/stats/ol
Chelsea pocketing that £1M profit for 1.5 years of service.
Well despite my flair I am a Chelsea fan and Terry's form is questionable. The real value right now is his on the field leading since he isn't providing consistent world class play. I'm not suggesting Cahill is shit but we all know he's a 30 year old that never became world class. There is a tiny opening in the short term for Miazga especially if he looks good in practice and gets a chance in cup game. Definitely not wishing for injuries but that could bring opportunity as well.
It does help when they overextend and start at half health. Agreed. Also 8k player (that true?)
There was a thread of over 60 replies, many of which appear to have been tampered with as well.
the moderators have been stealth deleting any posts critical of Islam on that thread.
I completely agree that the meta is only important in super high mmr. The only reason Slark is strong in 3k games is people don't know how to play around him or counter pick and occasionally an allied support is bright enough to de-ward based on Slark's ult. Slark counters: * Puck (silence/escape/nuke) * Anti-Mage (escape/mana burn) * QoP (escape/nuke) * Doom (doom) * Tiny (nuke/craggy) * Bloodseeker (silence/thirst) * Lina/Lion (stun/nuke) * Timbersaw (escape/aoe nuke) * Riki (silence/escape) * Pugna (aoe nuke/ward/semi-escape)
Blink bkb
