&gt; This doesn't look like it has neither. So it has both ?
Backed up on the new Google Photos unlimited service.
There's a shortage of women in China due to the old one-child per couple policy.
Avidemux for free and basic, I use Vegas for anything more complicated but it's expensive.
Aye, it's got to start somewhere and the first smartphones were pretty terrible, it took Android a long time (KitKat) before it was as great an experience as iOS and has leapfrogged it in terms of reliability in Lolipop and probably Macaroni too...**IMO**
Definately function over form. Not my idea of gore either just very basic and practical..at least until it gets knocked over and its guts start pouring out.
Cheap to replace the battery and then you have a whole new lease of life. http://youtu.be/FnlgaPstA8o
..if he writes a book or releases a DVD.
Nope to two and three, sport is about the people not the politicians, it's one of the few ways we get to sidestep away from political (and religious) differences and just enjoy something competitively together. Politicians and heads of state should be banned from attending major sporting events in an official capacity imo.
itsaride: England is due it before Germany gets it again.
No, conventional warfare.
Crimea was annexed for economic (logistical) and military reasons.
Or put it another way, stare at the top UFO for ten seconds then the bottom UFO can tell if you're looking at it or not and changes the background accordingly.
Not sure I'd class cosplay as real life.
Can't believe I outlived Dracula.
perfect
They forgot to let the supporters in.
Seaworld Parks, with the world dropped to avoid being sued no doubt.
Well it was the Baltic!
England win 10-9 here we come!
What I've never understood about diacetyl is that it's present in high amounts in cigarettes and therefore cigarette smokers should have been developing 'popcorn lung' all along, but they haven't ..the only reason I can think of explaining this is that smoking tobacco protects the user in some way.
I have terrible uncorrected vision like an object a foot from my face is still blurry, also use varifocals..with those everything is perfectly in focus and I can't imagine anything being better than that.
It's the ejaculation part that matters.
Well I wrongly assumed they'd have the same prices everywhere, thought you might have misread, no need for proof as far as I'm concerned, might be worth checking the longer length packages if you're going to be in there for more than a day though. Get well soon!
The link goes directly to the Wordpress article for me.
The photo of Syd, fat with no hair and eyebrows gets me everytime.
Put /u/the_ultravixens on the list.
You'll be fine, you have almost the same karma as me ;). Godspeed on your recovery though!
You wouldn't vape a breast.
Chris Morris would be proud of that headline.
Looks like we found him!
You can't. They're no longer available publicly after 24 hours.
Probably why you're better off doing it...man things you know ;).
Ask mom.
Can't stop something happening, make it legal!
http://i.imgur.com/HcUguVH.jpg The good news is it looks like murders generally have dropped significantly looking at that.
Yeah, don't count the non-dying people.
I often wonder if cats would prefer bare wood to carpet, the cats round here seem to spend a lot of their time outside perched on wooden fences and seem to like it.
If he has cancer then their work is done.
All of them.
Well not *all* his...but reverse engineering is what hackers do, without that you'd have no jailbreak at all.
It's amazing how much you can get into a basket when you want to use the self-service checkouts. I have been known to carry six pints of milk in my other hand.
Yup, it's not obvious but longer taps = higher jumps, just barely tap the screen for smaller jumps.
Let's all rewrite history!
Since nobody has replied I'll guess at blood poisoning since skin is porous . That's not to say more gang members shouldn't try this though.
Hopefully investigators are busy mashing potatoes.
Could be searching for insurance...
Should have called it the hyperbole...Faaaaasstech!
it lives !
There's two poops on the pitch, they think it's all over...well it is now.
Apple.com
Fuck the IOC, time for another investigation.
Yeah I prefer the cold too, I'm pretty much kitted out for cold or wet weather...I have no idea what to wear when it gets this hot (currently 30c which is the hottest it's been here in Redcar in years).
Genetic mutation that causes bow legs.
https://twitter.com/cammywrites/status/615925340347756544
Good work.
ironic huh.
I'm in the UK, a screen would only be useful a few days a year.
Cue new reality TV show idea.
The name has me scratching my head till I noticed they all had the same subject.
He's laughing at the design of the doors on the tuner section that can never close.
Its Stavros init.
or maybe a real button for the 63c
You'd be wasting much more by not having it at all.
I do sub to /r/europe but until now it wasn't on my frontpage, hence why I saw it on /r/undelete first. I also make a point of vistiting worldnews and a couple of other subs first because I expect most major international stories to be covered on worldnews.
Oh jesus. Well, it is for the yoof I guess.
minimalist would be three black dots on a white background
Three Pints! *was the only thing I ever really watched on Three, Family Guy also if I didn't have every episode on my hard drive. I can see why others would like it though.
Isn't this local DPRK news?
Just did a huge wheeze laugh.
But that blood flow can be cut off much easier than internal bleeding.
Utensional.
Nobody else I sub to does anything like them (Don't stop Ashens!).
Watching....nope.
"wtf is this shit!?" oooh magical.
TL;DR Ecigs are not really a tobacco product and most of the legislation doesn't apply (except warning labels). Also yay &gt; 3.12.11 E-cigarettes are not risk free, but the latest evidence suggests these products are safer than smoking. The Government believes that it would be disproportionate to prohibit cross-border distance sales of e-cigarettes, which have the potential to help smokers quit. Information from the consultation and other intelligence sources indicate that many businesses in this sector trade solely on-line. The Government will, therefore, maintain the proposals included in the draft regulations at consultation and setup and maintain a register of all businesses engaged in cross- border distances sales. Domestic distance sales (UK retailers to UK consumers) are not affected
Playing Where's Gabe on that one. edit: found him!
It's his flair.
Given the right sensors (penetrating radar/ir) computers do a much better job monitoring traction and stability than any human driver. They can't be distracted, become impatient, take risks or panic.
Poker players do it all the time.
Damnit Marie!
Not to mention a hot neck.
apparenly they're made of razors to keep the image sharp.
[This population density heatmap] (http://imgur.com/UzeU3tR) should help explain it, it overlays nicely with the football teams map.
Probably the first music star who I really "loved" and influenced a big proportion of the choice of music I listened to. Irreplaceable.
&gt; keep racists and prejudice to a minimum. Really?
A video is worth a thousand imgurs : http://youtu.be/3bIXUBXj070
State Department Twitter confirmed hacked.
A Brazillion years old.
I have a really bad feeling about this, be careful out there.
Apparently there are only thirty children there, hopefully French social services will step in there.
How did he react to the tea? That could give you a clue. Also, you haven't lived till you get called me dear (as a man) by a burley Lancashire trucker. I think it was me dear or darling, something of that ilk.
This is ok here but /r/askuk is probably a better place for these questions.
Depends on branding. I personally don't mind drinking tap water. It tastes fine to me.
No, not really, there's no motivation great enough for the US and Russia to sling nukes at each other and commit suicide.
The Heat Is On is blocked here in the UK but the soundtrack version is fine : http://youtu.be/9JHhhg9cUjA
You missed 'maybe' off the title. They only state that they're testing for compatibility, it might not pass and if it does that's just the first hurdle.
https://nj.proxfree.com/permalink.php?url=s54aaHA%2FaGsaD5vHs0QZLcUclS%2FcUxrnNZwEMCiA0I%2BIL8YiSBFibBbtUWF2pl%2Fb698rt5xo3OPWBuf3lp4BFQ%3D%3D&amp;bit=1
Obama on Cameron: "what a lightweight!".
Sorry, that probably came across as rude. I just love Snapper so much. For those with an iPad and Snapper 1 it's only when you take snaps in landscape that they are saved in portrait and can be rotated back in the photos app. Easy fix, just a bit of a pain.
