I would not be surprised. They let anyone upload things. Use to be very lightly moderated, but they've gotten better.
I prefer 0. This way 7 and 14, 10 and 20, 15 and 30, and 20 and 40 are all fine.
I did not mean throatfucking... lol
What amuses me more is that it lists absolutely no points of interest in rhode island.... sounds like about what I'd expect.
Why did you want sex left out of it?
I love you. So much... You understand my plight.
So... D as in Dog?
I was not when that was posted.
Except, who cares if she maximizes her dating pool... Women are the gatekeepers. If a guy can't step up, best they date no one.
Does not change the fact. You aren't being nice by blinding people.
Yeah... When you get a local anesthetic it still hurts a bit to be stabbed with the needle.
You seem confused.
Beer and cheese curds?
Maybe with a nice brown mustard and a thick slice of cheese? And, what kind of bread are we talking about? Rye?
This should really be /r/evenwithcontext
Really? I just lost some.
No, we know they're trashy. Allow me to explain: Trashy vs Classy is fundamentally about if you respect others or not. A truly classy person would realize that people do not like unsupervised children playing on their property, and stop them without a word having been said. Now, it's not that one is automatically trashy if one doesn't immediately stop the children... but, if someone has to say something to you and you REFUSE to do anything about it, yes... you're trashy now.
You know how it's getting a bit complicated? That's part of why you should be getting an attorney. Get one.
&gt;Don't take legal advice form the police. Best legal advice you can ever receive. Edit: formatting fail
Reading this made me wonder if I was having a stroke.
So... apparently Canada and Denmark have some kind of a territorial dispute. As a Canadian, would you please explain that to me?
Actually, he's probably being totally serious. Movies shot on film are done at 24hz traditionally because the human brain can only perceive 10-12 actual images per second, so anything above this starts to create the illusion of motion. However, the human brain actually works asynchronously to perceive visual stimulus so... higher numbers are not actually wasted, they're just not really needed to create the illusion of motion either. Tl;Dr: Film movies are shown at less than 30hz, so it's a common misconception and that guy is probably serious. Edit: Added the summary because some of you like to post huffy sounding replies to people you agree with.
I am trying to get the founder to agree to defaulting to 3 instead of 0 on the link that shows up when people forget context, that's nearly always enough to make sense of what's happening, and if its too much it doesn't really hurt anything.
never assume no lawyer would take it. Just call and ask.
Meh.. I've had been happier if he'd really linked it up in /r/nocontext too, but, I guess that's too much to ask for?
Ha... I personally use 0 pillows. No, I'm not kidding or lying just to one up you.
Yeah... so, had to figure out how to put NSFW because of this post, good job. It's probably not much worse than a lot of things, but reading this made me dry heave just a little... Still, think it's a good post on the context... but, maybe I just had a mental block that said "no, there is no way someone was actually trying to make vagina yogurt".
Nah. It's just funnier this way.
Bowl? What kind of D list places are you going. Mine always comes in a trough.
"What? My ex loved it when I did that!" Thanks... That went from awkward moment to mood killed quite quickly.
This is pretty typical. Expect those articles later in the day. This was announced probably less than 5 minutes before the article was published, they were racing each other to publish. Also, they will typically announce the ruling before the opinion is actually available to read, which will have all the details - down to which older cases they've decided to creatively interpret to explain how this is just a clarification of an existing law. Edit: accidentally a word
The sizes are: Short, Tall, Grande, Venti, Trenta. They're 8, 12, 16, 20-24, and 31 ounces. And, I have no idea why Trenta is 31 ounces and not 30... that's just what a source I looked up just for this said.
Because it's $3 for a shitty cup of coffee, so it feels like $95.
That's still not service.
You also generally can't claim any type of tort for asserting a legal right... I mean, if you want to throw a hail mary at this, fine. But, seems like a waste of effort to me.
updated to include
?
Who is discussing fault? If one can control the situation then one can control the situation. Obviously, every moment a person might not have freedom of choice... But, there are usually warning signs and moments where one can choose not to accept the abuse after the fact. I realize it's easier said than done sometimes, but it still teaches a child about what is acceptable behavior when it is modeled by their parents.
people are rarely helpless.
So it is clear, that would not actually be legally binding... But, could be a place to start.
No. The answer was "Cat." Meow you are banned from /r/catsstandingup
A $120 ride is a ride to another city. Probably 80 miles. Most people are taking the ride out there then taking another one home. If you want that ride during peak times when that driver could have taken many many more people home instead... Seems fair.
He just posted his raw data.
Exactly. Lots of people do just date one at a time... But, not everyone. Hell... If I have a first date with someone, that is not going to stop me from making plans with someone else... And, I'm generally only dating one person too. First dates are relationship interviews, no one expects loyalty before them... And what if both people deserve a round 2?
I don't. He's the jackass who ... No, I cannot even pretend this makes sense. This is clearly just nitpicking.
While the words are the same in meaning, "Crouching" and "crouching" are different stimuli, and so are "dragon" and "dragon?", the brain generally looks at words as one shape, so any shape change is going to matter for this purpose even if you know that the shapes mean the same thing.
Its
Nah. One way I get a date and $20, the other way the chick does not pay for her trip.
You look like a fat pedophile.
I just do this manually. Sorry mate. :(
Maybe. If it is, they're fucked. Not sure who told them to do this.
Next time you're in court, just ask another defense attorney about it. Oh... And, you do not post shit about a client confessing to you anywhere. Seriously, wtf. Should not mention that to another attorney at all either.
Oswald is wrong.
Legitimately learned this today.
I had no clue he was that young.
So... You're saying that it's something I would realize if I gave a shit about music, but I'm also stupid if I give a shit about music?
Just want to disclaimer that I think there are a couple things I would disagree should be rape and I know my state would also count handjobs or fingering and some others probably do too... But, so many times that most horrific things won't stand up to this.
Would you mind giving me instructions on this? I do this, but my whites slowly become grey. Please include brands and temps...
That is correct. If you say nothing and do not resist, then it is not rape. How you feel does not make someone a criminal. What they do does.
The person he is replying to is not discussing the transaction from the article, they are sharing an anecdote about their own bank as part of a discussion about bank procedures.
It does not take a couple of days. A wire transfer takes about 4 hours in my experience. They are not even next day. Wire transfers move the money around in either the fed's or a large bank's accounts... Money is credited as soon as your bank has confirmed it is there.
Withdraw? Well, he owes me like $3.50.
I think what you're saying is accurate, but also want to point out that with the father claiming those things the OP will recieve no assistance from law enforcement in safely removing the property from the house without a suit.
Uhhh... Commingling money is not a problem if you change after the LLC is formed, and operating a sole proprietorship is one of the dumbest business decisions you can make... Only topped by using a general partnership form of business.
If there is no ownership of property, then its not illegal to take it.
To respond to your Edit, the police generally allow you to contact your own attorney. If you can't afford an attorney, one is going to be provided for you if you're charged with a crime which could result in jail time. Oh, and if you're ever being interrogated by police... you use the right to an attorney to make the interrogation stop. If you use the right to silence only, then the rules are much easier for the police to get around.
Oh, it is traditional to serve it with cucumber pickle and raw onion from my experience. Cole slaw is also traditional, and which of those is served seems to vary by region in the US. Oh... One tidbit I want to point out, barbecue sauce is a condiment designed to go with barbecue and not an essential element. The Kraft one is used as a base or emulated in a lot of recipes, but there are also varieties that are vinegar or mustard based.
Exactly why I just removed it.
One thing I sort of want to discuss in this topic is that I believe one of the root causes of racism is that people see race at all. As long as people define themselves in a group to which others do not belong, they will discriminate against those not in their group. One of the ways people can easily help make this change is to refuse to use the words to define people. It is not a young black male, it is a young person, a young man, or a man with a dark complexion if you need that descriptor. Saying someone is dark is fine... Saying someone is in a racial group is where this starts.
Code please. :)
They are fairly common if you know where to look. Of course, that is not obvious for everyone.
I would probably just keep it in mind in the future, see if she responds if you muse about what to do for valentines... What to get her for her birthday, and probably out that I knew to throw her off your trail for some surprise someday.
I think that feeling is correctly placed. I, personally, take it as a red flag. I mean, it's basically showing a lack of empathy and respect. Do not see how her relationship goes anywhere healthy... But, she has not yet figured that out yet, so scared for your sister that she will never see it and he will slowly get worse.
It is an unlimited spending limit. You want to charge a yacht? Go for it.
Coming Soon^^tm
I'm not sure how it worked... But they seem to have some function in place to prevent one person from monopolizing the conversation. The 18 posts were all one guy, I think.
So... Rarest problem we ever get - And, not deleting just so people see it - the quote you use should still mean something without its context.
One is generally required to have tried and failed on this before notice by publication is allowed.
Large plastic bag.
Acknowledging that steak can be thawed many other ways, and really should not be frozen... But,meat can also be thawed by moving to the fridge the night before.
Can confirm. Am ghost.
this is the right answer. No soliciting signs mean nothing. it is not trespassing to knock on the front door of a residence, might be some exceptions. Oh, and it might be illegal to require the permit for non-commercial speech... Just... That is not cheap to defend.
[Skeletons reveal their one weird trick for amazing weight loss!](https://www.reddit.com/r/RoastMe/comments/429jkt/im_a_mom_of_2_preschoolers_i_have_stage_3_breast/cz8x5n0)
SpongeBob squarepants!
Uhh... I used the language he used to communicate it back to him, and while I certainly covered this ad nausium in college the day to day I have used in the 10 years since rarely involves explaining basic economic concepts to strangers... So getting snippy because I chose to mirror language rather than assert intellectual superiority (like an asshole) is fairly pedantic.
I would actually disagree. He is unlikely to be assigned a public defender if he is financially able to afford a lawyer... Which it sounds like he is.
No. Just talk to your dad about this when you can.
People often do not think about it, but i also think having it acknowledges the value the stay at home spouse brings to the table. If something happened to her then you would likely need to either take a lower paying position and/or pay for services that you did not need to before because she performs them for the family. It would not be expensive but people just often overlook it.
So... I'm sitting here looking at the numbers, and I just can't seem to see how you arrived at your step 3. Can you show your work?
See... I am more conservative, so I love Scalia... And, Ginsburg is the one that pisses me right off yet seems like one of the sharpest legal minds I've ever seen.
Not wrong. I would not even fire the attorney. If he was having car problems, then he was. I would only fire if this had happened multiple times.
Yeah... Not something else... That was the only actual mistake. Not going to a pointless hearing where there is no opposing side is not an error. I know this is hard to understand as a client, but as an attorney it is pretty easy to forget that there are clients. Your job is to solve their problem, but most clients want to be involved as little as possible. Is it right if the attorney forgets to keep the client in the loop? No. But... It's sort of just... An easy trap to get into.
The attorney did not go to a pointless hearing... He saved the client money by not going. The only thing he did was not call the client. This situation is not like an oil change. This is more like if you're scheduling an awesome paint job, and when you place your order to have it done they tell you it can be brought in in two weeks because that is when they will have the blue sparkly color changing paint in that you custom ordered. Well, day comes and you bring your car in. After some initial confusion you get a phone call from the owner of the shop letting you know that the paint did not come in on time despite their best efforts to get the company to ship it, and in this call me mentions he is at the hospital with his daughter who has a broken leg. Should the paint have arrived? Sure. Is it likely the shop did their best to make it arrive? Yes. Did they forget to keep you in the loop? Absolutely, but that is their main error. If they called before you left the house then you wouldn't really care that the paint was not ready yet.
That is really dumb. They're fiduciaries. If you try to fuck someone over that blatantly then you're risking a lawsuit.
I agree with you, just feel like some of the other people are making this out as this guy being irredeemable. Frankly, you're paying more money if you drop him... Might not be worth it for this.
It is not a logical leap at all. 1. The spouse has not waived service. 2. They are bothering with a temporary orders hearing. 3. She is currently not receiving support at all. If it's uncontested, usually the spouse is already stepping up to offer some assistance, but even if they're not... Waived service and dispensing with temporary orders in favor of a hearing immediately after the waiting period is much more normal.
I would contact them before attempting to work it out, but before filing taxes.
Because it was hotter than coffee is normally held, and the cup was basically defective. It was just shy of boiling and was not drinkable when served.
Actually... While it is still possible for it to be legal for an NC-17 movie to be seen by a minor, most movie theaters will refuse admission. R is the rating where they will not sell to anyone under 17, but the theater still defers to parents. In practice,an NC-17 is likely to be pornographic and it may very well be illegal to allow a child to see it.
This is my current position for the purposes of moderation. If morons want to upvote the shitposts, I can't stop them. I just remove the real garbage.
