I have ADHD. From the scientific papers I've read and looked at, about 6% of the population likely has it, and the medication rate is under 3%, and so it's likely extremely under prescribed. Additionally, medication is one of the best and most effective treatments for ADHD, alone and in conjunction with alternative coping mechanisms. For many people it makes you a better student, gives you a push towards equality when it comes to mental ability, and is an excellent improver for quality of life. That being said I think the article is hilarious and doctors often don't give a shit and medication is advertised directly to consumers and that's fucked up.
Nothing, it just speaks to the fact that people see normal levels of high energy or "just being a kid" as equivalent to the mental challenges associated with ADHD or something similar and suggests it's "taking the easy way out of parenting" as opposed to providing a ladder to overcome some of the devastating and omnipresent handicaps that are part of a mental disorder.
Some people prefer not to go anywhere they might accidentally be caught feeling happy.
"Baby, I call this position the 'Donkey Sauce."
Ah, you must work in Labor Optimization.
Nuance paid a hefty bribe, and yet still refuses to return the key engineers they've kidnapped.
My new favorite audiobook, The Practicing Mind, talks about this in a very similar way. Focus on the process, not the result. A goal is like sailing to the horizon; useful to point your ship in that direction and start sailing, but very unhelpful to constantly compare yourself to where you're at and be disappointed when you're not already at the goal/perfect. I recommend it to everyone, I believe it is still on sale, and I approve of this thread's message.
That's why I have Mass Effect 1 &amp; 2, but no 3.
Other retail stores, like mine, send them back to the manufacturer or vendor for credit or warranty swapping as often as possible.
NO REFUNDS
"If these assholes will buy Bad Rats, throw some other stuff on there and see if they actually buy it."
"I was on the computer, and I was drinking..."
/r/loseit is a great resource if you need anything.
Not only are you right, I am reminded of [this.](https://youtu.be/WsnXQdkqChg)
I do very much enjoy the relatively small amount of calories a nice beer has, at the end of the day.
When I was talking to my Director about it, I got the impression the reason we mainly did them was for insurance.
Was it Lastpass?
Alright, Immanuel Kant.
The side effect of being the wizard is everything looks like alchemy to the layman.
You're only halfway on your charms cert, don't risk our magic smoke SLA with that wand in production.
It is a feat of engineering to use a parchment &amp; quill pen while crysterbating with the other hand, I tell you what.
Microsoft Genuine Advantage 10, Brought to you by the Winrar Licensing Enforcement Team
We needed more Letters
I read the description first, and so I found it incredibly difficult to watch. What a lovely human being. What a loss.
If the final picture in the set went first it would be very much an IICBG.
Is this not an unusually big mushroom?
And a cup of love and a lifetime license
Easy account based WAN/internet access and smart offline caching are the killer Plex features for me.
I am an average looking guy, not a model but not bad. I have had some crazy sexual experiences with some weird looking girls.
I love my slow treadmill walk glued to my phone, though. That's like the best way to watch Netflix.
Throw-away burgers perfectly encapsulates a diet, a lifestyle, and an attitude.
We promised you 40 acres and a mule, friend.
Literacola for prez 2016
http://imgur.com/ZfLpG
Wait, are you saying the exact thing that made the walled garden better is something 90% of people don't want or need?
Isn't the 9$ CHIP allwinner too?
I agree with you. A lot of the organizations make me uncomfortable or seem not really to be about advocacy. I consider myself a feminist as well as a supporter of men's issues, and I think there are organizations that I wouldn't support, even though I support the overall objectives of the movements.
It's a down economy and we are running a deficit.
I'm not a huge fan of rebooting my phone every couple hours and keeping it from getting too hot.
Because the store wants to retain the customer, or doesn't want the risk of the customer using a stolen card or charging back the original payment.
Cell phones would be hot, and will be, but be careful. I work in the industry and have seen a lot of retailers go out of business. One store would be prohibitively difficult to merchandize, outfit &amp; gamble on making money.
Yeah that actually seems secretly more racist.
Whatever the hell was going on there this is clearly a man who marches to the beat of his own drum, and grabs life by the horns. The drum is likely extra terrestrial in nature.
I get a screen protector on every single phone I buy, which is a lot, because I work in the cell industry. They're getting better, but they still scratch and they still break, every single screen. I'd rather have a tempered glass protector break and peel it off then have a worthless phone that costs more to repair than it's worth, or deal with damage &amp; beating it up.
I have the OnePlus One but with an 801 and the software it feels faster than the HTC One M9.
Three quarters of Ryse: Son of Rome was QTE or similar and I very much enjoyed it.
I wouldn't buy a crappy one, and often the accessory kiosks might as well say "we took the time to buy this off EBay for you." There are some cool brands with lifetime warranties on the glass, fingerprint resistant, and just all around nice to use. And nothing beats having a phone exposed to sand, coins, keys, laptop bag, and 3 - 9 front pocket drops onto concrete or tile or the like, and it looks just as good as the day it came out of the box. "
I agreed with you until you used faggot as a pejorative. Your condemnation and tone is inappropriate and rude. You should know better.
Thanks for sharing. The mechanics of safety can be less flashy looking, but they are part of the real and make it sound less like movie. I've always tended towards more open experiences and many partners, and you have encouraged me that it's a good path to be on.
Mostly 4chan looks down on all it's individual members as well, they are all shut in weeaboo NEETs and whatnot. So it hates everything, itself most of all.
This is the line that lept out at me, as well.
I think society absolutely supports being obese and living unhealthy and inactive lifestyles. No human being is perfect and if someone is challenged by something it's not "just" making sacrifices. I have no problem "just" eating every day because I don't have anorexia. I do have trouble staying organized because I have attention deficit disorder. I find it easy to read books and educate myself, and some people it is a huge undertaking or easy to put off. What is effortless for some is a mountain for others. That's why they don't "just" do it.
I absolutely agree. Fph should absolutely be allowed to within its own space to mock, joke, say, discuss and believe terrible things. The bright line test of belief and speech is always from an unpopular, controversial or reviled opinion; there would be no argument if it wasn't. But our consensus, and our broad strokes of what is right and good, were once revolutionary and radical and insane ideas, and it was not through permission alone that they came to be the zeitgeist. I think the central core of democracy is the idea that every man (and woman) should seek out and weigh the truth for themselves, and not solely allow others to dictate what is truth. I believe democracy is the idea that the marketplace of ideas is strongest and best when operated not through force, but through dialogue and influence. To quote Dale Carnegie, "A man convinced against his will is of the same opinion still."
You're pretty comfortable showing your mother's button off like that.
/r/gildedgonewildbutkeepingitsafeandresponsible
Hey, if you don't want to look, then just keep your eyes down when I start dancing. This booty was born to rock.
Yeah, me either. Maybe like 3. Anyway, I can quit whenever I want.
I think [this](http://go.ted.com/baW8) is a relevant and intelligent breakdown of infidelity.
Discerning gentlemen know that the wang is the thang to hook a proper lady.
Washington, I keep it at 65 just so my feet don't wake me up feeling cold.
Hit her back.
You take those feelings, put them up inside, and then, eventually, you'll die.
Esse quam videri
I'm assuming yoga is different from "yoga"
Are they old guys? Only old dudes force stories on you in my experience.
&gt; low-content extraverts. Yes. Yes.
ADHD brah
I think that's true. It's like, women can work and be independent and strong. Same goes for me, though. I can be sad and scared and feel like crying. I'm just as much of a man if I don't pay for dinner, or make enough money, or feel weak and vulnerable.
Yeah, man.
This is even fucking worse because usually what is aggressive is "just past when I like it or are attracted to you." I hate it. The only winning move is not to play.
Why not both?
My whole life is not a malpractice case, though. I'm a human.
Being a creep is so insidious because what you do and what you say ultimately doesn't matter. It only matters if it succeeds or fails, and if it fails you're done. All you can do and all you can say is nothing.
For you. For the girl next to you, it's not forward, it's a felony.
My crush in elementary school told her friend to tell me she thought I had a nice butt. I remember everything about that moment and how awesome it was.
The catharsis when you remembered the show was like an orgasm of the soul.
And impressed
Hell yeah. -phone guy
If you move my keys or wallet you might as well rearrange my cerebral cortex.
Every time we went hiking and took the chairlift up or down the mountain I would spit off the side. 15 second fall. It was mesmerizing.
Two things made me cry like a waterfall. The day my grandmother passed away. And when Ash was petrified.
I have zero problem with being involved with women who have multiple sexual partners and do not avoid "sluts." So that post hoc explanation is out the window.
R2: "List the various federal and state constitutional violations that you imagine occurred..." Among other things, basing a lawsuit on imagination alone will almost certainly fail, with the exception of imaginary patents [here.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_District_Court_for_the_Eastern_District_of_Texas)
I know, I think it's awesome. I just want the post to stay up.
B-but I took this whole LLLD cert and everything...
I'll send you a laminated copy.
AdviceAnimals knows what it is, and accepts that.
I've been working on it, but it's a challenge, as I am cripplingly unlikable.
Someone will still be king of the ruins.
May the Sauce bless the coming and going of him.
I didn't see it until the second time I watched
M'lady doth favor the Wing King.
I've got the transcripts right here...
God damn I love me some Audible.
Trying to set up Sickbeard was a nightmare for me. I gave up.
That's ridiculous. And I thought it was disgusting that the DMCA could make it illegal for me to break into my own media to make a legal backup copy.
&gt;You ~~bastard.~~ semi-parental legitimist.
Double Douche Association of America
I work at the cell phone company. They absolutely do try. They are also upset their service is turned off mere weeks to months after not paying.
Ahh, organ repo. I like it.
