Cody Kessler, Nick Chubb, Trevon Boykin, Deshaun Watson, JT Barrett, Connor Cook, Dak Prescott, Leonard Fournette, . You think he's better than all but 2 of them? Especially given that he's playing behind a god-tier offensive line/coach that turned a player who had never started a game with few starting reps in practice into a Heisman finalist, and another QB who played 3 games into a first round contender?
...are you saying girls are worse at math than boys?
Lebron would definitely be over him at 3-2.
There were 25 minutes left...
MAYBE IF YOU DIDN'T KEEP SHITTING ON US LIKE JOSH SMITH DID THE CLIPPERS WE WOULDNT
The East is objectively weak though.
Curry probably helps more than he does
In the eyes of stupid bigots maybe not
You can't use one show as evidence of societal values. Also, Jack was haunted by his choices continually throughout the show. Also, season 1 was made before 9/11
It's a fair point. Do you think society is as racist as it was in the 70s?
Are you saying they should not make money? There are more people who prefer Abram's version than a more Star Trek-resembling one, so why shouldn't they make his version?
DAE think Americans are dumb??
Care to detail some inefficiencies? I'm pretty new myself
I wish I knew enough flags/current events to understand the humor
I think all of Reddit sees him as the Cinderella right now
Were any of his assists 3 pointers?
What game is this?
If some guy keeps marrying women that show up murdered, I don't care how little evidence there is, he probably killed them.
Happened to Tyrone Swoopes after the Elite 11 IIRC
Nobody "expects" to have a season ending injury. Yeah, it has to be an outcome that is planned for in case it happens (and I'm sure they did), but nobody expects an injurt
Did this get linked to one of the crazy ones? I'm honestly in shock
Non-basketball fans won't know
Culturally It just feels different
Yes you can it disrupts everything
People can't watch the playoffs because of a fucking parade. That is beyond stupid, I don't know why PAC and B1G fans care so strongly about what day the Rose Bowl is on
The game has been pushed back from January 1st multiple times this century. Apparently tradition doesn't matter enough to compete with the NFL for views.
Apparently it's not too important of a tradition when it has to compete with the NFL. They have no problem moving it when New Years falls on a Sunday
Old old joke from a 4chan thread
&gt; losing players during the game is so much more impactful than losing them before. Except for when the players you lose during the game give you a 31 point head start
But you got a 31 point head start
holy shit
So that's what y'all meant when you talked about Pac 12 refs
Screw it it's as lighthearted trash talk as it comes
What did he do to mess up UT and A&amp;M?
40% of Americans have college degrees so I'd say being in that group gives you a very good chance of being middle class
So we shouldn't even have physics majors? Jesus Christ man, you sound like a bitter 60 year old who blames everything on lazy kids
Other acceptable answers include: Jakeem Grant's Immaculate Reception, Nick Rose's missed extra point
I meant I didn't know if the programs were ongoing or not
I don't think the SEC is any more unique with their offenses than other conferences.
You guys aren't very good at football
If you're talking about Girl Crush the song is not at all about lesbians
Your high school class was 1/6 of the entire town?
At some point it becomes too fat and I think this is past that point
I don't know what's more disappointing: Alabama winning or the trainer girl's ass y'all were hyping up
That is honestly the best onside I've ever seen
Howard had 208 of Bama's 335 passing yards. Insane
What incredible call and execution
Fucking normies won't be here for offseason shitposts
I'd say your secondary was more at fault
So say we all
Bama had way too many explosive plays to attribute it to luck. Best team in the country in my mind
You guys keep giving the rest of the nation a shot only for the rest of the SEC to fuck it up
One of the funniest plays I've ever seen live
It seems sillier for a tiny child to cross a line than for a soldier to shout while aiming a gun at them?
And you think a child deserves to be traumatized because their parents didn't watch them?
Yeah I think being in a P5 conference will up their recruiting and administrative investment to where they could legitimately compete. But they're not a good choice
Any particular reason for you noting that in this thread specifically?
I can kinda see why he's upset. You're come off condescending and holier than thou when you say things like "their program isn't used to this success". It would probably bother me
You guys did dominate special teams and had several series begin on fields of &lt;50 yards, but to me that just reflects that Michigan State dominated you on defense since you only scored 23. 8 of your 13 possessions went for 10 yards or less.
When did people like Miami?
Really? I had no idea
Vince Young is my favorite player of all time and I don't see how that at all reflects entitlement
Michigan vs Michigan State, TCU vs Oregon, and Georgia Tech vs FSU this year would all like a word
Hail Mary's are always flukes. It's more dependent on the DBs than the QBs anyways
3 seconds on the play clock really isn't that close
Maybe one day Oregon fans will have to like a team that isn't consistently top 10
Somebody call an ambulance
How many freshman All-Americans did Sumlin have in the non-Fool's Gold class?
Did Chris Warren's 276 yards and 4 TDs make him look better than he was?
Malik Jefferson and Connor Williams. The OU game. There's your points.
I guess I'll downvote you cause you come across like an asshole
Like 3 times lol
Things get real chippy around here in January
I guess? Seems odd to substitute Vince for another Texas player. Maybe he meant Lendale White
[much obliged](http://imgur.com/GdwtFrJ)
Lol. That Texas team was insanely talented. Jamaal Charles, Michael Huff, Justin Blalock, Quan Cosby, David Thomas, Limas Sweed, Michael Griffin, Brian Orakpo, Ramonce Taylor, and Selvin Young. NFL success does not define college success
👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀 good shit go౦ԁ sHit👌 thats ✔ some good👌👌shit right👌👌there👌👌👌 right✔there ✔✔if i do ƽaү so my self 💯 i say so 💯 thats what im talking about right there right there (chorus: ʳᶦᵍʰᵗ ᵗʰᵉʳᵉ) mMMMMᎷМ💯 👌👌 👌НO0ОଠOOOOOОଠଠOoooᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒ👌 👌👌 👌 💯 👌 👀 👀 👀 👌👌Good shit
I think that was game 5. Game 3 is when he really shined, the crowd was chanting his name unironically
I was hoping for around 8 assists per game with 14 points
My B. Game 2 was the HERES COME AUSTIN RIVERS game, game 3 he was 10/13 for 25 points
Harden would run one of the best bench units in league history if he didn't mesh well with Curry though
I mean Harden has to do a ton more on offense, his lack of effort on D at times is a function of that
Until he turns it over 5 times in a quarter dribbling around with the technique and franticness of a headless chicken
Yeah I'm just playing around I think we'll have a lot coming at once
I know Dion is good but now we're saying he's better than both Westbrook and Durant?
The derivatives would just be the number of 3s they made that year wouldn't they?
Yeah that's the stat that matters, who cares if you won?
IMO Portland is the best of the 4 and Houston is the worst
I mean they were down 3-1. Now, they've won 3 in a row against a good team and they won 73 in the regular season. Is it that ridiculous for them to be favored?
Westbrook/Irving and Durant/LeBron are totally different players though
I think you're getting downvotes because the investigation hasn't found anything that constitutes lawbreaking, at least not yet. It may have been negligent and against security policy but not illegal. It's also worth pointing out that (at least so far it seems) none of the emails sent out on the server were classified at the time of their being sent.
Okay but you said the only reason she hasn't been prosecuted is because she's a Clinton. There were other cabinet members doing the same thing who have also not been prosecuted. They haven't found evidence of crime. That statement is false
Ask 2011 about that
Not necessarily. You could reasonably expect a playoff contender to beat the second place team more than half the time. If two of them are fighting for a playoff spot as we've seen happen then that would help guarantee the winners gets a spot
Meanwhile Bernie is massively popular on here while /r/politics is /r/clintonemailscandal yet Clinton is winning while Bernie is more or less eliminated, so again why is Reddit a good reflection of US demographics?
No problem. I appreciate the civil discussion
From what I read there's no evidence that, at the time they were sent, any of the emails were marked as classified
Cavs have a decent bench though. Y'all are really looking for reasons to shit on Lebron. He hasn't played horribly, he's down 2-0 to a 73-9 team after 2 away games. What were y'all expecting to happen?
Don't forget when they took Fozzy from us (RIP)
Adding Central Florida for the sake of getting to 12 despite the fact that we can now have a championship is dumb. all it does is water down quality of play
