IIRC, with Magical Express, you don't see your checked luggage at all until you sometime after you get to your resort, so if your luggage was setup for Magical Express, you would kind of lose it for a while.
&gt; make sure you eat at ABC restaurant Probably just worth mentioning: Don't eat at the ABC Commissary. That place sucks.
I think it might still have gone viral with a She-Hulking even without the censoring.
Where'd you get that decal?
It's a story about a murdered bride, and has zombies.
Yes, let's do this. I've been wanting this for years. I even (terribly) wrote a bill for Model General Assembly that was this exact idea. Unfortunately, the farthest it went was to committee.
sudo rm -rf /
The Prestige.
You sir might like Denmark.
Or a Blue Eyes White Dragon!
SPOILERS [Spoiler](#s "His character is the head of NASA and literally vetoes the thing that ends up saving Matt Damon.")
And still no race with the Big 3
Yeah, but Bran's a tree now.
Well, if Disney gets the rights back to Marvel in the parks, and makes DHS have a Pixar Land and a Marvel Land, then you could totally put an Incredibles ride at their intersection.
I don't know of any changes you can do really. I edited the config to allow high res since the default max is 1280x1024.
There might be some problems using the actors from the audiobook. Mark Hamill's like 70, he can't portray someone who's at most 40.
What about something like Paperman? Pretty much hand-drawn digital.
Good luck getting Connery back.
Maybe this will be about those chicks from 21 Jump Street that kept bashing the guys for sucking at their cases.
Yeah, that's definitely a Coelophysis. An ostrich mold like in 7570 would be closer to a Gallimimus.
Eh, there's a few more, but I can't think of any others recently. An old example would definitely be the Swiss Family Robinson.
Man, I wish Kindles still had free 3G Wikipedia on all models.
Correct.
Still not much space.
Got suspended for using Tor Browser to read Cracked.com. Now I'm a CS major.
Shoot ah!
I think freezer raptor was the missing one. The one in the maintenence shed was able to get out because all Ellie did was close the door. The freezer was locked and cold.
Better question would be if that Spino skeleton is fossil or not.
They could have gone back and killed it.
I still have no clue what to get my Santa.
Ya'll going to Dinosaur School.
Not with Blu-ray.
Yeah, they also sell those in stores. I'm hoping to find one and graft it to my magic band.
Clonezilla can let you easily make an image of current hard drive. Alternatively, I'd just recommend using Windows Backup to backup your files.
Music wasn't bad. Entire aviary scene is actually pretty great. Spino looks cool, I just think it wouldn't beat a T. Rex.
Some of the nicer drums are that much, but also double as an electronic drum set.
In the Jurassic World section of the game, go to the big pyramid, and it's in there.
Next cooking show by Ramsey Bolton is 1001 Ways to Flay Bobby Flay. Guest starring the Thenns!
He's not always right. I went back and checked through one of my old Unofficial Guides. There was a lot of mentions about a possible Halloween separate ticket event at MGM. Obviously, that hasn't happened.
My dog uses the Teenie Beanies as chew toys. Also tries to do that to actual size Beanie Babies, but I like my stuffed animals to survive if they look cool.
You kick down the door! It's the Level 8 Gazebo!
/u/versebot [Luke 21:1-4]
Now you're getting NewSpeak.
That wasn't Bender. That was just air leaking from the folds of fat he had.
Set it EFF?
No one dies in Lego World. They may still be stranded on an island with dinosaurs for 22 years.
He's probably a college student, like Disney hires.
Who's that Pokemon?! It's Mewtwo!
Sheesh, that's like the entire movie.
Because it's probably true. My dad had a stroke last year, and has plateau'd in recovery.
I hope that my giftee likes my gift. I like what I got, but USPS busted the cool part of it.
I sent a photo of the damage to my Santa. I'm pretty sure he wants to send me a new one, but get money from USPS for it.
A skip would be great.
No, 2009 is what if the audience experienced ALL THE FEELINGS in the first 10 minutes?
That is what's going on with a different computer I'm having problems with, but this one was just upgrades to 10 yesterday, and never had networks working.
Damn, I was hoping for something like an Ant-Man preview.
No way could Survivor be the middle. The contestants wouldn't be fit to run the race after a stretch on the island. It would have to be last or followed by Big Brother.
The hatched raptors probably died. In the book, there's quite a few chapters about the nursery and how much care it takes for them to even get the dinosaurs old enough to live on their own in the paddocks.
Honestly, while this would never happen because of rights, I would love to see a Left Behind series that was done as a serious disaster film. It starts with tons of people disappearing including all the children, and then it gets worse, starting with World War III, followed by the world's largest earthquake. And that's the downright tame judgments. After that, you get hail, fire, and blood raining down on the earth scorching all of the grass and a third of the plants. Then a meteor comes down and kills a third of everything in the sea, as well as turns a third of the sea into blood, then Wormwood poisons a third of the freshwater. Next, a third of the day is pitch black as all the stars get dimmed by a third. Then we get some really metal shit as demonic locusts attack everyone not sealed by God. Then 4 angels are released to get 200 million cavalry to kill a third of the population. Then sores appear on all who worship the beast, and all the water turns to blood, the sun becomes so hot it scorches people, the kingdom of the beast is plunged into darkness, the Euphrates dries up to allow for the battle of Armageddon, then another earthquake that levels every mountain and hill and removes islands from their foundations, and finally Jesus shows up and kills everyone who opposes him. TL;DR: Make Left Behind movies from the perspective of a nonbeliever. Have it scored by Iron Maiden.
That's some terrible exegesis. Every time I've heard this passage taught on, it has been in the context of marriage.
Probably not, it depends on how that hate manifested itself.
¿Qué es tu problema?
Dang, I'm going end of July, and have never been to that attraction. Sucks more for my cousins who are going for the first time, and we're doing two DHS days back to back due to how magic hours matched up. That second day is going to feel slow.
There is, but it's like unlimited data. They bring you it slowly so you don't eat as much as you really want.
All Star Movies Resort begs to differ.
Well, this is false since, when given driver support, new Windows OSes have made machines faster.
Of course, that just changes it from a 4 word password to a 5 word password.
Usually with at least a crowd of Christian witnesses, who are supposed to help keep you accountable. So the river's fine usually, but most churches I've been to have a hot tub inside as a baptismal. That said, I have been to a baptism that was done in a kiddie pool.
I still don't see what was controversial about that ballistics test. All it did was divert the James a little closer to campus.
Wait, is that a place for black hats or white hats pretending to be black hats?
Yes. Econ 101 is a great place to find underage demand for alcohol.
Hmm, that sounds like a fun QI question. Who was the 44th president of the United States?
Just got to ask, but was so interesting he wasn't looking at either of them?
Samsung Pay checks whether Knox has been tripped. Doing pretty much anything close to rooting will trip it, and no one has found a way to untrip it.
And that's why I'll probably buy it on Steam Sale in 2017 or so.
Dani is usually considered a girl's name, as it's short for Danielle.
Honestly, the only problem I have with the exercises is that it assumes I'm female, which I'm not. I don't ever need to say nosotras.
Jessica Lange ain't the Supreme anymore.
Tends to fall into member of the species Homo sapiens.
They actually have one there for $3000.
What if someone introduced a bot whose sole purpose was to increase profits of companies working to develop smarter bots?
Mine does IBM ThinkPad and then goes into more personal information than I'd like to give out.
I have no clue about names on the new cast. I'm just basing it on previous seasons with the twist. Cagayan had the advantage of Brawn winning most of the immunity challenges while the Brains imploded, which helped Tony come the merge. WA had the White Collar, who were pretty much a Brains tribe, also implode out the gate. I think the Blue Collar tribe also had a fair amount of challenge domination, which helped Mike get to the merge.
Of course, most of the kids that act out hard enough to get those probably have parents that don't give a fuck.
Walden Pond lets you have pets, although they charge a fee.
Only if Nadiya continues to suck at Reality TV game shows.
Ugh, guess I'm going to still be using the S6 for the next like 4 years.
I've seen them, flipped through them, and came to the conclusion that they're too hard. So many tiny places to make it hard to stay in the fucking lines.
I'd love to see them do a musical crossover with Neil Patrick Harris playing the villain Music Meister.
If you're still using Plex in 3-4 years, it finally becomes worth it, but if you're not sure, then the shorter options aren't too bad. Base cost is $5/month or $60/year. There's also an annual option that is $40/year or $3.33/month, but you have to pay $40 at once. To determine how long you'd have to be using a lifetime pass before it became cheaper, you'd have to see how many months at whatever price point you'd be using before it starts actually saving money. Therefore, if you went monthly, it would 35 months or nearly 3 years before the lifetime pass became worth it, or if paying annually, 53 months or 4 and a season years to become worth it.
It will be used in the sense of shown on screen at least, otherwise, why would they even tell us that it existed.
What about the Crack Baby Athletic Association game?
Adam Baldwin might be up to do it again, and I'd love to see him in another western.
My Sprint one has call over wifi, although I don't use it.
They prefer to be called Silurians.
Well, that was a line lifted straight from the book.
Only for like half of Dawn Treader. Even then, not so much hate, but pity.
If he does it soon, he can have Steve Buscemi cameo as a firefighter.
Why do any of these teams need to rebuild or build new stadiums? What's wrong with the old ones? Did Bane blow them up?
No, I haven't forgotten that one. I have a bumper sticker from it with my collection of other bumper stickers from campaigns that failed.
