He was the GOAT when he was playing but wouldn't hold a candle to today's players.
So then he's not the GOAT.
[???????????????](http://i.imgur.com/evPxdPs.png)
If, at the end of the season, the Twins have a top 10 record, I will buy you breakfast. No, really, I will put $15 in a PayPal account of your choice if the Twins have a top 10 record at the end of the 2015 season.
Yeah I went there this past winter actually, my girlfriend is scared of heights and I basically didn't get to enjoy it
No not really, the only times I'm violent are when the Dbacks are losing, really
Well at least Goldy isn't like 5th
He had a great April but has been pretty so-so since then. Goldschmidt has only been getting better as the season's gone on.
E
Jk bb sorry for bein aggressive
Almost as clutch as Ryan Roberts' walk-off grand slam against the Dodgers a few years ago
He's gotta be leading baseball in IBB right?
Beautiful swings by Trumbo
I love jokes from 2013. Tell me more about this Harlem Shake thing
REJOICE! REJOICE GOD'S EARS ARE STITCHES
Remember when we took that series from you earlier this year?
Stoked to see what Ray can do with an opportunity like this
We look like a minor league baseball team. "D-backs" across the chest in an extreme font? It's ridiculous. We need a total revamp.
I just can't help but feel sorry for the people like you; the life you must live has got to suck for you to be so ignorant and spiteful.
You know, you can say original stuff on reddit. You don't just have to regurgitate memes in every comment you make.
Because we're the Diamondbacks
01001001 00100000 01000001 01110011 01101011 01001010 01100101 01100101 01110110 01100101 01110011 00101101 01100101 01100100 00100000 01101001 01110100
Swanson...I don't know how to feel
Well ok. choo choo
And later owned the Very Good Building Company, which, from what I hear, is a very good company to own.
According to [Baseball Prospectus' Adjusted Standings](http://www.baseballprospectus.com/standings/index.php?standings_sort=pct3&amp;dispgroup=all&amp;submit=Go), if you adjust for underlying statistics (like run differential) and quality of opponents, the Twins are the 27th best team in MLB. The Twins have won about 9 more games than they really should have.
Why do you care
ur lame honeslty
Fun fact: Since the start of last season, AJ Pollock (6.9) trails only Mike Trout (7.1) in WAR/600, min 400 PA.
I mean, Joc Pederson is starting in the ASG this year...
I quoted a tweet I saw. I'm on my phone but will source later
"And Curry misses a close one"
Hahahahahaha this is amazing
Why are you banned from /r/Padres?
Hard to say. They're both top 2
No
I forgot about that. That came out right after he was traded, so I didn't really read too much into it.
My buddy met him (he worked at a car rental place) and said he wasn't a very nice dude
I know, and it's unfair for me to trash Greinke based off of what a friend said about meeting him. Supposedly his wife was very nice though.
But...but..he's black and opinionated!
You can probably have Addison Reed for free
Is he healthy? Just a bad day? That's unbelievable
Hey guys. Haven't been around for a while but I don't have anything going on tonight
Any of you guys playing the Witcher?
SHUT UP BERT
I mean, I stopped playing video games almost altogether for a few years, and the Witcher has had me playing hours at a time, a few times a week since I got it. It's good stuff. It's like mixing Oblivion and Red Dead: Redemption
MadBum's delivery is so rough on baserunners, it's not fair
Ender! Beef! Runs!
Why do we spend so much time talking about how well guys hit in the 4-spot vs. other spots in the lineup? Does it really matter at all?
I know, I just don't get this fixation as if players suddenly just...become better hitters when they're placed in the 4-spot.
Nice hands Craw
Well would you have liked Ahmed up with the bases loaded?
We generally have a good chance when Anderson is on the mound
Ahmed's butthole puckered so hard
There was a KFC directly next door. Maybe I should have hit all three. The "sustenance that kills you" Triple Crown
Now MadBum is gonna homer, good job
I'm just trying to reverse psychology the baseball gods bruddah
It's kind of refreshing, they take a pretty new-school approach to...basically everything
3 rings and 4 no-hitters (including a perfect game) since the turn of the decade are you fucking kidding me
I'll take a 1-0 victory behind a no-no I just know better. I might as well gather some pillows to cry into tonight
Kind of relieved, didn't wanna see Chase throw 120 pitches. His thing used to be that he couldn't stay healthy
http://i.imgur.com/vhagUYI.jpg
Great, so we're gonna lose the game like this
What a good AB by Lamb
eh you're right that was dumb
Put in work
I had you guys in the Series vs the Nationals...I still think it could happen
Looks much better honestly
D-backs ranker, tell me anything
Well that's weird, not sure I've ever looked forward to seeing my team lose a game
This joke is not ~~that fucking~~ funny
[Paul Goldschmidt prepared my gyro](http://i.imgur.com/p5Jj9e0.jpg)
Dat MLB The Show line
I don't want to comment on how good this game is because I'm pretty superstitious about baseball
ayyyyasmany tolmaos
Cliff Pennington is a better outfielder than Mark Trumbo ever was
I would bet $2,000,000 that we'll see Hernandez sometime this game.
I think you're watching the same television program I am
David is still one of my favorite dudes, a relic from the 2011 team. He still brings that heat!
"I think the first pitch should be right down the middle"
Classic
Fuck conventional wisdom Walk this fucker
Addison Reed's butthole broke mach speed
Have a ballgame Cliff haha. Remember the National League, Albert?
SUMMER!
Funny, because when we made that 3-team trade with the Tigers and Yankees, most people were saying that we got the worst return of the deal. I'd say we probably won the trade pretty handily, but only time will tell. We also still have to see how Domingo Leyba turns out.
hi
Bummer, Pollock isn't even a top-15 outfield vote-getter :/
You know he has more money than you, right? If he wanted a Galaxy...he'd probably not be using an iPhone.
Then it's Goldy and not even debatable
Nobody talks about how lucky we are to be watching this guy. Truly an all-time great, regardless of the steroids thing.
But if there
O
What the fuck dude? Are you kidding me? Not happy about this
Luis Gonzalez World Series walk-off.jpg I'm at work if someone wants to help a cousin out
I want to vomit
The Dodgers are/were assholes for celebrating in our pool in 2013, moreso for pissing in it and bragging about it
Sure, and Nick Ahmed will point at the scoreboard. If we're talking about this year, and if we believe that Fangraphs' defensive metrics are reliable, then Nick Ahmed &gt; Andrelton Simmons
Joaquin Arias or Willie Bloomquist
&gt;I ain't got no motherfuckin friends? That's why I fucked your bitch, you fat motherfucker
