He's running a mix of medium and low settings, and the fact that it already looks better than consoles with these settings (besides shadows) gives me hope for stunning ultra visuals.
Then play DayZ/Arma? Those games are about as hardcore as it gets, but it seems with the term "hardcore" comes broken messes
I beg to differ. The game is already vastly superior now compared to launch. Originally the game wasnt reaching 30fps on a Titan X maxed, now of course, frame rates have pretty much doubled across the board. Also, BS on the 70fps low settings. Im getting around the 50-55 mark on the high preset when running 833p on windowed (but i get to use max render res to make up for running in windowed) and the game looks fantastic. tl;dr, this isnt DayZ. Every other week this game is getting updates and is already miles ahead of how it was at launch. DayZ hasnt improved at all
Thanks, i was pretty happy with the cost around $700, since a friend of mine lent me a spare copy of Windows 7 which I can update to Win10 whenever the need arises. I also got an NXZT340 case (i think thats what its called) and it looks beautiful. For my first PC, the cable management alone is amazing since i can basically shove any unused cables in the space behind the motherboard
I haven't had that issue yet. The more intensive games I own DO go up to the 4 gigs according to MSI Afterburner, but I've yet to encounter problems based off of going above 3.5
Good points. Honestly Im not too worried about the Division since the latest gameplays scream "downgrade" (though I have heard the PC version looks miles ahead of console) As for FFXV, which is currently my most hyped this year, I dont really know how that'll turn out. Yeah the engine has problems, but PS4 can run 25-30fps and just look at how insane that game looks. From my experience, a 970 is about 3x as powerful as the graphics in a PS4. (Going off GTAV at 80-90 fps on high-ultra, and Shadow of Mordor easy 80+ maxed)
Funny enough, I have this exact kit of RAM, though the specs may be different. 8 gigs, DDR4, 2600mhz But how'd you change the color? Mine's blue
Funny enough, I had a dream that my shorted out PS2 started working again, so I plugged it in and it ACTUALLY worked. Spent the next month binging Kingdom Hearts and Battlefront 2
The entirety of the name "Tom Clancy" is realistic, gritty, possible scenarios, which was why Tom Clancy was such a famous writer.
I love when games do 1:1 scale locations like this! AKAIK this game is a pretty flawless 1:1 scale of Manhattan, and I love how massive all the buildings are and how to scale every corner is.
Well the fact that GTX 970 is recommended is great, that means I can max this game with ease :)
If anything, you'd be CPU bound. Getting an AMD CPU is a major slap to the face with the insane advantages of Intel CPUs in most games. According to a few rumors here and there, a 970 is the recommended GPU, but you're CPU isnt even meeting min req (which is an i5 @3.1ghz)
Usually when a dev says something along the lines of "not at launch" its just a PR way of saying "nope"
Use the Amazon trick to get a free key. 1. Preorder a copy of the Division for any platform you want (this does not force the beta code on the plat you chose, so you could preorder PC and redeem beta for PS4) 2. Check your email, you'll get your Division beta key there 3. Redeem beta key through the Division beta site 4. Once redeemed and linked to your account, cancel the Amazon preorder So there you go. Amazon doesnt charge for preorders until the game releases, which is why this works
Wait, Uverse is what fucked everything up?! I always wondered why port forwarding was so broken, and its because of AT&amp;T?
He wanted to see what heaven looked like
I remember hearing something about a "something" launched to the moon's orbit that COMPLETELY missed because some idiot used yards instead of Meters. I honestly don't know how someone could fuck up that bad. If you're a scientist, you use metric, simple as that
Tomb Raider, Hitman, Ashes of Singularity, and all the MS store exclusive games like Forza, GoW, and Quantum Break. Needless to say, many more are following
I didn't say I was cheering on DX12. I have a 970, which I was promised had DX12 support, but since there's no async compute (god dammit Nvidia) I have little to no benefit
PS4 has internal
Love my S340. Used it in my first custom rig (the one I'm using now actually) I absolutely love the thing
Only once have I seen a gaming employee who cares about PC gaming. I was buying a Steam card to get the Witcher 3, and the woman there was like "Have you considered the Fallout Nuke bundle?" (Mini nuke with all the Fallout games inside of it) She was insanely enthusiastic about it, and said she got one herself because she loves Fallout. And considering the bundle had only PC versions of the games, I'm pretty sure she was PCMR
Didn't know I was a peasant for not using a TV for my PC gaming. Maybe I'm interpreting wrong, but this gives the impression that PC gamers at a desk are considered "peasants"
Got my 970 for $300 at Best Buy (normally $380). They price matched Microcenter, but the reason I didn't go there to begin with is because where I live down in the Sunshine state, there are no Microcenters for at least 20 miles out
Probably my biggest one, Counter Strike GO. It's the game that made me lose my "shaky hand" in FPS games (when I saw an enemy I'd have a mini panic attack and pray completely off target)
Division or Far Cry 3 please :) I would just say the Division, but I'm sure that has some demand on this post
DOOM or Far Cry 4 please :D
Canceled Blizzard game
Because of their damn purchase options, I bought Origins without intending too. You'd think for the sake of customers they'd put the cheapest offer first
Strange. I've gotten 6 legendaries out of my 16 boxes ive opened I guess RNG is a bitch
No
That's a special case IMO. The whole point of the Retina displays is to have the resolution just right, so that the average distance you'll be viewing the display from, you wouldn't be able to distinguish the individual pixels, which I can totally do on my 1600x900 22" monitor compared to my 1136x640 4" iPhone. Honestly I think the whole idea of Retina displays is great. Why go for more when you won't notice it? It's just wasted performance, especially on a mobile device where battery comes into play.
Technically, the 3DS has a 3D display without requiring glasses, and in some games can look quite good, others, not so much. A lot of developers use the 3D differently too, I remember playing a lego Star Wars game on 3DS, and the 3D made it look as if the screen was the front face of a box, and you were looking down at the game happening inside of said box
Must be the locked 30fps with dips to the low 20s. And dont get me started on motion blur
Same, but i have 3.8
Can confirm, while better, it still sucks. Where I am, I have 35 down 5 up, and have no data cap (AT&amp;T) and I just barely convinced my parents to not get Comcast (75down 10up) which had a cap "But its faster" they said "But its a trap" Ackbar said
At first, I really liked uTorrent, until I discovered Deluge. Love at first sight
I really wish I had waited a few months more before making my first custom build, but I couldn't help myself. For only $70 more overall I could have got Titan X performance instead of a 970
Is that Rainmeter I see? If so, what's the clock called
Can confirm. On the last day of school a senior drew it on the board and under it said "when X happens"
But Hardline is so "meh"
He's practically getting a Titan X for $400~, I'd say that's worth
The online mode is currently in closed beta IIRC. That said, you could pick up the not-so official multiplayer version to test the waters for when online does release.
How can you dislike a community full of dank memes and calling out companies on their BS/sucking the dicks of others? Sounds pretty gr8 to me /s
I remember a few months back when me and a few friends re-installed Halo PC on our gaming rigs. The sad part is, one of our friends PCs didn't have the popup for unsupported hardware... FeelsBadMan
Right? I thought I was the only one who was bothered by the fact the story was recycled
That god damn OP. ITS SO GOOD
Idk man, Chaika is cute and has god-tier eyebrows, this chick looks like she's gonna kill a certain MC soon
Well the "New" 3DS has 3D that doesnt really require you to be at the proper looking angle. That said, I haven't tried it myself
What did I do wrong? I said that looking at my phone screen looks better than my monitor, and for more reasons than just the PPI, though that is a big reason itself
Can confirm. Bought Wii U and don't regret it
I'm sure there were a few people who only came for the codes (its a giveaway, so its expected lol) but I wish you best of luck with your game, and congrats for getting on Steam!
I wouldnt say "would have been fine" but rather that people are used to that, and that this is a different case entirely
Looking for a game to push the limits on my rig, this might be the one :)
The Legend of Zelda Twilight Princess for the Gamecube. If that counts as the last few years :)
Remember when the advertised Snowdrop as this revolutionary graphics type deal? The game at launch looked "okay" and even pretty solid with certain weather, but in general the game looked bland.
Ik I'll get downvotes for this, but I honestly don't care. As long as it has decent content at launch I'll buy it, and not having the French doesnt change my mind, because the game looks awesome regardless
So just, DO IT
They aren't throwing shots at Nvidia, if that's what you mean
Why? Wouldn't the ads "enhance" your experience? /s
Is running over 500fps or so a bad thing? I have a 2D rhythm game that me and a couple friends play, and I get over 3000fps on my 970 Should I put a frame cap? Or is this "GPU working too hard" thing not an issue? QUICK EDIT: I also get 1000+ in Halo 1
Never done this before, but sounds incredibly interesting! Due to certain circumstances, I can't exactly buy games unless its once every few months, which means my Steam library is relatively small. In the span of say, a week, how much money could be made from this? I'd love to try buying smaller games like Shellshock Live and Golf with Friends with this (Using a GTX 970)
Thanks for the info, but something I noticed is the bat file instantly crashes on opening, any idea on how I could fix that? This is what's in my file: -U -F http://etherocean.com:8888/0x94121B6404D095D1FA24454318FDEB143740260A/0
Sheesh, talk about selfish
I run a 6500 with my 970, and it works perfectly fine, I've yet to get a single CPU bottleneck in any game, even if I went on the lowest settings at the lowest possible res just so see if I could hit the bottleneck Which is awesome, coming from a 1.8ghz quad core Phenom to an i3-3220 and now the 6500 :)
Specs? I'm using Alien Blue so I can't see your flair if you have one
200, warframe boost please, thanks for the giveaway OP!
There's multiple reasons, but yeah it's better just to make you own acc and buy only what you want
Not to be that guy, but I have my 970 already hitting 1.5ghz OC'ed. Anything over in unstable, but is 1.5 all that great when you consider the 1080 is getting 2ghz
14? Nice, I got paid a solid amount for making a website for a small local business, it was definitely a good learning experience and the clients were extremely surprised with how well it turned out, since I'm only 15
Well, you could always become Aiden Pierce and press Q to hack them
Right? All I could think of was that even after all they've been through, they still consider themselves acquaintances or something? Like c'mon dude, they all helped each other in some way or another but nooo
I mean, let's be honest tho, if us redditors were in this whole situation, we wouldn't give a fuck about class with all that happened
Kiznaiver?
Well, now no instant crash but I get this message in CMD then windows says "ethminer.exe has stopped working" "CUDA error in func 'ethash_cuda_miner::getNumDevices' at line 112 : initializati | (cuts off here and goes to a new line) on error."
Yeah I was talking about Osu!, but I'll probably set to max 240 to find a spot between gameplay and GPU workload
Ah, I see, thanks for the heads up
To be fair, I already think Marcus will be a way better protagonist than Aiden. Call me crazy, but I like where Watch Dogs 2 is going compared to the original, and as long as it isn't completely broken at launch, I might pick it up
Prolly cuz all those damn HFR soap operas!
Good automod
Right now I'm using a genetic 900p 60hz HP monitor with my rig, but for my next upgrade I want a 144hz GSYNC 1440p monitor, my eyes will melt from the gloriousness
LUL think your cool m8? It's clear my integrated Radeon HD 3200 is the Titan X killer of 2016
Skylake is worth it if you're getting an i3, as the 6100 is a beast for a dual-core CPU, and is probably one of the best budget CPUs on offer. Also, RAM is pretty cheap, you can get 16gb for around $40 last I saw
Warframe please, thanks!
Thanks for the info lol, Ill keep that in mind
Good example. I got GTAV there for Social Club because the Steam key was $10 more. Definitely worth it since at the time, on Steam itself the game was $60
Uninstall drivers and get the latest ones, might do the trick. Or if this started happening after a driver update, revert. Somewhat relevant source: my friend was running DOOM 2016 at 2fps at the lowest settings, after uninstalling and replacing with the latest drivers, he hits 30 on medium settings with his craptop
Well OP, aren't you clever *thinks to self* dammit I've been fooled again!
Wait what's so important about his reveal? If it's not all that essential, could you fill me in?
If only it was as easy as that IRL ;-;
A small graphics update for Half Life 2. AFAIK, it was originally a mod, and Valve then implemented it into the Steam version of the game. It's no Crysis, but it certainly highlights how well the game's artstyle keeps up even after 12 years
"Please insert disc to start" "Well shit..."
To be fair, that's after they fixed it
Can confirm, my friend has one. Works like a charm, supports 4k, though it's very gaming oriented
Where'd you get the lights? I have the same case except black and blue and was hoping to get some lighting in there
Yes, devs are supposed to fix games, but c'mon man, you can't seriously just "forget" that every single game they've launched in the past few years has been utterly broken on launch.
I played it for around 2, but then I got quite bored of it, and I dislike 70% of the people I meet on servers because how theyre either: A. An asshole B. A kid who gets all "you shouldnt say that" because someone swore in the chat Also, i feel like the game's gone downhill since 1.5
Now that... It's just glorious
At the end of the day, Ark is a fun as fuck (though grindy) game. I just want 60fps on my 970 :(
Not entirely true. But yeah, at the time I bought Skyrim, it was $7 for the base game, and around $20 for legendary, and I figured I didnt need the DLC Now I'm fucked. I dont really care about the new vanilla visuals, I just want 64bit and DX11 EDIT: when you get downvoted for no reason. Am I a peasant for not owning the DLC or something lol
