Dude this is so awesome and hilarious
I think it would be cool if we allowed for scripting inventions to be posted here
I don't like nameplates because I think their useless but the rest are cool
Remnant gets a lot of frame rate issues and I was never a fan of the original map, so I kind of find it not that great. It looks good though
Wally and Jay. I really think we should wait a bit for others
Actually maybe not armor effects
For instance I'm a forger who makes various types of maps and inventions. I show tutorials and maps on my channel MartianMallCopStudios. If you create interesting content in a specialty field people who are interested in that field will be naturally more interested in you
I just feel like nameplates are a waste of resources and not very impactful.
Ya the lack of BR starts gets really annoying for me.
I honestly think your having bad luck I actually constantly get Valhalla and construct whenever I try playing halo 3. I never get guardian or assembly though
Me and 3 other friends went through the entire odst campaign. We got massive frame rate drops every 5 to 10 minutes which kinda sucked but at least it was better than when we tried playing halo 3
I like the hunter zoloman one the best as he's not necessarily a total bad guy. He is trying to make superheroes better so they can save people. I think that would be a very interesting character
Why isn't Nyssa or Katana there?
Same reason as why coop campaign isn't fixed or that we can't save videos for viewing later
I really hope GL stays out of the flash. Don't get confused though, I love GL but I feel that adding him in isn't good for the flash. Its like adding batman into arrow, he would immediately steal the spotlight. I'd much rather him have his own show then be on arrow or flash
I feel that as one of the DC bigs that GL can steal quite a bit of the flash's spotlight. I'd rather see the development of vibe, killer frost, firestorm, and maybe some lesser known characters as I find that they have a bit more freedom with them.
My entire team left in a game in halo reach and it was me verse 4 other people on the enemy team on swordbase. I killed 2 of them so the score was 2-0 then his the rest of the game to get the win occasionally getting a few assassinations in the process
343 wanted to find one of the easiest maps to remake so it wouldn't be hard to put out. They have mainly done fan favorites and easy maps to remake. That is why we also have Warlord.
Halo 3 and halo 2 have the best multiplayer
Warlock is nowhere even close to how good turf and terminal were and people liked those maps more as well. Lockout and stone town were obvious fan favorites and shrine was a good MLG map. Warlord and relic were just the easiest to remake
While I agree with that I know plenty of people who don't agree with that who like GL more than the Flash.
That's the thing the damage is done. Look at Battlefield 4. The game is practically fixed completely but they have little population growth since the game already has the reputation of being broken. Same with MCC. That is why they haven't put many resources towards fixing it. Its not profitable
Your rumors are false
Bullet magnetism in h4 and h2a is a little rrdiculous
I think I can safely say they won't bring reach on to the collection for a while now
Its better than before but still has plenty of issues. If you want to play matchmaking you should be good. Customs are much better now due to the recent update but still have some issues. You still can't save theater clips for later. Coop campaign still doesn't work properly for many people. Etc...
H2a vehicles are like frickin tissue paper
It depends how Xbox live cloud servers are doing that day
Halo 5 is going to have legacy options so in customs you'll be able to use previous halo settings if you please. Halo 5 based off the beta is actually much better than halo 4. Those are some reasons
One that doesn't exist. The characters are so much more interesting when they are not in a super hero team up
Well it says his own Felicity. Meaning hopefully a Felicity like character. So hopefully its Patty Spivot. That would be awesome
Diggle
Has he ever shot at the flash?
He learned that the hard way. Because of him making it so the flash wouldn't exist by giving him childhood trauma. He had to make Barry become the Flash so he could get his speed back
I'd love to see these for arrow season 1 and 2
I'd suggest trying HaloCustoms or Forgehub
There will most likely be weapon skins. I think it will not change the sights on the weapon or how the weapon functuons and hopefully it doesnt
It depends on your connection really. Some people take a few minutes to get into a game, some take a few seconds, and some people can't even get into games.
Oh so its like skirmish from reach with AI thrown in
These aren't customizable loadouts right? I'm pretty sure they are like skirmish in reach where there are preset loadouts that you unlock as the game progresses.
Hopefully we'll also get the falcon
Falcon's pls....
Thank you! someone else who understands that the falcon is the vehicle we need!
I've heard that the pistol is 4 shot headshot
Lol no. It's an aesthetic thing that should have no effect on gameplay
Most that I've heard is that people are mostly cool with it but hope that things like the req system have no effect in arena games
I hope this gets fixed so badly
I actually heard there was going to be more customization
http://m.imgur.com/a/v5vt1 This link might work a bit better
They should also do that with forge maps. Best 3 get implemented into dev maps
Hell yes! There are so many better characters in Halo than chief to play as. Like for instance the Arbiter and Buck ( as main character).
This is a really awesome idea!
The closest thing I've seen to that is that the only animal I've seen access the speedforce in comic was grodd
I'd buy the idea of Oliver not playing judge jury and executioner now but in season one he definitely was. He actively killed people who refused to stop their heinous crimes.
Most of the religious inspired parts of Halo were really in H2 an H3, with the majority in H2. Honestly I don't see many in H4 other than the covenant obeying the didact and stuff
Artistic license?
The beta was 6 months ago but recently people were able to play games of warzone at e3. There has been quite a few changes since the beta so many of us are discussing that.
Hard reset?
I'm pretty sure at the end he fails and gets sucked in. Most likely leads to multiverse
Warzone &gt; Destiny
Well if your referring to the current Arbiter, most likely not. The current Arbiter is crazy tough
H3 one was worse
I mean in h5 the banshee and ghost looked cool. Also the new carbine looks pretty BA as well
I hope not. I hate the mantis personally
The way to balance the mantis is to make it about as strong as a warthog. Hijackable as a small vehicle. Give it an open cockpit and remove the rocket feature. Then give it more speed
Well you have to counteract the change in vehicle health with some speed but it obviously doesn't have to be as fast as a warthog. If it were my way it would have chainguns on both sides. It would be hijackable where you could kick the driver out and take his/her place, I'd remove the stomp ability and give it a thrusterpack, so it can avoid being hijacked if the driver is skillful enough.
The map is really bad. There is very little ways for map control and is just a chaotic clusterfuck. It must be your luck. I rarely get it when in matchmaking.
I'm gonna say Roy due to his experience in the field. I feel that Thea is definitely close though
Honestly I don't give a shit about Olicity or Lauriver. I just want there to be good writing. This season they pretty much failed on that, giving us the mediocre season we were subjected to
1. Multiple textures options in the same canvas on the same objects so contrast will be easier (such as concrete, wood, metal, covenant theme, etc) 2. Consistent textures over a variety of objects so players can create interesting geometry without having issues with textures overlap. 3. Falcon return pls and elephant as a vehicle for use in forge. 4. More scripting map gadgets, need things like elevators, laser bridges, activatable water falls etc. 5. Grass planes of smaller variety. 6. Easier to use terrain pieces (terrain flats are a bitch) 7. Ability to change color of all vehicles. 8. The neutral color stripe thing needs to not be light blue, instead it should mean no detail color at all. .... Also there better be scripting in Halo 5 or else!
I honestly would prefer a green arrow game from them more. The superpowers would kinda feel cheap to me the same way that it did in Saints Row
Maybe the covenant was searching and killing Pod occupants and took the pod as scrap. That's my excuse
I'd have to disagree. I'd say destiny's map designs have been pretty trash. They may look great aesthetically but the layout is trash. The only good map in crucible was the one on Venus with the circular spinning half dishes. Most maps have awful heavy weapon ammo positions and are designed so there are little successful map control points. It just leads to cat and mouse gameplay where people don't even try to control the map.
I'd have to say Reach map design was about hit or miss. Powerhouse was good, countdown was good, but for instance swordbase was awful due to the top of the map being very campable. Also the Invasion maps were fairly good. Spire wasn't as good as boneyard but nonetheless they weren't halfbad. But H4 had the worse maps out of every Halo. Solace was practically a gears of war map. Practically every map on it sucked other than daybreak, skyline, pitfall and Landfall. No emphasis on map control. It was designed for people to run around with their heads cut off, cat and mouse gameplay galore.
Well COD players have the tendency to prefer chaotic twitch shooter style gameplay where players have no need to control the map. So many of their opinion s tend to be on the side that Halo should be more like that kind of design, which ends up being detrimental to gameplay. To say a COD player's opinion doesn't matter is obviously wrong and should always be considered. It should also be noted that many gameplay elements of CoD are very bad for Halo.
Well spring can be considered something that has caused the game to be worse. In H4 it was very bad because having sprint made maps excessively large with ridiculous sightlines due to the movement speed being that high. Balancing sprint in h5 has been a better change as they lowered its top speed making the difference between base speed and sprint much less and making shields not recharge while running. tl:dr Sprint was objectively bad in H4.
Well if I'd go into specifics the paragraph would be a lot longer.
This is a tendency. Just because you don't do it doesn't mean it doesn't happen. The game was already trying to veer the kids from CoD to Halo in Halo 4. Just look at ordinance drops, sprint (how it was done in h4), custom loadouts. Everyone I know who loves CoD like Halo 4s multiplayer despite it clearly being the worst of the series mp-wise. That shows my point that in some situations opinions about other games can effect ones outlook on another even if it is slight.
Actually i told you something was bad and explained why it was. That is known as showing evidence for your claim. Well here is the logic behind why sprint was bad in H4. Due to the increased movement speed it you have to pace your shots for greater distances in order to take out a sprinting target so in H4 the maps all had large pacing to match the new movement speed. This means it created large open spaces, exaggerated sightlines and made movement options fairly linear (meaning that due to the map scaling increase, the movement options you have are too far away therefore you are far more predictable to a foe which natural decreases the dynamics of gameplay). Also due to this we get cat and mouse like gameplay of players preferring to run away and be chased down, which is very similar to CoDs style of gameplay, rather than sticking in the fight or finding an interesting route to flank the opponent.
Definitely the Halo 3 one where he throws down the bubble shield and jumps into the crowd of brutes
Wtf why would someone make fake rumors to debunk their own rumors?
Is that even a question. Arby would destroy those fools
They said they were considering it before but idk. Very few dev maps actually run infection good other than ghost town from h3 so they would need forge maps
So... No falcon.... :(
There is a concept known as risk vs reward for weapon placement, basically don't place a weapon where it is most useful, or make a risk to take towards getting that weapon. For instance don't put a sniper in a sniper tower that has a great view of the map, instead place it at a lower part of your map where it is not as useful. Or if you have a sword put it in a more open part of the map so their is a risk of going to get it.
Sorry but that's a horrible idea. If you have large open spaces in your map never put a sniper as other players will get picked off easy. It will lead to just boring games of whoever grabbed the sniper barely has to fight to keep it as they can just pick people off easy from a distance
The issue is with a shitty launch comes the reputation of the game being bad and therefore less players
Legendary magnum that is like the h1/magnum. Grenade launcher from Halo reach.
I'm pretty sure there's only no split screen co-op and you can still co-op campaign online
I really liked it but I've heard a about quite a few people that didn't find it that great
I definitely would. Reach had some excellent design for its campaign
Couldn't even get an extermination. What a noob ;)
Scrub ;)
Na but in all seriousness this was pretty awesome
Well is she using the company's money or her own personal profit from working at the company?
Thats neutral flag. Not 1 flag
Sadly the defenders would be able to pickup the flag which would not be good
1. H3, 2. H2, 3. ODST, 4. H5 tied with Reach
If you hold the trigger they stick. If you just spam it it won't stick
Yes
