It's speculated she's Crane Mother. May be going back in time for the Seven Cities of Heaven Tournament.
http://forums.marvelheroes.com/discussion/144603/khonshus-tribute-a-melee-moon-knight-build-updated-may-22-2015/p1
Anytime! Gnome does a good job breaking the build down and going over why this and that is taken. Gear and such is all pretty much straight forward. My IGN is Vikstyn if you ever need anything.
Go to Scottish Highlands. Find Connor MacLeod. There can be only one.
You get 400 ES on your second log in day. That's enough for a good hero.
Imdb has him listed as Barry Allen.
There's 2 captain boomerangs.
I feel so stupid for wondering what Marvelous! was.
Spoilers..
This makes me so insanely jealous. Gorgon makes my MK eat rocks instantly.
He's my favorite comic character. I half hoped the art dealer shop in DD was owned by Spector.
Fruit lawyer here. It all depends on if the swallows grasp it by the husk or if it's tied to said bird.
X23 for synergy if you main a melee
I think they got him wrong in the VO in game. I would have liked to hear more of his multiple personalities. And the demon voice is Khonshu. He's a great comic to read. The 2015 run of Mr. Knight is good.
Why not make a all time use medkit like D3 has? Unique drop and rare.
THANK YOU!! At work til 5 and was wondering costs.
Is there anything else? What about the quests that had retcons?
I've always got a box at 175. The last 8 boxes were fantastic, nova, storm, and deadpool. In that order. I don't even wanna random box anymore..
I just did this for Gambit. It took maybe an hour. AND I was able to kill Bullseye for the MK1 card.
Still selling.
Who the fuck did he just accordion??!
I was running RIF/SIF boosts all morning farming terms, I did 8 axis one shots, and CICP and got NOTHING to drop except a cosmic Skull medallion upgrade. 2+ hours of 200% for nothing.
Sit in Midtown lobby, go kill anything right outside the door, and run back in. The rarity of the mob doesn't matter.
Not really. Tried it.
Probably.
You're not the only one. Flooded with rude elitist pricks, 'who should I pick next' threads, and Gaz sucks for no event cryfests.
Posts like this will push people away from the game. The Mods need to start deleting toxic trash like this.
Interested in the SG. IGN - Vikstyn
What?! How is that possible? I know he took Carnage in space and did the same thing once.
Moon Knight. Knowing I can get stomped and killed by a boss with his play style keeps me focused. I just leveled Gambit so I'm pumped to see how he does with a hybrid build.
Every random box so far has been a dupe. At least I got a DD dupe tonight so that's a free ult point.
I went more hybrid. Street Sweeper, 52UP, Royal Flush, and Bo Vault with 60/40 physical/energy stats. Debating replacing BV with something else but I don't wanna turn into a range character. I like the midrange melee.
This Thursday is free champ.
Crafter has an option to remove it.
Fumbles is right. It's under Misc.
What are you looking for for the balloon?
I got a low rolled hod if you're into a 1:1
Haha that's super late for me. Just add me and when you see me in game send me a tell. Vikstyn
Awesome. I'm in the U.S. But I'm about to leave for work in 15. I'll be on tonight sometime.
I just green prestiged. With a personal xp buff of 50% and server side, not really rushing mind you, just over 5 hours. Like I said if I put some rush into it I could have done it around 4.
Moon Knight for the extra ult point.
1. That username is good. 2. I think with the endless events that have been going on for the past month, people felt they should have another. IMHO they should have did all the weekly events this month as opposed to last month and a half. Or do a big 10/a set xp bump that scales per week instead of weekly and getting dumped/set xp bonus for the month. Hell any of those options are better than the rolling weekly xp.
What you should have done was send an email showing you bought the Gs. Maybe they thought you were scamming.
I added you btw. I should be back on super early my time. Around 5am or so.
MK is my main and is an absolute blast. But if youre not into getting punished for the playstyle, then I wouldnt use him for the freebie.
http://redd.it/391cqn Honestly it's stickied at the top. Take more time to look.
I ran several with my SG this morning and found well over 100+ in 8 runs.
Nope. Sell em.
I finished up the 365 about an hour ago too. I farmed for Treasure Rooms I didn't have and killed mobs while looking. IMO it was way better doing it that way. Regular MIdtown was pretty good too with damn near instant respawn mobs.
He's already the villain Gladiator.
Same with raids. You can go back and get loot, but no commends.
The irony in this is he won't speak and you'll see him. But he speaks as Groot and you don't see him.
Some hero specific uniques are better for them than non-hero ones. Some heroes use a split of both. Honestly it all depends on who you play.
Does marvel unlimited have all these available? Im willing to drop $10 to read all those like right now. Edit: too many words.
I guess using the search feature on this sub to direct you to the other 500+ threads asking the same thing is too hard eh?
Try getting it through Steam.
It's quite possibly my favorite one. I remember watching it when it came out as a teenager and saying 'holy shit, this movie is dark'. The atmosphere was bleak, and you had that sense of no hope up to the end.
Vikstyn IGN add me.
For you guys that play her how is she? I leveled her to 10 but I don't have her unlocked yet.
I feel like she plays the way Nova should play. I just can't get into him at all.
Add me in game Vikstyn. I'll help ya out
Agreed. The first 6 were phenomenal. But you could REALLY tell the shift on book 7. Now I'm all caught up to 16 I'm ready to see how this ends. Did you read the secret wars with MK in it?
Yeah. I wasn't a big fan of it. I wanna see what's gonna happen if they push on with it.
I'm so jealous that I can't do anything that awesome.
I'm interested in the Annihilation story line. Does it cover all the years of those books? I think it's from 09-14 or something.
As long as I can turn em off I'll be ok. I was reading comics on a free online site but it's buggy from time to time and the selection is just ok.
Was that one in Nashville?
I downloaded the app to check it out. As long as I don't have the smart box on it works fine. I'll have to pinch zoom things, but that's not a big deal.
You have to redownload. But it's worth it when it auto updates for you.
Add me. Vikstyn. I'll be on most of the day tomorrow. I main a decently geared Moon Knight. What are you interested in doing?
What a bunch of aholes..
Kyuss - Blues for the Red Sun
Congrats! I'm on the lookout for the yellow suit version myself.
Spider-Man made his own suit so no.
Shadowland.
Log in by Sunday.
Kyuss and Sleep are great. Jerusalem/Dopesmoker are amazing.
Nova was in the New Warriors before GotG.
r/shittyfantheories
I'm assuming you know Tom Jones is 75. Or are you placing Hey There Delilah pre-Delilah?
I mean Fred Savages room was the size of my living room growing up so I assumed they were well off. Maybe his dad was corporate America in the mid80s and was working in Chicago. Maybe he got held up by a parade downtown that day by some kid singing Twist and Shout.
His dad took the fall money and bet it all on himself to win. He was more than likely a underdog. 5-1 odds at 25k, for example, is $125k return. And with it put in a savings Matt could only use to go to school on, it makes sense he would have go to the orphanage (if the rumors of his mom being a nun there pan out).
Put them in your stash. Shift-click to split.
Hell yeah. Another disciple of Khonshu.
I watched it as a kid. I loved it although I don't recall much of it. Once I saw he was Henry Allen, I knew the new Flash was gonna be a great show.
What a strange thing to ask. Here's an iconic comic book family you probably know about, but don't research the part and don't read comics. That honestly makes 0 sense to me.
You seem to be in the very small minority.
I feel like Tasky has the potential to be a A-list villain but no one ever uses him to his potential.
I went hybrid on Gambit. He's a bit tougher to do stuff on than my MK even with the same upgrades on gear.
MKs nerf wasn't as bad as it was made out to be. We lost some mitigation but gained more DPS from avatar being buffed. Honestly it made the gameplay way more fun.
I just powered him to 60 over the weekend and he's great fun. Dash in and out of fights. And once those combos land the big numbers fly.
Moon Knight.
I was hoping the art gallery Vanessa worked at in Daredevil was a hint at Marc Spector being introduced.
This is what I do every Monday. I pick a new hero I haven't played or worked on in a while and I push them to at least 50. Keeps the game interesting and it helps me find a hero I might like.
The first couple episodes had a yellow tint to them. That was the homage.
Apparently I was way off. It was his dad's boxing robe apparently. But I did read something that said it. But ofc I can't find the source. Who knows.
Second this. I refuse to play anyone else beyond just leveling to 50+ because I absolutely LOVE his mechanics.
Did you read the book? It explains it. I was a bit skeptical too until I read the series. And it was damn good.
Want me to spoil it? It's a fun read.
Yeah that struck me in a bad way, but wasn't it a different writer for that book?
