How would you like your coffee? Do you want any male tears in there or just black?
&gt; Why I do say sir, that is preposterous! &gt; When I dubtly[?subtly] play on Xbox live ~~and~~ speaking the queen's, ~~son~~ I usually chant "your mother revealed thine ~~her~~ shins to ~~myself~~ mineself last night!" yes? I think this is what you meant.
Are you trying to say that feminists are more likely to be fat, or are you saying fat people are more likely to be feminists? This graph indicates the former, though typically probability sits on the y-axis.
ah well, either way good effort op.
Yeah oh man. That was a long worthwhile read. Holy shit that woman is crazy. For a moment I almost thought she was a troll. But I don't know...
Its still almost 6k calories (~3 days) for one pizza. Kind of crazy...
please don't kill the honey bees. They are gentle creatures, unless you are in their nest.
Do you have any evidence?
see my post above, but yeah probably...
it's all ok, that is what the internet is about.
the way liverpool plays a bunch of porks might do better.
we must grow this sub, like a pheonix from the ashes of pao's cunt
then we shall post in the shade!
little of column a, little of column b
Ah yes, IIRC CERN in the 90s, some of the worlds also some of the worlds largest trolls. /s I agree with you and the above isn't quite sarcasm. Honestly some academics are huge trolls. Source: Am a academic
We should have public baths in America.
this was relevant when posted. so sorry you got downvoted.
Unfortunately yeah, he seems legit. This entire article is rage inducing though. I kind of want to take this guy out into the dessert and beat him over the head for a while until he regains his common sense.
&gt; but I do know my fruitloops are going mushy. Can you explain? Is your Toucan missing as well?
This is the last straw!
&gt; You must focus on my intentions, which cancel out the impact of my behavior So if I'm not intending to be racist?
No shitlord, women cannot harass
I thought the original post was cute.
Yeah but don't do a good job or they will trade you for picks
No, for Eichel
yeah... not a mistake you want to make
Rheinhart?!? Well... Ok I guess...
Do we actually need more Forward talent? I guess that might be a sign someone is getting traded soon...
Maybe that is why they broke up, so one of them could play for Montreal.
I'm sorry... I shouldn't be so mean. I know how hard it is living in NJ :P
&gt; That would actually be the most sensible solution for the Greeks. So they probably won't do it then?
I hope they don't pay Poulin too much, like at all....
Oh ok nevermind then. I for some reason thought Cronin did both.
[Need to Go Downtown for the New Years Win](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JGhoLcsr8GA)
With strait in we are damned if we do damned if we don't. He should be limited to like 15 minutes per night if possible... but cappy plays him over 20 usually...
and without Halak. Greiss is good, but he does not control the puck well and leaves a lot of rebounds.
Dayummmm that was painful. Better luck tomorrow.
You are right, reddit would be way more sympathetic.
Pelech in, Greiss in net. Clutterbuck is a game time [decision](https://twitter.com/NYIslanders/status/683737915369848833)
It takes Pi times longer to complete a task than you expect.
&gt; unless Garth pulls a rabbit out of his ass He has been doing a fair amount of that lately. I would not be surprised if he did it again.
Wilson isn't even worthy of honky's tread marks on his ass.
These guys need to get what's coming to them. We need to get the MC^2 line out there after this pp.
it's ok I'm too tired to deal with that thread either, just come have a nice enjoyment of the game with us.
if you mention it to them they will say 2 things. 1. What? Are you still mad about that? and... 2. It was a legal hit.
[There we go](https://i.imgur.com/hHYJKeI.jpg)
[That's how you score a goal](https://i.imgur.com/JfdyM0T.jpg)
depends on what happens and what is said in that locker room but I agree, a comeback is not out the question.
They have been pretty awful tonight in general.
yeah ok, I'll join the fuck tim peels bandwagen... he got at least 3 wrong tonight.
&gt; Volunteer at brewery? Sounds fun. Sure is! Just an inconvenient time this week.
It's worse than that, once strait finds the puck he passes it to the other team. We might as well have hickey out there alone.
I hope we are so lucky
Nah I got it, just wanted to make sure the PHI fan knew it was humorous.
Unless you are sitting behind Cappy your ideas probably won't help...
That Pelfield D pair is something else.
I know that was hit hard, but greiss should save that one.
Boychuk and Hamonick come back fast and we squeak in because Brian Strait never plays a game again?
Well I have a theory. See Cappy is confused and thinks strait is a good or decent defender. S Cappy uses him as the metric for if other defenders are good. So he plays Strait with someone else like Pelech to size them up BUT they can't be everywhere so they don't look good because they are busy covering straits ass. But then strait looks better than he is because he's never in on the play when the other team scores so Cappy thinks strait is good and hence we will never be rid of strait.
If I win the powerball (1.4 billion) I'm buying this team and firing cappy day 1.
Kulemin doesn't take many penalties... I can forgive this.
OMG Did Brian strait just almost score?
Third strait penalty....
Lunquivist has no stick.. Strait falls down... yup that's how this game will go.
JAR-O!
considering the whistle was blown when Halak touched the puck it's a good call. definitely late after the whistle but it's not martin who's still skating.
Strait does many things, most aren't good.
Yeah but if Tavares pushes him it won't end well.
2nd most wins and games coached. But he is MILES behind Al.
He needs to pick between a beard and a goatie.
Ok but you have to take Strait as well.
[ I love this](https://i.imgur.com/hHYJKeI.jpg)
yeah but then it would be out of market and not on centerice/ whatever I have.
[yeah there are a lot of assistant coaches though](http://www.usahockey.com/news_article/show/599451?referrer_id=1327756) So it's not entirely like those two are solely responsible for calling the shots. Let's just hope Cappy is not in charge of the PP
Bullshit, I've seen Strait fall for no reason. If you go at him 20-30 times he's going to turn and trip at least once.
Watch him not score a goal... Seriously he needs to wake up, maybe this will do it.
I'm in Atlanta... I don't think I can make it to that one because valentines day and all...
Some say he's still in bed because he stayed up till 4 am again.
Ryan N-H would be great but we really need a D man.
WHAT'S THE TELEGRAPH SAY ABOUT THE RAPE THREATS!? #**THEY'RE OVER 9000!!!**
i'll be clapping for the rest of the thread
Is fishing code for sex? Seriously that's a lot of kinky thoughts even for me.
I might do this as well. Plus then I can couch co op all those sweet sweet coop games that I don't know about
I'm always surprised when a new Ethiopian food place opens up.
It's been pretty good. Kessel and the Penguins have shown they are legit the best around. Unfortunately the Sharks haven't lived up to the hype, I really expected game 5 to be played with 2 wins a piece. It has a real david and goliathe feel
That projected first line gave me chills.
Something everyone can agreebon
Sure, you just can't let it happen near the net.
Basically yeah. Lucic probably isn't ideal and neither is Lee but I think that those two playing with JT every night could make that line productive. All this being said, the numbers that Lucic wants I think make him a fantasy for us. Too expensive honestly.
Currently we have 70k subscribers. Perhaps if we each chip in 20 bucks 1.5 mil might pry jezebel from them
&gt;MFW I answer my own post from a different account.
'he says, you didn't think an islander could take that good a save in goal, would ya?' -- 19s left in the period then 'Cizikas was near by'. so just some cheap shots at us for no reason I guess?
Just like Martin Jones.
This offseason is going to be crazy with the expansion draft.
given this is a year away, I would not be sureprised if we didn't protect Boychuck if he has another bad season.
Makes way more sense than a world class hacker releasing information on a wordpress...
Can I just reuse the my hockey playoff beard for this? It's pretty nice actually
Installing tonight and seeing how my steam controller works with it.
I run all amd and it works fine. Just use the FOSS driver and you should have no problems
yeah, nowhere did OP say my post had to be true. but still for the money he makes I see him as only underrated by fan. Management didd a goodish job assessing him. 30-40 pts per year at 3-4 million is a not bad. If you consider this year a slump, which it seems to have been for the team, his CF% rel hasn't been too bad over this contract... 2.7 .2 -1.7 ok yeah he needs a solid 2+ next year but otherwise i think his number are fine. If he gets 50 pts and a cori rel of like 3 I think everyone will owe him a huge 'sorry mate'.
