Which movie, just out of curiosity?
SJWs, their games, their ideas, the things they like, the art they want to create...have a right to exist, as much right as anyone else's. But when they seek to censor, to indoctrinate, to propagandize, to lie about games and slander gamers, to circlejerk their friends, blacklist their enemies, shame creators and players, and otherwise try to exert control over the direction of the hobby and related spaces? That. Is. UNETHICAL. It's disgraceful, unfair, unjust, sometimes flat out illegal behavior whether they are doing it in the name of ideology or not. It serves the cause of ethics to oppose this, and it serves the cause of ethics to point out the general lunacy of the people doing it and the things they believe, because those ideas and dogmas are the excuse they use to justify their unethical actions, since to them the ends justify the means. And drawing an arbitrary line that we just don't talk about things like protein world or shirtgate because they're not directly gaming related is shooting ourselves in the foot. These are clear cut, obvious examples of SJW censorship, witch hunting, bias, and general unethical behavior that neutrals and people outside the hobby will understand, and they are useful tools to expose the general mentality and tactics of our opposition without having to catch everyone up on the history of GG and complex gamer issues. Ultimately, these "off topic" SJW events SERVE THE CAUSE of ethics in gaming by helping to expose the same group of bad actors who are poisoning our industry to serve their political purposes. This is not TIA, it's not about just posting stupid things they say and laughing at them. But their efforts at censorship and all the rest of the bad shit they're also trying to do to gaming? That's relevant even when they're doing it in other spaces because it serves as a useful example, and maybe even lessons we can take and apply in gaming, like the way protein world stood up to them, that's a lesson devs could learn from, and we should be trying to teach it.
Going on a tropical vacation is my safe space! I'm totally not privileged at all!
They never backed off on paid mods? But...they took the system down and admitted they messed up?
Don't waste 10 grand on some stupid prank, whatever you do with it Milo, put it towards something actually worthwhile, a charity, bees as someone suggested, or maybe some sort of pro-gamergate campaigning.
If Valve wants to release a paid modding system for one of their own games...well how's that different from steam workshop stuff in DOTA or team fortress? I mean, I'm not against the idea of paid mods in principle, some mods are truly professional quality stuff that deserves to make money, and WOULD make money if not for copyright issues. I just think Valve implemented the system in a very bad way the first time, lopsided rev share, no consumer protections, all sorts of potential for companies to abuse it... This refund system is at least the FIRST building block towards amending policies so that paid mods COULD be a viable system in the future. I'm just afraid their first attempt might have so badly poisoned the well people will now be paranoid.
I like the comment "Gamergate people will think anyone is GamerGate if they talk about da ethics and da industry". How do you rationalize that statement with believing ethics is a smokescreen for harassing wymynz?
The narrative seems to be starting to crack in vidya, maybe the rest of the world isn't far behind.
To McIntosh, facial expression is just not good enough, he outright says so. This game is a triumph of facial mo-cap, Geralt's face (and really everybody's) is super expressive, but it's not a "real" show of emotion to this guy unless he breaks down in tears, wailing in angst and tearing his clothes like a tantruming five year old. And he somehow thinks that including something in a game is endorsing it. Geralt literally can't cry, his mutations have somehow damaged his tear ducts, this has lead people to believe that Witchers are emotionless, leading to fear and suspicion of them, and pigeonholing Geralt into a very narrow social role against which he chafes. If anything, that's an open CONDEMNATION by the game of the idea of "compulsory male stoicism", but I guess that's too subtle for McIntosh. Here's a thought Jon, maybe if you don't think anyone should "talk over" women about feminism, you should leave discussions of masculinity to people who actually have some.
They're TRYING to offend you, that's the POINT! It's like going to the heart attack grill and complaining there was no diet food!
"but the dictionary definition of feminism is equality!!" The part where they start talking about how in a non-monogamous system, all men are forever alone virgins except a lucky few is one of the best examples of horseshoe theory I've ever seen though, echos redpill rhetoric perfectly. Couldn't tell if this person actually can't spell polygamy though, or was trying to "womyn" it.
Funny thing, I've been bulking and cutting to build muscle for about two years now, and every time I cut, I stick with it, the weight comes off no problem, and I look like a lean mean fighting machine until I make the conscious decision to bulk again, and I've never harmed myself in the process. All it takes is a little willpower.
"Zoe Quinn dared to make a game that challenged the status quo of "what's a video game"". No she didn't. Depression Quest IS a video game. In fact, text adventures were among the very first video game genres, and DQ has an express failure state, your character can commit suicide. It's unambiguously a video game, it's just a bad one.
Well sure, I'm the first one to say "you can't ban someone from a hashtag", it's sources like ralph retort going out of their way to defend him that concern me.
I tend to go by the TB definition. If it has mechanics, interaction, and an express or implied failure state, it's a game.
The idea that Geralt is emotionless is just such obvious bullshit. The characters in Witcher 3 have beautiful facial mo-cap, Geralt included, you can SEE his feelings. This just isn't good enough for a clod like McIntosh who can't grasp subtlety and thinks that if a character isn't whining and tantruming, they're not showing their emotions. He seems to have never grown up, and therefore doesn't understand adult reactions to emotion. He's latched onto the whole idea that "Witchers have no feelings", which is an in-universe myth based on the fact their mutations render them unable to cry. While Geralt himself insists this is true, it is BLINDINGLY obvious that he doth protest too much. It's like the joke about the robot who's sad that he has no emotions. Hell, the man's entire QUEST is about love, both paternal and romantic!
I assume this person thinks twitter and tumblr followers actually mean literal...you know...followers.
Given how many of them can rationalize violence by "marginalized groups" I wouldn't be surprised if they'd really believe that.
If some chick wants to some sit on my lap on the subway, she's welcome. Well...normally, this one on the other hand would probably cry rape if I got a boner.
It's a bit of blatant but harmless fanservice, it shouldn't need justification beyond that. We're just dealing with nutcases who think fanservice is inherently evil and oppressive...at least if it's fanservice for straight men, Dorian's ass is fine.
There's nothing liberal about SJWs, they are hardcore authoritarians who only want everyone to be free....to live exactly as they tell them to live. Same shit as the worst bible thumpers.
thennophobia is entirely reasonable. As in, literal phobia, they're terrifying.
You're grading whether DINOSAURS are portrayed in a sexist manner, you have officially jumped the shark. Or the giant thing that eats the shark as the case may be.
99% of the time, defending free speech is defending someone's right to be an asshole. But letting them do so is a necessary evil, because once free speech starts to get curbed, abuse is inevitable, I have NEVER seen a speech code that hasn't been subject to abuse. Plus, there's the other important matter, the question of bias. I'd honestly be fine with it if Reddit legitimately went out and banned ALL the subs that harass and brigade people on a regular basis. But they're not. They're only banning subs opposed to progressive ideologies. I doubt we'll see a single SJW sub get banned no matter how heinous its practices. The goal is an ideological shift of the site, the rest is a pretext.
Two wrongs don't make a right. FPH is a shitty sub full of hypocritical asshats. But so's Ghazi, which lies, censors, brigades, bans people for no reason, and is exclusively aimed at hating another group. But they have the "right" politics, so they're not banned. I stand by my statement that I would have no problem with this policy if the bans were evenhanded and politically unbiased, but as long as Pao is only banning subs that are anti-SJW, this is a legit problem.
So now it's not about the behavior of the sub, now it's about the principle of the fact it was banned, even if the new sub has better rules against harassment. "not banning ideas", riiiiight?
You know, I don't disagree that a lot of reality TV is lowest common denominator voyeuristic trash, but I don't think it's because of racism.
Yes, painting your face completely chalk white must totally be about black people...
Well I agree with one thing, if you wouldn't jump on the opportunity with a pornstar, there's clearly something wrong with you! But seriously, I get it, to some people, a lot of people, fidelity is extremely important, and they couldn't get past the idea that this person's job requires them to do something they consider to be cheating on them. That doesn't mean you look down on them for doing it, it's just not something that works for YOU.
I don't know what's crazier, the part where she expects a guy to go to jail for a crime he didn't commit as a martyr for her cause, or the part where she's concerned about men transmitting unspoken slurs by mental telepathy.
I feel really bad for you man. You are a black developer, making a game about themes of social justice and equality, in which (if this is anything like other deus ex games) there is always a non-violent, or at least non-lethal option for the player, with complex, mature storytelling that touches on important real world themes. If the SJWs were true to their claimed convictions, they would be lauding you as a hero, and your work as a seminal game for our age. But because you used a metaphor for racism instead of hitting the audience over the head with the subject matter, because you respected the player's intelligence and trusted them to understand an allegory, because you created art and not propaganda, you're being crucified by ideologues who stand for nothing beyond meaningless anger. Thank you for standing up, thank you for speaking out, thank you for not staying quiet or apologizing when you've done nothing wrong. Thank you for not being their shield. Let GamerGate be your sword.
Well if you'd rather I fucked you up the ass...
Probably, like I said, it's SO PERFECTLY TIMED right when she needs something to play the victim about. But that's beside the point, we shouldn't let ourselves be put on the defensive like that, having to disprove and distance ourselves from accusations that we did something that is part of normal, completely acceptable political discourse and campaigning. Even if we HAD done this, we'd have every right to, and we shouldn't let the SJWs construct a narrative that makes it impossible to use ANY method of campaigning against them without it being labeled harassment.
Free speech is essentially dead in Europe, express the wrong opinion and you can expect a visit from the cops, a chilling vision of where we're heading when even creating a platform to PERMIT free speech is considered unacceptable.
Because as bad as the KKK is, they never took over the country and murdered millions.
Holy hell, the one about how transwomen are their property made me want to vomit....
"truscum" gets me every time. How can anyone be part of a movement that considers caring about truth to be scummy and not realize you're on the wrong side? Like seriously, these are people who make everything about identity politics while outright saying you can just make up your identity, that's nuts.
Eh, watch, but no need to worry just yet. Every time there's a mass shooting, the left tries to score points by blaming lack of gun control, and the right deflects by blaming the media instead. And invariably nothing is accomplished by either side. This is a stock political drama we've seen played out a million times. Besides, the religious right is no longer really listened to on the subject of games, and the violence panic has lost its traction and been thoroughly debunked. Given that pivoting to an anti-violence stance basically just destroyed Sarkeesian's credibility overnight, I don't think this is gonna get anywhere.
http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-iVqvZ-GSAgc/Tu1x5fINjyI/AAAAAAAABJs/qRrrRt9w6_U/s1600/AFRICA+WEIGHTLIFTING.PNG Your excuses are INVALID. I refuse to believe that you don't own shoes, and you can't afford a swimsuit, and you've never seen a YMCA, which will only ask you to pay what you can afford. You seem to have a computer and an internet connection, so no, you're not so destitute you can't afford shoes. But even if you WERE, even if you were fucking naked and penniless, you could still drop and give me 20. Pushups, situps, lunges, planking, etc, never cost anybody a dime.
Now it's 1 in 3? Pretty soon they'll say it's 1 in 1, just GOING to college is rape.
Of the three main female characters in FFVII, one has very large breasts, another has very small ones, and the third seems about in between. I cannot imagine a way to be MORE "representational". Anyone who has a problem with that doesn't want more diversity in games, they want LESS, and their principle motives for doing so, logically, can only amount to jealousy or spite. So Square's got a pretty clear choice here, they can cater to the people who love their game, or they can cater to the people who want to SPITE those who love their game.
Frankly, if someone working at pizza hut wants to eat a perfectly safe, fresh, edible pizza that was simply rejected by a customer for being the wrong order, I see no reason not to let them. Maybe they're worried that employees might deliberately get orders wrong if they think they get free stuff by doing so? But if the average pizza hut is already throwing out 20 pizzas per day, I can't imagine anyone would need to do that....
Oh yeah, but the reverse is perfectly okay, the dictionary definition of feminism is sacred, but everything else is "outdated" or "biased"
You posted pictures of your tits, and now you're shocked people who don't normally read your blog looked?
Don't you know that the word bad has misogynistic and homophobic origins?! And "unreal" mocks people with reality disorders! Stop triggering me, shitlord!
This contains enough buzzwords that it sounds like a troll. If not though...friendzoned werewolves, lol!
I always played femshep and I always romanced ladies (okay not always, but come on, they gave me Garrus as an option, how could I not?!). Probably not for quite the same reasons an SJW would, but I still enjoyed having the option.
It was a stupid comment to make in public, I can understand why it upset people, I can understand calls for a retraction or an apology. I CANNOT understand or condone it destroying someone's career, it just wasn't even close to that big a deal.
I support petitions to ban statehouses and any other official institutions of government from displaying the confederate flag, as the secession was an act of treason. Private entities, however, can express whatever the hell views they like, including to espouse that a group of historical traitors had a point. And the idea of censoring historically accurate representation of the civil war because it might offend someone...that's just lunacy. Those who forget their history are doomed to repeat it. In principle, I support the right of private stores to opt not to carry a product they disagree with, so long as the decision is born of their own convictions and not a response to outrage, but I also believe stores should exercise reasonable judgement in their use of that right, or they kinda suck as stores.
That doesn't mean he's a misogynist, it means he's a hack. Just because something is a cliche doesn't mean it's sexist.
Gone with the wind was not created to be a piece of propaganda advocating for the confederate cause, it was created to be a piece of art, depicting life at a given time period, from a certain perspective. Gone with the Wind is a valid piece of media. 12 years a slave is a valid piece of media. Both bring useful insight into our understanding of both our own history and the human condition. Scarlett O'hara's story does not invalidate Solomon Northup's, nor the other way around. Every slave owner does not need to be evil to call slavery an evil institution, even good people can sometimes do bad things out of weakness or ignorance. The mere condition of being a slave is inherently and obviously an abuse, the slave's owner heaping additional abuse on the slave on top of that is not necessary, and even the fact that SOME slave owners did so and the system was deliberately and inherently structured to normalize and enable such abuses is more than enough to condemn it. These facts are obvious to any rational person, we do not need to propagandize history, to tell an implausible and outrageous lie to ourselves and oversimplify the world into cartoonish heroes and villains so that nobody could possibly "get the wrong idea". We don't need to force the media to act as though every person who lived in the South before 1865 was basically Calvin Candy, we don't need to deny those we disagree with inner lives, dreams and struggles, and real humanity in spite of the cruel institution they directly or indirectly supported, and pretend that to a man, they fought for nothing but sheer and wanton cruelty. That is itself an effort to dehumanize others in the most extreme way possible. TL:DR, no sane person is going to suddenly decide they're pro-slavery simply because they saw a movie about a likeable slaveholder.
And then there's arkham. There should be a B rating too, as in, utterly BROKEN.
Yeah, they really have, we really need to jump on this before any of these tricks become normalized, I really don't want to see the brand of graphics card you have become the next means by which certain content and features are locked behind some sort of exclusivity and it becomes even more impossible to get a full and complete game.
This is actually a really useful idea, but I think it needs less rigid categories. For example, TB's recent discussion of Koei games ports...into which of those five categories would you put "the game can run at 120FPS...4 times as fast!", the framerate may be limitless, but it's still broken as fuck, but in a way that doesn't exactly fit into their five neat little boxes. They need a more open system to better categorize all the numerous inventive ways devs can manage to fuck up.
I...what? SERIOUSLY!? I don't know if someone like that gets off on hypocrisy just for the sake of it, or if he's for gun control....to put the competition out of business!
Having worked on shadow of mordor, what was your opinion on the game's ending, and if you agree with many fans that it was...to say the least a lackluster final boss, why did the devs/publisher go ahead and do it like that anyway?
FFVII has three main female characters. One has a small chest, one has a medium chest, one has a large chest. What could possibly be more "representation" than that? Denying Tifa's figure is asking for LESS diversity in games.
I think the majority of people here would say that they have a right to exist and are a legitimate medium, but probably aren't our taste, because we're more into traditional gaming. And also that "art games" that lack actual mechanics should not call themselves video games. Not because they're lesser, or gaming is somehow exclusive, but because every product should be accurately advertised so the consumer can make an informed purchase. For me personally...I think this is a very new genre/medium that's only beginning to find its feet, and like many things at the start of their life cycle, they don't get things perfect right out of the gate. There is a lot, and I mean a LOT, of pretentious twattery currently going on in this art form. Bad games made by snobby hipsters who think they're brilliant artistes (extra e on purpose) who look down their noses at regular video games and take any criticism to mean that their genius was lost on the unwashed masses. And that's not a unique problem to art GAMES, people like that seem to be an obnoxious constant in art in general. That said, I think this medium has potential in the hands of people who are competent and not full of themselves, I don't think art games are an inherently bad idea, Stanley Parable showed me what this concept was actually capable of and I liked what I saw. We can debate all day whether Stanley Parable is technically a video game, but whatever it was it was funny, and intelligent, and worthy of my time and money. So yes, more of that please, and less of Sunset.
He turns out to be factually wrong, yes, but he's still seen as a good man and a wise, worthy mentor for our hero. Others saw him the same way, because EU writers (in the old canon) continued to have his ghost appear to Luke to offer sage advice long after Endor. Luke exceeded his expectations, but that didn't make Obi-Wan bad. And mind you, I don't think Obi-wan personally is bad, I think he's a well meaning cog in a system that had become corrupt. But back to the point...on what evidence do you believe Lucas meant for us to see the Jedi as having become bad? Because I can't think of any instance in which fault on the part of the Jedi has been acknowledged by any sympathetic character, or otherwise pointed out in any way that can't be dismissed as a villain rant? As compelling evidence that Lucas DOES NOT believe this, I would point to the clone wars TV series, which not only does nothing but glorify the Jedi, it goes absolutely OUT OF ITS WAY to avoid ever making them look bad. Take for example the case of Barriss Offee, who ultimately becomes extremely disenchanted with the Jedi, and this is treated as a fall to the dark side on her part, and before the audience is allowed to hear her side of the argument (which is dismissed by all likable characters), we're told about all the horrible things she's done now that she's "evil." Or the case of Master Krell, a villain of a four episode story arc from the same show, initially depicted as a cold and ruthless Jedi who'll do anything to win, but in the end revealed to have switched sides and be secretly working for Dooku. He'd have been a much more compelling character and the whole thing a much better story if he'd simply been what he appeared, a Jedi commander who refuses to see the clone troopers as fully human and doesn't care how many of his soldiers he gets killed. But Lucas instead chose to sacrifice his narrative for the sake of making sure that all Jedi remain unambiguous good guys, and any counterexample can be dismissed as "no longer a true Jedi".
I mean, where she talks about how it doesn't properly develop relationships. That's a plot hole. And frankly, things like giving the viewer a proper sense of scale (something Star Wars, which treats planets like towns, has always been bad at), or explaining its core mythology elements in ways that aren't terribly simplistic and out of touch with believable human behavior...are things that other movies are expected to do IN THE MOVIE, not relegate to supplementary materials. Because most movies don't HAVE supplementary materials! Frankly, if a game did this, we would call it cutting out part of the lore to sell it separately as DLC. If another movie did it, we'd call it convoluted bullshit. I don't know why people give Star Wars a pass, especially after they nuked the entire EU after decades of building it up. I'm sorry, but I refuse to give a shit about the new EU. I could tell you all about the Celestials and the Infinite Empire, the Force Wars of Tython, the scheming of Marka Ragnos and Naga Sadow, all the way to Palpatine's clones, Grand Admiral Thrawn, and Luke's descendant Cade. And then Lucas sold the license and Disney capriciously threw it all in the trash, shrugged, and said "well maybe SOME of it happened" with no specifics. Once burned, twice shy, I'm not gonna spend that much time and effort learning lore they'll just retcon next time they're bored again. They can make coherent movies like everybody else and not use the EU as a crutch.
Maybe not Zangief, but Ryu certainly does, they seem to have given him an entire skin based on that idea in the new game. Vega is definitely a bishounen type character whose physical appeal to the presumed tastes of female players definitely seems like a considered element of his design. But I digress...if that is so, what would be an example (from a video game) of fanservice designed to appeal to straight men of conventional tastes that's NOT diminishing for the female character providing said fanservice? If Capcom is doing it wrong when it comes to Chun Li, what could they look to as a model of how to do it right?
Witcher combat isn't clunky, it's...deliberate. It's about preparing a plan of attack carefully BEFORE the fight, then executing it. Geralt's not a superhero, even with his magic and mutations, he can't just take on an army and win, he's gotta be very careful about how he approaches a fight, but when you pull it off, especially on the higher difficulties, you feel like a badass.
One of the best things I've read in a while. "Rey would be ashamed of you!" absolutely hilarious, deserves sticky. Or at least, would if reposted tomorrow for sanity sunday.
People who rant about this kind of stuff, comparing wanting a woman to shave her legs to pedophilia, are usually the first ones to dismiss a man they disagree with as a "neckbeard". Shaving body hair is hardly a female only thing, manscaping exists too. Or did you think the Hemsworths, the Winchesters, Stephen Amell, Taylor Lautner, and all your other hearthrobs just naturally grew no chest or back hair?
The writers of PPG were actually really fucking smart, they predicted A LOT.
Satire.
Best? Witcher. Worst? Ignoring trash-tier shovelware that plays like a high school project? At least the BIGGEST DISAPPOINTMENT would be battlefront.
Gamers right now are in a very defensive frame of mind, and we are that way because a bunch of loudmouths showed up one day and started accusing us of horrible crap and demanding we change. Given the situation, I don't think it's unreasonable that we're on our guard. And as a consequence of that, we ARE suspicious when it comes to intent, and I think we have reason to be, there ARE a lot of very clear cases of developers making changes that negatively impact our enjoyment of games in direct response, or at least direct correlation, to pressure from feminist groups. It should not be taboo to question someone's motives IF you have actual evidence (circumstantial evidence included, it's allowed even in criminal trials after all) to support your accusation. You should not need proof beyond all reasonable doubt before you're even allowed to MAKE THE ACCUSATION...but you shouldn't make completely unfounded accusations either. So yeah, there's baggage, and that goes doubly when writers actually come out and say "Look at our super diverse diversity guys!" and make it clear that decisions they made in their creative process were based on politics taking precedence over plot. Rey is a good example of this. Rey, in effect, COMBINES the roles and abilities of both Luke and Han, and in many ways, she's better than either of them were in both their areas of expertise, at least relative to their skill levels in a new hope. When one character in a movie is THAT MUCH more powerful, more special, and more capable than the entire rest of the cast, completely self-taught, and needs no help from anyone ever, the accusation of "Mary Sue" is just about inevitable, and when the person behind that character has already said that they made the character that way specifically to make one demographic feel like the movie is for them now, the accusation of pandering won't be far behind.
&gt; The player cannot help but treat these female bodies as things to be acted upon,because they were designed, constructed and placed in the environment for that singular purpose. Players are meant to derive a perverse pleasure from desecrating the bodies of unsuspecting virtual female characters. You mean THAT preceding paragraph where she makes MORE unsupportable motive assumptions, AND claims a player cannot help but do something they VERY MUCH have a choice whether to do or not, and in fact perform better in the level if they AVOID doing? And refers to living female characters as bodies, to imply they were murdered when they weren't? If numbers are meaningless, your argument is unfalsifiable because it's impossible to meet the goal of proving that a significant enough number of gamers were upset by these decisions for it to matter. I never said she's out of canon, I said that star wars fans would argue whether the movie is contradicting or ignoring prior canon. You know, like fans always do, sitting down and dissecting writer mistakes by pointing to all the things a series has said or demonstrated previously to prove that it's not being internally consistent? The discussion only BECAME KIA-worthy when SJWs started attacking people just for saying she's a Mary Sue. It's irrelevant if she IS one or not, at least to the mission of this sub, it's relevant that people should not be shamed and slandered for daring to question the writing quality of characters SJWs approve of.
To be fair, if there really were a 5000 year old all-powerful illuminati composed of half the world's population and nearly all of its government, industry, and armed forces, dismantling it, if even possible, WOULD be a colossal task that would take generations to accomplish.
That's...remarkably sane and a very good summation of events. Hopefully, more and more of what remains of this country's sane left and center is realizing that they have to take their asylum back from the lunatics or they're gonna end up with President Trump.
Hahaha! The shit people fall for...
Right and wrong simply does not matter to these people, only progressive stack. Whoever is less privileged is right, whatever fits the narrative is right.
I'm glad you're having romantic fantasies about your future perfect life with the one you love, that's definitely the right attitude to have going into a marriage. But you know everybody thinks that, right? Gay or straight, male or female, every lovestruck person in history has been fantasizing like this. It's not a social issue, it's not political, you're in love, embrace it but don't think it makes you better than everyone else.
How about we see people as individuals instead of blaming them for the actions of categories...which is...you know, the hallmark argument of the SJWs.
"Such as"? How does a person prove consistency? How do you provide examples of a person NOT being a hypocrite? Find examples of them saying the same thing at different times? But...that's almost everybody on the planet! And the difference between this person and all those SJWs claiming they're being driven out of places for being feminists, is that she's actually right. You ARE trying to drive feminism out of this space. In a quite dedicated manner. You show up to shit on Liana every time she's brought up, you demand anyone who identifies as a feminist "be accountable" for all of the movement's sins to try to shame them into dropping the label, you outright accuse them of being part of a hate group...I know you get mad when I say you're doing the same thing as the SJWs, but this is all literally word for word from their playbook, denouncing people because they belong to categories, guilt by association, accusing people of being in hate groups...you are incredibly, RELENTLESSLY, hostile.
They're PANICKING now that they're facing more and more scrutiny and resistance, and the more they panic, the more extreme they get, which only makes them look worse in a vicious cycle. It's also fairly inevitable when you create a club in which any member who is too moderate is crucified, but there are no consequences for being too extreme, the overton window can only drift one way.
DMCA needs more stringent protections against abuse, and against the chilling effect of paranoid websites implementing informal DMCA systems with NO consequences for abuse.
Martinis are girly? Tell that to James Bond.
Twitter is not going to die, it has too dominant a market share in a niche of social media where it has no real competitors to take it down. Before people will start mass quitting Twitter, they need someplace to GO. That said, it's quite likely to fail as a corporation, get bought out and restructured, hopefully by people who have somewhat more regard for free speech, but that's a coin toss.
Like I said, feminist criticism as a broad school of thought (analysis of the role and station of women), not necessarily by people who self-identify as feminists and ascribe to the beliefs of the current feminist political movement. "Women should be allowed to vote" was, at one time, the current major feminist criticism of our society, and I think even most modern anti-feminists would agree they got that one right.
There is a difference between being accepting, and using your gay kid as an accessory to virtue signal how progressive you are.
Trust but verify, gonna need more proof of an allegation like this. However, let's not forget that whatever we may think of people like Milo and Allum, any good they are doing is basically IN SPITE of where they work, Breitbart, as an institution, is as corrupt, biased, clickbaity, sensationalist, and agenda pushing as any of the SJW rags, just on the other side. Whatever alliance of convenience we may have is with a few people who work there, not the site itself. In short, it would not even slightly surprise me if an allegation like this turned out to be true.
No it's Becky. They just love to turn random words into pretend slurs, don't they?
SJW entryism has been so thoroughly rebuffed by now that they can't even stop people from hijacking THEIR OWN narrative.
You....probably should be playing with both hands, don't be a feeder, scrub =P
Clearly, what we need is to make the art in things worse so that there's no way a straight man can be getting off on it!
When caught in a hypocrisy, SJWs always resort to the same formula, "We CAN'T be guilty, because REALLY, [bad thing] = power + [bad thing], and power must be institutional, systemic, and held as a class!" EVERYTHING is "power +", with power being defined in whatever arbitrary way prevents them from having it for the purposes of argument, no matter how much power they actually wield within a given sphere. In this case, it's "censorship = power + suppression of ideas", in which power must be governmental.
SJWs have basically lost all their power, more and more people are openly defying them, not caring what names they get called for it, and proving it has no impact.
This is illegal, this is overtly, OUTRAGEOUSLY illegal, a public college withholding people's education unless they're willing to disclose their sexual history? That's invasion of privacy!
So in other words, we just need to get the SJWs swole and this shit'll stop?
All fun is problematic, how dare you feel competitive at a competition?!
I'm sure somewhere there's a woman who can do it. Like, I'd love to see Ronda Rousey or someone like that try the IOC, I bet she could do it. But it's gonna be rare as fuck, I mean the overwhelming majority of men couldn't do that, and the upper body strength difference is just...real.
The punishment for this level of stupidity should be having Jar Jar come to life and follow you around being Jar Jar.
Good way to actually kill somebody...
You lost me when you said you were a hardboiled detective romance novelist martial artist....
Censorship? Is it censorship when we do it to SJW clickbait rags? Cuz that's what he runs, a clickbait rag. He's an unethical journalist and he shouldn't get ad revenue from his horseshit.
Seriously, it wouldn't surprise me if most people could never reach that level of fitness no matter how hard they trained, it's just above the level their bodies can reach.
That's called getting allies.
Honestly, some of the Smite Goddesses are tame compared to how they were actually drawn in their respective cultures. Okay hi-rez, I'll add this positive move to renewing support for tribes...now just uncensor Kali and we'll be good.
