It doesn't look dumb at all. It looks like it requires loads of skill and would be way for fun to play than football. Or if we're talking about american footbal then way way more fun.
But that awesome Irish accent though.
They probably have free rain of the techie department. I know in my school anyone who does techie can just go down there and do whatever outside of class time. Then again my school only has 1000 people and the techie department is understaffed.
&gt;The games that run smoothly on nearly anything! Thank you War Thunder. You really are amazing for running on intel integrated graphics.
It's a program but I guess windows prefers to call them apps now. I run on windows 7, no app store.
Yeah. That was the worst thing when I has bad download speeds (800KBps) I never knew if I had to update it after coming back after a long time. At least with steam it's obvious and takes care of it itself.
It's a problem of my parents insisting that I use Norton. I can't just uninstall it because they won't stop paying for the damn thing no matter how much I tell them too. Good to know a solution exists though. I just needed an excuse to get it removed.
That's about double what I get and I think of mine as amazingly fast.
Could just be predicting the announcement.
&gt;4% believe that shapeshifting lizard aliens from alpha draconis control our government Surely that's got to be an out of hand joke that led to people trolling the poll right? I hope so.
Then why are your teachers doing such stupid shit! It's probably just the extra numbers making the 1% of crazies a way bigger actual number. Also scotland is a way better country (at least to live in as a citizen) than america. There is literally no aspect of living here that I think is better in America.
Mrs Browns boys. The pilot for mike and molly was also hilarious but then all the others sucked so I guess it doesn't really count. Also breaking bad but I took so long to start watching it that I was already hooked by people making all the references.
yes we do have better healthcare because we have the NHS which is free rather than your shitty patchwork of health insurance. Better education because we don't have that problem of only teaching kids how to pass the tests rather than learn the subject. Better government because NO NSA. That's enough by itself.
Your healthcare is not worth the price tag. Looking at it overall and not just in one area it's inferior. I've always been very satisfied with my dealings with the NHS. Your point on the universities is another thing. University in scotland if completely free for citezens. We don't restrict good education to the wealthy and we take the same approach to healthcare. Our universities are very good actually and historically Scotland has basically been the founder of modern higher education. In the 1800s our education was known as the best in the world and the effect scots had on other countries such as Canada, India and , yes, even your glorious US of A, is still felt today. Stop being such a typical 'MURICAN and start looking at facts. Living in Scotland is comfortable and affordable.
Wei tu Long
Doctor who: The adventure games
It didn't say that for me upgrading from windows 7. You should be fine.
Yeah there's a point in summer where it almost never gets dark. Not as exreme as alaska but pretty extreme.
Just some social anxiety by the sounds of it. Relatively normal.
That's weird considering the reviews it gets on steam.
I don't think that can be determined yet. It's absolute luck with a vauge PSU failure like this.
I'm gonna go with some slighly less conventional opinions because I really hate how everyone suggests AAA titles in these threads. Mount and blade: Warband- Fantastic game, lots of total conversion mods and you can put hundreds or thousands of hours into it FTL: Great indie game. Difficult but a lot of fun and many hours of gameplay Also sins of a solar empire if you like 4x style strategy games. Wait for a sale for this one though because it goes on sale a ton.
Holy shit this thread is salty. For good reason I guess but damn, I don't think I've seen thread with so many comments with negative upvotes in one thread before.
I thought it was pronounced Sputnik. Like with the U pronounced uh.
Scroll down a bit, it says "free HDMI cable" This is obviously the kind of guy who pays for PS+
Almost certainly
Apparently people think that people back then didn't know the earth was round because it was a common way to call someone stupid as an insult back then to say that they didn't even know the earth was round. I think the atheists point is just saying that it slightly invalidates the argument that religion holds back scientific progress.
Yes the church did a lot of terrible anti progress things.
People who are shown to be abusing the system get the refunding privilege revoked. That more or less solves it to me.
Not for me. Steam downloads faster than anything else for me. 2.3MBps. Before I got fibre optic internet I got 800KBps from steam and 100-200KBps from most websites.
Thanks, I thought so but wanted to find out first so that I wasn't surprised in a bad way when I hooked it up.
I really can't save. This is the absolute stretch of the money I have down to the pound. I've seen new 7850ks sold on ebay regularly for £50 from a trusted seller so I might try to get it there instead. Like I said, this will be upgraded.
Hey thanks man, I knew RAM was important for an APU but didn't know a lot about it or what to change. As!e with the PSU, I really just chose the first one that looked OK. Most importantly, this is even further under budget leaving room since I need to buy a wireless adapter I think.
Looks good. Not overkill but should play most games pretty well.
Skyrim is a great game. RDR was maybe better but skyrim is still great in a lot of ways.
I just hope I don't have problems with it. I can't play dx11 games because of some weird visual bug on my otherwise apparently compatible hardware. Upgrading my rig soon but don't want dx11 to dx12 to be the same problem I had with dx9 to dx11.
Don't you think that's exactly what it used for in the original just cause 2 version?
I will agree that it's really nice to be able to just borrow games from friends. I did that a lot back in the ps2 days.
First time I saw it I though he was carrying a small child and doing all sorts of crazy stunts with them.
The disliking a company for no reason I see a lot of on /r/pcmasterrace with AMD and Nvidia. I was guilty of it at one point, I had never heard of AMD and because they seemed like the strange obscure choice I was strongly in favor of an intel/nvidia build. But after looking carefully at the choices I'm now building an AMD rig.
Remission implies that it can go away. But Crohn's never goes away. It's always there, waiting patiently for the perfect moment to strike.
Can someone fill me in on whats supposedly wrong? I don't see anything here.
No. I've heard that when games go on a big sale on steam they make many times what they usually do if they get front page. I think it was about papers please I heard that so it's not just big titles.
I've seen it mentioned a few times here in the past but not recently. Normally in the context of wireless keyboards or controllers.
i still consider alternatives to steam pretty nich but I guess GOG is pretty well known now. I just assume that the mainstream uses only steam.
Not sure if this is better or worse than my friend who only just realised that he forgot to put thermal paste on his build he's been running for a couple of years.
I know there's plenty of reasons. I was just saying that apart from the very traditional method of buying physical copies steam holds the appearance of a monopoly to someone who doesn't care to do the research. Obviously I'm behind the times here but when I started PC gaming a few years ago it was ages before I knew GOG existed and that was only because it was mentioned in /r/pcmasterrace I guess what I'm saying would've been true when I started but now the other options are more obvious.
All the banning subreddits and censorship stuff as well as some hypocritical statements about free speech are on her. Basically contradicting what people see reddit as standing for as far as I'm aware.
Yep, that's it. I guess you just didn't read the title very well.
You really should not have desktop icons like that. Just clear your desktop and use start menu for the stuff you need often, pin to taskbar for the stuff you need everyday and a convenient folder in your c: drive for stuff you need fairly frequently. Other stuff is totally redundant, like vlc media player. Open the file and it opens VLC for you. Edit: forgot to mention, [like this.](http://i.imgur.com/GKRa5Bp.jpg)
Not too unrealistic. I was doing it at 11 or twelve and that was 7 years ago. Kids start earlier and earlier nowadays.
Yeah it's fairly new and they really didn't advertise it much at all. I just randomly found a "watch game" button when I went to message my friend one day.
playback is way too fast. Would be better as an album of images
I think it's multiplayer only but there are servers just for beginners.
focused on the first sentance too much. As in the were denying the rumors that he was rethinking his decision. Obviously it shouldn't be a surprise that FIFA would lie.
I think both 5 and beyond earth are good choices. There's been a lot of discussion about whether beyond earth is better than 5 but I certainly don't think it's worse. I've got a couple of friends who love it at least.
Not a clue, don't play it myself just speak to some people who are really enthusiastic about it. I don't think they have the dlc.
I don't know. I use windows 7 64-bit. I would try verifying the file cache and if that doesn't work a full reinstall.
Maybe it's different in England (I'm Scottish and for those who don't know Scottish and English education are totally unconnected) but here we don't have compulsive worship and RMPS/RME was always really unbiased and informative.
The right i5 is the best processor out there right now.
This iis pretty unfair. My laptop is worse than an Xbox 360 and it runs KSP great.
Why is this of all spoilers the one that everyone is giving away? Every other spoiler, I completely avoided with no problem then this one comes and I was just glad I'd read the books so I knew about it 6 months in advance.
You have a worse processor and igpu than me and I still have to play min settings to achieve 30fps. WTF is going on?
This is so great playing payday: the heist in the middle of an assault wave on overkill difficulty.
You uninstalled just cause 2? What's wrong with you?
but in this case it's the same developer and franchise so not likely.
I agree but at the same time a vast ocean is a bit pointless. IIRC there was quite a lot of space between the left side of the map and the right side in JC2 that was just water. Rivers and stuff is nice though.
FTL is always a great purchase.
If I had any money that would be a problem for me. I'm getting a new PC and there's 4 or 5 games I already own and can't wait to play but couldn't until now.
&gt;go and play games how they were meant to be played Fucking Nvidia everywhere
It's an APU. It should be able to handle most games at a decent FPS and settings. It's not just a CPU. Sorry about not specifying a GPU though, I'm thinking r9 290X or something similar.
r9 290X maybe. Not sure but I looked around and most cards would work if I used a 500 or 550W PSU
[Those seem kinda expensive](http://uk.pcpartpicker.com/parts/power-supply/#W=500,550&amp;m=52)
Chivalry: medieval warfare. I have no idea what the US price is but it's under £2 and prices often favour the US slightly.
Up late and tired. The perfect time to put together a delicate electronic machine.
Nah I played the game for ages trying to find it. Or if it did exist it lost it's function which was to destroy the masts of enemy ship and cripple their movement.
I'm gonna guess it's something along the lines of, It wasn't in my interest but it was in my nature.
Take a look yeah. But not when you fall 50 weeks outside of the policy.
I've been using this on TIFU stories for a while.
Gameplay wise yeah but it moved away from what I felt AC was and what I loved about AC. If ubisoft had kept AC as what it was and made a new IP which was basically black flag but not tied into any existing franchise, I would've loved it.
That seems unusual. Do you mind if I ask which country or that you elaborate in the laws. It's totally fine if you don't want to tell.
I used to eat healthily and still take 5 day gaps between pooping. When I started pooping regularly it was really annoying because it was in the way of my schedule.
my first reaction was to look to the bottom right corner to see the date (can never be sure it was todays) and because I format dates the correct way for a half second or so I thought you used it all by the 6th day of the month.
This sounds like the ideal case for pirating to check system requirements. I can only give a very very rough idea but arkam asylum runs ok on an intel iGPU with a dual core i5. Obviously it being the same series is no guarantee of similar system requirements but since they were released relatively close together I would expect the min requirements to be fairly similar even if the recommended specs change.
Same except I'm about to build not just built so I've still got the money and had the resist. A whole summer sale and all I bought was the upgrade from surgeon simulator to anniversary edition for £0.39
As /u/ComboCancel said, go to /r/pcgaming as it's basically this sub but without the peasants stuff.
How can they have control over something like anti aliasing which actually affects performance if a console has to run at a steady difference.
Now I wish I knew how to actually use the console.
I remember not minding the skyrim UI on PC before I got mods. I only really got skyUI because so much requires it to run. I think my only problem with skyUI was figuring out which symbol was which menu because it didn't label them with words, only icons.
The xbox 360 version wasn't terrible if you had nothing else to compare it to.
[It's not Susan...](http://m.youtube.com/?#/watch?v=CheHpaRkKio)
Might be good. I'd be down for it but don't have a huge amount if games.
Apparently up to 60% of labradors. Cancer rates are shitty in dogs.
Not sure if joking or actually well informed. In the case of the former, one of the most popular movements hitler introduced was the KDF movement (which you'll have to look up as I've forgotten what it stands for in english) which, amount other things, encouraged employment through non-monetary incentives such as paid vacations and concert tickets.
I so want to meet the guy who makes a living by going to peoples houses, plugs in a USB drive and walks away $45 richer with no other work done.
Your having a picnic if dead island is the worst game you've ever played. I thoroughly enjoyed that game on xbox 360 a few years ago.(In the transitioning stage to only PC gaming) My worst game is take on helicopters from bohemia interactive. The people behind the arma series. It was just awful in every way. The controls, the save points, the endless start sequence that was half cutscene IIRC. Just awful and to this day I keep up my assertion that bohemia interactive are terrible at making games.
At least you're the boss there would have been serious problems if you were a minion.
You'd be surprised how well it runs on minimum. It freezes up if you don't skip the 2k logo animation at the beginning but actually in game it's mostly smooth enough.
Not sure if it was the same function but I saw a ps2 remote once with a turbo and a slow mo button. Both were pretty much unfunctional and had the exact same effect of making the game rapidly pause and unpause.
Mount and blade: warband. Hundreds and hundreds of hours of gameplay there, especially with so many total conversion mods.
