Orton vs Rocky Johnson
The Last Ride. Damn this move was so awesome.
Alright let's do this: GK - Kane (Tall, good in shape, can jump) or Kofi (Agile as fuck) Defenders - Neville, Bryan, Stardust, Kidd as wingers and in the center I'd have both Usos, Reigns, Titus or Bo Dallas Midfielders - Ryder, Rose, Barrett, Orton as wingers and Woods, Ziggler, Young in the center Attack - Rollins and Ambrose. I'd have a 4-3-1-2 as my formation and the A squad being: ---------------Kane--------------- Neville - Titus - Uso I - Stardust Barrett-------Woods--------Rose ----------------Orton-------------- ----------Rollins---Ambrose------ *edit: formatting
Just make sure, you don't watch SummerSlam!
I'm actually quite excited about him having Khali on the podcast next week.
HBK
Patel you beauty
That was pretty much desi-hindi. He was trying to stay in hindi but moved pretty often into hindi. It's like hearing my drunk uncle trying to speak hindi.
I think it went like "If you're into sports, then go ahead and do sports. Stay away from drugs, that'll only hurt your near ones like your parents. If you want to study then do this. As long as you do what you're doing with passion, anything is possible"
draw? draw!
But they went swimming on 2 of those 3 days!
preparing for an exam on tuesday :(
things can look so bright once you see them from a distance. and yeah that's what I've been doing for the past couple of days. Although the first week was tough as it comes.
"I'd like him to have a one last run"... Whom the fuck don't you want to have a one last run? Very often people will talk about Jericho, Kane, Bully Ray (in that one thread), Batista and so on...
Thing is... he's not to blame. It's the coach or the captain.
My point. That kid basically did his job and scored as many runs as he could. Go hard on the shitty coach if you must
They should make a double blade kendo stick like the Darth Maul sabre.
http://imgur.com/Cs4Zyfp those places!
I feel like that that guy on twitter didn't quite get the concept of this particular meme.
DON'T YOU DARE BE SOUR AND CLAP FOR YOUR TWO TIME WORLD CRICKET CHAMPS AND FEEEEEL THE POWAAAAAAAA
Sheamus!
We will get to hear the flight of the walkyres at the royal rumble!
Writing a test on saturday...sooo gotte prepare a bit today. That'll be a fun friday. Sadly no NFL today, so not a lot I can watch while studying.
NO BITE WHAT SO EVER. THAT'S WHAT THIS BOWLING SIDE'S GOT!
A bit disappointed that Cook didn't get his 50. But congrats!
I would like to see a 10 time Intercontinental Champion Chris Jericho.
Rush optics and build the great lighthouse and enjoy your seafood!
This is one of the more ridiculous ones but boy is it fun. Just having 10 free social policies as poland after every era or getting money for buying land as the USA. Gotta play is today after Uni!
Edge, Michaels and I'd also argue that Punk was pretty good at it as well.
HARDCORE PARCOUR
Holy shit that's awesome
Thanks for that...didn't realize it after like 600hrs of playing.
What kind of projector did you use for it?
#awaytrackbullies.
Well that's it then!
This is still doable... I mean what 58 off 52?
Sooo...can we like, I don't know, not have Dhoni captaining the ODI side as well? Just give him a farewell at the home t20 world cup and have him retire after it.
Maybe India shouldn't fuck everything.
"Buddy we're #1 in Tests ranking, who cares about the Rest" BCCI probably
6
Tell ya what, if I get anything worse that a C (that's a 3 in Austria) I'll change it to procrastinosaurus.
What are your specs, do get any error messages, are you running mods?
Scouts are practical for a couple of things. First they find ruins more easily and are cheaper than warriors to build. Then they can steel workers from citystates and protect them while they're on the way to your empire from barbs. Same goes for accompanying your settlers in the early game.
Hello Siri where finding parontha?
God I hate this meme.
For the IC Title with Jericho as going into WM as champ? I just want him to be the 10 time IC Champ!
Yes exactly this way. Say Y2J comes out tomrrow and rants on over Ambrose and gets under his skin and gets him to give him a titleshot at Fastlane. Rematch WM32 and Jericho's off tv again.
everybody does! you have to stop the q-tip when there's resistance!
FloRida
They're going with Jericho vs Styles instead of Jericho vs Ambrose. I'm a bit disappointed.
He only played U14 teams.
And he's been eliminated. Who would have thought that Maggle
Wer will denn das hören :D
Like a well run german distribution company.
He's not a big guy, he's not a small guy. He's **THE BIG GUY**.
Not WWE but the WWE should NEVER book the reverse royal rumble thing that TNA did.
and his SR logo. And no more blond in the hair.
25 here: It takes me a whole day after a bad night of drinking to recover. Just started with a "less alcohol" diet. Problem is, that most of my friends are students who work part time (max 12-15hrs a week) and I work full time already and am doing my masters degree as well. Soo... those bastards have the time to recover. I don't.
Daniel Bryan's retirement speech on RAW.
Austria.
stole money from a shrine.
Regular Lager from Austria.
git gud advice m8.
Wieselburger Stammbräu is my personal favourite. After that Stiegl Goldbräu.
I love to drive on that track in any F1 sim.
Noice of people chewing bit off an applie.
I'll order my cappucciono WHENEVER AND WHEREEVER I WANT CUNTFACE!
I think I'm absolutely getting this kit. Finally a non white-red away shirt.
25, working on my masters thesis is currently the worst thing. Like I know I should be doing that but working fulltime surely doesn't help with motivation.
Thanks, was looking for this kind of comment to decide if I should buy it.
This is the stuff my wet-dreams are made of.
Trump...a WWE Hall of Famer is going to be president.
You know what I miss the most? Hockenheim track-layout of 2002.
Ibis even has offers for about EUR 25-30 per night and that's a 4* hotel.
CM Punk.
Don't forget "Seinen inneren Schweinehund besiegen" which translates to "Beat your inner pigdog" which actually means that you motivate yourself to do sth.
Maybe he IS talking about the 200 olympics that took place in Sidney, Greece.
Bold statement.
I srsly need to sort out my time management issues or else I'm in huge trouble in regard to my masters thesis I have to write till end of the year. I'm working fulltime and studying as well. I've got 3 major exams coming up til end of june and my mentor wants me to hand in the exposé of the thesis til end of this week and I'm pretty sure that it's a near impossible thing to do.
Didn't you see the F in his name earlier?
"Where do yo think we are?"
And more culture as well!
You have to understand what *he* is saying, you stupid idiot.
To the little people court with him!
Owning a dog maybe not. But reproduction is a basic human right. As much as I agree that people should be taught how to raise children, but taking away the ability is absolutely not right.
Study. Write exams. Repeat.
Tap water with a bit of lemon juice.
What about Hans?
Tomatoes are the fuckin best thing!
He just said why...because he's impatient as fuck.
I did two of these. Both around noon CEST.
and two euro matches as well!
Three? Holy shit man! That's gonna be a long evening/night.
Now a 6. Cmon boy!
uwotmate?
Summertime!
Gotta love albanian Coach and his reactions.
Chalhanoglu (Ch as in Chai).
It is Turkey v Croatia after all. Wouldn't be a proper game without a red card.
I know how the ğ sounds but can't figure a way to type it out.
