Does that spikey gelled hair of the late 90's- early 00's count? I did that in late elementry to early middle school. And I had a few pairs of baggy cargo pants too.
Really? I'm New Jersey but have been living in the Tampa Bay Area for the last 10 years. Before this season 90% of people I knew claimed to hate hockey or say its a Canadian sport and thought I was strange for liking Hockey over basketball or not following college football. (Which I swear is bigger than the NFL here). Now everyone is a bolts fan in the area. In away though its a good thing, hopeful the hockey playing population grows and maybe we will get an Ice Rink that's actually in Tampa. (I believe they are building one just north of Tampa).
Dade City too. Plenty of Confederate Flags everywhere. It was a culture shock first time I went there.
/u/mlennox is that picture behind your back pack in picture 4 this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=seC63AEk4-8
I want to fly one day just like your Grandfather! Do you know what aircraft that is? Its hard to tell by simply the exterior of the cockpit. I'm going to guess F-8.
I'm not even a big NFL fan I watch a Giants game when I get one and that's it. Playing football is fun but I honestly always thought watching it was kind of slow. I'm weird, prefer Baseball and Hockey, always have. A lot of people down here tell me baseball is boring. In the Northeast, Baseball is actually bigger than Football. I guess I could be hanging out with the wrong crowds. Everyone I know who likes or plays hockey in the area is from out of state like me. I'm glad hockey is growing in Florida not sure if it will ever reach the level of popularity in the Northeast or Great Lakes states but its growing.
I know I have this card laying around somewhere http://s19.photobucket.com/user/spyboy1/media/TSG%20Blog/Lindrosfuturesuperstarcard.jpg.html
NOT true... This guy owns a giant panda https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CFDUOfRXP_k
"Did ya here, DiMaggio hit a home run last night?" "Yeah, I listened to it last night, right before I climbed into bed with the old lady."
Curious what high schools in the area have hockey teams? I graduated in 2010 and I didn't know any did. I knew at Brandon they had high school age hockey but don't remember any official high school teams. The Tampa Bay Skating Academy only seems to list High School Age hockey on its website but not a mention of official high school hockey either. Tampa is growing but I personally going to head out west somewhere after college and the military. Owning landing and housing are way way way to expensive in the area. Not as bad as New Jersey but still expensive. Edit: Looks like there are some official high school hockey teams in Tampa. I lived just outside of Tampa and my High School and most of the ones in my area don't have hockey teams.
It looks like a marble.
&gt; 2nd lieutenant Charles "Chester" Horowitz Hey! I googled that above name, the only thing that came up was this read thread. You made that story up!
I think that guy made that story up. If you google 2nd lieutenant Charles "Chester" Horowitz. THe only thing that comes up is this Reddit Thread.
yeah I found that FHSHA page when I googled it earlier. My high schools and none of the high schools in my area just outside of Tampa had hockey none of them are listed. As for the missing school Tampa itself, I'm not surprised that Hillsborough high school isn't listed. That school is ghetto is hell. Yeah I have some family do to the military moved out west and stayed after they got out. Low cost of living yet similar or better salaries that back east, cheap land and less traffic. I have family in Idaho, Montana, North Dakota and Michigan. Each one of them loves their new state more than Jersey, New York or Florida.
The only difference for me personally, the first three are all Pro Mod drag racing instead of NASCAR. The sitting in traffic one is the one that hits home the closest.
Made the state and local Park Rangers are more conservative like police while the federal ones are more liberal.
I guess the ones I'm thinking of and the one I know is basically a cop for a park. Carries a gun, taser, baton, etc. Curious, why did the one shoot pepper spray and burn children?
No the upper middle class liberal stereotype I was referring to are private pilots, once who don't fly for a living. Usually the ones at the local air field are very Liberal. I think its because most of them are lawyers.
Damn that sucks. That sounds crazy, I feel bad for the kids. THe ones around here
Careful man, there's a brand new suit here...
Goldeneye and Lord the Rings did this (though in Lord of the Rings he wasn't pure evil, just corrupted by the ring and still fought hard to save the hobbits to his death). National Treasure its been awhile but didn't we know he was the villian in the beginning of the movie?
LOL I'm not super old (only in my early 20s) but I remember in the late 90's- early 2000s all the Yankees fans were Rangers and all of the Mets fans were Islanders fans in New York and Devils fans in Jersey. I guess its changed a lot since I've been in Florida the last 10 years. Your not a Jets fan to are you? PS I kind of like Mets, I would like them more but the 2000 World Series kind of killed that.
To loosely quote the movie Midway "Ram it home Hawks! Ram it home!"
When it comes to studying and perfecting the "art of bank robbery" I got to know, how many times did you watch heat? Also do you still feel guilty about it a few years later?
Oh Yeah well Yo Mama is so fat that after I got done I having sex with her, I rolled over twice and I was still on top of her.
It's cool to see that Norman is a Triumph man in real life!
I can honestly say that your Dad taught you correctly!
Alright boys 1 nothing, get some insurance goals!
Military?
Oh wow! When my cousin was the Army he would watch Rangers games on his Laptop when he was stationed in Korea.
It doesn't say. Which is what confuses me too. It simply says find the simple interest and gives me those 3 numbers plus the answers I listed it. I tried google this before and most forums gave the same thing you did or the question has more context.
ok so I simplifyed 2(3w+2) + 2w= 132 6w+4+2w=132 then 8w+4=132 then 8w=128 w=16 is that correct? Then how would I solve for L?
It was so weird voting for the All Star game and not seeing his name under Short Stop... I voted for Reyes but it just didn't feel right. I even almost voted for Bogaerts...
so then I did 3w+2=132 3w=132 w=43.33 Is this correct? So W is 16 and L is 43.33?
So when solving for the L you don't use the 132 if you know the Width? What confuses me the most is knowing what numbers you are the suppose to use during what time.
Thanks!
I'm confused what you are trying to say by curve? Is the curve simply the line itself?
THank you.
Thank you
Why did he pick 20/20? and not just divide 61 by 5 then multiply y 100?
Why would Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid meet with Wyatt Earp?
Marcus Luttrell for one, Matt Best, R. Lee Ermey, other than not I'm not sure.
Clint Eastwood... He learned to shoot at 7/11
IT'S HIS HAT MR. KRABS!
that makes sense! But what about Morgan? Was he wished back by the Dragon Balls?
https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/55/59/b1/5559b1c582de54e4d43f68bdf7de63b9.jpg
I love all of the Aviation photos. Especially the ones of the F-86 and the F-80s.
Maybe http://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/s--auHeEneR--/c_fit,fl_progressive,q_80,w_636/kd4gtdmhsr0v5t7inkdj.jpg But I still think he looks pretty close to this Buddy Holly picture http://s3.amazonaws.com/electric-lit-assets/wp-content/uploads/2011/12/buddy-holly-glasses.jpg
I always thought Joker And The Thief sounded more like a 70's hard rock song. But that's just me.
A+S=246 so A+2A=246? Then I solve 3a=246 so A= 82 So S= 2(82) S= 164 164+ 82= 246.
Apples are the masters at marketing. However, It's been awhile since I used an iPhone but I thought it was fairly simple and lacked features compared to my Droid Bionic at the time (this was 2011-13).
My Droid Bionic ran faster, had better graphics for games (not a big gamer either) was way more durable (I drop it a few times and the screen never cracked) and was way cheaper than an iPhone. I guess I don't need an expensive flashy iPhone. I'm good with my cheap Droid that does everything an iPhone does for 1/3 of the cost.
Yeah I guess so. I'm not a big tech guy so I guess for me a simple Droid is fine. I don't need an expensive or flashy iPhone. It's weird though my Droid is fraction of the cost of an iPhone and does all of the same stuff. Plus I thought it had better games.
It's a good thing she's cute... Anyone else wanna scream "the answer is 1 fucking hour!"
Your first paragraph I half agree with. That said, I know a couple of girls who model who are intelligent and could figure out this question. These girls most only care about fashion too, it's there life and hobby. Your second paragraph, I agree 100%! Society in general is afraid of failure so they take the safe route and don't even try so their is no chance of getting shot down or failing. I was kind of like that at 18-21. At 22 something hit me and I said I'd rather try to reach my dream and fail then that live a safe mediocre life. You are spot on to something my friend. I love the paper houses metaphor.
I like money
Yep MacDill AFB in Tampa, right by the water. Has KC-135s.
and Droid politics we need more politics and trade negotiations involving droids.
That must of been awesome meeting the two of them. My dad got to meet Wally Schirra years ago at a trade show which had a bunch of Aerospace companies. He got my an Autographed Copy of his Autobiography Schirra's space. My Dad said he was a very nice man, still liked to Joke around.
That Paul Revere shouted "The British are coming" He actually shouted "The regulars are coming" but thanks to the 1860 poem Paul Revere's Ride "the British are coming" has become what was thought to have said. Oh yeah there were more riders that Paul Revere too.
The Zodiac Killer!
I'm a Chevy guy also doesn't like Obama much either but seriously? Somebody slash this guys tires and force him to get a tow.
I said I'm a Chevy guy too. Its not the truck its the fact that he takes up 5 parking spaces is the reason I would slash his tires. I'm not a big Ford guy but wouldn't slash a Mustang or an F-150s tires just because they are Fords only if they are douches who take up more than one parking space just to be a douche. (For the record I'm never slashed anyone tires but people who double park and take up more than one space deserve it).
Please tell me your dad drove an IROC
Except for the 50's. Everything looks good from the 50's. I swear though the late 90's to mid 2000s already look bad.
I still believe Pete Rose should be in the Hall. Bring on the down votes haters! Oh yeah Shoeless Joe too!
I think your too young too understand it. Panic at the disco was an emo band big in the mid to late 2000s
Anything Koston does is timeless! I love the dart throwing to decide a skate spot. Its been awhile since I watched the Berrics. Eric: "Get that?" Lady: "Yeah, I have it on tape?" Eric: "Cool can we watch it?" Lady"Yeah when I show it too the police" Eric's face is priceless
LOL Funniest comment I have read in awhile
I went on the internet and I found this!
Dude that sounds like an awesome experience! What branch were you in? I wish you had a photo to post but still an awesome story none the less.
I'm in my 20s and I still like DBZ and Hot WHeels Cars (despite owning a classic Camaro). I'm a guy and I actually liked a couple of songs by the band Haim. (even the song Forever)... I also U2 (80's to 91 U2 not there later crap, except for Beautiful Day that's a good song). I also like some of Sammy Hager's songs.
Ricky: The puck is stuck in the fuckin' sour drain Bubbles: That's sewer drain Ricky... Ricky: Oh yeah, right on (Bubbles takes a look) Holy Fuck that's in there good. Jullian: Let's get out Ricky: Corey, Trevor pull the puck out and don't fuck this up. Corey and Trevor accidentally push the puck down the sewer The boys then spend the rest of the episode trying to find a new puck to play hockey with.
Everyone needs to get together and sue State Farm because when I say like a good Neighbor no state farm agent appears...
Did I miss the offensive part? I get spikes was a pun but I didn't find it offensive.
What does Samuel L Jackson's dog look like?!? Does he look like a bitch?
I think you need to watch the movie Taps (1981) again Major Moreland... Pay close attention to what the National Guard Col. says. "You're a death lover" https://youtu.be/wxnZ2fKKQR0?t=1h57m35s (watch to 1:59:40) Seriously don't join the military if your intent is to die and become a hero. All you are going to do is get your men killed in you (that is if you are planning on going in as an Officer since you are waiting till after college). Seriously if that is your goal, stick to playstation...
LOL Best troll I have seen in awhile
No? I'm not allowed to post fan fiction in here?
lol Ill try not to. But writing a good episode is denial and error.
Into stars again! Same old trip it was back then!
Can confirm. I own a 1986 Camaro IROC Z28 with the Tuned Port Injection and she eats Mustangs all the time. Occasionally when she wants a quick snack a 90's Civic or a 90s BMW M3 will do.
That's kind of funny because didn't Ford own a piece of De Tomaso back in the day? (or atleast some De Tomaso's had Ford V-8 engines).
No GM cancelled the F-Body (Camaro and Firebird) in 2002 because they thought the late 20 something market would want SUVs so they converted the F-Body plant into the Pontiac Aztek (which no one but Walter White brought). I have no idea why the Camaro is stereotype among non muscle car guys as a POS. They were great cars with possibly the largest aftermarket. In 2002 the LS1 motor made 305 horsepower and has one of the best aftermarkets to this day. The thing about the F-Body platform (1867-2002) they were a real niche car. They were basically designed and marketed for drag racers and that was the market. That's what the ads showed too https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T0_zI8nDAGo
I have no idea why you are being downvoted when it's right here on Ford's website https://media.ford.com/content/fordmedia/fna/us/en/features/it_s-a-plane--its-a-horse--no--its-the-ford-mustang-and-one-of-t.html "R.H. Bob Maguire, my boss, and I were looking through a list of names for the car. I had been reading about the P-51 Mustang airplane and suggested the name Mustang in remembrance of the P-51, but Bob thought the name as associated with the airplane was too ‘airplaney’ and rejected that idea. I again suggested the same name Mustang, but this time with a horse association because it seemed more romantic. He agreed and we together selected that name right on the spot, and that’s how it got its name."
yep long time lol
I Googled it. Ford 289s and Ford 302s powered the 67-71 Mangustas as well. https://www.hagerty.com/price-guide/1968-DeTomaso-Mangusta
Now how do I simplify the more complex (u^-4w^4)(2uv^3/w^-1)^-3?
Yeah no problem (u^-4 w^-4) (2uv^3 / w^-1) ^-3
what do you mean by expand out? I'm confused.
I tried Googling the FOIL method but I'm not sure I am understanding it and what do you mean by (a+b)^2?
Where did the 2x and the 2x^2 +10x +12 come from?
Oh that confused me. I thought it had something to do with this problem.
Yes please do. I will need help with a few other things as well. If tomorrow is better for you that will work too (as you may be Jet lagged after 5 hours of traveling).
Rush did that back in the very early 80s. They wrote a song about how driving is illegal (I a assuming because of self driving cars) and the narrator visits his uncles far to drive his uncles vintage (I'm guessing Ferrari) Barchette (a roadster) and drives around the country side. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uukZgfHZIoc
I'm glad someone got the reference! LOL Hopefully I'll finish it by the end of this week. Though work and my summer college classes slow things down a bit.
Do you regret selling it. With its 275 horsepower LT1 engine?
"my horse is English Racing green." I'm guessing that's a reference to Steve McQueen's 1967 Mustang in Bullit.
Did anyone else get a "The Warriors" vibe from this as in the movie. It's like Warriors meets Fallout. "Warriors come out and play."
In the late 90s (and probably for most of the 20th Century) the stereotype for the New York/New Jersey area was that your baseball team determineded your other sports teams. So if you were a Yankees fan you were a Rangers fan and a Giants Fan. Mets fan Islanders fan and a Jets fan. Mets fan in New Jersey- Devils fan and Jets fan. However, since the early 2000s this has changed a lot with people liking all different teams. But its a safe bet to assume they like either the Giants or the Jets.
