Does Cleveland hate their bullpen or what? 7 IP, 3 ER seemed totally reasonable. They finally get two back in the bottom of the 7th, and then they just run Kluber right back out there for the 8th in a one-run game and he can't get a fucking out.
Wow, I missed this. What a fantastic play. He should be pumped up, that was a hell of a bunt.
Still waiting on Yahoo to update Gattis' eligibility....I have nowhere to put Gattis until he gets the eligibility, and I feel like Vogt isn't shitty enough that I can just drop him and hold my breath.
For the love of all that is good and holy can I please get a fucking pitchers' duel at Coors tonight, or at least a regular old 4-3 kind of game. My opponent is up to 26-9-28-1-.413 after *three days*. I have four more days of this ass whooping to endure. /checks starters A. Simon (1-5) vs. E. Butler (2-2) YEEEEEEARRRRRRRRGGGGHHHHHH
I like that trade, with Keuchel not being all that great so far. Holliday has been warming up....he tends to really go off after the ASB. People freaked about Holliday being all OBP and no power after 2015, but he was getting pitched around and then he got hurt twice.
I don't know whether there's statistical proof or not, but CW has always been that knuckleballers are high variance. When they're on, they're unhittable; when they're off, they're doomed. That being said, it's hard not to be impressed with Wright so far.
"F. Freeman walked. F. Freeman to second on K. Jansen's fielding error" lolwut? Did he kick the throw back from the catcher? edit: now it says throwing error.
Conflicted about whether to start Kluber vs KC. My opponent has Fernandez vs Mets, and I'm in line to squeak out a win provided Fernandez doesn't throw something like 7+ perfect innings. I'm winning all the pitching cats except ERA, and I'm getting crushed on the batting side of the ball (except for SB, thank you Buxton). In wins/losses, I'm 3-1 and he's 1-3, so the W/L cats are safe. The category I'm most concerned about is WHIP (I'm only ahead by .13). I'm ahead in Ks by 14, which is probably too much to ask from even Fernandez. But Kluber has alternated between being dominant and combustible this year, and if he gets shelled again, it could cost me the whole damn week. Part of me thinks I should just play it safe, part of me worries that Fernandez is going to go off and I'll need a counter. Both games start at the same time and I don't particularly like any of the streaming options from later in the day.
Off Herrera, no less. 1st one off Herrera all year.
&lt;3 Mike Shannon
Start one: Buxton vs Conley, J. Ramirez @ Miley.
I drafted him and waited out the early injury. Then I watched him do nothing but make outs for a week, so I dropped him because I needed a streaming spot. That was three weeks ago and I haven't looked back. His peripherals are not reassuring. I don't think he's getting unlucky. I suspect he's nursing an injury, and he plays for frigging Dusty Baker, who is absolutely capable of just running him out there in the leadoff spot to make outs for months.
This is one of the arguments against the DH. If Ventura has to stand in there and get thrown at, maybe that'll keep him from headhunting in the future.
Yep. I think it's telling that Perez didn't make more of an effort to grab Machado. It's not like he sprinted to the mound, he was kind of limping a little.
Anybody think Shaw should be faded against Bumgarner?
Holliday is the better bet. He's got ~50 points of career OBP on Peralta.
Both, if at all possible....
Being hung over shouldn't take 8 mph or so off your fastball. I can't imagine how they didn't see this during warmups though.
6.2 IP, 5 H, 1 BB, 1 ER, 9 K, takes a 1-0 loss cause his offense got 4-hit at home by fucking Chris Rusin &amp; co., and somehow that's Maeda's fault? I streamed him last week and kept him cause I figured home vs COL was a pretty good bet, so I feel yr pain, but come on....
Sano owner here, I would absolutely trade him straight up for Zorilla. I had him last year and I've been kicking myself for not fighting for him harder in the draft this year. On the second trade, again I think I like your side better anyway. Villar isn't going to hit like this all year, and (without looking anything up) I think I'd rather have Ross over Gray just because I'm wary of Gray's health.
When Leonys Martin comes off the DL, I'm going to have to make a choice....drop one of him, Buxton, J. Ramirez, or possibly Carter or McGee.
Sounds like a good deal to me. Holliday is a very good bet to run a higher OBP than he has right now, especially in the 2nd half. I like Ross but I don't think he's anything special.
So is Leonys Martin coming off the DL today or not? It says the one rehab game they were going to give him got rained out.
Absolutely. Rosenthal is running a BABIP of .341 (mostly from the dreaded Non-Save Situations) so his rates look worse than they should. Allen's BABIP, meanwhile, is .220.
The fact that they're being so aggressive with bringing him back is encouraging. If they thought there was a re-injury risk, you'd think they would be more cautious.
Looks to me like Forsythe is starting for TB.
Matheny really likes Rosenthal. I think he's still got a pretty long leash. And the Cards also have Siegrist, who usually pitches the 8th, so it's hard to say that Oh is the clear #2. They've been using Oh as the 7th inning/fireman kind of guy, which is where Maness was up until recently, and Matheny likes pushing that button. On another team, Oh would probably be a better bet for saves.
Depends on what you need. Carter is better for HRs and RBIs, Calhoun for runs, average, and steals. Both of them have tough draws tonight. Carter vs Harvey, Calhoun vs Kluber.
Trainers looking at G. Cole. Not sure what's wrong with him. edit: He's out after 2+ IP. Nothing obvious. Carpenter singled, and then Hurdle &amp; the staff talked to him for a minute, and then he walked off. Ruh roh.
Not that I saw. We're in the dark. FSMW broadcast hasn't said anything.
Wainwright pinch hitting. My opponent has Nicasio. edit: YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
If I did my math right, he's now slashing .250/.250/.652 for the year Fuck The DH (tm)
I drafted him....I had to let him go eventually cause I needed a spot, but he's slowly improving as the season goes on. I may end up rostering him again (not just streaming) at some point, who knows.
I'm sticking with him, for now. A lot of his underlying stats look unremarkable. .280 avg, .361 OBP, pretty close to his career norms. For some reason his slugging is down about 100 pts. Not a whole lot to see in his peripherals either IMHO....except for the batted ball rates. He's frequently hitting the ball on the ground and he's never once, in his career, been that type of hitter. He's running a 54.5% GB this year, despite a career average of 40.7%. (GB/FB is extreme at 2.43; career is 1.10. League average is around 1.30ish.) If you want to know where his power went, that's where. Now why that's happening, I don't know. I've been watching this all season and it's been a mystery the whole time. Is his swing different? Is he nursing an undisclosed injury? The futility of his teammates surely isn't helping--it could be he's getting pitched around a little bit--but that still doesn't explain the grounders.
Yup. If you won't start a hitter at Coors, you might as well drop him already.
Harper, Arenado, Bogaerts, and then whichever of Thor and Arrieta you like better. Gotta keep Bogey because of positional scarcity.
I dunno, feel I like there's more talent on the Bats/Davis/Ramos side. Davis &gt; Abreu, but Bats &lt; Marte. So that's kind of a wash, I guess. Then it comes down to how bad you need pitching, but Ramos seems like kind of a lot to give up for Disco (who I think is overrated) and a very down year so far from Archer.
Demanding that all your music be sung in English seems to be an American thing (or an Anglophone thing, I guess if you're a Canadian). If vocals are in another language, you tune in more to the sound and not the grammatical meaning. And I mean, c'mon, the Beatles. They could sing the phone book and it would be compelling.
Not to toot my own horn but....[honk honk](https://www.reddit.com/r/fantasybaseball/comments/4nkzyw/official_anything_goes_saturday_06112016/d452syq?context=3).
If you only listen to one Megadeth record, it's *got* to be Rust In Peace. Peace Sells &amp; Countdown are also excellent, but they're not a genre landmark like RIP is. /$.02
That last dotted quarter is incorrect. It should just be a regular quarter. ablaa is correct, the whole song is definitely in 4/4. (Speaking of which, personally I count that half as fast, so what you've got as 8ths are 16ths instead. Maybe the guitar tab has it at that tempo, but that's just how I've always heard it.)
I can understand not liking it, I guess, but how can you possibly describe such meticulously crafted music as "phoning it in?" You don't just stroll into the studio and make up those 4-part Brian Wilson vocal harmonies on the spot like that.
First time I heard GB, a friend of mine showed me this video, and afterwards I said I gotta listen to this song again without the video, cause the video is so mesmerizing/creepy/intense that I wasn't really listening. They have several videos that are like that, actually. edit: grammar
Well, shit, [turns out I was wrong](http://m.cardinals.mlb.com/news/article/184061512/cardinals-working-kolten-wong-at-center-field). I was unaware he played CF in college, I thought he'd always been an infielder.
I don't care who you root for, that was fucking hilarious
Many, many shit-tons of walks. The top 3 single season MLB marks for walks are Bonds 2004 (232), Bonds 2002 (198), and Bonds 2001 (177). 4th on the list is Babe Ruth with 170 in 1923. Of the 232 walks in 2004, 120 were intentional, which is also a record. Bonds also owns the all-time record for most walks with 2,558, which is just under 17% greater than #2 on the list (Henderson, 2,190).
He's volatile. The fancy numbers are mixed. 4.16 FIP, 3.88 xFIP, 3.42 SIERA. His batted ball numbers are ugly....extreme fly ball tendencies, he's getting pulled, and he's allowing a lot of hard contact. The good news is the swinging strikes are there and he's not walking many batters. I've streamed him a couple times this year, FWIW.
Yeah, why 8th? I don't get it. Does he have bad #s against Chacin or something?
McGee is definitely droppable if you need the spot.
He was basically flat-footed, too. Ridiculous.
Machado should be on here. Nyjer Morgan was a good inclusion for this list. In 2011, he talked shit on Pujols on Twitter, [and then....](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=61bqbHFymxU)
I'm starting him, but I'm nervous.
For people that have debilitating medical conditions, it certainly isn't red tape that's preventing them from being entrepeneurs....
If there's anything in the world that needs the absolute fuck regulated out of it, it's nuclear power. It's reprehensible, in my book, to treat something so inherently, uniquely complex and dangerous as just another profit source.
That is an 80 grade username, by the way
Apparently today is Play The Backups Day in MLB. I have five hitters with the day off.
My opponent's got him. Oh well, it's not like I was going to win HR this week anyhow....
Forget it, he's rolling
I still don't think they'll replace him, although they may try to give him 3-4 days off sometime soon. If he shits the bed like this a few more times in the next week or two, maybe then Matheny will really start seriously considering a change. In the event there is a change, it's unclear whether it's Oh or Siegrist. Both have the stuff to close. Siegrist is a lefty, however, and they may choose to give the closing job to Oh because he's a righty. On the other hand, Siegrist has been on St. Louis' major league roster since 2013, and it's entirely possible Matheny will think Siegrist has Paid His Dues or what-not. Anybody that says anything definitive until we've heard something concrete about a switch from Matheny himself is speculating. Until then, I would assume the gig is still Rosenthal's. (It's also not totally crazy to think they might try a by-committee approach.) I still don't understand exactly what the hell is wrong with Rosenthal. He's too good for this. The walks are one thing, but he's usually good about keeping the ball in the yard.
Gosh darnit
It wasn't *literally* half. [It wasn't even close to half.](https://www.nps.gov/civilwar/facts.htm)
That's the point, actually. /u/Huhsein was getting Berger and Blumenthal mixed up re: the National Archives incident.
Just cause he gets on the right side of one issue doesn't mean we suddenly think he's a hero. I'm certainly thrilled that he's taking such a hard line, it will help create badly needed political space on the right to defy Trump's foreign policy. We won't just magically forget all the other dopey things he's said and done over the years, but there's also no point in shitting on him while he's doing something positive for once.
....holy shit
Easy downvote
Boo this man
Drop the fucking puck already, for shit's sake
/thread
I hope he loses money and the new stadium collapses in a heap the day before it's supposed to open edit to add: and then they have to keep on playing at the fucking LA Coliseum, which is *obviously so much fucking better* than the Edward Jones Dome
Huge save on JVR from point blank
&gt;the younger generation of St. Louisiana weren't into it like their parents. The Rams went through a five-year stretch where they won 15 games in five years. AFAIK that's the all-time worst stretch by a pro team in any of the Big Four sports. That would kill fan support anywhere. They weren't even trying, because Kroenke cares more about money than winning. At one point they wanted to play three home games in one season in fucking London. There was never a problem with support from the fans in St. Louis.
These smoke our current thirds, and I do like those. These are just amazing though
Read the fucking books first
What a shift. Easy penalty call there too
Love seeing Edmundson just push Panarin from the net to the corner
ONE TWO THREE
My pleasure. I love her first two records to pieces, but I can't say I've ever actually sat down to go through the chords like this.
Possibly unpopular opinion: Carson Cistulli is unreadable
Don't get it. There must be more going on
Anybody have any info on when Markov's coming back? The last Rotoworld update was on the 27th.
What? Why the fuck would you want that?
And your replacement for democracy is....?
Well, one is in this thread calling the original bribe "fake news."
Only if Bob Nightengale says we don't have a chance
Got Allen vs Ward tonight. Naturally, Allen gives up a goal in the first fucking minute
That game went completely sideways. It was 2-1 going into the third and then there were six goals in ten minutes. I'm not really sure what happened....Minnesota juggled lines and put on a ridiculous forecheck. Niederreiter-Staal-Parise was pretty good and I think Koivu was skating with Coyle and Granlund (?).
I dunno, I feel like now that Columbus has finally lost, they're going to fall back to earth a little. Hall and Foligno are facing the best goalies, at any rate.
I've had Seabrook all year and he was reasonably good early on but has faded hard. In the last month he's been ice cold, and the last two weeks in particular have been fucking brutal. Fair warning.
LWL has Schwartz with Perron and Berglund for the morning skate, who are probably better than Pouliot &amp; Caiggula but not overwhelmingly so. I think I like St. Louis' PP2 better than Edmonton's too, so there's that.
I think you fucked up, sorry. I'd much rather have Staal this year. Less bad if it's a keeper league, I guess.
Nope. Keep Radulov
Same here. Can't help but be impressed with him on this.
Those people are no better than terrorists themselves, then
Got a complicated one here. 2 C, 2 LW, 2 RW. I have eight forwards going today so I have to sit two guys. Giroux and Voracek @ CBJ, E Staal @ ANA, Lucic @ OTT, Forsberg @ CHI, Kane vs NSH, Gagner vs PHI, Rakell vs MIN. Giroux and Staal are C-only, Looch &amp; Forsberg are LW-only, Kane is RW-only. Voracek is LW/RW, Gagner C/RW, Rakell C/LW. I think I'm going to sit Gagner and Rakell but I'm really not sure.
Sitting Lucic isn't a bad idea, I hadn't realized his shots had dropped off that badly. I agree Dubnyk is a bad matchup, although he's let in some goals recently. I picked up Gagner as a fill-in, and he's been so good I haven't dropped him yet. I keep waiting for Columbus to fall back to earth even a little and it hasn't happened so far.
Dude is persona non grata in St. Louis for that. I don't even really care about HOF balloting that much, but fucking with Stan Musial is crossing a line.
You're thinking of JFK Jr. [Here's the Snopes link on that.](http://www.snopes.com/jfk-senate-frontrunner/)
Congressional term limits are a terrible idea.
That's just fucking mindblowing. The cueball travels something like 20' on that shot and hits the balls at the end at exactly the right angle with exactly the right velocity to set him up to keep shooting.
&gt; The senate seat she "won" was given to her. [citation needed] &gt; Obama gave her sos so the Clintons wouldn't challenge him quid pro quo. [citation needed] [also that sentence doesn't make any sense if you know what quid pro quo means]
