I hate sexual mods.
Ask them why they value things.
&gt;Somebody made a natural swimming pool &gt;somebody made &gt;natural
If you're good, the game doesn't punish you, it rewards you.
What is it about kids that they just don't get humour?
That would be infinitely better.
It's a magic trick. Misdirection. The main characters aren't the main characters, and the bad guy isn't the bad guy. Here's a pretty girl to distract you while we sleight of hand your money into our pockets.
Absolutely.
When you say feminism is about equality, but you *refuse* to use the term ~~*equalist*~~ *egalitarian* you are very loudly implying that males are the problem. THERE.
Grow a fucking spine. I don't demand Nightwing be fat because I have trouble not stuffing my fat face.
It's AMAZING.
It's more like... In real life while I'm perfectly able to steal money to get what I want, I choose to take the harder route and not steal.
Wait, you guys think the US president can actually do things?
[Dude...](http://i.ytimg.com/vi/X2ckO_VCxbU/maxresdefault.jpg)
All I said was it wouldn't have hurt to have the ad's "main character" be something different for a change. Why y'all riled up?
Play Fallout 3 or New Vegas in third person with the crosshairs turned off. Seriously, go try it. The whole experience is different.
The most noticable difference between the old ones and the Bethesda/Obsidian ones, in my opinion, is that in the first games, the whole americana art deco plastic fantastic retro future 50's vibe was more of a subtle background and menu kind of thing. The setting was just... a post apocalypse wasteland desert, played straight. It was more Mad Max than anything. Bethesda took that "cold war nuclear age" aesthetic and expanded it to be the entire tone of the game.
How fucking long was the movie in development?!
You know, that *is* really good, but not even from a comedy perspective. It's a heavy episode that deals with a lot of Bart's emotions and connections to other people.
Simple fibrous tissues made of protein chains. Fascinating.
Uhh, the standards are that religious nonsense should in no way ever supercede the laws of a nation because it's literally superstitious hogwash and I feel like I'm taking crazy pills having to stand around and nod an "yes of course your beliefs are valid" to absolute nonsense like it's real.
DO NOT. DROP OUT. OF SCHOOL. YOU FUCKING *MORON*.
No, they really aren't. Religions are a form of human culture. Because culture isn't what is written, culture is what is practiced.
&gt;Alternately, you can just go straight to the root of the problem: don't let players create characters who would reasonably work at cross purposes. But then I'm punishing them for badwrongfun.
I don't judge religions period. They're just false worldviews.
Something because god is a god and the universe is just a place.
Dawkins keeps touching the poop and I *cannot fathom why*. You're a renowned biologist and author! You have money and a life! Why are you engaging with these people!?
Naw cause she's a white WOMAN.
Neato.
Oh? I'm not subbed there, sorry.
You people are all insane. Is a YouTube show guys.
Gross. How Gauche. Skulls everywhere, and no one laughs at anything.
The same thing happens with Nintendo continuities.
Can someone ELI5 why Clinton is so bad? I'm Canadian, and she seems like the lesser of two evils from up here. And also seems just... like any other democratic runner.
My point is, that it's entirely neurological, and entirely physical. It's akin to me being left handed. An error in programming, but there's nothing "wrong" with me. I'm just playing with inverted on. The problem with the "gender and sex are different, gender is mental" discourse, is that certain... less informed individuals who have a mind/body dualist outlook run with that and treat gender as if it's immaterial because that's what they think the mind is. This is where we get "two-spirit" still hanging around.
More than likely they'll instead just explain their first date.
That artwork is god awful.
So I was sitting on the toilet yesterday, and my anus opened up, as fecal matter slowly slid out of it by the process of peristalsis. Oh, I'm sorry, was that perfectly natural normal body process gross?
Adam, you spend as much time in your stuff defending your opinions as you do stating them. Stop worrying so much. Make your case and roll with it.
She's credited on the fucking poster.
Maybe before you bitch and moan about imperialism you should give back that computer.
And then she threw a chair at the drummer.
Hardly. People change, and there's nothing wrong with her appearance.
Oh. The constant Saxon/Viking invasions of Britain make much more sense now. Didn't realize they were about as close as France.
You can't mandate the behavior and beliefs of people. Only laws.
Found the grade schooler.
While I acknowledge that dress codes totally exist in the adult world and youths must be prepared for them, I also think they are stupid, so I'm kind of on their side with the dress code thing. Aside from safety equipment, nothing about one's clothes, piercings, and especily *hair colour*, affects one's ability to do their job and the public opinion of that is what needs to change methinks. It's similar to the whole breastfeeding in public thing, in my opinion.
No because sexism. Duh.
&gt;the only way for Canada to compete in manufacturing, is by reducing labour standards to match what exists in China, Mexico, etc. &gt;And saying that the workforce should move to something else is short sighted, since that something else will just get outsourced like everything else to the lowest bidder. Not only that, but global shipping is fucking *murder* to the environment.
True AI. It would mark the day our extinction began.
We will be to them as Neanderthals were to us.
Uh, yes? Is that weird? Selective pressures remove gene ~~permutations~~ variations from existence. Surviving gene ~~permutations~~ variations replicate successfully, "passing on" their success. This continues until selective pressure changes. Gene ~~permutations~~ variations are semi-randomized during meiosis/mitosis because the split and copy is never perfect. These are called mutations. Successive mutations which result in a phenotype change of the organism are adaptations. This is like, high school science.
Surely all cultures eat and have sex.
And your argument sounds like you don't care if people die because of the economic decisions of people who are entirely self interested but make decisions affecting millions. It's easy to say my right to live is by my own efforts when those efforts remove someone else's right to live. I'm not a communist, I'm a scientist. No man is an island, everything we do is connected to everyone else in some way, whether you like it or not. The choices we make should be choices that minimize the suffering of others.
By that logic we don't understand how anything works, since everything is made of subatomic particles.
This person is much smarter than me, please listen to them. I was just regurgitating remembered science class.
Or, you happen to live in a colder country with sane health care.
Or. OR. And this going out on a limb here. Get a skilled trade.
https://youtu.be/ctr9ZfeyvXg
I would &lt;insert need health care due to insane fauna joke here&gt; but we have Grizzly bears AND Polar bears. And wolves. And cougars and blackflies and horseflies and mosquitoes (malaria yo) and rattlesnakes and moose (they'll fuck your *car* up) and just the straight up lethal cold in 75% of the country 50% of the time.
Because there's no structure in your brain that causes your race to be wrong.
He looks like someone who would have made fun of me for playing video games and D&amp;D in high school.
I don't know who that is.
If you're in some sort of weird scenario where an 18 Wheeler is tailgating you and going fast enough to not be able to stop, yet there are also children running around for some reason, you swerving is just going to let the 18 Wheeler hit the child. If it can't stop it can't stop, you moving out of the way just makes this highway running child the new target.
Hey, all cultures have culture! There's one!
There's sufficient medical evidence to show that transgender people have brain structures that reflect their condition.
AKA the greatest month in sci-fi movie history.
I dunno. I try not to think about it. It's weird, because I'm terrified of death and don't believe in an afterlife, but I fucking beat the shit out of my body. I used to smoke, I eat mostly fast food and drink WAY too much sugar. For someone who doesn't want to die I'm sure running head first into it.
Even *squall* wasn't "emo", and I've written lengthy diatribes explaining exactly why.
Breaks my immersion. Get your animu out of my elder scrolls.
No! This is how they'll take over!
My cat has never run face first into a window because he was too excited to see it closed. My cat doesn't eat vomit, garbage, or his own feces. My cat plays fetch.
That movie was directed by the insane [Ralph Bakshi](https://en.wikipedia.org/?title=Ralph_Bakshi), director of *Cool World* and *Fritz the Cat*.
Margaret Weis created fucking *Dragonlance*.
Something something women's bodies are not property.
Does anyone else hate that smell that some hippies (the pot farmer kind) and hipsters wear? I think it's called patchouli? It *assaults* my olfactory senses, and leaves me with a headache.
Are... are you serious? You're shitting me.
Or needlepoint! Wait...
Hold up, presumably in the states where polygamy is legal it's legal in both directions, and it is simply the *religious culture* that keeps it as a harem?
&gt;And the cheetah is the fastest land animal on earth, that doesn't make it special in some philosophical sense. Sure it does. The cheetah is special in that it is faster than any other land animal.
That is the Jedi way. Do not attack and destroy, just go around.
Why the fuck...
That's fucked up.
&gt;Also, if she has children the pattern of behaviour ~~could~~ *will* continue.
[God damned Spinnakers.](http://m.imgur.com/6oFENdr)
Well for one thing it isn't a space, it's an event. For another, it's a public parade, so it isn't really safe, any more than just being in a park is.
Well, my apologies for having tact and manners.
I'm more upset that they keep making new Links right handed. FILTHY DEXTRAL SCUM.
Safety isn't about how people feel though. Something is either safe or it isn't. A paranoid person doesn't feel safe anywhere, but that doesn't mean nowhere is safe.
WHY ARE ALL THE FRUITS IN THIS PLACE THE WRONG SIZE.
People who are amazing at things don't let those things come to them. They work themselves to the bone every day finding those things, and then work themselves to the bone becoming amazing at them. He would have found something else.
Sooo... Like every other form of art.
Do you live in an 80's teen movie?
Trans titles aren't about self identification, and I keep seeing it and it's such a weak and self defeating argument. If you're going to frame it as self identification, you lose all legitimacy. There is legitimate medical evidence to prove that being transgender is a real physical thing, rooted in neurology. That is all the argument should be about. We don't refer to trans people by their correct gender identity because that's what they prefer. Nobody is required to give a shit about what people prefer in the slightest. We do it because we define who humans are by their brain, and that's what they *are*.
&gt;That's new science that not everyone is on board with yet, so why shouldn't I make that argument? If I didn't believe that gender dysphoria was caused by actual differences in individuals' neurology, I'd still respect their wishes. That's nice of you, but respecting things just because people want you to is neither required nor rational. I don't respect things that aren't real and I don't just agree to things because it's what people want. I would insist on making gay marriage legal even if there wasn't a single gay person who wanted it. Transgenderism is real, being an otherkin isn't. See how it's different? If we just went with whatever people wanted, you'd have to accept that being an otherkin, or being transracial, is just as valid. &gt;&gt;Nobody is required to give a shit about what people prefer in the slightest. &gt;What's "required" in life is a very small group of behaviors, none of which make you a decent human being. You can't complain about people not being decent human beings if that behavior is not required or natural. That's like complaining that it rains because you don't like rain. You can't just say "this is the behavior that I deem 'decent'" as if it's handed down from god and then deride people for not molding to it. What is "decent" to a Japanese person isn't the same as what is decent to the WBC.
Some tourists have no understanding of wild animals. I've seen people get out of their cars to go closer to *black bears*.
Shut up Mokuba.
If maintaining a healthy weight requires this kind negative acidic mindset I don't even want to bother.
I would like this and the game grumps comics, except the art reminds me of every fucked up creepy paranormal hentai ever.
How dull.
