I have no fucks to give even to myself. Just got home from work. Tomorrow, on the other hand (haha, *on the other hand*)
I lived in a room for about three years in a rooming house. You have to eat, watch TV, read, EVERYTHING on the bed. It's rough, and I feel you.
Just chiming in: my great Uncle Howard Knox married Christina Jorgensen, the very first MTF transsexual. Just an interesting tidbit. Carry on!
I love that description, I just read it out loud to my roommate. He and I do not share the same sense of humor :(
My bedroom has a stove in it.
It takes forever to cook a baked potato in a conventional oven. Sometimes I'll just throw one in there, even if I don't want one, because by the time it's done....who knows?
LOL. High profile.
Good thing you said that, it bugged me too. :D
Just toss it in the dryer to get off the... oh wait. Nevermind.
I could knit you all a fine pair of mittens! [Here is my stash.](http://imgur.com/hmXGwK6) A dog and two cats, over 4 years worth :D
I read that in Stewie's voice.
Dude I went to high school with makes hot sauce, check it out! http://www.hellfirehotsauce.com/
A quick posh on the dupa when he eats your kluski.
I never thought about that, it's not my house and the owner is extremely lazy...but he's usually really anal about safety. I'll bag and toss it today when I get home. Thanks for the heads-up!
It's in the basement so out of sight, out of mind :( As GenocideSolution pointed out, it's also an issue of safety, so it's on me to bag and trash it when I get home. Glad I posted it in retrospect.
You gotta score before you can snort.
That was the strangest sneeze I ever heard.
You know how many people DON'T know about reddit? I just started on last fall, and had only heard of it before. It seems once you start getting into it, you think everyone just *knows.* I think it would be fun to meet a fellow redditor at random, myself. I would think you could learn a lot about someone's interests and their sense of humor (or lack thereof) by using reddit as a conversation topic.
I was waiting for Chaos, instead I found Obvious.
You lucky limey bastard, no offense :D
So then... why do you have it? I really want to know!
I like your long hair! Tall, too...nice :) ^also ^your ^username
Now there's a drone I can get behind.
When I heard someone from Oklahoma say they were Midwest, we had an argument. Born and raised IL/WI, and "Midwest" has always been WI, IL, IN, OH, and IA (Maybe MO, but we don't really like to talk about that, poor Misery). MN, ND and MI are Upper Midwest. Then the Great Plains states, Texas (it's own thing), etc. etc. I have always lived within 10 miles of Lake Michigan (except for AR/OK for a stretch) so yeah, not too much thought about where the water comes from - I always knew.
First character I saw in the picture when I opened it. Good call mate.
Snoopy Come Home! *♫ 🎶 Snoo-ooo-ooopy come home, come home 🎶 ♫* I owned that soundtrack. But then again, later in life, I also owned [this gem](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dWRWYYt47RI). I also owned [this soundtrack](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nguB6wLxicU), i suggest you watch this movie, it made me cry just like Snoopy Come Home. Edit: Wish I would have cherished the things I had, both from childhood and beyond. You don't know what you had until it's gone.
Ten pounds of buffalo steak! Edit, because I do remember some reference: "Snoopy's desert-dwelling brother Spike was like this initially. The first time he appeared, he woke up after traveling a long time, and Snoopy announced, "Eggs benedict for my brother Spike!" To which Lucy replied, "Better make that ten pounds of buffalo steak" before he was actually seen. (In later stories, Spike was simply thin.)" From TVTropes board when I looked it up.
Take me back with you, on my way to Barstow.
Like Wilson on Tool Time.
I remember too, I had one that was Pooh Bear in a tree eating honey and it was the most glorious golden scene. Now, do any of you remember [these?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YE1uitXjwqY)
Oh yeah, Tool Time was the show that Tim did, and Home Improvement was the show that showed how Tim made the show, and raised a family, with the help a sage neighbor, named appropriately enough, Wilson. I'm high, so let's take this further. Wilson's entire existence was to give a passive and profound vocal foil to the inner goofball dialogue we all express in our bid to understand the world and the people who live alongside us. Represented as a friendly neighbor or as a volleyball, the wall in which we bounce ideas off of is just as important as the projectiles we choose to lob. Again, I am so fucking high right now. Yep, that's staying as-is.
Couldn't he get a judgment against her now that will be in force and effect for 10 years? So if she does sell the mattress, puts her porno behind a paywall or writes a book in that time, he can still get his cash from her? That's how most civil judgments work as far as I know. I did collections for a year for an agency under contract for a large hospital in the South, where may people were poor. One of our tasks was to determine what assets they had and place liens against property, vehicles, bank accounts, etc. Their in-house attorneys would get judgments so they could garnish wages and collect on sold assets, or even going after their "estates" once they kicked the bucket (nothing like expensive hospital charges and and the stress of constant calls and legal actions to keep you healthy! /s). I hated that job, but I learned a lot.
I said the exact same thing to my roommate last night. Huh. We all know that timing is everything, just like on reddit :D
Oklahoma has Sinclair gas stations that sell non-ethanol gas AND it has Taco Bueno. That's about all I can say regarding Oklahoma's good points. (I lived outside of Claremore, off 66 between Claremore and Chelsea.)
My gramma knitted it so I have to wear it, but tbh I think it's offal.
Um, yeah it is, when you're getting it basically all at once. Did a rather potent shot once that had me flopping like a fish on my bed. Pearl shale, I think I busted off an eighth-gram chunk and shot it. Crossed my eyes and fell out. Glad I left that shit behind a long time ago.
That's why I was always Team Count Chocula. Goes in the same color as it goes out.
I lived there years ago, and didn't even know about MTBE. Thanks for your informative response :)
I came to this sub just today for the first time, and this is exactly what I was looking for. PERFECT.
I have to go update my blog...
One is always the "settler".
I, like, just want to administratively assist in things, man. That question is way above my pay grade.
http://imgur.com/TZ0i6fk
It was an awesome experience and I enjoyed myself immensely! Thank you, /u/powerlanguage !!
I bow to the glory of the Pressiah! Sitewide flair for the Chosen One!
Ganon. Only sure arrows can possibly take down Ganon. ^if ^I ^remember ^correctly.
Should have just tossed a tennis ball in there to see if it came out covered in otherworldly goo.
That one was awesome. The pics really helped to seal the deal in the "authenticity" department.
OOh my boyfriend just pointed that out! He loves Chevy and I had to show him this.
&gt; While we do not always agree with the content and views expressed on the site, we do protect the right of people to express their views and encourage actual conversations... &gt; We’re banning behavior, not ideas. How patently untrue. Unless you can prove one IP address is the source for out-of-site harassment or doxxing, you are censoring. What next, Coontown? Sexyabortions? This is absurd, and the bell tolls for reddit. If you disagree with the sub, fine, don't visit. Trigger warnings are for assholes.
They don't fuzz voting, you can see exactly the up/down ratio that reddit did away with.
I bought a teeshirt with red-eyed snoo snuggling a pineapple. Now I wish I bought the [limited edition "We Did It Reddit" shirt](http://teespring.com/we-did-it-thank-you-reddit) so I could overlay a red circle/slash over that image. Because what reddit just did in the latest round of bans, is the antithesis of the freedoms they profess to champion.
We must revisit and empower our mission statement. An executive outing is required, preferably on the links, to emphasize cross-discipline partnerships and encourage open dialogue! ^^I'll ^^just ^^administratively ^^get ^^you ^^boys ^^some ^^more ^^beer.
NO we must have a meeting... at 5 o'clock... to discuss marketing... and ignore the girl in production, whose job sheets you constantly fuck up... yeah, let's do that.
So you harass yourself online?
You ever hear a fat black woman? The decibels are off the chain!
[So this is what the world has come to.](http://imgur.com/gallery/eaKNnAt)
If 90 percent of accidents happen within ten miles of my home, people really need to stop driving so damn close to where I live.
Excellent. I've got my tactical yo-yo around here somewhere.
See /u/iusz comment above. I think you will enjoy it.
I seen you today you was standin' on a corner, leaning up against a post. (Or making a post, that don't confront me none.)
Except maybe Ike. ^sorry
Near end of party, some people were planning to hijack the rest of the dope bought by others. Dude came from kitchen with a knife, told everyone to put their pipes on the table, and get the fuck out. Stuck it in my back a little to make a point. Turns out the plan changed and he kidnapped one of my friends, who was in on the dope scam, in the attic after we all left. He beat and raped her for three days. His name was Brian and yes he did end up going to jail.
I love the Toadies and their Cheap Trick-inspired sarcastic vocals. Speaking of Cheap Trick: *Cheap Trick* is solid. *In Color* is a very close second.
I would, in a heartbeat. There are times I want to "have" a kid so I can get the instant no-questions-asked "out" from participating in off-hours events or meetings that don't even pertain to me. Just get a random kid pic in a frame and voila! Instant part-time parent.
I think I need a new hydro/turbo-emulator valve :(
HAHAHA! I was referencing my friend and I doing "car speak" when we were teens in that comment;, and lo and behold, the last car I owned was a Chrysler! Thanks for the morning lulz!
Comcast employee?
Better offended than defendant, amirite?
T'aint.
Whee! Cheap cigs, meth AND fireworks, all just a short cop-infested drive away! Sauce: lived in AR just 5 miles from MO border.
Child support payments need to be paid in vouchers somehow. This shit is ridiculous.
Ha ha! When I was a kid I always thought it was "the algebra that the devil put aside for me." I hated math.
HAHAHA you jest. Capzaicin XP is so deadly, if you apply it with bare hands, even the next day if you rub a mucous membrane, you WILL burn. You NEED gloves to apply that shit, but it works wonders.
That would be the Cos-emo-tics aisle. Just one over from Self-Inflicted Wound Care.
After watching the dude get banged on his skull with a hammer (and *hearing* it, ugh), I will also take the sidelines on this one :(
And Billie Holiday. :(
Brilliant!
I prefer "gesundheit," thanks....
I remember vividly going to my Aunt's "friend's" house with my cousin when we were young. This "friend", a male, had a pond/pool in his back yard an us kids would play out there. We would also wander around, and I remember seeing a gorgeous home, like an estate, with a sprawling front yard, close to this "friend's" house. I remember his name, but I really don't want to ask about it - my mom said this aunt, her sister, was illegitimate; and that her daughter (my cousin) was illegitimate as well. I believe that, as this Aunt doesn't resemble any of the other siblings, and her daughter does not have any of her assumed-father's unique facial characteristics. It's a weird memory I don't think I will ever resolve.
We had a fat female gerbil named Sam (we thought it was a "he.") Every new gerbil introduced would be dead the next day. She ended up escaping and would up in the furnace filter. There are serial killer rodents.
Maybe bad haircuts instill such internalized rage? I mean, look at the Sandy Hook shooter, and the Aurora shooter... now this guy. Hmmm.
Sometimes when I am just going about my business, I imagine that the Ingalls time-traveled to present and manifest in my home. I am tasked with explaining everything to them. Microwaving dinner? Explaining in my head. Redditing? Explaining. It's weird but makes me really think about our modern world.
Ankles for me. They're pretty shredded. I stopped a couple years ago &lt;3 Hope you see your way to a better release. I get it, I really do.
I m going shopping today after a stint at the beauty salon (on a gift card my current employer gave me for Christmas), because I have a job interview on Monday. I once worked where they would buy all the office personnel nice button-up and polo shirts with their logo embroidered on. So all I needed were a few pairs of nice slacks. I miss that. It costs a bundle to buy clothes you will never wear anywhere else but the office.
They have one of the, if not *the* highest markup margins, iirc. You can leave the store with a $2K diamond ring, turn right around, and sell it that same day for *maybe* $1K, at best.
Our hound gets so excited she closes her eyes when we come home, because she hits herself in the face with her tail :D It's adorable.
Nylon over the vacuum tube trick. I lived with a guy that dealt a lot, it was common to get an eighth from a good vacuuming once a week. Triplebeam was in the dining room and he liked to drink.
I don't know why you are being downvoted. Zippos have a wide flame and yeah, you may get singed a little sparking the bowl, but fuck it... a little fire ain't gonna hurt none.
Well, when you put both together the final outcome is some dude who gets off to only rape/torture porn, so there's that.
I met some of my ex-SO's friends and we got along GREAT! One day last week we got into it (we still live together, knew each other before becoming involved) because he was mad a friend of his was in town and didn't call him. I reminded him that his friend sent a postcard from a rehab facility and he never contacted HIM, so what makes HIM so special that he can just ignore his friends and expect them to to keep the friendship alive? He then told me he has no friends because I am "such a bitch and his friends hate me." I'm just like yeah OK. You keep telling yourself that. :D
Now that I think of it, one specific duo came over and stayed at the house over-weekend for Harleyfest. I think it ticked him off that one of the guys saved the front page of the local paper twenty years ago that I was on, because he thought I was hot. We never met each other before and he ended up emailing me a pic of his photo album with the saved page a few days later. He's long married and we just thought it was a hilarious coincidence. And it was :)
You should read "The Innocent Man" by John Grisham. Also, I dated a man in OK who they picked up for a rape. They gave the victim **five different mugshots of that same man** (he had been in the justice system before and they did not like him) in order to a) get perceived justice and b) get revenge on a cocky good-looking dude. He was no angel and we broke up, but I was involved enough to talk to his defense attorney and verify these incidents did happen. The lab also conveniently lost paint chips from his Jeep, and there was no DNA tested on the rape kit, if it was even processed. He went though utter hell and once he managed to get a retrial, the prosecution claimed they found the girl and instead of a paper trial, she would be present in the courtroom (which was a lie). He was so scared he pled out and went to prison.
At the time they were incredibly popular. I did not know that they were named after the book, thanks for that!
And that he was a cop. My dad is (was) a cop.
I stick the earbuds in upside down and then put the cord over my ear and behind the arms of my glasses. Much more comfortable, they don't pop out, and fit snugger in my ear. YMMV.
Because six would be PAWsitively polydactyl!
You would LOVE [American Science and Surplus.](http://www.sciplus.com/)
I loved all of Dan Brown's books. I also enjoyed the Girl with the Dragon Tattoo series. But I am weird like that, as I also enjoy some of Dean Koontz's work.
[This guy?](http://imgur.com/Ad5GU3x)
