It was the Wind Fish's dream. So when it awoke, they ceased to exist.
Also, Ivalice continues to exist, he just makes the kids leave it. It's also implied that they can travel back and forth if the post game is canon. So it's more like Marche just wanted his friends to accept that that wasn't their world, rather than abandon it for their shitty lives.
The official timeline ruined the really comfy head canon that I had concerning that. I had convinced myself that Wind Waker &gt; Hourglass &gt; then Oracles/Awakening interchangeably, all with the same link from WW, because why else would he be sailing around?
By a Japanese(-American) guy, as a modern spin on a Japanese custom. Surely they'd be considered Japanese as well.
China is a massive country, which more region differences than you can count, and a storied history filled with more change than most other countries. To suggest that there is no true Chinese equivalent of modern Ameri-Chinese foods is nonsense. There's a fun buzzfeed video where Chinese and Chinese Americans eat Panda Express. Most of the video is Chinese Americans claiming that the food is bullshit and nothing like China, while the older generations' opinions are mixed from "awful", "this is really close", to "this is great, just like home" - orange chicken in particular is dismissed by a kid while an older man says that it would be accepted by the Chinese. What someone from one locale of China can find alien, another may find spot on.
I haven't read the article, but when I worked with kids they seemed like the only group that unanimously liked long hair on men. Even the ones that said I looked like a girl would follow it up with saying that it was cool.
I think I made my initial point unclear. I don't mean to call if specifically one or the other. It can be both American and something else. Fortune cookie, strong Japanese influence, geographically invented in America and adapted to American tastes. I'd say it's both, because on one hand it's strongly based on the dish of another culture, while made in the US. It detracts from the other side to name it one. As for the burger, I don't even know that back ground entirely, but the same logic applies to me. Maybe I'm stupid
I'm going to say something that probably makes me a terrible person, but this video with police showcases a lot more problems than the other recent outcries against cops. While the events that led in deaths earlier this year escalated further than they should of, while the officers involved could and should have handled it differently, perspective is key and a lot of people choose to just see it as cops casually assaulting and gunning down kids. Whereas here, that's actually fucking happening. They're throwing down girls who are doing nothing but sitting on the ground and getting scared, they're guns drawn chasing people who were trying to protect the former. I don't think all cops are bad or racist but Christ this video shows that we need to be more vigilant concerning who gets not just a gun but a badge. People should respect and trust the law and those that represent it, but in turn the law and those that represent it should respect them. Fuck this Judge Dredd noise.
This is an interesting comment to me. Posters in the US, and western Europe, and to a lesser extent the rest of the world, are quick to shut down the US for it's bases as nothing but bad militant imperialism, but surely it offers some benefit for the host counties.
No you don't. Her arranging for his murder doesn't mean he couldn't have been suicidal. It's possible for both to exist. Suicidal people can still be murdered. Yes, he may have killed himself, but you don't have to ignore that possibility to also consider that he may have also been the victim of a drug addict looking for a way to her next fix.
&gt;Does that sound believable to you They're on heroin, if it's so consuming that it can play a role in Kurt's suicide, then it can surely be consuming enough to play a role in Courtney wanting a few dollars more. Now you're suggesting rich people are incapable of crimes to make themselves richer. It happens all the time. Add drugs to the mix. Also, &gt;two largest rock stars in the world We're talking about Courtney Love. She's not on that level, she was never on that level.
I want to believe that r/creepy's self posts are true stories whereas r/nosleep is for fiction
I dig it. I also don't find Aqua Teen funny in the least, so to each their own.
A lot of people do this, even the ones that aren't the inbred racist hicks that people think everyone in the south is. To many people, Confederate pride is American pride, because the Confederacy is an exercise of American rights. The Confederate States of America, the right to bear arms against a federal government that you feel like no longer represents your best interests ("hurrrr slavery and racism the latter of which was surely unknown in the north, that's not revisonist at all") and the very action that founded America. As much as people want to deny it, for a lot of southerners it really is a pride thing that has nothing to do with racism, and when people like you and the ones responding to you dismiss them like this, I can sympathize with them taking pride in a rebel aesthetic.
&gt;there are seriously people who aren't part of the idort master race isshygiggydiggy
I live in Cocoa Beach, so I'm at shows pretty frequently, which is as irrelevant as your question. How can anyone possibly think that NXT is some obscure, low key scene? It's probably more known and watched than TNA.
I hate you Heath Slater
Technically correct? These could be fursonas for furries.
It's really dumb. It's not hard to type "Andre Battle Royal" unless you don't know how to type, and it's not really a mouthful either. It's a quirky acronym for the sake of being clever.
You'd hope so, wouldn't you?
itt people with weird perceptions of 4chan
Thanks brah, works fine. I don't suppose there's any mods/patches that replace the onscreen keyboard prompts with controller ones, are there? It's definitely doable just winging it from Xbox memory, but it'd be nice if the option existed.
That's not that weird. My facebook occasionally suggests me old online friends too, because I used the email address to sign up that I used to talk to them ages ago, and so did they.
There's plenty of logic to it. Swords = bad, and Luigi does seem like one best designed for spelunking.
Well yeah because sometimes you want Lucina in your butt so badly that it's worth it
&gt;there are seriously squares out there that don't fight for an independent Vegas, free of the Legion, Republic, or House
Yeah because similar angry groups like nWo had logos meant to look like they had high production values too, right?
"HE WANTED A DOG FOR CHRISTMAS"
Great, another one of the Rock's cousins /s
Black tights.
Nash may not be the best wrestler or the nicest guy, but he's a true businessman and knows that side of the industry.
This is pretty cool, I like it when people get unique merch other than just a t shirt. Also, I just noticed that the Conner's Cure bracelet is in the eshop under "The Authority".
I think it's a good gimmick. They're her stooges. It's not B&amp;M managed by Bliss, it's Bliss managing B&amp;M. Her having two too tough, generic crony hounds to build her up makes her look that much more capable.
&gt;The tag team division is what is going to, in my opinion, be the area they mass improve on the main roster this year Every year for the past four years has started up as the year where tag teams matter, and every year it quickly grinds to a halt. WWE just won't invest the time and effort into making the tag division anything more than a side show for more than a couple months.
They had the Matadors, the Rhodes Brothers, the Shield, Sin Cara and Rey, pre-New Day New Day, Evolution, J&amp;J, etc. They've had hot tag teams in and out for years, and they cool the flame every time it gets interesting
Bisexuality just enevelops the "two" sexes, pan- can encompass all of the sexes. You know, the ones the invented that aren't male or female. Like "attack helicopter".
"The Penis Game"
Deadpool, cringy? No, never! The popular Deadpool of the last decade of so has been a shining paragon of high brow humor! No fucking shit, dude
Because Harley Quinn is a shit character, redesigned and rebranded to appeal to edgy kidz.
I could really get behind Deadpool just going back to being athe self aware "merc with a mouth". The fourth wall breaking was fun at first, from time to time, but it's been so overused by everyone that it's just gotten annoying. That and the purely random humor. It's like how Spider-Man portrayals have been. Do people just not know how to write clever/witty/funny anymore without scraping the bottom of the barrel?
That is disturbingly untrue. Harley has been increasingly portrayed as competent and in control of herself. She started as some goon, brainwashed by the Joker into thinking that she was the only one who understood him and that he loved her for it, while in reality he just liked having a slave. As Harley got more popular, she gets written less and less like a simply stupid and impressionable woman that slept her way to the top of her field only to get dominated by a better manipulator than her.
Yeah, I might've misworded. I'm sure that all the sets covered the original 151 Pokemon, but that there were probably duplicates, meaning there weren't an "original 151 cards".
I don't want to lose my internet points, I can cash them in on the secret VIP store
Not to mention Kenny Omega's chainsaw.
You'll fit right in in r/discordian hail eris
&gt;For context: Me and my friend (not the guy on this pic) we are indie developers &gt;portal styled puzzle game! lmao okay keep on keeping on I guess
My neighbor's dad and I used it for Mortal Kombat moves.
It looks like they have a pretty nice ass, I'll give them that.
Especially if you read how the trials went down. They had experts coming out of the woodwork with examples of how plausible the dingo story was. Evidence of dingoes stripping meat of its wrapping to get at it, to justify how the child's clothing would've been removed. Photos of dingoes extending their jaws enough to fit over a doll's head, even larger than the baby's. No one wanted to believe that though.
Stick figure families on cars are lame. Innocent, but lame. Parodies of them are fucking terrible though.
http://i.imgur.com/B9d91H9.jpg Finally, Finn Balor's stupid headpiece almost makes sense.
Is there any delay? I wanted to use it as a speaker for watching movies with people.
Is there any delay? I wanted to use it as a speaker for watching movies with people.
&gt;Beretta and Romero at an event that Triple H was scouting Please don't. ^unless ^the ^money's ^good ^or ^something ^^I ^^guess
Did Anderson or Romero really outrank Omega as far as foreigners in New Japan go?
My computer's audio in/out are broken, so I can't use speakers with them. The computer's built in speakers work fine, but they're not loud enough for what I want, since I'm hooking my computer to a projector and using it to play a film. I have a USB with extra audio outs in the mail, but I need something for tonight. I wanted to use my phone, which I already use as a USB mic/camera, and its significantly louder speakers in the meantime.
What do you mean?
Please don't use metaphors that have to do with vehicles, like "break", okay? I identify as a moped and I'm tired of this systematic oppression of my kin by cisshit white /walkers/ like yourself. You don't have any command over us.
I'm using it now, and running into some issues. First, I can only seem to get it to connect via wifi. What I really want is a wired method. Second, it worked fine when I tried to play music. Some distortion, but nothing much. But when I use it for videos, like youtube, I can hardly hear anything. Just very faint distorted noises.
&gt;self entitled You're on fire tonight
http://i.imgur.com/GtCK9Lr.png
Apparently the distortion is on my end, so using this app for what I want isn't going to help anyway. Thank you for trying, though.
It sounds like my headset is underwater. Everything plays fine with my speakers, but through headphones it get distortions. Echos with music, if it's a song the music is loud and the vocals are faint, and everything seems to echo and change pitch. I thought the issue was my audio out port, hence wanting to use my phone as a third party, but it was giving me an issue with this app too, so I did more experimenting. USB headphones give me the same problem, and I know the USB port is good, and I know all the headphones involved are good. Right now my "fix" has been changing the balance to all left or right while on my headphones. No more weird distortion, but that's definitely not my ideal solution.
I'm a retarded child and still amused by unexpected dickbutts
Chikara had a fantastic variation of this not too long ago.
2k15 even had Nakamura's running knee.
I think you're getting the same drink in the UK, it's just bottled by Coke at Coke plants. It's still a non-Coke produced beverage.
joanna cesna beter branel brain fsgot
The Antidiluvians aren't even real
I also blame Roman Reigns for most things
&gt;956 Yeah I'll just stick to jerking it
Was Heath ever not over Nexus as a singles guy? I thought he and Gabriel remained a team, and when that dropped, he dropped it. I thought the post was about how he was still a band guy after 3MB
It's probably creepy for the snake
This is beyond just cringe and it's actually depressing to see, esp in comics because it shows the silly tumblr mindset somewhere that isn't just online. Here it's physical and real and taking over another medium other than video games. But [unsolicited opinions on Israel???] is hilarious
Is just an old, ingrained trope. Something similar is from older Chinese cinema, where when a character would be introduced, the screen would freeze and their name would appear. I don't think it's a matter of telling and not showing, especially given how your example includes them showing. It exists in fighting games too. When Ryu does a hadoken, you know it's a hadoken, you don't have to take his word for it. It's not meant to handhold the viewer and explain what it is, I think it's just a dramatic element of introduction that western audiences may differ on.
&gt;Your example of fighting games is actually a very prime example, they are special attack/techniques that the characters often name out so that you, the player(s) are aware they are special and different, and not just a simple combo move. Then why isn't it done for every special move? Balrog and Vega rarely do it, for example. Ryu cries out the name of his fireball or dragon punch, but there are on screen visual indicators that these aren't just punches, they're flaming, they look special. Meanwhile Balrog's specials are still just punches, and they don't have any accompanying name telegraphing. Surely if the naming of moves had to do with balance and hand holding, everyone one do it to make a fair, especially the guy whose normals and specials are both punches with decidedly less fire radiating off of them. Instead the ones getting audibly introduced are the ones that also have visual recognition - the recognizable shoryukens or raging demons that a seasoned player could identify long before the character starts talking about it - because the introduction is for drama, not gameplay.
Anyone playing can tell that a hadoken, even before Ryu yells, is not just a normal punch. The naming has nothing to do with it, he's throwing a fucking fireball. But at the same time, Balrog is never shouting out the names of his moves, which normal or input, are still just mundane punches. Yes, the shout does help player response in a way, but I highly doubt that was intentional, it just become a way to time the move because it was happening. The moves that get audible names are often the most flashy of the special moves, which leads me to think it is entirely similar to how it's used in movies/shows.
&gt;but instead created a precident for other games to learn from. Powerful moves in most modern games have some sort of flashy way to signify what is happening and the easiest way to do that is to have a character tell you. As someone else said, even more fighting games *don't* do this. &gt;It also makes games more accessible because even a new player understands that the enemy isn't going to shout out weak and ordinary move names so they know to block Many characters, even in SF, don't do it. None of Balrog's special punchs have a visual or audible key to set them apart from normal punches. I agree that the naming of the move does help to some degree, but it's an unintended side effect.
&gt;however the first anime series that did it, their reasoning was as I said [citation needed] That said, I think we're just saying the same thing in different ways. I don't see it has handholding, I see it as a different culture's way of heightening the drama for a specific situation. It's a very eastern cliche that is rooted in traditions that don't really exist on the other side of the world. You don't need to hear a narrative explanation to know why Goku's fireball beam thing is any stronger than his punch, or even any other fireball - there's all kind of pageantry around it that does it other than simply giving it a name. Giving it the name isn't skipping the story telling to tell you that it's now suddenly stronger, giving the name/sounds to go with it [*makes it stronger*](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kiai). Eastern cinema, and a lot of the culture, just really likes verbosity and titling things that don't really need an introduction - which what the OP is referencing in the first places. The audience will realize it's stronger without the quirk. Most anime, especially older ones, use a lot of recycled footage of long start ups and "powering up" for strong moves. It has nothing to do with shouting its name - even if that may often be a part of it.
Well, he does say that he likes posing Gary's Mod stuff. That's more or less part of the "game". Really, other than being a weird furry, this isn't that bad.
Wouldn't it be an emoticon? Aren't emojis specific things? Not all soda is Coke.
That seal is almost as sleek as Titus O'Neil
The best/worst part is that apparently there wasn't even cheating. The dude hooked up with the ex 2 months later, apparently. Unless I misread.
I think 3D Dot Game Heroes on the PS3 has it. There's also a DS game by the Scribblenaut guys that lets you draw in the character, weapons, etc. It's not too great, but it's worth looking at. Drawn to Life, I think.
&gt;boohoo I hate slang Whoa, chill out grandpa
Alternatively - a two killers, and an undertaker
This is not the one true awoo. For shame.
You do know there's plenty of decent art on dA, right? That'd be like judging reddit entirely by this sub.
Wasn't that Colt Cabana's thing?
And now everyone has long hair. They should've went with poofy mullets
This is everything that I wanted out of a Matt Hardy feud Laughable writing, ludicrous fall from grace, jilted dialog and nonsense angles. It's as crazy as a Hardy should be.
Well , he's retarded, but kinda right. Internet memes weren't always synonymous with image macros, which they are now. Before, memes were based on the actual meaning of the word meme - they were essentially in jokes. References that were meaningless except to the culture that used them, the internet. Now it's just text on pix and that's not really what a meme is, it just jokes of debatable humor that explain themselves, eliminating any real memetics. Make memes great again
Some say that Hitler started he genetic revolution
Well the person was the one cheating on his fiancée so he's not all that much better
No, he was cheating on her with the "Nazi".
I don't, nor did I ever claim that I did. But I don't see you lobbing this half assed response the way of all the people claiming to love him based a small, one-sided peek into his life, so there's no reason why I can't dislike him for an equal reason.
So it's totally cool to talk about a wrestler's personal life when it's positive, or a negative that you don't agree with, but everything else is off limits? People watched a WWE special and are now spouting praise about the person behind the character as if they know him. He recovered from an injury, he started poor. That's fantastic. But it no more makes him a person worth cheering than cheating makes him worth hating. If you're going to open that door and start using his real life as a reason to love him, I'm allowed to use it to dislike him. Nothing against him as a wrestler, he's goddamn fantastic and I love his work. But don't act like I'm out of line for criticizing his personal life when it's fine for others to compliment it. If someone said "sweet moonsault", I wouldn't whine that he's a cheater. Then it would be irrelevant. Keep in mind that Hogan's dirty laundry was between him and his partner (at that moment in time) too, and that was put out for the world to see. A lot of people laud him as an irredeemable racist but I can't seem to recall him ever acting on it or doing anything to promote it. But no, someone calls to attention Seth Rollins' blemishes and the defense force comes riding in.
Yes, but that's not what he started with. It acts like booking Kevin Owens and Asuka was part of some unspoken war. Neither of them had anything to do with NJPW. Obviously it has nothing to do with fighting New Japan, they're just hiring talent from everywhere.
For everyone thinking that TNA's production is just terrible, look at the Lashley/Galloway packages. They're nothing impressive, but they're by no means bad. This weird Matt shit is just that. It's weird Matt shit. It's supposed to be avant-garde house bullshit because Matt's character is avant-garde house bullshit. And I love it
&gt;his best Look I think he's great now too but honestly his WWE Champ run with Riley in tow was just as good. He was a shitty, unworthy champ. That was his character. A sociopath coward who felt validated by a belt that he didn't deserve. Having the belt made up for everything, it made him think he really was the best. It was really good, he sounded like a legit evil threat when addressing opponents, and you knew he wouldn't win fair which made it all the more menacing - what was he willing to pull out to put them down? Other than the finish, his I Quit match with Cena was amazing, story wise. And Awesome Truth was amazing too, but that was a continuation of that character.
