If she does not respect you now, she never will. Run.
same as any religion, tbh.
look for another job then, and thats ASAP. IF this blows up, you'll might be facing up to legal action on a word vs word alone. Also, document everything.
on one hand, yes, on the other, they are way overused in this area, unfortunately.
Also what /u/Skellum said here, exactly.
Power. With power, you can get both the money and sex easily.
unless you own a good porn studio? ;)
yeah, she definetly needs a proffesional, and that proffesional is a police officer. This is a very FUCKED UP what her husband wants, imo.
this reason is called safety procedures. And they are called for more prosaic situations than an engine failure on takeoff - just because you have up to few hundred people on board.
She made her own decision, she should pay the consequences. Not you.
it only smells if she didnt wash her teeth...:&gt;
Married her, now we actually want a baby :&gt;
Biologically, 20-25 years old (for a woman), between puberty and 40 for a man. Reality - when you have a stable income/place to live on your own, can afford the additional expense, are in a stable relationship (so the kid has a stable, loving, family situation, not some war-like scenario to live in), and want a kid.
Maybe because, for many people, a legal move is just not that important to stay together / care for each other and the baby long-term?
Or just, not fill your life with work, and have time for him, maybe? If she's constantly away (13 hours daily work, plus commute, etc, chores, life in other words - all that adds up to probably what? 17-18 hours? More?) and their schedules don't exactly meet, he might be simply too tired / not in a mood for sex.
Bah. real men use Hercules!
Alternatively, automate your job, school, family, and sleep? :D
The question is: what does she do? If she is activelly exploiting this, I'd go as far as looking for a new partner.
Yeah, sadly, we men do not get to choose wheter or not we want to be a parent. If a woman deems we are to be one, we are forced into it. Such fun /s Ultimately, it was OP's decision to go thru with it, not a forced choice by her SO. The question is, why her SO pushed so hard. He might well have a valid reason not to be tied to her now. Was this checked / resolved? Dont dismiss his side of the story as easily. Edit: for me, this sounds like a buried deep lack of trust issue.
Umm...yeah. It might be awkward, but without communication you two will not resolve anything - but you will just make even more problems by not communicating properly / at all. Think about it. Now, if he does not respond to communication...make him your ex-bf.
If you do not have feelings for her / do not want to go exclusive - stay away, and strongly consider additional birth control that is 100% controlled by you alone. Just in case she gets an idea to use "ooopsie baby" card.
Break up. One month in is not a point to making such life-altering decisions like moving.
You mean?
OP's just pretending to be an adult if she is cheating while drunk. Just saying.
I double that. You and your feelings/needs should be his first concern. Also, taking a dog for a sleepovers? Wait, what...?
Also men do not get to choose wheter or not they want to support a child born because a mother unilaterally witheld BC w/o telling them ;) what about them? "collateral damage" of someones 20+ years of income ? What choice do those men had? Then again, its just a man, right? He should man up. /s
&gt; So, taking her at her word I'd take her on her word way before that, that she would not cheat. Thats what being exclusive means, right ?
For now, yes. Those things can change, and data do not dissapear by themselves ;) remember that.
&gt; he dropped it and sincerely apologized to me I'd say you both just moved a bit too fast for your needs / likes. As you now taking it slow now, he backed off, he apologized - i think that it has a potential to turn out ok.
I'd still get a paternity test. Just in case.
the person having an issue here is OP's cheating wifey. OP should aim for 100% custody, after paternity testing.
He talks about it, because he knows what she will do in this situation (quite predictable move on her side, tbh, too). A lawyer is also a stranger, so I guess ,by your logic, he shouldnt talk to him? On the other hand, mother has no/too little income, has no place to stay in same area as father - why should everything be about HER, especially if she is the one that fucked up ? Feminism much?
OMG, why would anyone want a tattoo in a such infection-prone place? O_o
"a bit" insulting, if you ask me. And im not even Japanese. ...and "a bit" is a diplomacy talk.
Looking at this thread, I have a feeling, that tattoo was meant to be done to piss off that one certain tattoo artist that was selected by the client XD
They do. Also, check out eyeball tattoos. And cringe.
more like "they were married off by their families" than "they married".
Your lungs will rupture if you try and hold it in, in short. Then, you will drown in your own blood :)
Yeah, except that process takes days, while just removing your helmet in space would end up as explosive decompression :)
I guess it would not be to hard to perform invitro procedure on a woman during a surgery, but assisted reproduction methods also rely on hormonal therapy before the procedure itself - so I dont know wheter such feat would result in a viable pregnancy.
Also, depends on what exactly is the construction of the plant. I.e. radiation hazard from chernobyl 4 event is that high, because there was no safety/containment dome over the reactor - and once the reactor vessel's cover was blown off, it obliterated that flimsy metal sheet roof overhead, and left reactor open (and burning) to the outside world. A proper containment building would mitigate this to an extent. Another thing to consider, is the core composition - again, chernobyl 4 reactor - the RBMK-1000 - contains several hundred tons of graphite, that, if heated and exposed to oxygen, burns. Fires create updrafts that will cause radioactive particles to spread over large areas. If that was a PWR reactor, the crisis would be most probably way better contained.
For comparison, the largest test device ever to be detonated - the USSR's Tsar Bomba - had yield equivalent of 50 megatons of TNT. And its shockwave caused damage as far as finland (thru atmospheric lensing) where there were several cases of buildings having their roofs blown off.
&gt; Gamma rays are not dangerous by themselves umm, yeah, they are, actually. If they were not dangerous, they would not be in gamma ray part of EM spectrum anymore. Less frequency means less energy carried.
&gt; in small quantities Apart from tiny additional cancer chance, this is about correct now :)
&gt; Can you still have a relationship without sexual relations? Unless both parties are asexual, and assuming its not an open relationship, such relationship will mostly, not last. &gt; She has opened up to me about her childhood, she said her step brother used to force her to do things. If she was abused, was she in a therapy later? Maybe this could help.
So, should a hate speech be OK if its performed in a willing circle of people? Thats how NSDAP started, tbh...
Also, is she is mentally fit to be a principal, she is well fit mentally to be tried by the court.
I guess the primer on a HEAT is not keyed for such soft target as a human body, so it just passed thru without actuating. And I dont think it would be a razor cut, more like having a grenade explode inside him - all that kinetic energy, and follow-up shockwave behind the round.
Actually, I once wondered would the elephants foot undergo at least some fission if subjected to a nuke going off nearby...
I literally always did that to that city. Just because that crazy scientist-style girl there. Tho, the first time Ive met her as a ghoul, AFTER the fact, was...unsettling. A bit.
Any big enough bomb will solve any problem...the fact, that it will solve anything else in general area, is another story altogether.
which is very overrated. You just to make sure that the opponent has no chance of retaliatory action.
&gt; child abuse that is being worked on, with the pope cracking down on it. you mean, by kicking out any priest who tries to actually achieve anything apart from PR statements ? GG, pope, GG. But we atheists still not gonna belive you have any sort of good intentions. tldr: pope is just a PR guy anyway, with an...interesting past to boot.
If you do not deal with extremist in your midst you are as guilty, by being an enabler.
And why should I care? You have an extremist in your midst? You take care of him. There is always a way to do SOMETHING, even if by showing political support against that extremist. Yet most do nothing.
&gt; Should I discuss this problem with my therapist? What for. Its too late anyway. *chants "one of usssss" :D
A pickaxe is also a manual craft, so add at least one.
But what if he likes it small? :)
As for tracks, they were specially-built quad rail lines, curved to faciliate directional aiming. There was no "line" to speak of that got to them - the gun was assembled on-site after the rails were built, directly on them.
Its not really "mobile" - only movement it did while assembled, was aiming. Even that was done by external locomotives, as gun itself did not have engines.
not with 20 meters+ of barrel recoil :)
In short, Plan B is an emergency hormonal birth control pill. Prevents pregnancy when used within first 72 hours after sex.
Its not that easy - if it was, you would be able not only to "cure" transsexuals, but homosexuals - and yet, no "cure" was found for either, just because its not that easy as it looks. dont think of being trans/homosexual as "thinking the wrong things" - its the other way around, think of it as a (i.e.) male brain that you made to live in a female body.
Depends what one defines as "being ill". If you treat everything "not perfect normal" as "ill", than not only gay people are "ill" but virtually noone is sane - just undiagnosed. As for clinical definition of being ill, homosexual person is not mentally ill.
like, gossip :D
&gt; regardless of gender Not that women can get prostate cancer :)
Dont glocks have a squeeze safety ? Technically its still a catch, you just operate it differently. And you can slide back -&gt; load a clip -&gt; relase the slide. Way easier to do.
Thats about the same level of fallacy, as you asserting that being in illness/disorder if its not your norm ;) Im more with WHO on what norm is.
&gt; Robocop... I liked the new movie well enough but would have liked it more as a sequel instead of a remake... the new actor really didn't pull off the roll nearly as well Peter Weller... he just wasn't the Murphy we all knew and loved. also, oryginal robocop looked and behaved like a mostly-machine entity, which it was. New robocop looked like a guy in a fancy suit.
A very large group of people is also batshit crazy. Tho, most probably, its just corelation and not causation. Mostly because, even toxoplasmosa cant make a person that much crazy as some are. :)
&gt; &gt; We visit each other once a month Then you dont really know her. Do not marry until you actually lived with each oter for 2-3 years AFTER LDR ends.
&gt; Was she really just busy? Probably. Fucking someone locally generally takes some work.
So whats wrong with a divorced person ?
1) get more money 2) get even more money. Women want men who can either provide servitude, success, or sex. preferably all of above.
Not willing to accept flaws, and will make a wonderful mother? I do not think so ;) Children also have flaws, and also, they are mostly not like you want them to be.
Until you get the fuel bill :D
Yeah, helicopters are in more vulnerable position, and are technically more vulnerable too. On the other hand, error margin on a helicopter is way larger compared to a jet aircraft doing 600+ mph at 1 mile ASL.
more temperature resistance, more density and less malleable. Thus better as ammo.
People dont change because children. They do fuck up children tho, if they try to make them into perfect images of their own imagination of what a person should be.
If she is using that much makeup that she looks different to such an extent, she's not the kind of person i'd date anyway. I prefer to look at the woman and see a woman, not a barbie doll living advert for 10 cosmetic companies.
In theory, yes. But as /u/stickmanDave stated already, its totally unfeasible due to economics. Producing and sustaining one gram of antimatter, currently, would cost more than the entire planetary economy.
That. Also, beware of ooopsies.
If you have any STD, he has a right to be upset. The "most people have it" is a bit bullshit, and not everyone wants to get involved with a person that carries a disease. Im 100% clean, and I expect my SO to be 100% clean, no exceptions. If he/she is not, its a 100% unrecoverable dealbreaker.
Time. You need time, girl.
Drugs are no better than pedo. Out there at the top of it, its not exactly "having a good smoke and a laugh", but more along the line of mexican cartels financing.
And that radioactivity is 1) low, 2) its alpha emission, meaning its only even dangerous if it gets inside you. Technically, with even 2-3% U235 enriched nuclear reactor fuel pellets, you can hold it in your hand and not have any adverse effects - provided it was never used in a reactor yet (so fission byproducts are in negligible quantity)
Cartels exist if you do not penalise crime harshy enough, or dont have forces to do so. And if you legalise drugs, you will only get more crime / accidents caused by people under the influence - and nothing positive for society. Then again, im all for super harsh / up to capital punishment for any serious crime (that meaning drugs, sexual crime, corruption, political engineering, terror, coercion, embezzelment, fraud, theft, etc - not traffic tickets :P)
&gt; They don't execute for rape or murder, only drugs. Most probably because they do not want that kind of persons in their teritory, period. You want to do drugs? You are free to do so...outside of their teritory. Or risk consequences. Its that easy.
Ummm, we can't ? Thats a new one.
We also existed without most of law enforcement, does not mean its good ;)
Thats because no law enforcement provides safety. It only provides consequences...sometimes. You want safety? CCW license if your friend.
&gt; super tsunami can make an entire country a no human zone It can do that on itself, without help :)
Also, the amount of really dangerous waste, from a year of power plant's operation, is negligible next to amount of dangerous waste from coal power plants, or any chemical processing / smelting.
&gt; Fukushiima was a total clusterfuck disaster. And, not surprisingly, so was Chernobyl-4 disaster, with extreme errors in reactor / safeties design added in.
oh trust me, they are there. Unfortunately.
I, for one, use facebook mostly for family/closest friends contact or sharing, and intrest groups. Nothing more.
Having renewable energy is one thing. Having it 100% dependable upon for access-sensitive industrial processes, is another story. Some plants could loose equipment worth millions if they fully lost power for more than minutes.
Reactors do not blow up by themselves, unless there is severe human error / design fault involved. Which is about the same as any other mass power generation. Stop fear mongering, and get facts straight, seriously.
&gt; It pumps two forms of hydrogen into a chamber One of two heavy isotopes, to be exact - either deuterium or tritium. You could technically use regular hydrogen, but then you'd need more power going in to sustain fusion reaction, starting the fusion is harder, containment is harder (way more pressure / temperature needed) and so on. On the other hand, tritium decays very fast, and is expensive / hard to get. Deuterium is between tritium and hydrogen, so its most probable fuel of choice. edit: And, i'd gather that output helium would be readily used, as we have a limited supply of helium on earth, and its useful.
Its not danger that people are concerned about, really. Its economics. Social costs a lot, and someone that didnt put a dime into the system, should not be allowed to use that system, just because he came, and deems he's entitled to. What about building your own country up again, instead of blowing it up?
