I am surprised people play Annie/Brand support for stun (and deeps), when there is a champion named Veigar that can stun up to FIVE enemy champs, including their pets (drake, ghosted ally) and it's on a 7.7s cd with 45% CDR max rank (basicaly 4s and some after the previous cast ends). I didn't try to support rankeds with it but when I feel *villainous*...
You should/must have Naut. Versatile and fun to play. And can roleplay Big Daddy from Bioshock. Probably best joke in game too.
The road to success is sprinkled with enemy tears and ballads of hate. His W being one of the most impactful non-ultimate ability helps a ton.
Apdo could carry outside challenger with any champ. Nunu mid might be best for it since is the *TILT* champ. *Bronzies* ^(anything under plat) should stop dreaming at top 0.02% and look just one tier ahead of them.
Funny thing is many replies disagree with me. "useless without farm" ^^lmao "annie has better chance at multiple stuns" ^(if you go in their face) "unreliable stun" ^(I've landed triple stun under our turret that turned the fight around single handedly, 4v3 became 1v3, and they were spread) Again Veigar support play style fits an evil mastermind type of person, not a honest to God support. Laning phase, if ADC is on the ball, a stun means free poke, enemy ADC lose some cs at worst. Mid late game, basically one *effective* spell you need to spam every fight you can get on. You can focus on your active trinkets like aegis and frost queen. If the enemy mage comes in range R is free damage. The only thing you really care on Veigar support is CDR, and it's easy to get plenty.
&gt; Why there are loads of [anything] ^(E: there are loads of stupid people too, me included; should we follow the majority example blindly?) I want to leave you happy with your opinions, yet I'd recommend against unoriginality and 'follow the pack' attitude. If you like Brand bot, go Brand bot. I tried Veigar bot and I liked Veigar bot, more than Brand. I'll add Veigar to my list of support champs I can take into the fight, and strike out Brand. My problem isn't that Veigar is bad support. My problem is ADCs that go *tilt* from champ select assuming I want to steal farm and do fuck all whole game with zero reactions to landed stuns.
Skimmed through it and few thoughts were: This must be a pain to update and modify. It will probably succumb in the cesspool of ol' forgotten forum threads, unless stickied. Then it hit me: Dude, Github that *shit*. Forum posts is the worst way to do it.
Microsoft Edge doing something better than Chrome and Firefox overlords? On what browser did they dev/test this?
Every week since Season 1 and Rito still can't hire an intern to do it. Free karma for 6 seasons!
More likely Police's Cortana doesn't appreciate citizen's bad taste for that whore Siri. (can switch names around)
That won't stop rengars from one shotting.
Wait. isn't it done already? I thought that's how report function works. especially back when lvl1 global spam.
&gt; inb4 deals 50% of base attack as Kappa damage FTFY
&gt; highest dps mmmnope? highest base damage like 2h hammers or facebreakers + % auras. Speed is just convenient. reduced duration and aoe size is what you ant next. As for crit, depends on what %crit chance they give as a base.
Spot on. 2 years a go I read a (overly worded) post by Charan where he pointed out that the game was turned in who has best biggest aoe clearing skill and how many mooks can you one shot on the screen at once. Ant this one skill must/is useful for both mooks and bosses. Wich might be fun, but lacks RPG-sih interaction with enemies. Everything is cannon fodder. Last time I tried melee skills was a facebreaker dominating blow at level 15 something that was evilish fun also extremely clunky and laggy. I don't even care about melee options anymore. Spectral throw, ground slam, leap slam are 'melee' options for me.
and 0 damage to flying enemies?
Both are equally toxic for your health too. Here is champ's lore: &gt; I wanted to be an artist but I ended assassinating plebs for *nothing*.
Nice schooling in gaming economics. I give you that. *But*, this dynamic queue experiment resulting in higher *ARPU*, as you call it, is more day dreaming than smart move. The funny part is that soloq-ers are the vocal minority^? while teams and boosters have a field day banging anuses left and right.
Bullshit PR response. They are in damage control mode now. But I guess it's fair. they get BS too if they fuck up.
There are plenty QoL that community demands and are good for the game. New team builder is ^(^fucking ^finaly) nice; dynamic q that came with it and took who knows how much time to develop, not so much.
It is hard to get into. But probably worth it. More features, better in game pings. Is not as pretty and cartoonish as LoL (which I like), but might be your alley. Only thing is you need a better rig to play it. LoL has lower requirements.
Dqueue is pretty great for those who like to play in teams, but don't quite get 5s ready to go. They won't voice complaints. For the first time in 5 seasons is SoloQ that get shit on. And they are right to be vocal about it. And all this when we fucking finally get an advanced team builder. (that has it's rough edges too btw) Spagetti code management 101. -Rito
I will be over here with minecraft, darkest dungeon and maybe path of exile or undertale. gonna wait few months until Riot figure it out with their juggernauts, marksman mordekaiser, adc revamp, keystone balance, dynamic queue, loot chests and whatever. I swear every month or two there is a new bullshit; and it's not only at pre-season time. They still have to refactor their spagetti code, balance changes and TADDAM is world champion time!
foreveralone_border.png is what we get.
I quite wonder myself why don't they bring this gem of a dynamic queue to Korea, China and Europe. 1. lets watch SKT1 stomp soloQ or get stomped ^(yah lol) by random 5s 2. China has huge player base ranging from utter shit to good; little to no language barrier (Tencent too) 3. Europe - language barrier, good fucking luck getting on voice coms with anything but your citizens.
And barely got little over half positive response. God knows what category of players too.
&gt; Faker cyberstalking something something also Dopa/APDO on china If you can leech data from other streaming sites than Twitch ofc. Already using your site to watch epic Singed plays :^)
Once you figure out the kinks, is a great automation tool. Hope he can add more streamers and outside of twitch too.
Doesn't make for good streaming revenue I guess.... Flashy plays entertainment and all that. Maybe if you roleplay Skrillex or something.
Just watched random Zyra support by Aphormo. what a beast. Hyped.
Better play on smurfs account or avoid rankeds if you even ask this; up to a month at least. Baring the shitfest that is placements there willl be a lot of balance issues and problems with new champion select (dynamic queue or not)
Mordekaiser is a marksman ...and rest is pretty much the same. win rates will shuffle based on balance changes on next patch. It's more about the new champ select more than anything.
Take a break if you feel bored/burned. Unlike dog, wife, kids, job; you can quit playing LoL whenever you want. You will always come back even just for a featured game mode. See if you like DOTA2 more. plenty of great new games on steam too (and off-steam) ATM I'm making XP farms in Minecraft. chill as fuck. And I don't know if game is boring as much as constantly frustrating. Balance issues, bugs, spagetti, unpopular changes. Missing long awaited QoL features.
All i could think while seeing the replay [Release the KRAKEEEEN](http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/fairytailfanon/images/9/9f/Release_the_Kraken_by_GENZOMAN.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20120623043106)
RIOT's fault for making it shit. He legit thinks is the new shinnier better starting option that Riot designed for ADCs
No, you liked the role selection part. Rito trying to nudge us to ~~play more with friends~~ get stomped by 5s team instead of random soloQ is where the schism is at.
jokeoveryourhead.meme It's a trollish game mode with trollish matchmaking and trollish music. Respect the artist's design choice. It's how he intended to present us the video collage. Ofc you don't have to like it, but no need to be asinine about it.
Can't wait for them to release soloQ too. I bet they will drag on it's release a lot tho. they want us to invest enough time in dynamic queue to get used to it. And then they release soloQ saying best rewards are with dyQ ranks. Time will tell if playerbase will align to Lyte and co. vision about the future. Biggest question for me is how will streamers go about it... streaming is always solo. will they make streamer collab team? Will streamer make a team with anon friends?
Not only he has anger management issues from years of LoL (makes you aggressive) he is also pretty annoyed over with dyQ and soloQ fuckery from riot, since he went to Korea from China to try get top rank (competitive challenge) and then Riot pulls this &gt; soloQ is released later Teams -&gt; Esports soloQ -&gt; personal skill recognition; pretty big thing in Korea and China. WTF is he going to do now? play scrims with his chineese translator chick?
Best TEAMS, not players. ...with coaches and gaming houses at their disposal. wait until sponsors chipe in. in a way this could be cool. in another way it will be a &gt; money &gt; random skilled Apdo.
Professional compliments included. Why is she so *clothed?* Zyra is all naturel and sideboob covered in plants thingie. Was expecting leafs and branches... only. ^^fan ^^service ^^design ^^pls Plants are best.
I like to write &gt; dyQ so I can think of it as a dick queue
A good trait in a competitive setting.
Tahm is love; Tahm is life! I insta bought TK just for that.
AAAAnd this is why I find DD so stresful to play. One simply cannot plan for dodges/misses/resists in his rotations. Death is one coin toss away. Cross the street? Death Door. Flip the pages in a book? Torn rotator. Cast light on the shinny red globe with a torch? Ctulhu tentacle spawn. And I always hated ^good games that had me manage multiple team members. As for video. At first I tho it will be a a long dungeon full of close calls with bitter end. Wiping at what is the tutorial enemy pack is.... worth filling a salt mine. Loved the captions.
is not OK to consume tens of hours of human time to enjoy finishing the story. Think [Humane game design](https://www.reddit.com/r/Gaming4Gamers/comments/332paj/humane_design_games_must_be_good_to_their_players/) There are hardcore games but they have a easy / normal setting usually.
Hope they go even further. The embarking part should allow the use of skills/gear upgrade from hamlet, for one and a smarter design. stash covers half the screen; hero window cover whole screen.... yadda yadda
In eune I pick supp/top and the que popup is damn near instant on supp. (which I like, but once I went tilt and played Singed support; ^^we ^^won ; my team seemed cool about it) How did you even get your secondary role behind support lol. And the new champ select is butter smooth. Prettyer and better response to clicks.
Lyte got all the hate for new dynamic queue; But I must say that new champ select is butter smooth. Pretty and responsive to clicks. (as long as i plunge in my primary supp role tho)
Any online game with 'roles' will have this situation. some roles are more popular than others due to: fun, challenge, responsibility (or lack of). Many people want to be the goalie; not so many the goalkeeper. Best part about the new system? I get to play all kinda supports. from Tahm Kench to Singed^^once and w/e else I feel like.
I liked your metaphors. Zyra needs some love as in some QoL changes and fleshed out minigame. thing is there are other ugly champs that need revamp more than her. I have no hope that mage revamp will give us a new Zyra like marksman revamp gave us new Graves.
That picture is the source of all the hype. His release, if ever, will be gloriously good, or bad. no middle ground.
Shyvana is an druidish-dragon. She morphs in it (half-dragon) Ao Shin is full time dragon, chinese style dragon at that; which is a big thing, in itself. Also brings the possibility of awesome abilities. Shyvana's are pretty... boring. even the flame spit is a joke compared to Rumble's flame spitter. Ao Shin floats, Nami style. There is also the rumor that it will bring a new hitbox shape.
Think about it as 'shoulder line'. ADC advances 1 step? Janna advances half step. ADC backs off 1 step? Janna backs off 2 steps. Exceptions: getting in position to make plays, wards, body shield skill shots. But me mindful of the enviorment hazards.
First, my God stop being so pretentious, support life is most chill. you don't have to take care of creep score whole game. Always free to look at map, make some poke and wiggle in front of enemy bot lane like a schmuck bait. Second, ADCs hate only bad supports. or bad ADCs hate passive supports, who just try to keep them safe through laning phase. OFC we *sacrifice* ourself like giving up kills, killing ourself for the greater good, buying support items that are... boring. But that's what maskes us good supports. We should get praise when we do outstandingly well. Maybe worst thing as a supp, for me, is when every lane is failing and I don't know who to support past lane phase game to augment his carry potential. Because supports don't carry, they nudge in the right direction, multiply carry potential or make plays.
Nice analysis and gz on gold. After trying few combinations I came upon the question: **We all know the red vs blue +/- % win chance in summoners rift; but what about first pick/last pick % win chance?** Becasue IMO team B has a slight advantage at pick order with counters and team comp. Edit: messed up mid and top; basically a question of who gets to expose his lane first. [Analysis](http://i.imgur.com/LKY8Hcb.jpg)
Not disagreeing with you; but random means also IMO that last pick team has a slight advantage. Curious about statistics on this situation; not talking about teams who trade. I would like that support roles always pick last; in a world w/o trading.
I am biased towards support, and i say that blind pick support is next to useless for bot lane duo. Because can't react to enemy picks. and in soloQ I have next to no idea who am I synergizing with. Top lane is solo. Jungle will pick w/e is on his agenda usually. Pick tanky support? pick janna support? blitz? only advantage is if you pick contested OP supports like tahm kench before everyone.
take your sweet time guys. If Tahm nerfs are effective, Graves is right up next on the ban list.
I wish you happy game vs Graves any lane (esp bot lane). He is brutal.
he is good at taking champs down in brutal fashion. what it matters.
good luck with Subterranean /joke emote vs Astronautilus.
they were probably aimed at a certain anime fans target.
Damn fucking right they botched it. *ANOTHER* Sona skin!? ^(it looks nice tho) Where is my Lovespreader Singed; Heartdigger Yorick; Heartseeker Urgot. Heartbinder Amumu. Ugly ^^^people champs need love too. Rito please. ^^Orianna ^^is ^^insta ^^buy ^^btw.
Sona is missing an MD skin!
But they nerf Graves which is nice.
Is OK mate; once they decide to bless us with soloQ again all this traversty will be over. meanwhile enjoy your valentine skins.
Tanky supports: Tahm Kench for obvious reasons; Nautilus is the best hooker between Thresh and Blitz (IMO). Thresh is not as tanky and Blitz is hit an miss; had great fun with Illaoi, def will try again; Taric does exceptionally well with Graves IMO; Rammus if you want to take lot of hits and bait ADC. Braum is GG with nimble attackers (Lucian, Vayne, Ezreal). Not so tanky supports: Janna, Soraka, Swain (if you want to be a cock giver of the bot lane, not so much for peels); Morgana, Lulu I had a win with Support Singed too; like wtf man everything works. You just need coordination and decent ADC that isn't a crybaby. Just don't be a cock and: 1. buy wards 2. keep adc safe 3. help team/ADC get kills/creep gold. *^badum ^tss* support main.
Defending your Janna example here. Thresh needs to land a skill shot at the right time and right opponent. Fail to do so and you're left frustrated. But Janna has peels for ADC and huge AD buff. Her shields, if abosrbed, add up to adc livehood by saving pretious HP points and buying time to lifesteal more. her ult is a huge displacement AND heal
[Shen is not so poop IMO](#face-eww)
[Wiki link](http://leagueoflegends.wikia.com/wiki/Nautilus) [Champion.gg for support Naut](http://champion.gg/champion/Nautilus/Support) As an Astronautilus support myself (the to go champ when my team picks paper carry into mundo+cho) I tend to max W first. because every little helps. Shields tend to make you deceptively tanky. Your question on what to max? At level 5 you can have 3 ranks in either W-shield or E-Riptide. rank3 W: 75HP + 13% of your max hp + 50/2s bonus magic dmg (if shield holds) rank3 E: 130 dmg + half of that + 40% slow (up from 30%) I'd say go with the shield so you can sustain more trade in lane. But if you read the links you can make an educated choice. Point is to play according to your skills; max riptide? then try to dodge poke and go in to land riptide on them. Max shields? then try to bait and sprinkle them with autos. Damage you take is damage your ADC didn' take. ^(Disclaimer: Silver I ^^and ^^^climbing ^^^to ^^^challenjour)
For the sake of discussion I'd argue that E and Q doesn't scale with anything you build if you go full tank. Ap ratios are wasted. If you get at least some spell penetration in the form of abyssal scepter (to help your ap carryes too) then yeah. W will benefit first and always from every point of armor/mr and HP you get.
Preach it. This patch my dream combo is Taric with Graves. You just, like, only need to be around Graves. Those passives stack and you have tankiest Marksman. Sightstone, boots, frozen heart, Aegis. Heal for extra bonus armor/mr. The armor shred from W with full ad Graves is the icyng on the cake.
Ya people should stop crying about boring kits. Support role is open to pick champs that augment team chance to win. Pick what you think will do good against enemy team.
It is also the last chance to play the good ol' Taric. God knows what rework they give him.
Depends what you go for. Lane pressure is achieved when you can show them who is the boss and have them call you their Daddy. Being tanky is a sure way to tell them who is the boss. (also gives your adc a reliable front liner)
Duuuude; Please make clear distinction between new champion select and dynamic queue, they came together but not the same thing. New champ select is butter smooth; when you get against climbing premades is where shit hits the fan. cancer and reports are flying about.
Now this is weird. This guy wrote a whole story for a champ for *free* and then we have the dank and secret past when I stole your wife, story.
Looks like Caitlyn has a though job on her hands. Can't wait for the sniper showdown.
No you're not sorry. Count my upvote.
In ARAM I fumbled her R so bad; Reason being it has ^*short* a cast time and at the end will 'shoot' in front of her. So if you cast R and turn back or sideways you fumble it. RITO pls
When your only option left is to die.
48 minutes of struggle and sweaty hands. Reminds me of when I promoted in Gold 5. the feels man.
We have had that discussion with Chris on other thread and the conclusion was: They will introduce more prophecies as they are ready.
You get some message about how to socket your skills and use waypoints, maybe. That's the tutorial.
Golden tip. Gonna save it and try suggest it to my friends.
Jokes on you. Soldiers will be robots too. Or long distance guided drones.
At this point I think GGG should just make patch torrents with whole .ggpk game file. Steam users would love it methinks.
Dunno about you but when reddit is down I feel lost. &gt; Just what am I going to do with my life for the next hour? And then it's backup.
While it had happened to me too, I feel like **^meh** when I have to do any trading. Either buying or selling. Even with premium tabs that greatly improved it, it's a chore. I have enough chores at work. Do you want us to interact? give us a fun environment to do it. not trading.
pretty bad argument. sure there are bad 'QoL'. But for 4-5 y/o games the most ruining factor it's age itself. You can't say QoL ruined vanilla Warcraft. The novelty just wore off but improvements and MMO formula kept it going.
we just spew random arguments lol. &gt; Path of Exile quality of life improvements &gt; lottery winners &gt; warcraft &gt; sense of accomplishment &gt; less effort I'd challenge you to try play a [4 year old version of Path of Exile](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Os-4RGEORzw). Where would you draw the line between QoL and natural game progression or improvements? There are many since then. some of them pretty useless. As for lottery winners, it's because nobody taught them how to be 'rich' and what to do with so much money beyond their dreams.
Because getting gems for a decent build with supports and all, beyond what quests gave you, was extreme RNG. Templar was king with 3? reduced mana gems, and everyone wanted clarity. Also trading was bad most of the times. So you gated builds behind RNG, a lacking trading system coupled with either new players who couldn't do shit or experienced players who grew tired of the system. Now you have a dead and defunct 'old way' that you happen to still like, because harder. Also, what some would see as "challenging" some would see as time waster, that detract from building and killing monsters, aka 'fun'.
A QoL: let us set a 'macro' or whatever that casts all auras in a setup at once. Will it overcomplicate the UI? probably. Will I feel less stupid doing menial tasks? very likely. Too hard to code right for little gain, also prone to bugs? saddly yes. Will it stop us to clog the reddit bandwidth with QoL memes? never.
Shh, bby. It's OK. Enjoy this age and leave it to next generations to worry about it. Unless we send ourselves back to stone age with nuclear/electronic/biological weapons, scientific breakthroughs will keep happening; and there are many areas where we can get % improvements.
[Better article here](https://www.ucdavis.edu/news/worlds-first-1000-processor-chip) &gt; The fabrication was sponsored by the Department of Defense and ... For something like this they found sponsors.
IBM are aimed for corporate and industrial specialised 'vaporware'. While we are stuck in console vs PC or Intel vs AMD debates on internet, they milk the corporate and government sector. We, home users, don't need their expensive revolutionary specialised prosessors because we would just use it to browse reddit and photoshop images; which 'specialised' isn't for.
&gt; in capitalism people will lie, cheat and steal to get ahead. this is human nature, not capitalism. Everybody lied, cheated and stole at one point in life. Mother nature, everyone. No need to worship her. It just *is*.
&gt;You can play the game, make wonky builds and clear in the way/speed you want. &gt;You don't need to play CoC, you don't need to play 12 hours a day to have fun. &gt;Play for fun, not to complain. Thing is this part is inherent to being an online game with community attached to it. you kind of learn sooner than later that your build sucks, your grinding takes too long and you are alone and you have no friends to hook you up. &gt; The whole idea is to build up your character and become godlike. Being godlike is fun for like 1 hour, give or take. I do like clear speed builds. Gives a sense of progression and speed, good for adrenaline and focus. I don't like spikes in FPS and damage. Now you are ass blasting whole map and next second you are dead. Clear speed is nice, but when you one shot creeps and bosses before they can do one action is... boring?
More like, some show pain, some don't.
