Owens promo was brilliant. Cena's promo was good until Cena hit Owens with the "your words aren't fight Owens fight...your words are never give up" Basically: just like I inspire your son, I inspire you too
Some people are just always gonna have a stick up their ass about Cena. He's a super hero. He gives hope. Kevin Owens is almost a man because he doesn't believe in superheroes. He doesn't believe in unconditional hope...which is what children do. It's fairy tales vs reality.
Cena wasn't calling him a bitch because of some perceived physical inadequacy. Cena is calling Owens a bitch because Owens has a problem with giving hope and believing in fairy tales
I'm ready to spend 10 hours of my life clearing out the metro tunnels to see if they're all connected
No thanks. Currently have that situation with the flyers. Having guys who are past their prime and preventing new guys from getting playing time is a hindrance. All time eagle. Perfectly timed departure
They were high on Jarret. It didn't work out
If chambers ever figures out how to keep Philly guys from going to Cuse and go to State, PSU has a chance. As it stands now, I don't think Penn State gets close unless they can get guys like the Morris bros
I find it a bit worrisome that eagles fans have to demonize someone and just can't accept that he left. Bring on the downvotes. Dude just wanted to get paid and went to the highest bidder. He can still be one of the best eagles of all time and the guy who left for money
Wasn't a reference to you. Was reference the downvotes I'm getting for speaking the truth
Andy MacDonald and Lecavalier. MacDonald was a terrible contract but Lecavalier is the risk you run with a guy like Dawkins. If you pay them, and they are past their prime, it's a terrible contract that ways you down and prevents you from developing younger guys.
Macdonald definitely held back a guy like Gus (but I guess the flyers mismanaged Gus from the start). Lecavalier definitely held back Akeson from developing
I was truly expecting Iverson as the front page player for us
Is there any chance, that if he owned up to it, people would be like "aight"?
CRUEL, but good word use
The arena will be made mostly of MCW's bricks?
Operation Shade commence
I'm hoping so. Only 2 weeks until draft
I don't feel bad for Tampa because of years of brig forced to watch that horrid trap. If you sit on a lead, you're gonna have a bad time On the other hand...fuck the Hawks. I'm conflicted
At some point you get to dap up Malik rose...so that's worth something
Tell you what: I'll give you kimmo in his prime if you don't score that short side goal on Leighton
Cleveland really needs Kyrie. That depth is already thin
Nope. Never
Maybe. I've tried to block those things from my mind
Looks like a giant nug of weed, honestly
I honestly don't believe that the show writers ever gave Stannis a fair shot. And to those who say that since Stannis killed Renly, he's not afraid to kill his kin: Renly walked away from Stannis. He was a threat and an enemy that was pleaded with. He was not the heir to the throne. Go away
It took everything to go the Cavs way (curry shooting like crap, team over performing) for the Cavs to win in OT. I just don't see them doing it for 3 more games
Thought Cena was great on commentary. That match was pretty damned good. Think about it: John Cena was asked to step aside while Neville and Owens fought it out
More like: you beat me. Congrats. Your first match. Stop acting like an entitled prick. You're new here to the WWE. And I'm gonna beat some experience into you
I was kind of surprised when lebron tackles curry on those last possessions and they spin it as "curry ran into lebron"
You'll find other frat bros at your job if you look hard enough. Or a sorority sister. I've come across more sisters in the after life, tbh
Did I just hear tanks?
We think Embiid has the range...if the foot holds up we'll know next year
Don't see him falling to the Knicks. Could mean that Hinkie has told Russell that we're going with him and no reason to try out
I SUPPORT THE DUBS BRO ALL HAIL DRAY DRAY
I'll worry when the timeline is announced.
No. For that 16 hours there was a full on question of the rebuild, though
It's said that on a lonely summer night you can hear Clips fans still saying "he'll break out this game"
Dude...not to be a dick, but there's literally 20 point guard better than MCW in the NBA. Getting that lakers pick for him was huge. Dude's shot is forever broken. Hell, Embiid's foot has a better chance of being fixed than MCW's shot
I just wouldn't put too much emphasis on losing MCW. Without improved shooting ability, dude will struggle to start in the NBA
I really liked this match. Both looked really good
Well Cleveland, half your army deserted you but you still kept on fighting. I can appreciate that. Fought hard as fuck until the last man. Cheers to you. See you next year, fam
I'm not really sold on Lavine. Embiid's status is still uncertain. Wolves are better right now, and it's not even close. But if Embiid plays and ends the season healthy, it tips to the Sixers. If Embiid doesn't play this year, Wolves are clearly better for the foreseeable picture until perhaps next year. If the Lakers ends up picking 4-8 that's big for the Sixers. Right now, Wolves are better. Sixers are rolling the dice though and could be better by season's end
I'm gonna start off with the fact that I'm a huge Sixers fan. But I'm gonna put my bias aside: Wiggins is a big deal. KAT is going to be a big deal. Rubio can't shoot the ball but his job is to distribute. Anthony Bennett still has potential. Zach Lavine is whatever, but he would be the second best (active) player on the Sixers right now. It's very possible that Saric doesn't come over until 2017-2018, where he would get a fresh deal that's not influenced by the rookie scale. Embiid can be the best player on either team, but I need to see him finish the season. With his navicular bone intact. Like I said, Wolves and it's not close right now. But the Sixers have some very interesting dice rolls coming to them in the next couple of years that could make them better than the Wolves
this is the closest thing I have to basketball for a week. the stream is definitely interesting
We may not be good on the court, but we will certainly look the best
They all look good, but that white one's the best
the white one looks so damned fresh. i love all three. i want to buy one, I'm just hesitant on who to get because, ya know, Hinkie
NOLA does look pretty sweet, not gonna lie
you know, maybe it because I literally spent fall/winter/spring watching those goons, but I think at least one of them can develop into a role player. Jakarr started to look better down the stretch. Canaan is whatever and I hear good things about McRae. We'll see
and Clips. Even if Bennett won't be good, the Wolves still have the clear cut edge
See I think Towns will be much better than Russell.
What if we're just willing to eat contract for your first?
I'd like to see Jimmy Butter or Kawhi on the squad. We have lots of space and lots of money. Hell jimmy, we will give you a short contract and then some
Hopefully the 11-15 range
Which is fine. We along with every other team is going to make sure you do it, though
And absent from A's games
I thought Iggy was Lebron's father
Noel and Russell, hopefully
it has a lot to do with the fact that southern middle pennsylvania is a stone's throw away from central west virginia, central maryland, and northern virginia. that mix just cant be good I think the Gettysburg area televises Nationals games, to give you a perspective
We got you
http://31.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m63za5QTnB1rrnutco1_500.gif
Nobody of consequence has wanted to play for Philadelphia for quite some time. The tank is literally the only shot we have at winning a title in the next 10 years
I expect hinkie's blackberry to be charged up Thursday night. Getting that 30th pick for David Lee seems like a no brainier
PG-D'Angelo Russell SG-Jimmy Butler SF- Robert Covington PF - Nerlens Noel C - Joel Embiid 6th- Dario Saric Next year the Sixers trade their pick and OKC's pick for Butler's contract. They have LA's 5th pick and The Heat's 12th pick
Honestly I think a top 5 pick and a mid range pick could get it done for Butler if Chicago couldn't resign him
I feel pretty good about it, honestly. Or about as good as someone can feel when the lottery becomes their playoff season. But if I'm being real the thing that scares me the most are the Lakers potentially getting Cousins. That will keep me up at night
As long as you guys suck next year, do whatever
nah, I watched my team for probably 78/82 games. Wickud generalization though, bro
ya know it wasn't as bad as people think. You just adapt a different mindset, and instead of looking for team wins you look at things like player development, who had a good game, who is making major progress on their game. I'm not going to lie to you, some games do get out of hand. The texas triangle absolutely murdered us last year and those games were not pretty to watch
I'll be impressed if David Lee isn't a Sixer by the end of the night
Trust me: if it's between ESPN taking a shit on our plan or Magic not mentioning us, I'll take Magic not mentioning us
Has the shade been dispensed?
Sixers Knicks rivalry...its on bitches
I'll be looking forward to it
if you're not happy with Okafor, I don't know what to tell you. Dude legitimately presents 5 wins easy by himself. Sixers have the potential to be a 30 win team this year
Embiid does provide spacing, but he wont be providing spacing for perhaps another year, if at all. The Hinkie press conference didn't shed any light on the situation, which seems ominous
it takes a decent jump, but I think we're not looking at the immediate push that Okafor brings. Next year he will be better than half the centers in the East on day 1. He is going to push around guys like Olynyk, (whoever the Knicks have), Brooklyn's C and it's going to be a bloodbath. the Sixers won 18-19 games last season after starting out the season 0-26? that means they ended the season 18-38? Let's experiment for a second and say that instead of being 0-26 they went something like 7-19, which is still horrible. that makes them a 25 win team without Okafor. 30 wins is very attainable, barring injury
Right? It's more attainable than we think
"I'm part machine, mother"
Absolutely
That's my bad. So out of their first 17 games maybe they go 5 and 12 instead of 0-17. That brings them up to 24 wins. 30 is possible this year
Does it look bad? Absolutely. But I'd trade in a good reputation for a centerpiece to build around
Noel looks good. Okafor I'm confident will look good. Embiid is definitely a toss up. I'll take a shitty reputation and Okafor/Noel/Embiid than a good reputation and Andrew Bynum/Evan Turner/Spencer Hawes Be happy that the lottery balls bounced to your favor and you got a generational talent on your hands. Davis is already a monster and he's not in his prime yet But don't think for a second I wouldn't screw other organizations in the NBA over for a shot at another guy like him
I'll take being the most hated team in the league with assets over the most liked team in the league with no cornerstone. The nba doesn't give out championships for being the most likable bunch. The Pistons literally beat the shit out of people. And everyone says that so and so has a poor reputation until they need us to absorb salary cap
The Lakers didn't want you, dude. They took Russell instead. They decided that he was going to rebuild their franchise, not you
Gonna let you know: I have the Wiz really high in the East. Big things happening for you guys. Looking forward to the 6ers Wiz games next year
Gotta be the best at something
6ers have to utilize that cap space
"Shitting on the Sixers is so hot right now"
With average NBA guards this Sixer team is an 8th seed
You might be getting downvoted for being a fan of both
Oh dude, I don't have a problem with it. But this sub likes mocking the Sixers and Knicks
Lavine seems happy now, or at least hides his attitude better. 19 year olds are gonna be 19. They soon find out that not every high prospect gets to play in LA
There's nice spots in Philly. Northern Liberties is turning into a hip spot
That's a top 5 pick, a top 10 pick, a top 20 pick and Wroten? Seems like really bad value for Philly, who still has holes to fill in in addition to Butler. I think you go OKC and LA pick, but that's it
Most definitely. He's young. He's gonna learn
What about this guy, Sixers fans?
AD had the best recurring jokes and it's something I can constantly go back to Her, George Michael's sword fighting video, etc
LA has the better future. Boston got too good and put themselves out of the lottery, which killed their chances of acquiring someone like Okafor. Russell is better than any prospect Boston has or will have in the near future (assuming that Brooklyn doesn't bottom out and those unprotected picks soar in value)
Cena's championship open has provided a guarantee of an exciting match more often than not. Not a good idea right now
