A slag tag?
I think that would be pretty easy! If I wanted to use the internet I could easily keep myself entertained with youtube/wikipedia/whatever for a day.
What would be a better choice?
Sideburn Sid. He was called Glenn and he lived on the army base with a load of huge snakes. Or the kid who used to pass out every time we did sex ed or anything even remotely related to genitals or reproduction. Poor bastard.
Yeah why those other guyz gotta bring the Pit down?!
A time where I need the money for something essential.
My farts.
There was a guy....I want to say Ben, here who slept with Peaches Geldof and posted pictures. I believe they took heroin together too. I would link but I just tried and got some pretty NSFW results so no dice.
A place to share and discuss almost anything online.
I think there should be a name for when you see like more than one bird. I suggest Fluck.
Why don't you guys have squash? Or why isn't it more common? Shit is tasty and pretty healthy and noway near as dull as water.
Ah you met Paul Moore, yeah he is kinda androgynous.
Has anyone really been far as decided to use even go want to do look more like?
Why use that word if you are going to have to explain it anyway?
Sorry I meant the drink, like cordial.
She...?
I did the same recently, someone pointed it out to me so thought I would do the same as I actually didn't realise!
It doesn't get read. Well it might, but it's not guaranteed which is why they suggest you don't.
OK well I ask because hopefully that might give you some insight into how he feels. He obviously likes those body types (as you like tall guys) but the fact that you aren't that exactly type isn't necessarily an issue, as his height isn't for you.
The best one hit wonder IMO: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ
Google. &gt; -inurl:(htm|html|php) intitle:”index of” +”last modified” +”parent directory” +description +size +(wma|mp3) “Nirvana” Swap Nirvana for the band you want.
8 fingers and 1 thumb. I originally wrote 2 thumbs but realised I actually only use my right thumb for spaces, the left one is doing nothing!
ME?!
Shia.
Yeeah.
Marilyn Monroe is my guess.
All kinds of ways, reddit can be helpful - what sort of holiday are you hoping to take?
/r/IdLikeToKnowMoreAbout/ It's not actually interesting...yet.
I think you need Rick and Morty in your life, seems like you would enjoy it.
*This comment can only be viewed from IP Addresses from within Clark County, Nevada*
Hey I have seen you make this joke before!
Avatar and Titanic - showing audiences something they haven't seen before. Avengers - many popular characters with massive and loyal fans from various age ranges yet generic enough to appeal to others as an light action movie.
Clowns. I never really believe people when they say this, just think they are acting up for whatever reason.
Encarta.
Wiping your bum.
Well that depends, what time of day is it?
I admit I find that a little odd.
Do you like them or is it a convenience based diet?
What's American Cheese?
...Nookie?
Is that pickle as in gherkin or pickle as in chutney?
Where do you live and what makes it safer to eat there than elsewhere? Is that all meats or just certain ones?
Where do you come from?
The name Ants on a Log is so great. Not only because it does actually look like that, but it just has a nice flow/feel to it - not sure what the word I am looking for is. That guy said Cellar door was good but I prefer Ants on a Log.
And is she open to such things? I think you are eventually going to struggle if sex is off the cards but perhaps if you guys can explore alternative that will help.
Or China! Or Nigeria!
Sounds risky!
Bruce.
3 cups. One upon waking up, as in I literally press go on the machine by my bed and drink it while coming back to my senses. This is at 7:30. Then I get one from the coffee bar at work at around 10am (with my Marmite toast), just a regular sized black Americano. Then my 3rd is usually around 3pm, another black Americano at work.
A job for a company that has offices all over the world. I am currently trying to transfer from England to Australia.
Rad poisoning.
There is no magic, no. They are all tricks.
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy works really well, maybe because it was originally started as a radio play.
Have sex with them.
Hunting?
The first time he did it - kinda pissed off and disappointed but sort of understood. Well she screwed him over pretty bad and he came back and all was good. Then he did it again with the next girl and that was pretty much it for me, haven't seen him since another mates wedding last year. I think it's a pretty shitty personality trait so it's his loss I guess, he has to live with it.
...not really.
A red light stops almost everyone but often people will blow through zebra crossings and the like so if someone stops and waits patiently for you and you raise a hand in thanks it's all good. Of course you aren't obliged to and nobody would really mind if you didn't, but it's courteous to.
Yeah I think we should probably use the correct interpretations, so cool.
Yeah but there is a grey area, some people will only stop if you are actually on it, some will stop if you are approaching etc. The law very rarely has to get involved in this interaction so a small bit of courtesy is fine with me. Being polite and courteous isn't really about *having* to do it.
You think I am coming across mad? That's odd.
Sunshine.
[Norwegian Recycling - Miracles](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i9qW6HEBo_c&amp;list=QL&amp;feature=BF) How can that not work!? Edit: Another great one: [Arrested Development - People Everyday](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a_4Y7Cei_bw)
Here is an /r/askscience post on this topic: [Why does coffee make you have to poop?](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/1qb3x3/why_does_coffee_make_you_have_to_poop/)
A basic tool kit.
I think it's odd that everyone assumes they have those cars to be flashy or whatever. Maybe they like driving? Maybe they enjoy the performance?
Daily post.
I think that's fine. It wouldn't be my choice but I am probably less content in life and well balanced than this dude, he seems happy going to Butlins!
Someone asked about coffee a few hours ago, am I missing something? Anyway, 3 cups of coffee a day for me. One upon waking up, as in I literally press go on the machine by my bed and drink it while coming back to my senses. This is at 7:30. Then I get one from the coffee bar at work at around 10am (with my Marmite toast), just a regular sized black Americano. Then my 3rd is usually around 3pm, another black Americano at work.
Well that will probably take you more time but OK. Edit: Such a strange thing to downvote.
Why German?
Not really no.
Wrong thread?
Just you guys and N.Korea I think!
And then he woke up, and died.
Goats.
Oh yeah, really lame!
It's like paper, but for you snads!
Derek Paravicini. &gt; Paravicini was born extremely prematurely, at 25 weeks. His blindness was caused by oxygen therapy given during his time in a neonatal intensive care unit. This also affected his developing brain, resulting in his severe learning disability. He also has autism. &gt;He has absolute pitch and can play a piece of music after hearing it once. He began playing the piano by the age of two when his nanny gave him an old keyboard. His parents arranged for him to attend the Linden Lodge School for the Blind in London. On his introductory visit to the school, in the music room he broke free from his parents, then headed straight for a piano being played, and then pushed the player, Adam Ockelford, aside to take over. Ockelford encouraged him and arranged first weekly and then daily lessons. Aged seven, Paravicini gave his first concert in Tooting Leisure Centre in South London. [etc.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Derek_Paravicini)
I would have said Crocodile.
Are you saying people actually make use of their guts as handles during intercourse? It sounds like that's what you saying but...surely not?!
Why would you want him back beak-less? That's like 50% of the toucan.
I think many places would be find with the beard, but it might not be worth the risk. If you are struggling to find work you really don't want to give anyone an excuse not to hire you.
What did you think she meant?
Well of course, it's nice to have the basic tools to have a go though I think.
Anna Faris.
Nothing, you just work with people you don't bet on with. There are billions of other people out there, I am sure you would get on with some of them!
Cockapoo. My ex's mum was allergic but had one of these, they don't malt which helps a lot. Plus they are cute as fuck.
I just don't really mind being single, I guess. I don't trust myself in a relationship as I don't really know what I want and often am too independent and it just causes issues.
It being sunny. So rare here in the UK and it really makes my day so much better when the sun is shining. You guys in sunny places better appreciate it!
No more fairy bread for me!
True! Scrum halves I have played with have always been short yet formidable guys. Rugby is great in that pretty much any size of person can play a key role.
Come at me bro.
What are you thoughts regarding raising your kids with both parents but possibly unhappy vs raising your kids with divorced parents?
Have you been told not to discuss anything relating to the case?
What made you select that as the laptop you wanted?
Do you not think there is some aspect to it where people might not hit on those they perceive to be more attractive than them?
I have read some of the books and actually like that the show is different. It keeps things interesting.
Plus the factions.
This is about 10 minutes from my house! Yay?
