Do this for yourself. Then teach your kids to do this for themselves.
So
A needle pulling thread.
I think that archeologists in the future will know how to click the link and read.
Not too many beaches here. ;)
While the statement is not incorrect, it is misleading by implying that it is unique to bald eagles. Other birds do this too.
Hippocryt - you voted for Obama without seeing his ;)
Just a little more patience is required
I believe that in winter months ceiling fans should spin one way, and in summer months the other way around. In the southern hemisphere it's just the opposite.
Just be certain to use the correct amount of spice - it can be lethal when done incorrectly.
Was subtly implying that you change the direction in winter months, but winter is in different months depending on your hemisphere.
Thanks for pointing that out /s
Photographer - insisted nobody else takes ANY pictures during the ceremony, including pointing fingers in guests faces to get them to stop.
I'm trying to make a reasonable decision about this topic, but I can't help wondering how many lobbyists are posting in this thread (and do I trust their statements to help guide my opinion?)
Nothing. Doing something to make you feel cool is a false sense of coolness - it's an attempt to fit in. Be who you are, respect yourself, and if others don't accept you that way, then find new friends.
Difficult to get born this way.
To fit into my skinny jeans.
&gt; cougars You talking about his wife?
It's so hot.!
Bowel
Now I have another reason to travel across the pond.
You out there feeding Ogopogo?
Cats in the cradle - Harry Chapin
Great igredients.
Regularly. Dreams are a time travel mechanism - pay attention to them so you can be adequately prepared. Distinguishing time travel dreams from the soap operas and cartoons is the real challenge. Edit: how else do you explain deja vu?
PSA - should be done by OP
I started reading that on a recent south west flight (free to read from their in flight library over wifi). Very interesting book, about to get that from my local library.
Tallahassee
Nice, his website still says 145. "Homes for the Holidays (HFTH) has made homeownership more affordable for 145 single parents and over 380 dependents since 1997."
Wonderful!
If Cozumel is your port please be aware that you'll need to take a ferry to the mainland and back. If your tour gets delayed for whatever reason and you don't get back on time, on a private tour there is a great risk of getting left behind by the cruise line. There was a recent nightmare of a story on here by a couple of what it ended up costing them. It's a gamble. Edit: link: https://m.reddit.com/r/Cruise/comments/3vsy9u/cruise_left_without_us_we_did_everything_we_could/
That's in poor taste.
Well done
Call Jack Bauer and tell him, "they are at it again"
Consistency in discipline and rewards. Edit: note that this helps to raise good children, but not so good adults.
CAG picked up ref whistle - really loud.
Reply, thanks, I don't do chemistry anymore (obviously, maybe this is why)
The wide ones are more widely used (like your mother).
Just as long as you know the real word is plumbum.
You have a fixation. At least it's hard as rock.
No, bulldogs get cuter when they are angry. Definitely bulldogs here.
100 pennies. Edit: (USA) but you need to buy them at a place that deals in bulk.
Say nothing, only do this: https://33.media.tumblr.com/068a1bfef9307bf0f4a2b9e427783c9b/tumblr_inline_n39bvlQ8fu1sy58sb.gif
I don't know for certain, but I think you are asking the wrong crowd if they've heard of reddit or not.
Get out of the house and get some excercise.
By caring about the customer, and looking at the job function from the manager's and owner's perspective.
By running it through the card reader.
Popcorn, reheat, and hot pocket (because hot pockets are NEVER the right temperature for me)
Then stop reading it. You must be in the market of giving advice - the truth hurts.
The window treatment industry. You know, blinds, curtains, and shades.
Nobody will be sorting his tattoo. However, I do agree with you in the use of that date format when coding.
Thank you - I couldn't tell much from that psychedelic cartoon.
Alrighty then.
I didn't recognize your number. Next time let me know who you are (especially if you have a new phone that won't be in my contacts)
Sushi.
Thanks for the genuine show of sympathy.
I think they get a day at sea, and they get to keep their lives. Edit: I would hope they get refunded the port fees that weren't used.
Christians have the same challenge. Unfortunately wherever you have people you also have orifices.
Just not everyday. Once is enough.
I could be motivated to stop saying that. Tell you what ... on my next one I won't say it. I could even be motivated to edit this one out.
I know nothing. Just leaving room for the unknown.
I understand you may not be near a computer to google, or have a smart phone with search capabilities, so I'll leave you with this: http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=crackalackin Click that link when you get connected to the internet.
2:30 am telephone call, from Hillary Clinton, a campaign call 4 years ago, which was sped up so that it wouldn't take a long. She sounded almost like Minnie Mouse. But a phone call at that time of day - the mind always thinks the worst news.
Not without having booked a cabin.
Something is wrong with your sofa. Where are all the beak prints?
She stepped on a crack. Edit: Yes, I do realize there is a slope there causing her ankle to turn.
So then we have a solution - domesticate them ALL and put them in cages, that'll show them (sarcasm)
Some people are going to have a really hard time with this (understatement)
You must be looking for people to say "Reddit"
That brings tears to my eyes.
I think it would be bloody good for all the narcissists to know that "hardly anybody is thinking of you except YOU." Everyone else has more important things to think about.
Or sentences that start with "So."
Our avian vet told us if our birds ever do that to get them to her asap so she can give a shot of calcium supplements. Apparently most bird diets (we do mostly pellets) are not high enough and it could lead to complications.
Oh, I know. Lots of great communities near there that are more affordable. No way I'd consider buying a house in Boulder. The weather and outdoor activities there are amazing (even in winter).
I hope she shaved too.
Yeah, take your elephant for a walk around the neighborhood, and push a wheelbarrow and carry a shovel to clean up. No thanks. You know that sometimes they through poop with their trunks, right? I ain't cleaning up after a pet like that, or load it up in the car to take it to the vet, to be neutered or for shots. And no way to go on vacation, because who can you get to care for your friend while you're out? Cute idea, but not for me. I'm sure my wife would be first in line to get one though.
Exactly. His computer listens and he basically said "file, new universe, defined the array sizes, and started drawing things"
He was male because he had a choice - He didn't want to deal with menstrual cycles, or menapause. Really, if you had a choice wouldn't you want to pee standing up?
LED or incandescent?
Well it ticked my grandfather off to go liberate France while his french buddies sat at home. I had no idea the French hated their french motherland so much. Thanks for clarifying.
An almost empty roll of toilet paper.
They are as capable of opening my mail as I am.
K Edit: I didn't see the "r" in your name until after I posted (morning eyes)
There's a picture of one being made here: http://m.imgur.com/gallery/ddD35/new
I believe you can get 20-25 mbps from centurylink througn nettally. They are great to deal with. Don't expect much of an upload speed from DSL though, but perhaps you won't need that. Not many choices here. I used nettally for 15 years. Happy happy happy. Switched to comcast last month. Already had 6 outages and have talked to staff more times than I talked to nettally in 5 years time.
Don't forget to add an IOmega zipdisk drive.
https://news.google.com/newspapers?nid=1350&amp;dat=19620312&amp;id=hcROAAAAIBAJ&amp;sjid=MAEEAAAAIBAJ&amp;pg=2107,1378853&amp;hl=en
I'm glad you clarified that - when I read the title I thought you wanted to listen to a book that was different from the one you were reading.
... and I often get my apostrophes correct too!
As a Canadian, I'm sorry for the excessive apologies in this thread.
It's also used for Mickey mouse cartoons.
No, Jews use piglets. Southern Baptists usually use fried chicken, Roman catholics do fish, and Hindi throw cows. Raw chicken is Anglican.
2 : Bert and Ernie
Good timing
Examine the code in the clock app, because it has a bug. Edit: if it turns out to be a feature then find a way to exploit it
"You deserve a break today" is not a slogun from Hardee's or Carl's.
Great hang time
The DNC did more damage to the election and democracy than Russia.
That's some fast mud slingin'
That's great, my birds don't let me put hats on them. Not even with MS Paint.
