The mouse when you are watching a movie or youtube video and the person who put it on left the mouse in the middle of the screen.
Too literal man.
Black and White 1 (Never played 2 not sure about them) had a solid route if you pay good attention. You can go back and forth with a volcarona for ez hatching. I also liked to go to the train station and run by putting a small rock on b and right.
UGH! Another 2 rival game? What ever happened to the one solid rival in R/B/G/Y, G/S/C, or D/P/other P? I'm okay with Black and White One because Bianca and Cheren were fleshed out, but the other multi rival games were weak in comparison.
Yeah, being a 9 year old with Diamond, I picked Infernape and proceeded to always died on Bertha
Same, it took me 2 years to beat her and my parents grounded me when I beat her so I had to wait a week to go to the endgame shit.
How didn't ya make it? Those were 2 pretty easy games, did you just not have the time?
I love how I am the only one who said anything from gen 5 besides Cynthia (Undella Town)
I watched for 8 innings, nothing too eventful. LOOK AT MY PHONE FOR 3 MINUTES AND 6 rUNS!
Mine was 2003
HEY LOOK! A FOREIGN CHILD WITH A NAME THAT SOUNDS SIMILAR to V****! LETS MAKE FUN OF HIM OVer SoMEthiNG he cAN'T cOntroL!
Except for the first and last ones, the rest sound like problems with the family and not the couple itself
Well, all the asians in my class get straight A's... You guys are fucking smarter than us, of course they give ya'll higher marks
Good idea, can I use this too?
SOMEBODY GIVE THIS MAN A GOLD
&gt;... and his strong desire to be a swinger (a person who partakes in sexual activities with many partners, not a person who dances to swing music). SO THATS WHAT NOGLA WAS TALKING ABOUT!
Things like running around and killing cops as a squad are pretty fun...
Rest in peace. It was a good win streak. It bought joy to many lives. Let us remember Jakey A's streak 2015-2016
Diamond/Pearl are fun and more challenging to Nuzlocke than Platinum, so I would keep that in mind if you are going to do those
That's why I always count when the movie says an even will happen in *x* seconds. I love it when it is withing a second or so.
Polynesia, when he is landlocked he is like a pet.
I am trying for this too. You need no wheat, Desert Folklore, and William on a Sandblasted map. YOU BECOME GOD! My science is literal ages above everyone else, and my religion gave city states and orgy
No, I mean blowpops, they're lolipops with gum in the center, and the gum ruins it.
Really no problem, I just wanted to make a point on how it is one of the best lollipop flavors and the gum ruins it prematurely.
If you don't have the funds to join the Middle East server, joining a bar guild and achieving the "bouncer" rank will let you get random PvP events
It should be an hour, your eyes don't adjust to darkness for 40ish minutes.
False, Peeves listens to the Bloody Baron.
You can get a garchomp in victory road.
For 3 years, every Friday, I would get pan friend perch at the Mill in Door County WI.
Only between different countries or media.
*Pictures OP with 100 women packed into a 4 door* *Shudders*
No, Aussies want 100 jars of piss. (TF2)
Canada is the nice one, not Minnesota
I dunno.
Abusing the free gold
Shadow of Colossus in general
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Me too
The fuck did I just read?
No, they can't, I spend time in a rural area, and it takes 40 minutes looking at the sky before I see most of the stars
Wait, why am I being downvoted when there is no downvote button?
It really wasn't that bad, it took a lot of grinding, but was a good game. The 3rd one was the end IMO.
I know, he wasn't DFA-ed at the time I said this, and I wasn't sure if we would give someone else. I must have not mentioned it. It was early when I posted it.
Argo gives his life to save you.
I didn't hear that until after the thread was posted.
1: I have a neighbor who has two wild young kids, so maybe Venice, the parents chill and do one thing, while the kids mess around and do other shit. So Venice. 2: My other neighbor is an anti social asshole who never shovels their driveway/sidewalk, ect. They would be Dido or Nebuchadnezzar
More plz
No, I've been told by many doctors I have great eyes. I have a house on Lake Michigan, and when I sit on the beach away from all light but the stars, it takes a while for my eyes to see ALL the stars, I always see the brighter ones, but it takes about 1/2 an hour to see most of the stars.
I would say this is worse because any navy can easily attack it from 3 sides. Plus that's less workable tiles in the beginning
Undertale, it's so much better blind.
The "YOU CAN DO IT!" Guy. I don't even know his name.
What about when it was the beta and it was just the two beta testers and all the NPCs?
Actually, the unconscious debuff is a myth. It actually forces you to "sleep" if your "pain" factor is greater than your "pain tolerance" stat.
Thanks. So they were so stupid, not only did they think the world was actually ending, but they also got the wrong date!
This is me in a nutshell, " When are the Cubs playing? *Looks at schedule* OFF DAY? *Mopes around all day*
Teams like you make the world a better place. Thank you. but you better not take 1st in the mlb or we will destroy you. One. Run. At. A. Time. Thank you!
As a Cubs fan, we hate the mets. I want to thank all you beautiful people. Can I get an up vote for more Mets destruction?
That should be a scenario. I love it.
Even better, they can't put a ranged unit in the city.
Chicago/Atlanta fans upvoted
I see you have never played Sandstorm William, and gotten Petra
The American government Source: American teen who can't vote until 2020.
Yeah, millenial here, I am a teen and can't vote until 2020. How am I ruining the country?
To be fair, online, us millenials are assholes. I have been insulted many times by people who are doing worse than me in a game, just to stroke their egos like mommy did.
Nothing about Gen Z here. Pretty much everything millenial can be multiplied and added to us. As ridicule from the millenials. FUUUUUU...
Or when they say "You should have gone during the break" when you have to run across the school and still are nearly late.
Yeah, but it works for about 3 days at a time.
Twinkies are the once exception.
Yeah. I used the steam winter sale to get my complete edition
150hrs here. 400 turns because I wanted to go for a nuke X com to get a domination victory.
Don't forget destroying improvements, earthquakes affect larger areas than 1 hex
Precisely
So many downvotes
I believe we should be equal. I understand women have it worse. All the feminists I see act like they should be superior. I do not think we will ever have true equality. There will always be rape, both genders will suffer from it. There will always be abuse, both genders suffer from it. More men serve in the military in USA. More women get custody in divorce cases. There are many more examples to compare and contrast from. We will never be truly equal. But I will certainly try to make the world better for women in the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd worlds. And no, I am not an anti feminist. I consider myself a feminist, just not a third wave feminist. (Who are the extremists who want female superiority)
I should give you gold. Sorry I'm poor.
Even though I was 10 when they hit, I never really saw them for years afterwards. I got my first phone 2 years ago, I vividly remember when my friends would run around and our parents wouldn't care, and nowadays I think it sucks that I had to get Skype to talk to my friends outside of school or sports.
I remember when I found leftovers as a kid in Village Bridge in my copy of Black, when I reset I went back there and didn't realize it was RNG. I checked trash cans for 2 hours.
England? (I finally joined one of these!)
XCOM is the best unit that doesn't require resorces. It's only beaten by the GDR in strength, and not by much.
I played a game against him once, I made a nemesis out of him, stole the cities he was taking over with XCOM. (I was two eras ahead) I then nuked all his cities and forced him to backstab his only friend to stay alive. His empire is reduced to one city and a pile of ash when I razed everything he owned. Then I took over the last capital with a nuke and XCOM and won EZ
Damn Rome. You want to play a peaceful game and he backstabs you. You go to war at his request and he doesn't help. He spams cities and religion. He asks for open borders and iron and horses for open borders
Britain didn't want to be stuck with poor economy choices of other countries. So they left so they could dodge inflation.
Good job, grinding is key, that and building a solid team early.
/r/outofcontext
I didn't know that. I heard people who picked up CIV v had a tough time with espionage so I assumed it was new in Civ V
Username checks out
Today's trades sponsored by yesterday's Binny's.
They start ahead of you in tech. You have to rush Petra which means you get screwed somewhere else.
And/or night.
Bonkers suck. (No pun intended) they come at the worst times. Like when a bunch on little girls are sitting in your lap.
Oh I do.
UPVOTE ALL THE COMMENTS!
I slept, woke up, went downstairs, turn on the tv, see the Cubs playing, "sweet!"
Nice pick from right.
"Do you think he wants this? Eh, Wynaut"
I lost connection and it counted me as abandoning. Should I be banned for an hour for Valves server crapping out?
GIMME 20 DOLLAS!
PLEASE!
YES
you triggered me.
