Did you just respond to your own comment
yes
Are you a Vintage player in the DC Area? NoVA resident here. I'm retired (yeah, yeah) but keep a powered cube and may be down to sling some Vintage occaisionally.
Don't know Ryan Seeley. Moved here a year ago and as I said, I'm mostly retired (from magic, not employment). I actually work in Vienna so maybe that would work. I'd feel weird about inviting myself to someone's house though if I didn't know the guy.
the bribes the bribes the bribes the bribes
"After months of coordinating with my super PAC, I have decided I've raise enough money to declare my candidacy..."
u wot m8
Darude you say?
So, bloodmaw?
Pls no
Potm bottom pls
http://vignette4.wikia.nocookie.net/fark/images/7/7c/Wharrgarbl.jpg
"I pass back priority."
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LHgEnN2PFzo
so say we all
this changes everything
What year is it???
dank
What kind of fire/water proof box do you use? I'm interested in protecting my collection as well.
It may be for now, at sub-70 levels. But trust me, it's not at level 70. Enjoy the game!
Dude looks like a lady
What even is this deck hahaha
-4/-4
Thanks obama
Hngggggg 50% furnace as a passive
Yeah but then you get to use another different weapon with another passive.
One of my mules is entirely dedicated to Furnaces. I have 19.
Any apologetic used to excuse the Civil War and the Confederate battle flag (state's rights, economic concerns, southern heritage) can be easily refuted. All you have to do is point out that all of these phrases are code for institutionalized racism. &gt; The Civil War was about state's rights. &gt; That's correct. The states were upset about losing the ability to brutally practice institutionalized racism.
Implying the green line is ever something other than miserable
Darmok and Jilad at Tenagra
he real mad
If that's enough to get him to be on the right side of history, I'm okay with that.
spaghetti spaghetti spaghetti
are we memeing? halflife 3/10 did i do it right?
T_T
Huge Nerf to CoE for Saders! They gave us a cold skill! Please don't do this Blizzard!
You only have to look at my post history to see that I'm quite excited about the patch.
I'm so confused right now.
Guys I just realized I forgot about Dre.
&gt; Balance &gt; "fair" ??????
Okay, so how about running a 1-time script after downtime to upgrade all gems to the highest level of each type, on all characters (separated by season/non-season/hardcore as usual). Additionally, 2 pieces of code: every time a gem is upgraded, search through all characters and upgrade every instance of the same gem; and gems drop at the current level. That should solve the same issue.
kormac? is that you?
[MRW WHEN NO PTR](http://www.avsforum.com/photopost/data/2328830/4/4f/4f361778_960px-Shut-Up-And-Take-My-Money-1024x1280.jpeg)
You killed my father. Prepare to die.
[Shame](http://shamenun.com/)
It's a reference to Its always Sunny. I also slightly misremembered the quote. It's "That doesn't sound right, but..."
When I served on a jury I brought my own copy of Principia to swear in on.
Asking for a friend?
“October: This is one of the peculiarly dangerous months to speculate in stocks. The others are July, January, September, April, November, May, March, June, December, August and February.” -Mark Twain
&gt; Nick Bolas Not sure if autocorrect or intentional, but that's what I'm calling him from now on
Dark side lives matter
I was hoping to shake it off
Dude what
Cowabunga!
With a nice Chianti
So that episode of Black Mirror?
Good show.
Nope I no longer want to be an astronaut
Fuck you, you'll do what I tell you Fuck you, you'll do what I tell you Etc
Okay I just discovered something both amazing and awful
At least they had venge
Oh no, only $800 million dollars, how will I survive?
wow
Because fuck you, that's why. AIs will backstab you if they feel they have a tactical advantage, especially if your army is all across the map so your home territory is open.
Curing cancer as a whole won't happen, but we can certainly improve results a whole heck of a lot. There are many cancers now where a patient with a diagnosed stage 3 tumor dies of something else first, which is as good a result as anything I can think of.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GyV_UG60dD4
If I had a nickel for every pixel in that gif, I'd have a nickel.
And Synderen?
I immediately regret my decision
Why
Which deck? Why not all of them? I've been a Vintage player for about 12 years, so I've had plenty of time to foil out everything.
One of the bumpers in Neil's radio show Star Talk claimed Mike Brown as the confessor to that crime.
Really I want to know what astrologers think about this.
Generation #Hashtag, you doofus
You can't run from heaven
Best to be lucky and good though
I'm not even supposed to be here today!
I am not in finance, but iirc institutional investors control about as much stock as mom and pop. Though institutions can make coordinated big moves all at once, which may be what you're saying.
An early front runner for worst of the subreddit 2016!
Now that's a name I've not heard in a long time
GREAT TASTE
LESS FILLING
Agreed, as a 6 year Boston resident, I am amused when DC people complain about a 10 minute wait for a train.
Febtober
If Tom Hanks was marching in the military he'd be Tom Ranks.
u wot m8
I don't know how to make benches, I only work on decks
What's the exchange rate between good-boy-points and Stanley Nickels?
The bot is a spy!
boooo
"If a service is free to use, you're not a customer, you're the product."
My ideal manager is Michael Scott from The Office.
Genuine question: didn't Ford pardon Nixon without an admission of guilt?
Did you die from rabies though
I run all the swords in my cube, but they're all errated to not give protection. They're all still very good in a powered cube.
As a vintage shops player, I miss unrestricted chalice.... :'(
Damnit I never even got the chance to churn these cards, they're going to be gone by the time I can reapply for them. Sad.
You tried.
Did you work for Robert Baratheon, King of the Andals and Protector of the Realm?
Bigguth dickuth
