Somebody to actually give a Valentine to.
The Clintons
Don't worry about Trump. Worry about a bought-and-paid-for influence peddler like Hillary and her husband.
Not an excuse, but if he wasn't, he'd have been sweeping floors or pumping gas. Fascist regimes don't reward people with insufficient enthusiasm. Hell, Brett Farve caught some flack for not clapping hard enough over Caitlyn Jenner.
That or SnakeSkin dress girl got Man Hands.
Shampoo itchy? Good God, you've grabbed the bottle of Nair!
If you want to be one of the guys running things, you have to play ball no matter how loathsome the game.
No doubt. At first I thought it was a joke with the punchline after the break.
[Klaus Nomi!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d-Yrg9xNSS0)
Welcome to the New Normal.
Sir Patrick Stewart is not amused by your pathetic attempt at whimsical japery.
Is he nibbling at it?
Sure, that's part of the plan. You either build up resistance to it, or you die like a candy-ass bitch.
How much ya got?
Flying (a plane). Too damn much $$$$$.
Actors are loathe to be "typecast". Plus, every actor has the "I Am Capable Of So Much More Than Just Playing That Guy " mindset.
Are talking something like a 2-liter pop bottle? If so, just use a tap to put threads on the bottle cap and then use a fitting.
Actually, that is the sign of an evil duck.
Does this mean Donald Trump isn't a racist now?
This...this is good.
What did they say about Obama's claim that it would save people $2,500?
I actually like it. I'd totally build a house like that if I had the $$.
IT'S A TRAP!
Was that a service turkey? Jesus, hide the hors d'oeuvres!
Yeah, so is Alzheimer's. Alzheimer's is pretty bad too.
Anything, $$$.
Fat, loud women with regrettable tattoos. I'd be in heaven here if I was.
Photographer for a "classy" nude website like MET ART or FEMJOY.
All things serve The Beam.
July, 1994.
"BTW, my private jets run on unicorn farts."
Why isn't there an old hag following her ringing a bell and saying "Shame!"?
They paved Paradise, and you are stuck on the pot.
"...But that's not important now."
We would essentially be living the life of a three-toed tree sloth.
"Time to stick it to The Man!"
Nope. You call the police and request "no contact". You don't want the neighbors to know it was you that called in case they're psycho.
Stevens seems to get more snow. Snoqualmie seems to get shut down for avalanche control more often. I know that probably doesn't help much.
Michael Richards. (Kramer)
IT BURNS!
Paging Harrison Bergeron...
Tree Sloth. Don't be fooled by their cute little "Who, me?" bullshit. They have those razor sharp talons for a reason. Now imagine them swimming. BTW, Kristen Bell is a paid spokesperson who is totally in bed with Big Sloth.
Frankly, I'd choose it just so I wouldn't have to be around the noise and stress of gen-pop prison.
Impotence Resignation Acceptance Helplessness
Shut up, Uncle Daddy!
All they need to read is the OUT OF ORDER sign on the door.
You want a window? Pay up sucker!
Shouldn't they be wearing masks?
You just know that there is huge pile of empty bottles out behind the studio everyday.
WHAT ARE THOSE?!?!?!?!?!?!?
Stevie Nicks. (I'm older than you)
This why the Torah and Koran forbid eating pork. (seriously)
1.4 megabytes on a single disk!
"OK, Tom...you're a jerk with an itchy skull. Make it work."
Jerry Lewis holding a grocery bag filled with mangoes and Saran Wrap.
Porn stars that aren't all inked up.
Sorry for bothering you, *sir*.
I would really like to see some film/makeup tests with Bowie as Elrond.
Pending...
Oklahoma! Where the wind.....RUN!
Excape.
I'm old. My body is as flexible as a bowl of corn flakes. I don't even know what the fuck that means.
The Seawolf is pretty cool, but I really like the old Russian Typhoons.
Holy shit. I have just found what shall be my signature prank!
If they have trouble reading an analog clock. You, know...the kind with the big hand and the little hand. I was amazed by how many under 20's could not read it at first glance.
The Constitution is the rule book. Yes, it can be changed over time, but if a law is deemed to be in violation of it today, the law is struck down.
Yeah, I got mine that way and it works surprisingly well.
Hungarian Rhapsody. It's what they use for "Dueling Pianos".
Yes, they usually start at the 6:00 minute mark. They did that in Who Framed Roger Rabbit with [Donald and Daffy Duck.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MzxZ8qtdun0)
There was a whole bunch of those Nuclear Peril songs in the 50's. I made a playlist of them and listened to it on a road trip to check out a decommissioned Titan I missile silo in Eastern Washington.
Cranston would have been a terrific Inspector Gordon.
I always wondered what it would have been like if Elvis had been cast as Capt. Kirk in the Original Star Trek.
Ok...my mom and I used to go to the Mid-Way Swap Meet outside Seattle. Mom used to look at costume jewelry at the various stalls. Gary Ridgeway, The Green River Killer used to take jewelry from his murdered victims and sell it at the Mid-Way Swap Meet about the time we used to go there. It's quite likely that Mom may have bought something from him that came from a murdered victim. I also worked with Ted Bundy's mother.
I only ran into her a few times. She didn't bring it up and I sure didn't.
*Something, something*, gonna get shot!
"Who said that it was OK to talk to me?"
Because it's the farthest point away from the hot lava center of the Earth.
Hey, you could do worse...and often have.
Dang...she could wear those sunglasses for welding.
I remember a couple of years ago when bars were banning people from wearing Google Glass in them. Droids are the ultimate spy device.
They used to be a spy agency, but now they're a private detective agency.
The great view of it in my rear-view mirror.
That's racist!
[In The Bag. Nobody else has heard of it.](https://youtu.be/scMbNZ_f16I?t=2m12s)
The lying sacks in the Media will blame Trump and his supporters of course.
Aw, that's nice. Really. No sarcasm or underlying snark.
I thought that said "how do black broads settle their dispute".
Ryan endorsement: Meh. San Jose Riots: Support Trump just to give them the middle finger. (IF people are shown the violent acts.)
A blow from Flo?
He got drunk and wrapped his car around a telephone pole and died in Jr. year. Guy was a dick, I shed no tears.
Anything drowning in gravy.
...And then the other drivers filling up their cars started applauding and one of them was the President of Harvard and gave my son a full scholarship. He's now a surgeon for Doctors Without Borders and married to the Princess of Argentina.
And now they run a Subaru dealership in Vermont.
The Papa Murphy's Cowboy Pizza. Cook it until it's about 85% done and then turn on the broiler and watch it with the door open. When the toppings are done the way you like it, immediately remove the pizza. The top is well done and the crust will not be too crunchy. If you don't like your pizza that way, then you are dead to me.
My youth.
Shaving.
To Mom and Dad. I'm sorry that I was a disappointment to you.
They aren't called noble due to any sainted behavior, they are named that because they are noble like royalty (nobility). They are normally inert and don't work with anything.
Then it's probably the clutch on the A/C compressor. Same dynamics as the idler pulley as far as heating/expanding.
I shall name her Loopy Lupe.
