Did you see Mark Henry last night? Dude must have lost like a hundred pounds!
#2
DMC went to UK. The most un-chill place in America for basketball. NYC won't phase him at all.
Ah yes, shut down people who like to continue talking kings basketball during the offseason. Brilliant idea!
Well then, my bad! Fuck that guy!
A neutral look should also have positive statistics
It's called the front page
He's disrespecting his team, the fans, and the game when he does that shit
School, healthcare, housing, and they pay zero tax. That is why people say that. They take more than they put in.
Give it 10 years, every single destroyer will have a laser and rail gun so all ICBM/S2S/A2S missiles will be rendered completely useless.
Of course you lost the weight, you put that alligator down!
If he had enough of a sensitivity to the force to use it, I'm sure Snoke or Kylo would have sensed it.
Except it literally says "MFW"
Are you seriously trying to claim that a government agency isn't bureaucratic sprawl? What world are you living in?
rekt
no ROH unless he gets elected into the HOF. Thems the tradition therefore, Thems the rules!
no way Pagan bats 3rd * Span * Panik * Duffy * Posey * Pence * Belt * Pagan * Crawford
better than an [ass clap](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y_nlQGGtNDM)
Fingers crossed for Battlefield: Spanish-American War
Remember that time she wore a sweater?
Bay Area? I think you are thinking of the armpit area
good, get that scumbag out of here
Cap is going to die, then get resurrected during Infinity War
He is not a citizen of the United States, he is a guest. He lied to authorities, he needs to be deported. The end. We need to have a zero tolerance policy about this shit. Edit: It also says, in the third paragraph, that he went to fight with TERROR groups.
Chris Evan has said recently that he will play Cap for as long as they keep asking him
Do you know what you are talking about? Assad is bad, but he's not our problem.
The National Guard is not a police force. The FBI is what you want.
He needs to prove that he can stay healthy and be more consistent at the plate. Then their relationship will improve.
That is very well written, and statistically correct. But it doesn't solve Belt's problem. His problem is that when people hear his name, they think "is he still hurt?" and "Is he hitting well or is he in a slump?" The biggest problem for me, is that from the second he came up, all we've heard is, he's the future, and this is going to be his breakout year. His other problem is that he is in a division with A-Gon and Goldscmidt. Compared to those 2, he is underachieving big time.
I get it, I hope he does well.
http://youtu.be/SYUEjtCV1Gc
Knowing Fox, they'll cancel both shows after 10 episodes.
As long as the classic eight teams don't want it (SF, STL, PIT, CHC, LAD, CIN, ATL, PHIL) it won't ever happen. Only the new franchises would vote for it(FLA, COL, ARZ, MIL, SD, NYM, WASH.)
Ah yes, local government, destroying free enterprise one city at a time!
We're talking about Denmark. Pretty much everything is a waste of tax dollars.
If I remember correctly, there is no love lost between Obama and Hillary. I think he'd let her burn.
No way, what-so-ever, does Rawlins come back. He is out until May at a minimum.
DB was cleared by doctors! Good chance he comes back.
They look like they are for a projector
Don't call them animals! Muslims are people too!
What's so stupid about this whole thing, is that the population of the United States that is African Anerican is 12.6%. Guess what percentage of Oscar winners since 2000? 13%. Zero controversy what-so-ever.
Avery jersey, Awesome!
Watching Avery play and antagonize was the single most enjoyable period of Rangers hockey in the last 10 years. So bravo!
Exactly, when I was 10 I could do 30 pull ups easy. Once I hit puberty, I was down to 5.
It's really bad actually. Politics should stay out of the Judicial branch.
lol, I agree, but you are in the wrong sub! Hive mind liberalism here. No room for conservative ideas!
It's no secret where to find tacos y burritos
Rick Santorum was in 6th place the week before and won Iowa. That's why they are all still in it.
National polls mean nothing, they call people who have never voted and will never vote. In likely caucus voter polls,Cruz is winning.
It's not racist to not want people who will not contribute a thing.
There is also no way the SCOTUS will take this case, so this should be law going forward
That's a lot of muslims
Gypsies
Yeah, I've known disable people who were dicks and could be like that because they knew no one would do anything. I guess you get a girl to smack him?
https://www.etsy.com/search?ref=auto3&amp;q=oasis+t+shirt&amp;order=most_relevant&amp;view_type=gallery&amp;ship_to=US
Were you saying that about Trayvon Martin and MICHAEL Brown? Because the media pulled that shit with those 2 also.
That's a screwball
Un-congrats to Crosby. Douche bag.
Gay
Try to put aside your feelings and look at the numbers. He also doesn't seem like an unlikeable dick.
That one might be inappropriate!
I can see that, but the guy takes batting practice every day just like everyone else. Plus in BP he rakes.
Where is Arias when you need him?
Reliable when he is not using knives you mean
Aren't all pictures of clouds once in a lifetime?
Just use the time to make a pof and okcupid profile and start the healing process by banging some hotties!
Waaaa, get a new job. Flipping burgers is a starter job, for kids. Not a 30 year career!
They haven't. Do you know how much of a need there is for welders, or plumbers, or electricians? After 10 years they'd be pulling down 60-80k easy. But by doing that you have to work hard. By doing that you aren't perpetuating mediocrity.
What? if they serve breakfast they are open from 5/6am and dont close until 10/11pm. That is if they arent already open 24/7
I think so, if anything it's just because he married Steph
The point is, that a kid that hasn't graduated highschool can do the job. Literally anyone can do the job. Since anyone can do the job, the job has NO value. That is why it isn't worth any money
No, it will basically stop illegal immigration by crossing the boarder.
He did follow through http://www.conchovalleyhomepage.com/news/trump-to-account-for-veterans-donations
I'll have "molested by my uncle" for $200 Alex!
Oh god, so many things. The burger makers do have value. The bare minimum. Just like a bagger, just like a buss boy. Any idiot can do the job, which means any idiot will do the job. Because anyone can do the job, there is zero training involved. NO SKILL which translates to NO MONEY! It's how life is. If someone is too dumb or too lazy? It's not the governments job to pick winners and losers. It's the governments job to make sure people have equal opportunities, not equal results. Your argument about not going to places is a fallacy. I go to an establishment based on the product, not the people working there. I could give 2 craps about who or what is making my burger. Your cry for a living wage, which can and will be done by a robot, is literally going to make thousands and thousands of jobs disappear. It's already cost hundreds of jobs in Seattle. https://www.aei.org/publication/minimum-wage-effect-from-jan-to-sept-seattle-msa-restaurant-jobs-fell-700-vs-5800-food-jobs-in-rest-of-state/
Gibraltar belongs to England. They even had a vote on it in 2002. So Spain or the EU would have to physically take Gibraltar away. And that's not going to happen.
&gt; Copy paste from other reply to this; &gt; Because Catalan want's to secede from Spain and become and independent nation. Spain will do everything it can to stop this, and independent Scotland joining the EU would give Catalan a precedent - the Spanish will not allow this, thus veto Scotland.
Gibraltars importance is not its connection to Spain, it's that it is the entryway to the Mediterranean. Britain would gladly airlift supplies to do this. Plus, Spain does not have a big enough pair to try a blockade.
I doubt it's gone from 95% remain to 51% leave.
That's what they said about airlift West Berlin. Plus it's only a 1300nm boat trip. All I'm saying, is that it's possible. And that the UK has zero to worry about.
There are 40,000 unelected beaurocats in Brussles
Of course it's true. With free movement, the U.K. was accepting 3x as many immigrants as 10 years ago, with the majority of them coming from the poorest of the member states.
All of the financial stuff is a knee-jerk reaction due to the unknown. It will stabilize and the U.K. will be better in the long run.
My point is that those are British bureaucrats dictating policy to other British people. Not non-British people dictating policy to British people.
I agree. I'd like to know how many of those M-E immigrants come directly from their country, or gain citizenship to an EU member state and move to GB for the benefits.
Writing their own laws reason is stupid because I believe the UK has veto power. So any law coming out of the EU could be shut down if the big wigs wanted it to. The UK will be stronger fiscally because they will not be on the hook for Greece and Spain, and Italy, and whatever other country decides to run their selves into the ground. The EU and Obama threatening to pull away financially is all mumbo jumbo. London is arguably one of the financial capitals of the world. That is not going to just disappear. And like I said, the financial problems of the Pound dropping and the markets dropping is just uncertainty of the future. The security question is easier. The UK won't have to be the de facto protector of Europe any more, just because they have a military and aren't afraid to use it, even though they will continue to do it. Plus now their borders will be more secure because people can't just come and go anymore. Plus, lets be honest. There is zero logical advantage to allowing a 30 year old man who has lived off the governments teat in Greece his whole life, to be able to move to the UK and start living of their teat just because the benefits are better. The last reason is the most controversial but true. Culturally the UK will be stronger. A national identity and culture is a very important thing to a prosperous nation. So stopping the influx of 300,000 immigrants a year and cutting it by 60-70% will allow the UK to continue to be the UK and not just another part of Europe. I think a huge part of this whole Brexit thing was that English people started to no longer recognize their country any more. From KFC changing to all Halal chicken, to the thing in Rotherham, England where they turned their back on the child sex ring out of fear of being called racist. Then there is Londonistan. When people see huge changes really fast, they freak out. I hope this helped explain it a little
Exactly, So the UK decided to not participate anymore
In 2010, the House of Commons library published a [comprehensive analysis](http://researchbriefings.parliament.uk/ResearchBriefing/Summary/RP10-62#fullreport) of the variety of ways this percentage can be calculated. There are difficulties with all measurements, but it concluded "it is possible to justify any measure between 15% and 50% or thereabouts". So, I mean, the 60% wasn't way off of what could be true? lets look at it objectively and meet in the middle. 32.5% of British sovereignty was decided by non British people. To me, that's a huge problem. Not as much as say 60%, but political lying is literally the way things are done. I have a bigger problem with the stay people crying racism as the reason for Brexit.
Private or home school. If they go to public school, it's over
well, they do.....
What's a dick butters?
And the US military seems to be 100% of the worlds policing force. THAT, is disproportionate.
The problem with that is If the US doesn't police the world, then Russia or China do it and the US loses power and influence
Anti-fascists? Causing physical harm against people to stop them from expressing their permitted right to assemble is fascism at its core. Edit autocorrected fascism to racism. Fixed
Hate speech is protected under the first amendment. Who told you it wasn't?
the fascists were caught on camera chasing reporters, beating people with sticks, and more than one Neo-Nazi got stabbed. The fascists came looking for a fight and found one.
I'm sorry, were they looting, harassing anyone, fighting people? No. I completely do not agree with their message, but they have a constitutional and god given right to liberty. In this case, liberty is represented in their freedom of speech and freedom to assemble peacfully.
Way to pick and choose. The fighting words doctrine applies to one individual saying something to another individual. The court has continued to uphold the (fighting words) doctrine but also steadily narrowed the grounds on which fighting words are held to apply. In Street v. New York (1969),[3] the court overturned a statute prohibiting flag-burning and verbally abusing the flag, holding that mere offensiveness does not qualify as "fighting words."" Also, "In R.A.V. v. City of St. Paul (1992), the Court overturned a statute prohibiting speech or symbolic expression that "arouses anger, alarm or resentment in others on the basis of race, color, creed, religion or gender" on the grounds that, even if the specific statute was limited to fighting words, it was unconstitutionally content-based and viewpoint-based because of the limitation to race-/religion-/sex-based fighting words." And, "In Snyder v. Phelps (2011), dissenting Justice Samuel Alito likened the protests of the Westboro Baptist Church members to fighting words and of a personal character, and thus not protected speech. The majority disagreed and stated that the protester's speech was not personal but public, and that local laws which can shield funeral attendees from protesters are adequate for protecting those in times of emotional distress." So do a little reading before you spout your utterly biased bullshit.
Having an off shore tax haven isn't against the law but it's morally unsound at the least.
I'll give her the ole "downward dog"
