boots look great. waxed laces over rawhide is kooky talk, though.
Yes, but it hasn't been officially processed yet, as they said they don't refund until it officially ships, which it hasnt yet.
natty cxl is probably my favorite boot I own. If I could only pic one, I'd definitely choose it over the shell, though obviously the shell is great too.
After VAT refund the pair I just ordered from oki-ni was 225
You handled that with far more dignity and aplomb than I would have.
I find the color on these a bit confusing. Pic #6 is the only one where they look tan/brown, the rest just look grey. Would you say most of the pics are true to color?
Side 1 is a great shot.
So who's going to sack up and do what needs doing on these EG shell derbies from the MrP sale? http://www.mrporter.com/en-us/mens/edward_green/windermere-cordovan-leather-derby-shoes/465706
Way off. They're going to be in the 150-200 range for sure,
Do they have to get it right? Isn't their whole business model based on avoiding all risk by putting all the uncertainty on the customer? They get to let the product validate itself. Plus I think they have a large enough user base of fanboys who will be in for one regardless. There's just no way to make a CXL sneaker for under $100 and still have room for profit though.
These look great! The last definitely reminds me of the OSB trench, but for half the price it seems like a great buy. The stitching all looks super tidy, and it has a great matte black finish. What's the outsole like? Commando lugged? Anyways, these seem like a great pickup for the price.
&gt; No eyelets though. We save you money by having you punch your own!
I would have thought so, but they fit somewhat different to my 110 boondockers. The boots are a size 9.5 and fit rather generously, whereas the oxfords are a size 10 and fit snugly in both the toe and heel. Could just be a difference in the leather or lasting process, but the fit really is quite different. Agree that my pics look similar to the reference pic in toe shape, though
I've only tried on the oxfords once, I'll check them again tonight.
[First wearing of my new CPs](http://imgur.com/kFHYIsX) Really impressed by how comfortable they are. Also appreciate that the redesign version has the cream soles rather than pure white. Overall just really enjoying these.
Wait what? Rancourt makes SWBs?
Maybe I'm just more laissez-faire about this stuff, but none of those seem like grounds for a return to me : / You'll see worse scuffs on literally your first wearing, and the heel thing seems pretty negligible inasmuch as it won't really cause any performance issues as far as I can tell.
Super impressed with shipping times from Oki-Ni in the UK. Ordered GATs on Sunday, and they're scheduled to be delivered today. I've ordered things from Chicago where I live that took 3 times as long as that to deliver.
I think if I'd lived closer to a distribution center that might have happened, but that it took an extra day to get to Chicago from there.
quick follow up, did you get hit with any customs from oki-ni?
super cool, love the RO heel counter
right, I figured it was them wanting to start the GYW run with their flagship boot that always sells well to test the waters
holy shit, look at this. [almost every size still available](http://viberg.com/collections/footwear/products/service-boot-brown-chromexcel)
I've tried on those shoes I would order the 8
I ordered them but ended up sending them back. They were nice shoes but just not what I was looking for. TTS is definitely the right way to go though.
Super cool, this exact pair and one in ravello are both grails for me. Pretty much the perfect boot. Enjoy.
&gt; if you ever need any in-person contact in Hungary, let me know, as I've been traveling there quite a bit lately and have a lot of Hungarian friends. remember how I gave you all those Nola suggestions? The girl and I are visiting Budapest and Prague later this year and would love suggestions of where to go.
I'm the second owner, but I bought them like-new from someone who they didn't fit. Let me see if I can snap some fit pics in a bit.
I just got the new achilles and like them a lot. The cream sole and cream laces are really great, and imo an improvement over the all-white retro achilles.
[family shot of my 5 pairs of vibergs](http://imgur.com/a/6PIku) I took for a writeup I'm doing for MFA.
&gt; So if I understand you correctly, the RL Marlow comes in only one brown shell color that they officially call "dark brown", but people sometimes refer to it as "cigar". I have no idea how many colors RL shell comes in, so I'm not sure if this is true or not. Shell can look very different in different colors though, so it's entirely possible those are the same shoe.
I really like shoes. I have about 25 pair and have probably spent somewhere around 5k total on them... : / Although I will insta-buy an Alden Ravello shell grant last boot if I see it (my grail), I don't see myself making too many more purchases any time soon, though.
Down a half for 2030, down a whole for 110.
I mean, it's clearly a hobby. No regular person NEEDS $700 shoes, and certainly not several of them. But it's the same as going to a fancy dinner. At some point, it's not about the utility of something that will fill you up for a few hours, but more about engaging with something you're generally interested in, and taking enjoyment and satisfaction out of the experience. Same with having nice shoes. It's something I like having, and typically do freelance work on the side for anything I want to buy, so that my main salary goes to my mortgage and shared finances with my girlfriend.
I've literally never done anything to them. This is essentially how they came out of the box plus some wear.
Not even close. Chicago.
Yes i think they probably would. A half size in length is roughly equivalent to a size in width.
No. It was stated in the SF forum that Guy said that for certain leathers (shell in particular), GYW was easier to work with, but it's not contained in their [official GYW announcement post](http://viberg.com/blogs/journal/25558660-introducing-goodyear-welt), so should probably be treated as hearsay/speculation.
Answers to a few of these are already known/knowable. Still think it's totally worth asking directly, but fwiw, here are a few quick thoughts on some of these: &gt; What was the decision making process behind the in-person sample sale in NYC? Do you foresee ever moving back to an online sample sale? Brett Viberg said somewhere on Instagram that this was simpler logistically, and wouldn't do another digital sample sale for the foreseeable future. &gt; -How do you think sales of the welted fashion boots have gone compared to your stitchdown fashion boots? What feedback have you gotten so far on the welted offerings? Sales are demonstrably poor, as evidenced by the near full availability of the brown cxl service boot several weeks after release, when they usually sell out within a couple days... Also, feedback on all social media has been overwhelmingly negative, so expect either to have this one ignored, or get a political response. &gt; -Roughly what percentage of business is from fashion vs. your traditional logger and workboots? Do you see this expanding in coming years? It was mentioned on SF that it's ~90% fashion these days.
Maybe. Although there's no way of knowing, there's no reason I'm aware of to assume that would be true, either.
&gt; Am I going to save money by buying quality $250 sneakers over some disposable $50 pair once per year? No. Robot said it well. And for sneakers I think the value proposition is even worse than for boots of dress shoes. I have a 2 pairs of Common Projects and a pair of MMM GATs and while I enjoy them all very much, if value prop is the name of the game, I don't think you're better off relative to getting something cheaper and just throwing it out after a year.
I can't wait to get mugged up there!
the Black RO are great
Anytime else in favor of eliminating the After Dark discussion threads? Theyre usually not very busy (15 or so comments) and then the next days GD comes along too late....
&gt; The food is Royal Canin Urinary SO I just switched one of my cats to that. It's crazy expensive, but if it solves her bladder issues its worth it.
I'd definiteyl order something on the 310 if it was in a tough, hard wearing leather. Something like a bridle or dublin or brown waxed flesh.
I sized mine the same
Wiwt: [MMM GATs](http://imgur.com/a/j37ri). First time I've worn them. So comfortable. Aotd: My legendary love of cashews.
Your toes really shouldnt ever touch the front of the boot. If the widest part of your foot sits at the widest part of the boot, that's definitely a good sign, but not the only indicator of perfect fit. Overall if they feel comfortable and fit snug in all the right places, you're probably good to go, and space in front of your toe isn't cause for concern.
It's hard to tell, but I'm wearing a sort of ankle sock. It's a bit taller than a no-show, but only about as tall as the shoe itself, which I figured was a pretty good compromise.
I thought the US office certainly had its moments, but... I don't know. At some point, it really fell off for me and I just sat there thinking, "I hate all of these people. I don't want to watch their antics anymore"
The crepe wrap looks comfortable, but also looks like it would just get obliterated by walking around on concrete in the city. If I lived in more of an outdoorsy place I'd definitely consider those, though.
i mean, there's already Jdate which, aside from the puntastic name, pretty much is OkJewpid.
Mine too if I wasn't already in an 8 year relationship with a goy.
winner
These are literally perfect.
&gt; South Park Stick of Truth I'm about an hour into this and am getting a little frustrated. You really think its worth sticking with?
i would subscribe to that.
Here you go http://shoplostfound.com/collections/viberg/products/viberg-natural-chromexcel-service-boot
Couldn't decide what boots to wear today. Then thought to myself, [Why not shell berg?](http://imgur.com/YLhDaCq,sNT7sew) GD: I started by writing up a giant wall of text about the nonsense regarding the banning of FPH, but then just deleted it because why bother and what's the point. Suffice it so, I'm unbelievably embarrassed by the behavior of my peers, and to call myself a redditor today.
you can love it, you just cant make love to it.
I like my belt from Orion and it was about $40
[Alden - Reverse Chamois Derbies - Sz 10C (barrie last) - ~~$200~~ $160](http://www.grailed.com/listings/98933-alden-reverse-chamois-derbies) - Although these are listed as a 10C, I wear a D width in everything and they don't feel at all tight or narrow to me. Feature a commando sole which makes them great for wet weather, but look fantastic sockless for summer. Even though they're a C width, they honestly don't feel at all narrow to me. I typically take a D and these fit just fine.
If anyone's willing to proxy me a size 10 gyw derby shoe (preferably olive calf) from the sample sale, hmu. Will compensate for your time.
Got a proxy on the viberg olive derbies... Makes that pair number 6 for me... and now twice the number of my next most-owned brand (alden).
I believe all of the olive calf run was GYW, as were mine. I saw some pics of other derbies that were SD, though.
On a boot of this caliber, is the grain embossed or authentic?
If it was anyone else I'd say embossed for sure, but EG is a whole other level that I honestly don't know too much about, so thought the real deal was at least a possibility.
If you get something please pm me. They were out of ten so I got 10.5, although supposedly gyw fits snugger so who knows
[The Onion, pertinent as usual](http://www.theonion.com/graphic/hunter-s-thompson-shoots-mouth-off-one-last-time-9694)
Looks awesome, my pair should arrive tomorrow. I had the choice between leather and dainite, and ended up going for the dainite, though now I'm kind of second guessing that. Leather sole looks great.
[135](http://imgur.com/XA5cXTL). Was just my first try, but think I could probably do a bit better if I tried again.
great combo
no joke, i get that (or some variation thereof) about once a week...
porntipsguzzardo
i can quit any time i want. i just dont want to.
*diabolicaljesus
Looks so good! Did your name just come up on the waiting list, or did you have to give someone an under the table handy, or what? That boot in ravello is my grail, but i love the cigar, too.
Crashing at an AirBNB in venice beach, but we're renting a car and will be going all over. Food: we're both big food people, and are open to just about anything, from fine dining all the way down to street food. I'd like to get some nice seafood while I'm out there, and good mexican food too, but honestly, totally open to whatever.
i can do that when i get home, though unfortunately I suspect the results aren't as conclusive as you're hoping for. All of my 2030 lasted boots have relatively different toe shapes to one another, as each leather takes the shape of the last quite differently.
probably natty cxl, they're just so cool, but close would be the tan calf just because the color is so unique, and because the delicate, thin calf leather really takes the shape of the 2030 last so well and gives a nice taper to the toe that the others don't quite get.
I have a patch like that on my shell dress shoes, its dryness not bloom
Awesome thanks so much, really appreciate the recos, will definitely look into these!
I believe it's 50%...
The contrast tongue makes the boot. Definitely don't purposely darken it!
The ironing is delicious.
Would have grabbed those but they'll only ship to your billing address which would be a nightmare. Whatever, doesn't need them anyways
Or his nipples, would would have made a pretty sharp medallion on the toe
In my experience heavier leathers fit larger and looser, not tighter, because they don't take the shape of the last as well
TTS for me.
That's not my finger. My penis actually has a condition called dermatosclerosis that causes it to grow a nail like a finger. Sharp eye!
Got back from LA late last night. Had an extremely close and personal encounter with the TSA getting on the plane, as they immediately pulled me into a little room and seemed kinda freaked out. After patting me down and riffling through all my stuff, they let me go, but I [found this sitting in the bin with my bag](http://imgur.com/uPsZlyn). Yeeps. Current theory is that because I hiked through the desert earlier that day, naturally occurring radioactive material triggered a false positive on the swab test. So that was fun. Incidentally, only took one pair of shoes to LA, my black M(M)M GATs. They got dusty as hell on the hikes I went through, but were comfortable throughout and brushed down admirably afterwards. After we got back from hiking, we were looking through my filmmaker friends' lookbook, and he had my exact shoes as part of his ideal wardrobe for one of the characters, and its only then that he looked down and goes, "Wait, did you go hiking through the desert today in $400 sneakers?"
&gt; Too bad I don't like any other companies as much, this experience has almost turned me off the brand. Im not sure I understand your complaint with Viberg's CS. They gave you an answer, and it wasn't the one you wanted, so you're mad at them...? How does that work?
yeah well it would have been easier to remember that if you hadn't deleted the post, wouldnt it?
Dayton service boots in charcoal.
Which charcoal, textured boot should I buy: RBC Dundalk or Dayton Service Boot?
&gt; Does anyone know how should I size in those? Size in what?
As /u/BAonReddit said, it's missed dye spots. Although you can try and mask it with polish, I would recommend not, as I don't think they will cover up completely without really caking the polish on, and I think it's likely you end up with something worse than what you started with. Fwiw, imo, I think that looks pretty good, and don't think anyone will notice, so I'd just leave it be.
It's friday after a long long week, and was just sitting at home watching the Sopranos. Like most of you, I've been absently flicking back and forth between the RBC massdrop swatches on and off all day. Had a free sec and mocked up the different colors in photoshop. Certainly not perfect, but hopefully of some interest to y'all.
I mean, it's super, super arbitrary deciding when the adjustment matches that little swatch. No clue how close I actually am, so definitely take with a grain of salt. edit: also, when you account for the lighting (natural daylight vs indoors), I actually think my olive looks pretty close to the one you linked.
