Wli got them from led concepts. They only sell the one that change color
Hey, great question! I'm currently in the process of installing them. I have not yet hooked them out to the car but wiring them in personally up to you, I perfer to have them on all the time. The reason I went with led concepts rather then oracle lighting is because I read reviews on oracle that they go bad within a few months. The reason I ended up getting the halos at all was because I wanted dtrl that would look good on my car and cause I wanted some sexy pictures
I'd go with Lily. I named my Mopar '11 Letty. What is up with those rims though?
I'm drawing power by taping the fuse with a fuse tap
Nevermind, thank you so much for your answer, but I found out I just screwed up the wiring. Lol thanks once again
Nevermind, thank you so much for your answer, but I found out I just screwed up the wiring. Lol thanks once again
Thanks for commenting! The lights are multicolored. I just took the pic when they were red. I'll take one with blue later.
I've already got some flashing me their high beams for some reason, I guessed they were too bright so I just dimmed them a bit.
They are legal as long as they are white or amber while on public road. I'm not going to bother arguing with you, but it's my car and I'll do what ever I want to it. Also learn what a ricer is before you go around and "rice this and rice that".
Haha that's awesome, I'll have to see how it looks on mine.
$700 for everything
What car are you looking for?
Take it to the dealer, they will be able to open it and it might be covered.
Great idea!
Orders ones that have rgb leds
Sorry, but this is fake. Look it up.
Hey buddy i own the Mopar game here back off 😂 Just kidding, nice to see another Mopar fan! [just a small example of my Mopar collection](http://i.imgur.com/Vj8izVv.jpg)
I dont like this car at all! Leave it behind all the time
Why the gloves?
What other supers do you have?
Oh ok! What do you use to reattach the blister
Want to trade for a DeLorean?
Same!
Mine haa like 40 of them, really stupid idea
I have 4 sealed one up for trade
Thanks !
What are you looking for
I need that 16 angels!!!!
I need that daytona!
DeLorean super and Corvette greenwood super
What are you looking for
I want that rv on the mac
A super treasure hunt...
I dont have any pf those up for trade, how about a nitrodoorslamer
Well i have nothing for you :( but i want that
Damn :( thats the last one i need to finish 2016
Yep
Trade me
Nah, theyll make the bat again, Ferrari wont sell right again till Masito's deals over
To sell later on INCASE money is absolutely necessary
Nice! Can i get a pic? I own a [Mopar 11](http://i.imgur.com/LdWgzPe.jpg) Gonna upgrade next year to a ['17 Scat Pack](http://i.imgur.com/luEV7uO.jpg)
What do you want for the rocket oil?
Daytona super
Still want these?
Everyone of my finds so far his been completely unexpected. Ill be honest and say i do try to get the delivery schedules and info like that so i can go early in the morning and get some boxes but everytime i am told a day, i show up and they say we dont have a delivery today, so i just gave up on that. What i do is ask the employees if they have anymore in the back, sometimes they do and sometimes they dont. Over all its a hit and miss game to me atleast. I mean you could watch youtube videos and see all these dudes raid pallet after pallet after dump bin and get 10, 15, or even 30 supers a week but all thats gonna do is piss you off. My best advice for you is just take it easy, dont look for supers, let them find you. 5 of my 9 wild finds were when i was just looking for another mainline and happened to run into a super. Another thing ive began to do is just buy them from ebay. Now let me explain why... First off I own a Dodge Charger R/T with a V8 and the thing gets 15 miles to the gallon when i drive like an old lady (which i rarely do 😂) so after a day of hunting, hitting about 10 or 15 stores ill be needing gas so thats another 30 or 40 dollars wasted plus the miles i put on the car plus the time i wasted looking for a super. My second car is a Chevy Silverado with a V6, nod youd expect this thing to get better gas mileage but it doesnt. 14 miles to the gallon 😂. So if i take this around for a day it eats 50 to 60 dollars in gas! So instead of spending that much money and wasting that much time id rather just buy it from ebay for $20 and get it within a few day $20 is the maximum ill ever spend on a super, even the Batmobile. So my best advice is stop looking for supers, not only is it going to make you go crazy but youll lose WAY more then youll every gain. Happy hunting!
Bad mudder 2 or driftsta?
Or a DeLorean?
Where are you located?
Nope, everything is empty with hope of filling back up. At least near me
Would love some pictures!!!! Also i need one of those Redliner Gassers (mint)
Dont forget, you get the Tesla today too!!!!!!
Gonna be finishing mine over the next few days too!
I didnt even know what they were/are sending me, they basically said "happy birthday, give me your address i want to send you something" i am honestly mind blown! Now im just missing the Batmobile and Daytona for my 2016 carded collection
Also happened to me, my first HW collection, My consoles and one of my cars too :(
That poor card
Already in a protector!
Thats cause 90% of cases are raided in Malaysia and in guess they dont take the damaged ones out caus ethey wont sell
I wamt the skyline!
Went about an hour away from where i live to pick up some stuff for my dads business. Decided to stop at an old rundown looking Kroger found the Daytona and Superbird at the bottom of an old dump bin and the Acura was in a box an employee brought out for me! My first double super find!
Hahaha lovein the hate!
I want the 3 Ferraris! And also i meant this [skyline](http://i.imgur.com/WScTcDS.jpg)
Dont worry, im getting 2 complete sets then cracking one open! Just need 8 more to complete both sets, should be done by next week
Thank you!
Is that semi new?
Guess whos Walmart isnt getting this set either!
Fun little treasure hunt! I love when you go in looking for another car and run into some thing special
Thanks! Wasnt even looking for supers this time haha
Thank you sir!
😂 Damn
Truly upset (╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻)
I know! Still stoked!
Still better stocked then my walmart
Save the MM for me! Will be hunting later today and get back to you!
Deal! Hold the MM for me
Ohh this is so cool!!!! I wish they had a Mopar version of these or atleast Dodge
Not yet, dont know if i van make one that big yet
Correct instead of the Gasser let me get the '64 Ford Galaxy 500 What do you want ot trade for?
Donked!
None, went to 5 different walmarts, absolute garbage. Empty shelfs and just a mess in general. Sooo unfair that walmarts get exclusives but they have NO idea how to distribute them. Wtf Anything else youll take, i really need that MM haha ill even pay for it
You mist be outta your god damn mind to bid for that
I love this set! Never got around to buying it though 😂 [Closest](http://i.imgur.com/FpF8PMy.jpg) [I can](http://i.imgur.com/UWLxT8Z.jpg) [come](http://i.imgur.com/L92qGEA.jpg) [to that](http://i.imgur.com/2ax44Ct.jpg) [set](http://i.imgur.com/ecPN0hf.jpg)
It was part of a shor release GreenLight did called Spy Shot. The series had 3 cars, the Dart, Chrysler 300, and Chevy Cruze. The reason it has camouflage paint is so that it hides future design and features from other companies. They dont want to get the idea stolen.
Yeah its in the tread
Can get some more details on where you got that background from?
I might be able to do gran tursimo, let me lok into everthing else today Can i get a pic of the black out? Also the pretty much any walmart exclusive i wont be able tl get because my local walmarts are absolutely trash... no wait even garbage is better then them
Oh ok ill keep an eye out
[Thanks!](http://i.imgur.com/RViO5gz.jpg) I love how my diorama pics are getting down votes 😂
Thanks! I hope your knee gets better! I hurt mine over the summer and just finished healing a few weeks ago
Check out my trade thread and see if you like anything
From what ive noticed it goes one of 2 ways 1: "i found a super/retro/blah" =upvote 2: "hey, i took time and effort to make something for my hobbie"= downvote Its not always true but most of the time it is
*hobby
Wanna give a brother a hint
You got it right on the spot!
I got a question for you, which variation of the Porsche 993 is rare?
This ones alright at rolling, tires rub a little
Yes! I have both variations! only spent $25
I hope to own a real one, one day
Thank you!
Tell me about it!
Wow, i said i would as soon as i find them :(
