It's 4 am I don't need these feels
Tomorrows headlines "PM of Canada calls referendum, wants to return to simple life of moose hunting"
Fair enough
I just got my wisdom teeth out, talk about a tooth ache
Habs shoulda signed Shaw for a day
When I'm playing in beer leagues I've used a halfie since I turned 18, playing college I obviously half to use a cage
Breakaway off the draw, deke left go right. Empty net and the puck rolled off my stick ;_; #neverforget
i got all 4 out on tuesday, my face is still 3x what it should be
From keys and skins ive spent well over $1000, hell ive done $1000 in bets alone
I average about 20 :( fuck TWC
The Best of shit isnt really good imo.
Well jobs is dead so that certainly doesn't help him out in terms of earning more money.
Holy ducking shit do you just sit there rubbing your thumb on that spot?
I've had a rival 300 for a bit now and it's not too bad in terms of wear. Only thing I don't like is how it feels when I sweat
Also is complete trash, keeps his trapper down by his leg and can't butterfly to save his life
i havent found anything yet that doesnt get that sweaty feel other than the shitty mouse that came with my prebuilt a few years ago. since i was too cheap to buy a nice mouse until recently i used that until eventually the scroll wheel broke. Ive heard good things about the razer taipan though
waiting for afforementioned album
i was playing h1z1 the other day and tried to pull down on the AK ;_;
It was when my dad ran with the mafia in Utica, he's 56
They are, it's called Narcos. It's on Netflix. Right now it's centered on Escobar but they plan to keep it rolling into future drug lords so it's safe to say our pal Joaquinn here will get a season
Canada does as well
That is Alex ovechkin, known for not playing defense
I've spent at least $200 on keys, best thing I got was a ST kill confirmed. I bought my knife for $200 as well. It's cheaper that way
Are you my dad? He fucking loves that shit
my dad is obsessed with that shit since he started a diet, which lost him 30lbs, but i dont believe that its due to some stupid salt
I could do a lot of things with a million dollars
i should win because karambutt is dream knief
I read somewhere that the bankruptcy was actually a strategic move for a lawsuit he's involved in and obviously he isn't broke
/u/ballotbot draw 3
np bro, enjoy :)
yea thats what i figured when he messaged me. Why would a streamer who could win any bet he wants want to trade for my little old M9 Marble Fade?
not sure how he did the "items for trade" but the rest is just basic copy pasting
I didn't buy them, I bet and traded up to them :p
Just when I've had enough csgo for a day this pops up, God dammit....
F
I opened FN stat trak retribution. Probably my favorite skin after my marble fade M9
Ditto, I miss the FN ST bullet rain I lost in a bet
C9 kappa https://steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new/?partner=109330798&amp;token=e17X9fp0
KQLY would like a word with you
Guitar and disco are my favorites
Amd is a computer company???
he had an m82, which will run you around 10k
I am also interested in the demo
It makes sense, I'll play a game at MG1/MG2 level and if I'm on the other team calls hacks
Thanks for the giveaway :)
LOL this kid following you PM'd me and said "you're the one who has issues silver"
Wouldn't having your dominant hand on top over use your hand as it's the only hand you're supposed to stick handle with?
So I suppose your home buy scoring is the creamy filling that makes you feel warm and bubbly inside?
I don't know, as a right hand dominant person and shooter. Never had any issues with stick handling. I've always had pretty slick hands and a nice shot
its a joke about how the genny coupe is a rehashed tiburon
Same here, NA east
Lol this just reminded me of the old racist guy who's a regular at my dealership, he comes in the day after that happened and goes "I don't see these BLM fuckers protesting about harambe" then went on to tell the story of how he got back from Vietnam and his wife was fat so be divorced her
The former, he also made a remark about how Mexicans join the military for citizenship, go to Iraq but not enough get buried there. He really is your stereotypical racist grandpa
I'm aware, idk why I'm getting downvoted when all I did was explain a shitty joke.
its a corvette dealer, he comes in and buys a new vette every 2-3 years and is always stopping in to look at new inventory
he is indeed quite racist. The other day he was telling a story from vietnam and a black dude came in and interrupted him to ask me a question about buying a car and the look on his face was priceless
I'm wondering why your comment didn't get nuked with the rest of the thread
def a miata, i think the number plate may be from italy
The dindunuffin
No you're good, this whole post is confusing as hell
I've got mine around 300whp with a 2.8" pulley, injectors, valves and a good tune. The LSJ is just as easy to pull power out of as its big brother
18 y/o male with a corvette here, I pay $180 a month
Dat fitment
C5 corvettes are fucking atrocious
Eeeeeeeevvvvoooooooo. But for real you can get a clean Evo 8 for around 15k
True, I'll sell you my cobalt for $7k ;)
Wait did CWM come back? I thought he left and deleted his acct...
Ditto, double bunny ear is too lit
Yup, my brother is a firefighter/EMT and he saved a woman's life with CPR, he's also 6'3" 260lbs so you can imagine what happened to her ribs. She sent our family flowers and a $200 gift card to a local Japanese steak house to show her appreciation
Dibs on the Porsche
129 /u/danknissan and /u/thegenuinebuzz suck Dakas dick cuz his knife is cooler than yours
What time on Sunday?
RemindMe! 2 days donate /r/millionairemakers donations
Yea summit lost hella money and wins about as much as any of us would, it's silly to accuse him being rigged
Rochester, NY. Topped out around 98 today. I wanted to die.
sorry mang am a kniev whore
ahh i was playing hockey :/ im def down to play in the future though
I was about to point out that you were young if you were 15 in 2011 but I realized I was 15 then too. And now I feel like an ass and I should get out more
heh what a fuckin nerd
fuck that, i understand not liking trump but hillary should be in fucking jail and executed for treason with what shes done
oh bull fucking shit, shes not just the most corrupt mother fucker on the world but she fucking exposed classified information to the entire world by purposely avoiding the fucking protocols that would keep said information secure. Thats fucking treason which is punishable by death. The fact that she is getting away with so much that has ruined and imprisoned people for far longer than "6 months to a year" is fucking bullshit. Send her to gitmo for all i care but you saying she doesnt deserve a long sentence in prison is just plain ignorant
wait someone tried to kill trump??? Link?
ok so it looks like he didnt even come close. still weird no major news outlet is carrying the story
fair enough, i dont watch much tv. i usually just visit a couple sites
Most countries don't have bloods, crips, Latin Kings or every other fucking gang under the sun who'd rather die than go to jail. Most of the people killed by cops are by no means innocent
youre dumb to be honest. most of the people kid by police are gangbangers who do not comply with police, often time are carrying weapons who behave with much hostility towards police because "they aint goin back man"
Same with Great Lakes, like this dude put St. Louis in the Great Lakes and not buffalo. Bruh do you even geography
Most people are keen to forget that aspect, half of our population lives in the country side or in smaller cities such as roc, buffalo, cuse, Utica etc.
It does not and that is why healthcare is so expensive. Hospitals can not refuse care whether the patient can pay or not. The ones who do pay end up covering for the ones who don't through incredibly expensive bills which then starts the fucking circle jerk you see everywhere. Get your facts before you start spouting bullshit and continuing the circle jerk
Which is like half the price of the dudes bike
Wow
Pls giv Polaris :D In all seriousness these cards look great and I'll probably pick 2 up if I don't win anyway
Same thing with my corvette, as soon as I hit the gas the interior rattles apart. But it's cool, weight reduction bro
Stick with the 918, it's much more exciting than a panamera lol
thats funny as fuck. i always said if i got a little diesel VW id do an EGR delete and put a stack from the turbo out the hood and just roll coal everywhere
True, the market shouldn't have even done anything. It's not like England is gonna stop trading now with brexit. Whatever, I got cheap stock. Not even mad
Wait a 10th of an amp can't kill you? So my electronics teacher lied?
tru, i get 17.1 in my vette, and thats with a blower on it so its not terrible but i do get a lot of smiles per gallon
Is this WSB?
Thanks :)
