You wanted to throttle your MIL? Sounds like every sitcom dad in history...
Isn't that how hedge clippers are made?
What about Maggie Simpson? She's like 26 by now and that's still pretty much all she does in any episode. :b
I'm reminded of a story I head online about a year ago. A man was at Burger King when a mom and her 6-year-old son show up. The kid was screaming up a storm, yelling "I want a fucking pie!" again and again, and the mother wasn't doing anything about it. The man got so fed up that when he got to the counter he ordered all 26 pies they had. As he walked away with his bounty he just smiled triumphantly at the little brat and his enabling mother. It's the most awesome and justified bit of spiteful behavior I've ever heard of.
A friend with weed is a friend indeed.
Not just gay people; homosexuality has been observed in dozens of species. It's very common in dolphins.
It might help to add that so far Ireland is the only country that has legalized gay marriage by popular vote, and that was just a few weeks ago.
It's a trap! ADMIRAL AKBAR!
None of the schools I ever went to growing up even HAD lockers except in the gym; we were expected to just leave our books at home on the days we didn't need them for class and keep them in our backpacks on the days when we did need them. It pisses me off that movies seem to think every school everywhere has lockers.
My school didn't have lockers at all; everyone just left their books at home except on days when the teachers specifically told us we were going to need them in class.
I have a very nice decorative sword in my room; I wish I knew how to sharpen it. I often imagine that if someone broke in I'd use it to threaten them. Sure it has a dull blade because it's for decoration, but the burglar doesn't know that.
When exactly did Moses go from being a feeble man with a terrible stuttering problem to being freaking William Wallace. They seem to have mixed up their stories of escaping slaves. The tale of Moses was about the Jews FLEEING Egypt, not busting out. The film makers seem to have confused Moses with Spartacus.
To be fair, Blackfish, which is what caused all their negative publicity, was extremely biased. They only bothered to look for testimonies from people who were already on their side. That's not informative, it's propaganda. If they really wanted to be informative they would have presented both sides of the issue with equal objectivity and left it to the viewers to decide whose side they were on.
I agree. People say Flo from the Progressive ads is annoying, but that smug redheaded bitch from the Wendy's commercials is a nightmare.
Personally, one that I'd list is Click. It had the potential to be a great comedy, but halfway through it made a very abrupt shift from comedy to tragedy.
What struck me as odd about that movie is that it seems to be exaggerating the violence of the human race. I mean, if there were no laws for one night I may do a bit of petty theft but I certainly wouldn't have any desire to kill anyone. In some places where there's a gang problem I could see that happening, but in most places I really find it hard to imagine very many people actually doing much more than vandalism and theft.
I wish he'd wait it out for a few more elections until moving to Canada would be a more feasible option for me (in other words, when I've had more time in the workforce so I can network out and work my way up to Canada).
The people in the mascot costumes at sports games and theme parks.
Viagra: "Takes a licking and keeps on ticking"
Nah, nobody there but Zule.
I would love to live in Canada in the future. California is too dang hot and crowded, so the cold temperatures and low population density of Canada would be a blessing for me. Looks like this is another thing to prepare for XD
Local coyotes are the reason why my outdoor cat has to stay in our atrium at night. Funny, a lot of people keep cats indoor during the day and let them out at night, but we have our cat outside in the day and inside at night. The other morning I went to let her out, but I suddenly heard yelping coyotes nearby so I decided to wait about another hour before letting her out.
I'm a liberal and would love to move to Canada. It's not really too much because of the US government; it's just that Canada seems so much more peaceful in general. Also, I'm sick of the high temperatures and population density of Southern California, so I'd love to live in a much colder and less densely populated place like Canada.
The Westboro Baptist Church is to Christianity what ISIS is to Islam.
Why did you eat dog treats?
Well there was Napoleon. He's the reason the sphinx doesn't have a nose; his troops used it for target practice.
In Jeepers Creepers the main protagonist gets captured by the monster, which ends up skinning him, eating his eyes, and not being defeated in any way. In the second movie the main protagonists kind of win because they survive long enough for the creature to enter a hibernation state. It only awakens for 23 days every 23 years, so the protagonists "win" by surviving until the end of the 23 days.
If you're a handyman and work on roofs you could say you're on the office and it would be just fine. :3
Technically it's a cape buffalo. Check the url, it's a cape buffalo from the Denver Zoo. :P
The ones I've seen, yes.
Nor do we in much of Southern California. Places up in the mountains like Big Bear get snow, but none of the areas at lower altitudes do.
That's how I as an American feel when talking to people from Canada.
That's happened to me. A few months ago I was walking home from class (living about 1 mile from your college makes for easy commuting), and someone stopped to ask the closest way to one of the nearby freeways. I've lived in this area for over 12 years but I still haven't bothered to memorize the names of most of the streets or the numbers of the freeways. The best I could do was point in the general direction; I couldn't really give any specific directions.
We don't get fireflies here in California ;~;
Fast food places tend to have where when you order a drink they just give you the empty cup. Off to the side there will be a machine that pours ice and soda so you can fill the cup yourself. A common scam is to ask for free water so you get a cup and then refill it with soda when you're done with the water.
Honestly I've often felt that I would love to move to Canada because it looks so nice and peaceful.
There are a lot of places like this and Beijing that I hear about and just can't help wondering how much longer it's going to be before the air gets to the point where they just become uninhabitable to human beings.
Plus they solve the classic conundrum: How do blind people know when they're done wiping?
I want you to go kill people's PCs.
*stands in front of mirror* PlazaOne, PlazaOne, PlazaOne
Fun fact: Vagina is Latin for Sheath.
Well, at least River Monsters is catch and release and does teach about the species of fish featured, but I definitely see your point. What really gets me is when they have shows about people whose job is to go out and round up wild animals; they used to be about teaching people how wonderful these animals are, but now they're teaching us that animals are expendable and should be used as points in a competition. It's not as bad as Deadliest Catch, but is still ridiculous to have on Animal Planet.
She speaks for the trees.
He's gotta hate it when he has to wait for things done in alphabetical order.
Maybe he'll grow up to be the Spurgeon general.
Note to self: Whenever visiting Cancun, bring a Mexican friend and have them make all of my purchases for me.
The sad thing about that one is it's based on such a simple word to spell, rotate. They couldn't find a less confusing name for something designed to rotate food?
I'm 23 and never learned how to ride a bike. I've driven cars but have never successfully ridden a bike.
Under what circumstances did you learn of this infernal device's existence?
They even had a very well made system of workers' compensation. If a member of the crew was injured they'd be given financial compensation in the form of coins known as pieces of eight. Not sure how valuable pieces of eight were, but the amount people would be given varied based on the severity of their injuries. For example, losing a leg would get you more pieces of eight than losing an eye.
I thought it was the third movie.
How valuable was the whole eight?
It taught me that licking doorknobs is illegal on other planets.
I usually remain barefoot at my own house, but I don't leave my shoes by the door. I keep my shoes next to the desk in my bedroom, which is the farthest room in the house from the front door.
You know what's even more classless? Stepping in dirt, feces, and other debris in the first place. Also, we have a wonderful invention known as a welcome mat, which exists solely for the purpose of wiping the bottoms of our shoes so we don't track anything into the house.
You're the second person I've seen here talking about how people who wear shoes in the house track feces inside. Who do you know that is so inattentive to where they're walking that they regularly step in feces of any kind? Even if someone does step in feces, their first reaction will usually be to remove the shoe and attempt to wipe it off on the nearest tree or wash it in a fountain, whatever is most immediately available.
What is a lift? Is that the UK name for an elevator? As an American, the only use of the word lift in my vocabulary is the verb for picking something up, not any sort of device for picking things up.
Americans don't like tea, we like beer. Sometimes coffee, but mostly beer.
"Hey! That continent ran right out in front of me!"
I think the funniest thing about this guy's argument is that one of the links actually has "gender-wage-gap-myth" in the url itself. The operative word here is "myth." I'd say that pretty much confirms that (s)he did not read the actual links before assuming they were going to help his/her case.
Before you try to use links to support your case, make sure the links actually do support it.
I first saw the whole blue-red blood depiction on the Magic School Bus. They were showing how the heart worked and showed that the red blood cells were blue before being oxygenated. Even when I saw that as a little kid I immediately assumed that they had just done that for the sake of the viewers. I was like 5 and I was able to recognize that this depiction of the process was altered for simplicity for the young viewers.
Sounds like a neat twist on Teddy Roosevelt's "big stick diplomacy." Speak softly, and carry a gun.
The Westboro Baptist Church is to Christianity what ISIS is to Islam.
A shotgun wedding may be terrifying, but it's got nothing on a shotgun divorce.
I find his candidacy very amusing, but I do look forward to seeing him go down in flames.
I'm not like some PETA nut, but I find this argument really messed up because it's basically saying animals are expendable. Just because they aren't humans doesn't mean it's okay to make a big public spectacle of taunting and then killing them.
Actually, there is such a thing as low-high metabolism. It's what causes the variation between the three main body types. People with low metabolisms are endomorphs, meaning they put on weight easily. People with high metabolisms are ectomorphs, meaning they burn weight quickly. People in the middle are mesomorphs. That's not to say someone who is genetically an ectomorph can't become obese or that an endomorph is doomed to be a 300 lb blob, just that some people are more genetically inclined to gain or lose weight than others.
Religion is like a penis: It's fine to have one, it's fine to be proud of it, but don't go waving it around in public and PLEASE don't try to force it down our children's throats.
Oh, alright. I wasn't sure since I knew Hawaii was admitted (though admitted is whitewashing it a bit; forced would be more accurate) into the union at some point in the mid-20th century.
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder. I see nothing wrong with calling a fat person beautiful, as long as you're not saying it's healthy to be obese. A spare tire is nothing to be ashamed of. A tractor tire on the other hand...
About 10 years ago I remember hearing that Arnold Schwarzenegger was technically obese based on the BMI scale. Muscle is denser and heavier than fat, so being extremely muscular can lead to being designated obese by the BMI. This is why a lot of people I've talked to on the subject agree that the BMI scale is garbage. It takes any variation in weight and assumes it must be a result of having a differing quantity of body fat. It has no way of separating factors like bone density or muscle mass.
I tend to lean toward the left, but I like to base my political views on what is actually best for humanity, not what my party says I should think. My favorite historical quote is one by Winston Churchill on the subject of party differences: (may not be verbatim) "If you show me a young conservative I'll show you someone with no heart; if you show me an old liberal I'll show you someone with no brain"
When you said you were talking to the dishwasher I thought you meant the appliance. I was very confused XD
Keep in mind that a "not guilty" verdict won't prevent you from being demonized. The first example that comes to mind is O.J., and more recently there was Casey Anthony. I wasn't around for the O.J. thing (don't remember if it was the 80s or 90s, but depending which it was I was either not born yet or too young to notice), so I don't know all the details about why everyone is so certain that he's guilty despite the verdict. ~~Casey Anthony on the other hand is a monster who was let off the hook for murder.~~
Don't you mean persecuted? If it's being done because of his ethnicity as they claim then it's more a matter of persecution than prosecution.
Spanking is something that should only be used as an absolute last resort, when the child has made it clear that no other form of punishment will stop them from repeating whatever action they had done.
Granted, Casey Anthony wasn't a celebrity like OJ, but her case did become pretty high profile. I still remember the day of the verdict; in the morning everyone was agreeing that she was clearly guilty, so we were all shocked to hear that she was found not guilty.
NASCAR will be very awkward when all cars are self-driving...
Yeah, like act as a getaway driver when you're trying to get away from the cops.
Petting a cat. Bad kitty, down! D:
Yeah and their intention was for us to be allowed to carry these arms in cases where they were needed to help defend our country, but because of the wording the meaning has shifted from its original intention, at least in the public eye. That's why there's so much controversy about the 2nd amendment, because its wording doesn't clearly state its original intention and it's therefore easy for gun nuts to misuse it.
Even cold arctic waters aren't safe from sharks. Allow me to introduce you to the [sleeper shark](http://6336-presscdn-26-82.pagely.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/greenland-shark.jpg) or the Greenland shark, as it's also known. Their jaw is unlike any other shark, with pointed top teeth and slanted bottom teeth. They use the top teeth to anchor into the prey's flesh, then use the slanted lower teeth to shear open the prey's hide like a can opener. Because they're slow and blind they were long thought to be strictly scavengers, but in recent years they've been found hunting live seals.
According to Investigation Discovery, female-on-male domestic violence is just as common as male-on-female domestic violence. People don't realize this because men don't report it as often because their pride prevents them and because law enforcement often doesn't believe the men who do report it because "there's no way a woman would do that."
And some fraction of a moob.
Don't we also share like 70% of our DNA with mosquitoes? And over 60% with bananas? From what I've heard most if not all lifeforms on earth share over half of their DNA with every other species. That may have been an exaggeration though; I don't remember where I heard it.
On top of that, a vast majority of vertebrates share the common blueprint of having 2 front limbs and 2 hind limbs, whether they're legs, arms, or wings. The main exceptions I can think of are marine animals and snakes. Even then a lot of them (not fish) will have vestigial bones from ancestors who had 4 limbs.
How can you tell? 2048 hasn't happened yet :P
Oh, wasn't aware of that one.
Found Jesus!
Sure, nobody bats an eyelash when China makes a giant wall to keep out their brutal neighbors, but when the US talks about doing it suddenly we're evil and racist...
Quoth the raven, "Nevermore."
Technically he's not from Private Drive, he's from Godrick's Hollow (may have misspelled that, but meh). He was just raised at Private Drive.
A lethal dose of table salt can fit inside of a single salt shaker. Kinda spoils the fun of the old "loosen the cap in a fast food place" prank when you know the results are potentially fatal...
Disney did, it's called "Flash, the Teenage Otter"
Their main merchandise would be the Tickle-Me Emo.
Topical cream?
Step 1: Remove cat from computer. Step 2: Remove cat from computer. Step 3: Remove cat from computer. Step 4: Just give it up already.
Carface is also the villain in All Dogs Go to Heaven.
I read that as "a more genital version" XD
