&gt;Though gridiron, baseball, basketball and ice hockey are known here as the "Big Four" sports, soccer has surely ousted ice hockey to join that quartet. Nah.
I know what you are referring to and it was NBCSN not NBC. Also that's an incredibly misleading statistic. EPL face almost ZERO competition in the US for their timeslot, while the NHL is going against other large sports leagues and primetime TV. Also, every single NHL game is on TV, while that can't be said for EPL. In addition, fans of the NHL teams may be less likely to watch on TV because many will be attending the games, while that is impossible for EPL in the US.
Well for some teams at least...
&gt; the Marketers haven't gotten into the heads of Millenniums the way they have for previous generations. This just isn't true. You just target them in different ways. The millennials have been figured out for a while now. You need to offer value with your advertising. That's why companies like Buzzfeed have taken off. They are literally a giant advertisement, it's how they make their money, but they provide entertainment to people. Same thing goes for event marketing or sharing native content on social media. It works incredibly well.
The actual reason cheerleading isn't considered a sport is because it doesn't follow a unison set of rules across competitions. While sports such as gymnastics and boxing have judges, the discretion is judged against the same standards in every competition. This is not the case for cheerleading.
&gt; Depression is not a personal problem, it's a medical problem. Medical problems are personal problems. He wasn't kicked off the US Team, but his boss decided that his lack of involvement beforehand would hinder the team if he were selected. FMLA and ADA do not say that you are entitled to a position or job if your disability or disease prevent you from performing that task. If you took a sabbatical from work because of depression at a marketing agency and then came back and were not performing at the incredible success rate that you were before, you should expect to be put on a team for your company's biggest pitch in years that they were preparing for the entire time you were away.
&gt;In real life, outside of an academic setting? Not really. I'd almost argue the opposite. In the real world, you are judged on the end result, no matter how hard you work. If you're simply more naturally talented, or can think of better solutions, it doesn't matter how hard you work. Obviously hard work matters, but to claim talent doesn't is pretty naive.
This is no different from the rules for Union fans at PPL Park and everyone has been sucking Union fans' dicks since we've entered the league. NYCFC really isn't any different. It's ok to love to hate them, but it's silly to think that SKC or RBNY are any more "organic".
Yeah I honestly think it's silly to claim that traveling doesn't give you some insight and perspective that those who don't travel generally lack. Every new experience gives you more perspective, and traveling to another country is one of the most new and different experiences you can have.
&gt; If you're a person that uses those terms in a league you have to buy your way into I guess you'll take legitimacy anyway you can get it. Yeah pretty much. The point is none of the teams themselves are organic. Fandom is pretty much all organic, even if marketing is involved to get people there. The Union is still a business like the rest and Union fans are no more organic than NYCFC fans. We're just more negative.
Ok and then you can say the same to literally everyone else bashing them. Judge them in their third year, not their third month. Or can you only judge them if you have a negative opinion. Also, launch to market is a huge indicator of success further down the line. They have created great top of mind awareness and built great momentum in their brand equity in a busy market with a high barrier to entry. I'm judging them on the terms of the article. They are doing a lot better than any other MLS team I've seen that has launched in a saturated market.
&gt; Does Fifa get paid based off number of viewers for the world cup or have they already sold the right for T.v. for this world cup for a set amount? In a roundabout way, yes. # of viewers will absolutely effect their future contract negotiations.
Dude honestly I don't care enough about this topic to really read everything you wrote, sorry. Just skimming: Chivas USA failed because of bad management, marketing, and apathy. NYCFC could easily avoid their pitfalls. There is too much money to be made for them to simply "stop caring" and having 2 organizations in the ownership group helps prevent this. &gt;and I just don't see how throwing more money at the problem solves the problem Look at the current state of the Yankees and Man City. Their current ownerships (who collectively own NYCFC) literally did exactly this and built 2 of the strongest sporting brands in the world around it. Also, nothing about NYCFC's marketing in NYC screams Man City at all. It's all entirely focused around the idea of a NYC team. This is 100% different than what Chivas did.
Haha yeah, I just don't get why this is even a post on the sub haha. I've seen a lot worse MLS gear than this hat.
All he had to do was work hard and keep his mouth shut and would have gotten over $11MM over the next 2 years. For an old as shit O-lineman, that's fucking amazing. I get that they want to max out their time in the NFL, but at what point do you just realize that you aren't actually worth any more to the team? I'd argue he already had an insanely good contract for his situation.
It's about the team name not the organization itself.
They're probably even better than a simple sample. Parents are more likely to be older, and older people are more likely to vote. Edit: If you're going to downvote me, read my post further down that pretty much proves my point.
Parents of children in Kids Pick the President (they aren't going to be young children, mostly over 12) are most likely going to be in their 30s or 40s. These people have a *much* higher voter turnout than those 18-29. Also, [70% of married parents vote, regardless of age](http://content.csbs.utah.edu/~wolfinger/Wolfinger-Wolfinger2008.pdf). This would suggest that these kids parroting their parents would be much more representative than a polling of all eligible voters. Edit: Also remember that the kids in these elections were calling in and using the internet, suggesting that they were older.
How do you understand that? 1 having a significantly higher open rate suggests that either the sender or subject (or both) is different. The other having a 60% higher CTR would suggest that the email's content is different. I'd be willing to bet there were multiple variables at play.
My dog goes through one of those balls a week, but they are his absolute favorite so i buy them quite often. Try black kong toys. My pit destroys everything else he gets.
&gt; I guess I just have to choose if it's worth having less people read my emails to get more engagements. How large was your sample size? Did you achieve statistical significance. Hypothetically, the body text itself shouldn't effect open rate. Was different preview text (the small part of the email you can read before opening?) showing for each email? It just seems like that difference between open rates is incredibly large to not have been effected by something specific. Did you look at bounce rate between group A and group B to account for that?
There is a breed called the American Pit Bull Terrier, but generally a pit bull can be 1 of 3 breeds or a mix of them. Either way, you're dog is obviously a pit mix, not sure what that person is trying to say.
staffordshire bull terrier
That's some [Paranoid Park](https://youtu.be/6fjoxbyYaRc?t=59) shit.
[I own a brindle pit bull.](http://imgur.com/jtYc4I2) He is a pit bull, people who see him call him a pit bull, the SPCA called him a pit bull and everyone knows what "pit bulls" look like. I'd rather have my dog be an advocate for all dogs identified as pits than run away from the term that the vast majority of society uses and will continue to use. I live in America and I also live in reality and that's what they're known as.
We manage our accounts completely separately, so I don't have an answer to that. Haven't used Marin or DS in a couple years.
AdGooroo
Still, annoying that it's removed though. I don't wanna sort through these comments that are all chronologically based. Post match threads are fundamentally different and that would have been great for discussion. I'm sure there'll just be some article posted about the game that will fill in tomorrow.
5 apartments in the Dakota? Who does he think he is? John Lennon?
This is the one I actually came here looking for. Plenty of people in this thread are listing roles that people simply did well and made their own. J. K. Simmons took an existing character and played it fucking *perfectly*.
This is insanely awesome. Did you think of this idea yourself?
One topic that I think is getting insanely relevant right now is the line that brands are walking between being hyper-targeted to consumers' needs and being plane creepy. I'm actually conducting some research on that now and find it awesome. Honestly, go with what you are passionate about and it will make your thesis 1000x better and will help you in life.
Valderrama did not close to the majority of his career in MLS.
Not sure why you are getting downvoted. I don't see the point in answering a completely different question
He spent slightly more than 1/4 of his career in MLS and didn't come to the league until he was 35. I'm sorry, but he really doesn't fit the criteria of this question any more than Beckham or Juan Pablo Angel do. I'm not saying he wasn't significant in MLS, I'm saying he simply does not fit into the criteria for the question.
Literally started laughing out loud at this at the office. At one point, when I pointed out that Valderamma didn't spend near a majority of his career in MLS, I got the response that "That's not what was being asked though". When I showed that it was, I got the response: &gt;He still spend a good enough time in MLS to consider it, plus being an instrumental player for both the Mutiny and the Fusion. It's like watching a presidential debate. People just completely ignoring the question to push their personal bias and display their (lack of) historical MLS knowledge. Like it's ok if you're a new fan or your info comes exclusively from Backyard Soccer, but don't get mad at me for trying to keep the conversation on track.
Very similar situation with Susan G Komen. They spend their money on the best way to stop women from dying of breast cancer. The hate for them is generally unfounded.
Because I understand how their corporate structure actually works and don't simply regurgitate misinformation I hear on reddit. What are you gonna tell me next, that Bernie Sanders will be the next president? Seriously, just take 5 minutes to google how wrong you are. The fact that you think they "spend most of their money promoting their own brand" shows how ignorant you are. They are actually rated a 96% on accountability and transparency on Charity Navigator, so tell me again how they are clearly corrupt, oh enlightened one.
They are legally obligated to protect their trademark. If they let other charities use it, then it becomes diluted and ANYONE can use it. That means I could walk around legally selling pink ribbons that say "for a cure" on them and pocket the money. Again, do a little research off of reddit and actually learn about shit rather than just regurgitating what you read on this site.
&gt; From what I understand SGK does not donate much (if any) to cancer research. Serious people. Do some fucking research. In 2013 they donated ~$50 Million to cancer research. The hate for the organization is extremely out of control on this site. Their Charity Navigator scores aren't even bad.
Not really. If I ever see "for the cure" I immediately think breast cancer. If I saw someone selling "for the cure" merchandise, my assumption is that it would be going to breast cancer awareness and research. Now imagine if that person was actually raising money for something else and were basically scamming people who associate that phrase with Komen (which pretty much everyone does). That's the entire point of trademark protection.
Exactly. Everyone on here is throwing out general bullshit they heard on reddit with no actual numbers and no experience with non-profits to compare it to.
Ok let's look at this one point at a time. &gt;They donate ~20% to research Ok, and that 20% is $50MM. %s mean nothing, considering how easy it is to "lie with statistics". Their 20% is significantly higher than anyone else's 20% because of their ability to market well. IF they didn't market their brand, they'd be bringing in less than $50MM. That's just how it is. &gt;But they sugar coat it like they are using all donations to fund thousands of clinical studies, building hospitals, and paying doctors salaries. And they aren't. Simple as that. Again, they are not claiming this at all. You are arguing with a straw man. Their transparency is rated a 96/100 on charity navigator, which is generally considered the authority on these things. Just because people are too lazy to look up what they are giving to, doesn't mean Komen is misrepresenting anything. [If you look at their breakdown of expenses](http://imgur.com/cF1SCJ0) you'd see that people completely misrepresent them on this site. &gt;The Rose (TX), Breastcancer.org (PA), Living Beyond Breast Cancer (PA), and National Breast Cancer Coalition Fund (DC) rank all above 95 on Charity Navigator. You can list other charities, like the ones you did, but realize that those charities are not doing nearly as good job at marketing and do not get as many people to donate. Komen donates magnitudes more to research in $$ terms than they do. If anything, maybe they should start spending more on marketing, as it would raise more money for cancer research.
"they sound great" is pretty much as subjective as it gets. Not even worth arguing over.
Again, I'm not saying SBK is the best charity to give to or that they are the authority on everything cancer-related. I'm just saying that people grossly misrepresent them on this site as some evil corporation. I give to breastcancer.org and participate in some SBK events, but I just get pissed off at the misinformation that gets perpetuated consistently on here. Glad to see that there are some reasonable people on here.
This whole fucking argument is about semantics. He said "they sound great". You said they don't. You can't tell him they don't sound great because "great" is subjective. He could have said a duck farting into a megaphone sounds "great" and you can't tell him otherwise. Great is, *by definition* a subjective word. You can not say &gt;they in-fact do not "sound great" from an objective level. because that's not what the word great means. Maybe he personally prefers the sound of Beats, maybe they are they best he has heard, but none of that makes what he said wrong. You said this: &gt;they most definitely do not sound "great" You even put the word in quotes. I'm sorry that you started an entire argument by not understanding the difference between objectivity and subjectivity, but don't bust out the "arguing semantics" talking point when you started an entire argument based on semantics yourself.
Just actually switched from Fios to TWC in Manhattan and I gotta say that TWC is much better for the same price so far. It has the 5G option and is just faster/doesn't go out as much. Just a personal anecdote though.
&gt; Please tell me which signing was a massive step down from the guy before in the past 3 years? Ok, M'bohli. Who else? Exactly. It's not that our team is getting worse. It's that our team is getting better at a much slower pace than the rest of MLS. Say all you want about the players but results are what matters. We're getting swindled by some businessmen than are taking advantage of the loyalty of Philadelphia sports fans. They haven't gotten a dollar out of me in the past year, and won't until at least Sak is gone. You can call me a bad fan all you want, just know I'll be laughing at you while I spend that extra pocket women actually enjoying and feeling good about myself instead of getting scammed.
I'm sorry but you just seem uninformed on the situation of the club. It's pretty obvious from an inside perspective that even with a great coach, we'd be mediocre at best. When you don't have a starting quality left-back for years, coaching obviously isn't the root of your problems.
not from a PPG perspective.
Carlos Ruiz &amp; Danny Califf both had odd exits.
Sugarman's money is from realestate. He was in talks with MLS in 2007 to bring a team to Philly and was ironing out the details, with the announcement coming in Feb 2008. Coincidentally, 2007-2008 coincided with... [The recession](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Financial_crisis_of_2007%E2%80%9308). Why did the recession happen? [The Housing Bubble burst](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_housing_bubble). It's easy to point fingers for the financial situation, but we basically got insanely unlucky. Can't blame MLS for that.
That's not earlier than the rest of the crash. The US Housing Bubble hit its peak in 2006. There was a decline until the actual burst where shit hit the fan in 2008.
Doesn't mean he has to, or will, sign with them.
Yeah, but things change, that's all I'm saying. He's not exactly waiting in reserve.
I really hope so. It's insane to me that he's STILL only 21. After witnessing [This play](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DW0eCjm9KqU) in person, I knew this kid was going to be special.
The defender got a hand on the ball and he had to grab it again, if you really watch. It was also in the biggest home game of the year, down a touchdown with less than 30 seconds left. Playing under pressure is a key attribute.
Christian Bale undeniably channeled Jim Carey for the role. Especially in [this scene](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8WdEL8DzvaM)
Boots is a unique soul.
It's more about the cap space than the money for him at this point. We're thin, and he is a huge part of the reason for (even though you can put it all on Sak, really).
Damn, knowing the difference, that would have sucked as a kid.
If my family member was making their first start for another city's sports team, I'd honestly probably still come in Philly gear...
&gt; but when he got into office nothing changed at all I'm honestly interested to know how old you are. Because if you think things have not changed, you really haven't been paying attention. The economy is insanely stronger, the economic stimulus worked, he saved the auto industry, implemented socialized health-care, established net-neutrality, implemented Dodd-Frank to reform Wall Street, ended the war in Afganhastan, repealed don't ask don't tell, raised standards for fossil fuel emissions, gave the FDA power to regulate the tobacco industry, and pulled a major 180 on stem-cell research support from the Bush administration. These are just things I thought of off the top of my head. Seriously, to say that nothing changed is to ignore reality.
Or your mental health issues you may be having outside of your normal social life. Social indicators are not always caused by social problems. A good deal of people self-medicate for depression, anxiety and a variety of other mental health reasons.
How do you know it wasn't random people that planned the whole thing for a random party of people they didn't know?
&gt; I don't understand the MLS suspension if he's getting this harsh of a suspension from Open Cup He's an employee of the league. He conducted himself in the spotlight in a way that negatively reflects on his employer. He's getting punished, just like anyone would at any job.
Yeah, but she lost money in the divorce, she didn't gain it so that makes no sense.
She probably married him because she liked him? She's worth literally 40x what he is. It makes zero sense that she would marry him for money. She also offered him $10MM as a divorce settlement. What you are saying literally makes no sense, just stop.
Why wouldn't she actually marry somebody rich and famous then? The only reason 99% of people who know who Humphries is, know of him because of her.
&gt; Or perhaps just auto-forward to their own phone number. If you could autoforward it to another one of their numbers it would be hilarious.
&gt; I haven't met a racist person, or anyone who hates gay people. I'm sure it hasn't come up in conversation, but this just can't possibly be true. Racism and homophobia manifest themselves different in the south than they do in the north, and there may just be different indicators you aren't used to. Remember, the development of race relations in the north is completely different than the south. Structural and institutional racism are stronger in the south, to the point where the racism is more ingrained in society even if you don't see people specifically saying they look down on people of a different race.
You can thank his dad for that, not MLS.
Chivas wasn't poor, they just were shitty owners. We're poor and have shitty owners.
Hard to fire the part-owner.
They were stingy. We're poor. There is a major difference.
Half correct? You said "Who built a smaller stadium?". I answered Yankees, who have the shortest home run deck in MLB. Fuck OP, but I was 100% correct.
What are you trying to show? Yankee Stadium is smaller than CPB. That was the question.
&gt;Where is Crossfire supposed to get money from if it's not pay to play and it gets nothing from developing professional players? There are plenty of places that do not charge players. How did they start? Or maybe you charge and build up money, then stop charging. The point still stands that they had an asking price for developing a player and charged it. Now they are asking to be paid again? That's an absurd concept. They are 2 separate business models. One is high risk high reward, one is low risk low reward. Why should they be allowed to have a low risk high reward model? Free markets don't work like that, and this is against the entire spirit of the FIFA rule.
If you read the page, the scholarship only covers the club fees. He'd still have had to pay for a lot of other things.
The kids pay a club memebership fee, on top of other fees to the club. Again, this is not the norm for top soccer clubs. I'm not saying these things don't exist, but players that are playing professionally and are getting sold with massive transfers almost *never* go through this system. I don't get why people are ignoring the fact that I'm saying it's the top players. That's the entire reason why this rule exists in the first place.
Why wouldn't they? They go there in other sports, and even in MLS you have superstars going places like Montreal. I get the name appeal of NYC and LA, and I live in Manhattan, but people like you need to get off your high horse. Big name players are going to those teams because they have the owners willing to pay for them to try to break through in crowded sports markets, not simply because of the location.
What do you want them to do, go clockwork orange on people? The game was well promoted, so I'm not really sure what the solution is.
OK, and plenty of players would be upset to be drafted by Dolphins or Jets over the Eagles. It's not just about the city, which is the entire point I'm trying to make.
As is my response to a lot of things on this thread, therapy. At least worth a try. It can help you gain a little perspective. Therapy won't necessarily fix what you currently perceive as your problems, but helps your frame them differently so you can stop viewing them as such. Does that make sense?
Shoulda signed that professional contract...
But the point is that MLS wants slow, sustained growth to raise the equity of the teams and brands. Creating a rule to bring big names to MLS, even if it is to the Galaxy, increases the equity of every team. It's a smart business strategy and the league is obviously growing. Once the academies start producing a good amount of talent, that will most likely be the time to raise the cap significantly and change the rules for depth purposes. Until then it makes more sense to keep the cap low and allow exceptions for big names that fill seats.
&gt; I don't think you can simply gloss over Gio's Mexican nationality. But who knows? This will say a whole lot more about Dos Santos than it does the MLS. Why does that matter? Mexico's coach has openly come out in support of his players playing in MLS. There are also an insane amount of Mexican fans in the US that would love this. It's a win for everyone and now reports are coming out at there is a 60-70% chance Chicarito is signing with Orlando.
&gt; Except it comes at the cost of league quality. In the short-term. Again, the owners' goal is longer-term sustainable growth. The current structure is the best option.
Do you have RES (if not, definitely worth getting). You can set the filters to ignore specific users. This is actually the first time I've used it.
Are you suggesting Montreal is somehow more desirable of a place to play than Philly or Houston? Both are much larger metropolitan areas with strong cultures and sporting ties. Similar to Montreal, but bigger. Toronto is more similar to Chicago than NYC or LA and you don't see big stars going to Chi-town. Why? Because of money. That's the difference.
This is a major misconception. Correlation =/= causation. There is no research that suggest marijuana use triggers anything. There is a very high possibility that people you have these illnesses are simply more open to "risky" behavior or are self-medicating for early symptoms. In addition, the ages that typically are experimenting with marijuana use coincides with the ages of onset for many common mental illnesses. I know a lot of people here have anecdotal evidence supporting your comment, but just know that you are spreading unconfirmed information, which is typical in these types of threads.
You're right. End of story. This is why I hate these types of threads. Everyone thinks their anecdote makes them an expert on the subject. It would be like every person who's had a heart attack thinking they are a cardiologist.
This needs to be #1. The amount of people on here spouting bullshit based on anecdotal evidence is insane. It's like people took Psych 101 and completely ignored the 75% of the course where they talk about the scientific method and how it defines Psychology and just paid attention to cognitive dissonance and random snippets of abnormal.
How did you manage to get your M.Ed. while completely ignoring the scientific method? I understand that there are correlations between drug use and mental illness, but to make blanket statements of causation based on your anecdotal evidence is embarrassingly unprofessional for someone with a degree of your level. Maybe addition and other mental health concerns stem from a confounding variable that doesn't involve the drug itself. Maybe you should look into what is causing the drug use. Perhaps that also contributed to blunted personalities. Maybe the worsening of mental illness was inevitable and they are self-medicating with marijuana, as the age of onset for many mental illnesses correlated with typical ages of drug experimentation. I'd like to know what actual academic or clinical research you've done and/or published on this matter. I am not a crazy supporter of marijuana use either, I'm just a crazy supporter of correct information being distributed, especially in a field I spent a good deal of time in.
Do you want to work client side or at an agency or vendor? Almost nobody has their MBA on the agency side, as experience is everything (from what I've seen at the places I've been). Plenty of people have them on client side, but a lot of employers there will pay for you to go back to school while working anyways.
Lol cause this is a conversation on a discussion board on a specific topic and your refute was essentially "you're wrong". You added nothing to the conversation other than showing that you don't know what you're talking about and wanting the other person to be wrong without having the knowledge to disprove them.
Ah, so drunken dope-addicts or glue-sniffers.
Philly is definitely a very racially divisive city and neighborhood lines are pretty evident just by seeing the race of people walking the streets. It's getting better but it's still not good.
I think they're pretty funny... Edit: Cool guys, feel free to downvote me for thinking a notoriously controversial band is funny for their antics which are designed to be humorous, nice.
The Stanford band is a student run organization that purposefully trolls people (have been doing it since the 60s) and don't take themselves too seriously. It's all part of the act. I actually find it kind of refreshing and entertaining.
