Hopefully.
If we could try shooting the fucking puck. You guys aren't talented enough to play like the Sedins.
Holy shit Weber can you please get the fuck out of our lineup?!
Weak goal, Blackwood.
How patriotic of you.
That *may* be the case (I personally disagree but it very well could be) but it could just be a timing thing. Look at how long it took Daniel to get his shot back after the Duncan Keith incident. Most sports don't have kids start playing in the majors until they're 22-24. If Virtanen is that old and still unable to make it in the NHL then I'll be worried. At 19? Yeah, definitely not.
Man, if we could snag Drouin under similar circumstances I would be over the fucking moon.
Ahh the old No True Scotsman argument. Whether Trekkies accept it or not, JJ's new Star Trek movies ARE Star Trek. You guys got your philosophical movies for *years* and you know what happened? They bombed. Film after film, until it looked like Star Trek might be done and then JJ stepped in and revitalized the franchise. Hopefully the success of these films will spawn a TV series for you guys or something, which is what Star Trek is far better suited for, and leave the blockbusters to be exactly that: Blockbusters.
Damn so close for Boeser!
Those are some silky hands
No he's probably jet lagged still
If he did that would be pretty fucking shameful of our fans.
DUDE WTF
No way we're winning one of these.
Barring Henrik's injuries getting more severe I could see the Twins sticking with the team at least another three seasons, probably involving them taking a discount on their next contracts. Would be unreal to see them as our second line once the kids get better. I'd assume Henrik stays captain during that tenure.
Yeah so, ya know, we need to get pucks to the net and get in on the forecheck, the other team is playing hard and we need to play a full two hundred foot game you know
Uh why the fuck is MacIntyre slamming Eddie Lack. Wtf?!
Holy fuck how did I totally forget Tanev lol Jesus.
Oh god when is this circle jerk gonna end? Get the fuck over it, it's four fucking games.
Ferraro was, if that helps give context to this.
Really? Cmon dude, it's 2005.
What? I know that, I was under the impression your comment was arguing that fact.
Dorsett is one of the hardest working Canucks on the ice. Don't hate him for the way Willie deploys him or how much Benning pays his. Prust? Different story. Cracknell is replaceable. But Dorsett I actually like being on the team, so long as he's glued to the fourth line.
Life always holds the uncertainty of death, no matter your profession. Who are we to judge others for what they do? "If you have a daughter you shouldn't be a policeman, or a firefighter, or a taxi driver, or a doctor, or a logger, or a miner, or an airplane pilot, etc etc..."
Again, no one is forcing you to click on these threads. If we want to talk about it we will. You're welcome to do your own thing.
Actually he probably would. One of my logging buddies had a tree fall on him three months or so back and once it healed was back out there. A couple weeks after he got back one of his buddies died on the job. Still went back. It's almost as if people can be aware of the risk and still make a choice on their own despite said risk.
Higgins in, McCann out? #justWilliethings
Never thought the award for Worst Suit Ever could go to anyone other than Don Cherry. Nope, not tonight. This singer man.
Can someone tell me why the fuck Dorsett is on with the Sedins?
Goddamnit Weber can you just stay in the dressing room?
Time for Dorsett, right?
Not his fault for getting stuck with Higgins. Brutal.
LUUUUUUUUUUUUU HOLY FUCK
When is an Edler slap shot *not* blocked immediately leading to a turnover?
Sooooo instead of a $5 Foot Long it's a $4 6 inch? Wtf Subway?
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Way faster than I thought. Honestly liking what I'm seeing so far. Good hustle. Could just be adrenaline from a new team.
Practically nothing about the actual game, just a bunch of off-ice drama. Probably one of the worst Provies I've read.
I mean I get not wanting to switch up the Bo Bae Vrby line and Burrows has been invisible but *fucking Dorsett*??
I think the odd shift would be okay, maybe on a rush play up the ice. Jake's Hockey IQ doesn't mix well with the cycling but if he can just get in front of the net we'd be golden.
I don't think Vrbata even knows what that word means..
Just wait till the r/KassianGifs start rolling
But that's not what you said. You said no team goes from missing the playoffs to winning the Stanley Cup. Context does wonders.
If you're taking time out of your day to watch hockey wives then your opinion is kind of nullified about this.
At this point I can't even tell if people are being sarcastic or not.
Yeah but Bo and Baer are burning hot right now so they've kinda forced his hand.
Way to go.
Is that Mason Raymond in #26?
Is there another way to say it?
Prust doesn't do it enough to make him worth the roster spot. And he only does it against weak opponents.
Came here to say the same thing. Holy fuck the Provies need to stfu about the PA Plan and Gate controversies.
Draft position is literally irrelevant the second the Entry Draft is over.
And give up our only good defencemen to get him? We're not potential buyers for any superstars right now save the free agency.
Sooooo how does this affect the Canadian economy? It sounds like it is gonna hurt it more if there's more oil distributors selling, no?
As it should.
&gt; seen him do it a *few times* &gt; McCann *always* shoots low Alright buddy
Strange request.
And no call on the Baertschi tackle..
How do New York fans feel about the Utica Comets?
Would you prefer Weber?
Except it's way different than the Baertschi situation, if I'm not mistaken Baertschi's contract ran up and he said he wasn't going to re-sign with them, so they traded. He didn't bitch to the media, he didn't refuse to play, and it seemed fairly drama-free, minus the management calling him out publicly. Drouin is still on contract and is letting his agent act like a child and fuck with his career, which sounds an awful lot like what's happened with Johansen.
Best 2nd we've ever spent.
Still 1-0
God this line plays some pretty fucking hockey.
Good ol Jack
*knock knock*
Oi Edler. Nice recovery though.
Wow fuck off don't touch Tanev you fucks
Yeah I embellish all the time after getting my head slammed directly into the boards. Fuck right off, Tanev doesn't embellish.
Since the Tampa game? lol buddy it's been since waaaaay before then.
We are.
Kay is it pronounced Zaleski or Zalewski cuz it's definitely spelled like the latter but Shorthouse keeps saying the former.
Oh okay, I get it. Daniel was just saving this moment for against the Bruins. Beauty.
That movie had far too sloppy of a third act to get a nod for directing. Honestly I was surprised to even see it get a best screenplay nod
I posted this in another thread but I'm going to repost it because it seems relevant enough and anything I said on this thread would just be a re-hash of the same thing so: "Between Bo and Sven ramping up production and still having the scoring Sedin and both Markstrom and Miller playing lights out, Vey and Etem showing chemistry, Burrows sparking, and Sutter getting close to come back then yeah we're definitely no longer gonna be in the running for Matthews. We may not win every game but we are winning games, and getting points when we're not. We survived through a myriad of injuries and are slowly getting back to full health and are actually getting some secondary scoring (to the point where Bo Bae Vrbata are essentially our first line now). We got hit hard earlier this year because the kids weren't doing much, Vrbata was snake bitten, Higgins was here, and we had injuries left right and Center. Biega is in and Weber is out, and Prusts days as a Canuck may be numbered. Miller is back in attack mode. Unless we get another wave of injuries I'd say we're looking at a 10-15 pick (possibly lower if we make the playoffs), which I'm totally okay with. We got Shink at 24, McCann at 24, Demko at 36, so long as we nab some draft picks by the deadline we'll be good. Despite a top heavy Top 5, this draft year is deep and any picks from 10-35 and even beyond are looking solid. Priority being defencemen of course, but BPA is BPA."
Didn't they release a video of the lottery happening and they have representatives from every team in the room including impartial members of the gambling assosciation? There is millions and millions of dollars on the line for 14 different teams during the lottery, they're definitely not going to sit back and let unfair shady shit happen when their team's futures are in question.
Not minding the look of that Zalewski Dorsett Virtanen line
Yeah I checked the rest of the lines immediately after commenting and changed my comment. That's what I get for commenting after reading just the headline!
Oh obviously it's worth asking. Doesn't stop it from being fucking hilarious.
Yup, that's a hook.
Going on two full games right now
BO KNOWS
Back in the doghouse Vey holy fucking shit.
Baertschi McCann Virtanen all have gotten benched for next to nothing. Vey throws the puck in his own net? Let's play him hard in the last 4 minutes! #justWilliethings
Jesus Christ. 5 years ago and you guys won. Get over it.
God, please don't let this gorilla sign with the Canucks next year..
McCann? Couldn't agree more.
How would we have room for him? Who are you envisioning removing from the lineup? Especially when we have Shinkaruk and Gaunce coming up from Utica and Boeser following (hopefully) soon after?
Vrbata is already taking up too much space as it is. We can't replace him with another vet, if he goes we get younger, plain and simple. If not for the rest of the season then definitely by next September. We have too many prospects that need to be given a chance.
Oh god, please let LA re-sign him.
Alright, we get it, they're playing like shit.
Fair enough, all solid points. I obviously can't speak for the other guy but I guess I just misinterpreted a lot of what it sounds like Harrison said. Sorry for that and thanks for explaining!
I check during commercials or stoppages of play otherwise I only take in like half of the game.
Canucks have the sloppiest fucking changes. How do we not have this down by now?
Let's not get ahead of ourselves here, that post also went on to discuss a Virtanen for Hamonic trade happening, which (thank god) has not transpired. It's one thing to see a famous person retweet another famous person and guess they're dating but the real detective shit would come in on the trade part.
Pedan?
Oh I'd definitely prefer Schenn to,say, Bartkowski. I'm fine with adding him but only so long as it's not taking a roster spot from a prospect.
I'm Canadian and I say fuck em. What do we have to apologize for? Making it to the Stanley Cup Finals? Fuck outta here.
Why do we even have commentators in this game if we're just gonna listen to this couple babble on?
Other teams potentially wouldn't have as much incentive to pay big for Hamhuis, as Washington is far more likely to pay whatever it takes to get to the Cup this year with how good they've been doing.
