I've legit had a tan since end of February/early March. Vancouver what! ;)
Title makes it. Bravo.
Looks like my bedsheets in a pile. What a shit sculpture.
Brilliant
My galaxy s6 Lifeproof case fell apart in multiple areas within a couple weeks. Rubber around camera peeling, screen cover really marked up, rubber around sides peeling, audio jack cover kept on falling off (eventually lost), mini USB cover chipped twice and no longer closes, back cover completely scratched up - Do not waste your money on them!!!
They're all over he world. Seriously, go outside.
5pm
Fuck, really need to get this octoclick spasm checked out eh.
Chantelle is one lucky woman.
You think more people being born is a good thing?
Cananida
Hmm, a gas station coffee, or a yard of ham? Decisions.
Maybe she should of picked a better place to take him then?
Ah, thought the same!
Asshole is the new pussy
I don't understand how you could be T-boned on a single-laned rode unless you were blocking an intersection.
Repost
We live in the future. This is awesome.
What did they say?
This was mandatory in the Canadian curriculum when I was growing up.
I came here to say this sub is always Mt Ranier /Mt Hood.
Wow that's ridiculously cheap. Average house price in Vancouver, BC is now $1-million.
Subscribe
Lol. I only seem to date taller long-legged women, but this is pretty funny.
Fuckin Steve
Even though they're going to decemate half their countryside (including the largest fresh water lake in Central America) building the world's largest canal?
Looks like Gaudi
Best
It really seems at this point, from am international perspective, that this state is really saying FU to the rest of the "republic", and just doing what they want. Hell yeh.
This is actually the legit fact.
Seems like 100% whining in the industry though. Source: 1) just finished construction on a software company office. 2) this thread
Found the American
- Woof! - Damn straight!
Wait, SK doesn't have daylight savings?
Well in this time, China industrialized rapidly, and Canada developed techniques to extract oil from the tarsands, so you do the math. Otherwise they would be on par with the States.
Ketchup Maine lmao
It triggers me seeing this buffoon have more money than me, someone trying to make an honest living.
I have been there 3x and therefore have never questioned it's existence. I have never met a Belgiumist, but am intrigued. When are the meetings?
Or speak.
The irony here is that I pay my rent via my internets
Pretty sure you would of been fine with safe n sound and regular drywall.
I'd say in the next year or two you literally won't be able to buy any property for &lt;$1MM in Vancouver. Edit: Less than
They said the same when George W Bush got elected the first time.
I was throwing a roll of tape up into the air repeatedly yesterday whilst talking to my boss until I missed it and hit the work truck. He did not look impressed. I've been interested to know if these things work.
I find this extremely interesting.
Ah, the American education system at its finest.
A lot of American chains Canadianize their logos.
Rest In Peace in piece?
Also first thought.
Hopefully statements like this will deter religious extremists from committing such violent acts.
Blat blat with a cat
This reminds me of the "newest STL superfan" that went viral. "This sport is awesome and insane! What's happening?!"
Great response.
But if they end up getting a pens goalie....
Canucks trade their first round pick.
As I said earlier, Canucks trade their first round pick...
I'm not going to add fuel to the fire, because I've never met the guy personally, but I know his old classmates, and people in WPG... I wouldn't pay anything more than a prove-it deal.
As a Habs fan, I endorse this comment.
This is why we buy Kovy.
This post is so incredibly accurate. I commend the poster for an obviously experienced, but also well-formulated two-cents. Great post.
I mean, the real question here, is what sort of box do you opt for when you international-ship a prize horse.
*drones FIFY
Yikes. They probably will. Martyrdom-an-all.... That's a real scary thought.
Terriby written, this article is.
Womp womp
Face palm. You don't literally eat the bud.
Don't worry, teens suck. You're about to enter the prime of your life. Be excited!
People are so judgmental.
I've read that a rough NHL:KHL ratio is 1:0.80. Edit: corrected auto-correct
Sounds more like the AWESOME train if you ask me.
A handful of protesters picket on Saturday's up by the chicken factory at Commercial and W Georgia.
THIS is peak Vancouver
70% of people on the trails in the city. Another 20% opt for flip flops instead.
Yes, we totally do: Sydney Funnel Web Spider: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sydney_funnel-web_spider Redback Spider: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Redback_spider Tiger Snake Bite Melbourne: https://www.google.ca/amp/s/amp.theguardian.com/environment/2017/jan/06/tiger-snake-bites-father-and-son-in-their-melbourne-home Is Venomous: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tiger_snake Not to mention the sharks, crocodiles, really scary jellyfish, and the most dangerous of all, dropbears. At this point, I'm either failing to see your sarcasm, or convinced you really ARE the Tourism Board of Australia.
Oops I just posted something similar. Kudos! :)
Death by snoo snoo
This comment applies to m-BOOOM
Yeh, they got it from the French, who are still the masters. The rest of the English (for America, "English")-speaking world has already implemented said sense of humour. If you are unaware, you should check out American political comedy by the LEGENDARY John Stewart, Stephen Colbert, Bill Maher, Seth Meyers, British ex-pat John Oliver, Canadian ex-pat Samantha Bee, etc, etc. Some great stuff. I'm sure others can add. Case in point, he's getting hammered at home, comedy-wise, too. He's seriously done-gone fucked up international relations with Europe to the point that he's not welcome. THAT is no joke. Unless you're not American. I personally find the empire-to-ashes scenario fucking #hilarious
It's the only special of his I actually find slightly funny at some parts, and this is specifically one of those moments. Otherwise, I'm not a dad (that I know of), nor balding and rounding 50 (that I know of), ,and find his material completely unrelatable. I honestly have no idea why he's considered an icon. On the flip, he's dope as for nulling scalped ticket numbers in Vancouver, cuz, fuck scalpers. What a boss. Full support.
Will admit I haven't watched wrastling since about 1991, once I was 9 and found out it was fake, along with Santa. Is wrastling a 3hr tv show now?! I zone out for actually sports. Can't imagine watching the Ultimate Warrior v André the Giant for 3 hours! Edit: jk, I know they're gone and it's really sad cuz they were as awesome to me at 9 as monster trucks and the ninja turtles were.
Chapter 34: Don't fuck up the promotion you've been waiting for the last decade.
That is going to be a really long poop
Brilliant
... #Feminism
Meanwhile in Poland, the Domesday Accord led to a Spanish inquisition.
Close enough
#drugzrbad Edit: hashtag, not bold text
I don't get this one. Please enlighten me? Edit: NM, sorted it out
Anyone can get that degree online these days anyway
Hypnotisk.
We're gonna need one of those Costco-sized jars here compadrés.
We wash our ziplocks.
Let me introduce you to the concept of spending all your money on alcohol.
Jar of peanut butter + spoon = you
Wow so cheap! Source: Ex Toronto, current Vancouver (we feel your pain).
If you enjoy beer, we have a tonne of craft breweries in the city. Check out East Van, the subculture hub. Walk north up commercial from Broadway, do a brewery tour at the end (Parallel 49, Bomber, Off the Rail, Strange Fellows &amp; more are all in close vacinity to each other).
Found the kiwi.
I don't get it
I do! I never got any swag on either of my buses this morning :(
Plot twist: Those weren't Translink employees
