As long as I can drive my enviromentally unfriendly land yacht into California and not have a problem, fine. Not really a fan of the "San Angeles" model of environmental regulation.
&gt; Google is WAY more globally-minded about their development community and users' entry into the platform(s) That's not always a good thing. In the case of the US and developed countries, it negatively affects things.
Given that it stands for a certain belief that has many participants forcing themselves on others under threat of murder, no thanks. I like to keep my head attached to my body and the ability to practice my religion. Apparently some people disagree with at least one of those.
Indeed. It's the very thing Reddit's resident SJW population would not like at all.
Thankfully, she received one thanks to 'Murican freedom.
No, she's pointing out the painful truth, and it seems like many people of that religion can't take it - much like Dear Leader Pao and a fair amount of SJW's on Reddit.
As it is practiced in the world, not so much.
Unfortunately, the very people that support it here would be amongst the first.
I was raising the point of what happened after desegregation.
I'm only pointing out that there is an unnaturally strong sentiment in Reddit to play the victim card for the purpose of harassing others.
That came from an era when 4-cylinder turbos were actually about performance and not a way to cut cylinder count.
Unfortunately, they are quite naive in thinking that this would stop them.
No thank you, but I would pass on that suggestion. Reddit would turn it into a SJW version of North Korea.
Given that the product designs appear to consider US (and a fair amount of the original Thinkpad market) as a secondary/legacy market, they hide it well. What you call purism is what I call an understanding of product identity. That black, rectangular slab of durable, maintenance-friendly, well-serviced, no-compromise computing is a large part of what makes it a Thinkpad. The attempts to "consumerize" the platform go against that identity, as they put in the things that drove them away to the Thinkpad. It is instantly recognized not for its fashion, but its ability to smartly do the job. If I wanted something that thought my part of the world as an afterthought, compared to the Chinese home market of Lenovo, I would have not cared. I'd be fine with them turning it to a glorified Dell with Lenovo markings on it. ^(As an aside, is it possible for individuals to order TAA compliant machines, or otherwise force it to be built in North Carolina?)
Another Hongkouver special?
As opposed to Redditors that play the victim card to harass people? (Wow, nice to see that I get brigaded)
They're not listening when it comes to the keyboard. Not only have they doubled down on chiclets, they have also ruined the layout. Whomever thought of that apparently had no idea how the keyboards are used. On the other hand, it took a long time before they put back IPS displays in workstation-class machines (about 7 years). If it was so possible to put one in my W520, I would just as a jab at Lenovo's refusal to do so. (and for those brigading me here, you're doing yourself a disservice)
&gt; Well the newer models are designed to be simpler and smaller. One more reason that I stick with the 4-slot W-series. It is a small price to pay to delay/bypass the nonsense that plagues the smaller machines. Between them and the larger T series equivalents, that's about the only way to get a traditional Thinkpad. &gt; And as far as it being a recent addition, nope. IBM had models with both on-board memory and sockets too (just like Lenovo now offers.) Yes, but they were relatively ancient models (like the 730T, 600/E/X) or had some nonstandard configuration compared to the rest of the lineup. You had to actively seek them out to find them.
&gt; What HDD's have you been using that die more often than every 2-5 years Seagate Momentus series. &gt; SSD's Unlike SSD's, conventional disks don't require one to minimize writes.
&gt; Some companies just tell you you're "doing it wrong". Others fix it. Lenovo fixed it. Lenovo does both. They do the former in the case of the keyboard (aka "you don't *really* need those keys") while doing the latter with the trackpad, display, and whitelists (after a long time of Not Listening).
I extremely doubt that Lenovo would be willing to produce internal data. It's easier for them to produce individuals like Kohut when concerns come that way. That, and it's easy to squelch the Traditionalist subset of 750m-1bn people in the western world when you have billions of people to "stuff the ballot box".
CPU or GPU? I have a T60p that crossed 75 without any second thoughts.
&gt; However, that doesn't mean a free-for-all. The rules will still require a driver behind the wheel, ready and able to take control should something go wrong. As long as that doesn't change, then no problem exists.
Sounds like a cut-rate reader.
That's a mighty large Xerox machine for cars.
It only proves that the most business-friendly modes of work treat the worker as a problem. Tariffs and a deaf ear to the economists can fix that.
ITT: /u/daswraithist shilling for the secrecy of the TPP. It's a trade treaty, not some DoD secret. In addition, the 60 day period isn't likely to change the act, it's a perfunctory measure to placate the public. The last time a bill was shoved through Congress in secret, it had a negative economic impact.
Then release the documents, even if they are preliminary. It affects the public too much to wait for the perfunctory 60-day waiting period. This isn't some military secret which needs such protection, but a trade document that seeks to call upon a surrender of the US.
Still doesn't invalidate that it is an avoidably bad deal.
It's a trade deal, not military secrets. That, and it affects the public in ways that require disclosure. Besides, what changes do you expect in the public period that aren't just PR measures?
It's not a military secret, it's a public matter. Openness is vital to having it be in the favor of the public and not international interests.
...while we get the raw end of the deal - NAFTA's degree of harm x 10 at least. The mystery meat part of it doesn't help you much either. No thanks, but for a deal that affects so much, a perfunctory 60-day period + 4 year secrecy on notes is no good.
Now if they would do unlocked bootloaders, that'd be great. Thanks to T-Mobile, I got the International Edition just to bypass this nonsense. Half the flash memory, but it has more bands (including the other LTE bands that T-Mobile supports) and can be fully opened up. That, and I already have Lollipop if I so wanted.
Given the lack of trust in public officials with existing trade policy, above-normal levels of transparency are not unwarranted. The 60-day period acts more like a reluctant PR gesture than an actual chance to change the direction of the bill. The 4-year embargo on preliminary notes makes it even worse. If you want people to trust in conventional international diplomacy, then give them a reason to do so - where their objections have meaningful impact. Secrecy has its place in matters of national security and the military - not with public-facing trade policy that interfaces with a highly-distrusted legislative body. (side note: if you're suggesting that I read up more on the subject, perhaps you would do well to suggest a starting point.)
Not everyone wants a watered-down device.
Perhaps the burden should be placed a bit more on the business given their entitlement mentality towards "perfect or offshore" candidates.
For those wanting to work for established companies, or startups/contractors with the stability of Fukushima on a bad day?
Any of them based on established companies? Startup/SME's don't exactly have a good track record with being good to their own.
In other words, Texas hates its workers but loves its businesses?
How about those within that set of majors having prior experience, very good grades (&gt;3.7) but no internships? ^(By the way, you can dispense with the sports terminology. It's not a sport.)
That, and your country has the abominations of zero-hour work and permatemping.
That's why it's important to address the entitlement mentality by employers, such that desperation is not a factor in employment.
Not every phone can readily fit to a bluetooth slider. I had to modify an S4 case just to have something fit for my One, while I'm still looking for an equivalent form factor for my Z3.
&gt; They have transcended from *damn* commies to Captain Planet villain of the week.
The problem is that they changed from that to a debadged console controller.
If that's an Nvidia-equipped machine, check its manufacture date (bottom label). If it's at least 8/2008, you should have no problems down the road. If not, hopefully the previous customer had it serviced. This is all due to a known defect with the Nvidia GPU series at the time. If it's an Intel-based board, no worries.
&gt; Lump of labor fallacy DNE as a "fallacy". On the other hand, it does make for a nice hand-wave. &gt; Seems to contradict available evidence about structural unemployment in developed economies Explain? Structural unemployment is a thing - especially when you look at the labor participation rate. That, and the likely argument about a skills gap is about something that does not exist.
There's nothing sports-like about it. Besides, shafting the citizens of developed countries - such as the US - isn't about the "free market". It is about exacting pain on the First World.
&gt; But structural unemployment does not seem to be increasing That's misleading. The conventional measures have shown a peak of losses in 2009/2010 with smaller subsequent net losses. At best, we're treading water; realistically, we're losing faster than the gains can replace. &gt; Lump of labor is a fallacy. Sorry. The way that it has played out since '07/'08, labor pools have operated in a way that suggests otherwise.
It's only -ism if an approved party is being disadvantaged.
Such efforts have gone to different causes over time. 1930s: Stopping FDR by throwing everything and the kitchen sink against him and his interests. 1960s: Former Democrats that switched parties to preserve segregation in the name of "school choice". 1980s: The great onslaught against non-business interests, starting with the PATCO precedent, amnesty for illegal immigration, and widespread use of globalization. 2010s: The conquest of several Midwest states through the use of envy and debt, with the goal of imparting Southern culture in non-Southern states.
Good only if insurance isn't used as forcible wedge against regular cars - much like how environmentalism has forced lesser cars on people.
Naturally, the usual urban Amish suspects are to blame.
That's another idea that needs to stay dead.
What would prevent a subsequent administration from bringing it back in?
Even for MIS majors looking for a decent (re)start? Granted, it's more like the technology side of business, but Dallas has been somewhere on my shortlist. On the other hand, I'm heavily set against agency/CTH employment or those hard-set on having internships. The former tend to shortchange people (aside from DoD contractors), and the latter ignore experience even when it exists.
&gt; Didn't Scott Walker effectively kill the teachers union in Wisconsin Yes, and thank ALEC + a lot of backing. Not sure, but I'm thankful his insanity has been repudiated in Ohio.
&gt; My logic is pretty well laid out for anyone ...which is: Americans bad, guest workers good.
&gt; I work at an MSP That's the next worse thing to a guest worker. All the same curveballs, except everyone gets a crack at the bat.
T-Mobile. Hopefully you have the D6603(International Edition), which skips the carrier nonsense.
It's better than the HTC One on tint though.
In other words, they pledge to go back to the 19th Century before the end of the 21st - save for the environmentalist nomenklatura that can financially exempt themselves from harm.
Look a bit more to the SE: https://www.google.com/maps/place/11%C2%B031'47.0%22N+43%C2%B012'23.4%22E/@11.5295996,43.2069057,328m/data=!3m1!1e3!4m2!3m1!1s0x0:0x0!6m1!1e1
&gt; What exactly do you think entitles US citizens for special consideration in a globalised economy First of all, where do you expect to have a US citizen enter if the entry points are predominantly guest workers? Looks like you're not too familiar with the fraud and abuse of guest worker regulations, especially those that center around 20 CFR 655/20 CFR 656. If US citizens are used to involuntarily transfer over knowledge to non-immigrating guest workers, they are more than qualified for the job. When a job lists qualifications designed to disqualify US citizens, that makes the question of "entitlement" a bad one at best. At least defense contractors are a relatively safe bet for citizens, thanks to clearance requirements. &gt; The corporation is responsible by law to maximise shareholder value. ...which in turn has perverse incentives, such as using a guest worker program to make claims not supported by laws of economics. One cannot claim a shortage while creating a surplus.
For me, they'd have to be in the middle of a Venn diagram of the following: * Large-to-near monolithic presence * Doesn't treat its employees as a problematic commodity * Compensation is not considered a problem * Training isn't an afterthought * Competently does its job Outside of those: * Isn't known as a last resort employer About the only thing remotely resembling that is with government contractors.
So jobs can easily move across borders, but people can't easily follow.
Thank local history for providing such an appropriate situation. His management style makes Ms. Pao and Reddit look like outright amateurs - in both positive and negative ways.
That raises a question: Short of unobtanium TAA/CMV models, do any US exclusives exist?
The SJW contingent of Reddit. If you disagree with them, it is both heresy and obstinacy for not accepting their "superior" narrative.
Reddit, where the SJW's can harass all day long but never get called on it.
They're the only subreddit group that receives no punishment for harassment and brigading, both of which are against Reddit policy.
That's a lie, especially when you can easily track user activity. As long as the SRS group of subreddits exist, you are explicitly approving of their policy violations. Getting rid of them is an easy solution.
When SRS does it.
They do since SRS gets carte blanche from the admins to harass, brigade, and otherwise violate Reddit policy.
They have a perpetual license to violate policy.
It hasn't stopped.
When "social justice" is used as a method of harassment, claims to decency go right out the window.
Looks like the SJW brigade came in. At least it makes RES marking easy.
The last two are more or less sanctioned by the admins through inaction.
Clarified it above.
That's because they only want SJW's to have nice things.
I would have given gold for that, but I don't want to reward Reddit.
Getting rid of those would remove their narrative.
3771 as of this post.
I think the message has been heard loud and clear.
If you're wanting them to do the right thing, would that involve removing the SRS group of subreddits - out of consistency?
They are a group of subreddits that harass, brigade, and otherwise violate Reddit policy. So far, the admins give them a pass on enforcement.
Arbitrary enforcement of policy. Some communities aren't getting removed for their harassment (hi SRS!) while others are (like FPH).
Fixed to address the issues of the diver: http://i.imgur.com/MQI9o2x.jpg
As in the SJW's? They won't stop crying until they get their ultimate safe space.
I wouldn't think so given that 4chan's been taken over by the same folks that plague Reddit.
It's not. The only harassment is from people wanting to remove the sub.
Or Monty Python's - [Bring out your dead!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GU0d8kpybVg)
SRS is about harassment of non-SJW subreddits, with the goal of purging them by report spamming.
No, but the people that want to see FPH (and other subreddits that pierce their paper-thin skin) gone are SJW's.
No idea, willful blindness, or some combination of the two?
So they actually do hire US citizens? I've seen both of them do university recruitment, but my university has a ton of international students. On the other hand, I'd rather work for a defense contractor. They at least have some insulation from the guest worker problem.
How so?
Unlike Ford, they didn't need to fake the audio.
With Ford, it's almost impossible to *not* get EcoBoost. Trucks, cars, and (prison) vans of all sizes get the EcoBoost treatment.
