Yup. I see a lot of disdain for Bran and Jon's stories but they're up there in my favorites.
Flaked corn. Outside of cream ales most brewers get high-horsey and hate on corn, but it can dry some ales out wonderfully. Recently had an IPA that was standard 2-row, light amount of a high crystal, 15% flaked corn and it was absolutely fantastic.
I figured the wall was already there, and it was meant to keep people from the sea out. I could be wrong, but that's what I figured. There wasn't much room from coast-to-wall, so it would be pretty useless otherwise.
These guys brought a damn blizzard with them. I'm sure they don't care for fire, but it's going to take more than some lamps to faze 'em.
You're confusing 'uncivilized' with 'evil'.
Same. Video game violence not so much, but definitely needed over on /r/gifs where female nudity etc is abundent.
Dumb dags are the best dags.
But I'm American. Jeans and polos are my heritage.
Exactly. There's lots of in-book evidence he is an old creature. Never once considered this theory.
Well, we haven't seen Thoros poop out any shadow babies, nor have we seen Mel revive someone. Hard to know.
It gradually gets a bit more main-plot focused... without ever straying from the bad-guy-of-the-week. I still love the show, but it did get frustrating at times when you just want to find out more about The Smoking Man! But it never does.
This game is definitely less toxic than league. In part due to the lack of lobby chat, part due to not being stuck in lane.
IDK - I seriously doubt matchmaking takes AI games into account? Matchmaking is definitely a tough thing for all games -- especially free ones such as HOTS and LoL where someone can 'smurf' and wreck others. But as just a few week old player myself, I haven't found QM that bad at all. I'm thinking it's a combination of extremely bad luck + you aren't any good. Just keep in mind it's all about map awareness and rotating as a team to objectives. If you're losing early game it generally doesn't even matter at this level -- stick together as a team and wreck them.
Im off for the night but am generally on Tues, Wed and Thurs from 5-10 PST or so. Play with another friend generally. Send me a PM if you want to play tomorrow or so.
tree fiddy?
Nope. Gargantuan AI is terrible. I use mine mostly for camps and pushing it seems.
All of my LHBSs have a generic PET carboy that works well. Morebeer and the other big name brand shops do as well. Exactly the same quality as the old BBs I had.
In my old place I had one of those generic plastic cabinets for $50-70: http://www.busybeaver.com/images/subdepartments/550x550/Tall-Cabinet-SB.jpg Could fit my empty kegs on the bottom, two carboys laying on a shelf, hoses etc up top. Now I just have all of my brewing stuff in the garage, and my carboys get stored in a closet. Have thought about getting another one of those though to keep it more organized. Plus once I left my racking hose in the garage and found spiders in it &gt;&lt;. Whatever -- nothing star san can't fix right?
Went there last month after Punchbowl Falls. Pretty nice place!
Yeah and in the first one you think is a 'neat adventure' you forgot the warehouse down the road had some pretty nasty super-concentraded chemicals mixing in with all of the homeowners bleach and toilet cleaners etc.
Hah! That's a nice fantasy, comrade. In my situation unfortunately my glorious pond would be filled with stuff like this: http://www.nydailynews.com/news/world/spanish-man-dies-drinking-detergent-served-wine-article-1.2260890 from one of those cafes.
I can't imagine how rabid a turbonerd a person has to be to repost something just to bitch about it. Yeesh.
I disagree. Comedies start slow in general, but everything else, drama especially, should start on high notes. Breaking Bad, Dexter, BSG, SG1 etc etc so many great ep1 shows out there.
Good advice, really the only thing to do is be vigilant. Whenever I've been searching for an apartment/house.. hell anything I want to buy on Craiglist, you just have to search as often as you can and call immediately if you find something you like. I'd search in the morning when drinking my coffee at work, again near lunch, and again at night. I got my current townhouse by calling and scheduling an appointment right away. There were 17 people that called after me, that day alone.
Damn. impressive.
Youve been drinking extremely shitty sangria..
I'd go phlog pyro and eat the delicious heavies.
Worth a shot giving the police her number. I once had a really sketchy hit and run case, where someone backed into my parked car and totally destroyed it (how is that even possible?). Guy left his name and number, but when I called he wouldnt give me any insurance info etc. I gave it to the police and he quickly confessed. Turns out it was a teen driving his Dad's truck and daddy was dishonest and told him not to talk to me.
The thing that worries me is not when he'll finish TWOW, but when he'll finish the series. 6 years for this book, how long is it going to take him to finish the last book? Tie up all the loose strings and make everything come together?
It looks cool..
Finally a house I might be able to afford. Maybe.
It was great, that's for sure. It was a perfect adaptation. Not sure I'd say it was better, since it's so so close though.
Person who jumped ontop is lucky they didnt get crushed and seriously hurt.
He was terrible in it.
tl;dr
He has control of it all... he could simply say piss off to everyone and not finish it. Nothing anyone can do about it.
I didnt know your mum had a mic
Portland OR? When/where do you guys meet? I'm out of Tualatin. I did one here on the west side last summer and it was way too much bubblegum beer for me.. kinda scared of more clubs now &gt;&lt;
But besides other pyros who gets so close? Whenever I play Phlog against a competent heavy/demo/soldier/sniper I just get crushed usually. All they have to do is backpeddle and shoot and I cant touch them. I do admit on some maps the flank potential makes it pretty stupid, however. Honestly I dont even feel the phlog is to blame, but scorch shot is incredibly OP. You can light up an entire team so easy, completely nullify their snipers, and get phlog charged so quick. I think Phlog needs to nerf how much burn damage from secondaries charges it. Maybe 50% flame-damage charge from secondary burn.
The sentence you quoted was in regards to "trick"stabs, not phlog.
The one watching thinks he tied one knot, the one tying it thinks he did the other. He mentions arguing with himself over it, and cant decide which he tied. edit: know/knot &gt;&lt;
The only thing generally detrimental about city water is the use of chloramines. If yours has it you need to get some Campden tablets. Besides that it's all just recipe-specific. You need to keep your pH within a range, and then there's certain flavor profiles (high sulfate for IPAs, for instance) that help make your beers really pop. So just going from your base water you'll probably find that either your light or dark beers always seem just OK, while the others turn out great. Grab your cities water profile and download brunwater. It's going to be extremely overwhelming at first but there are some good guides and a lot of help over on HBT science section.
Oooh, tasty.
What's the use for this? Is it for minis?
Why ever turn reload off?
Minerals are definitely beneficial taste wise. Also well water is usually hard, but all over the place based on your water shed. You might have extremely high bicarbonate content and need to cut with RO.
Soft water is a great thing to have. I live in Portland OR and have extremely soft water too. General rule of thumb is for lighter beers you'll need to add some acid to bring the pH down. In heavy roast beers you'll possibly need to add some bicarbonate (baking soda is easy) to bump the pH up a bit. Beyond that there's some personal preference; add sulfate for IPAs and chloride for maltier beers. Strongly advise you not to add things willy-nilly though unless it's just basic things like http://www.homebrewtalk.com/showthread.php?t=198460 (assuming youre doing all grain). If you dont have a good water profile and brunwater or other calculator you can do more harm than good.
Love seeing all the trucks. Stereotyping, sure, but I always feel they're the worst offenders. HURR DURR MA 4WD MEANS 4WHEEL STOP
I got a Fit to fit my Great Dane. I'm still unsure how magnets work, but I believe so.
Just wanting everyone to know the 'burbs out here are pretty good. Last month when it was flooding I opened my arms to beckon yonder, with a warm and dry embrace. Now I once again extend my hospitality of ice-free embrace. We can all drive merily and make fun of bicyclists together.
Greatest building in the world!
Wow, that's really shitty. What now? Are there placed to get shitfaced at 7:50am?
I wear my studded shoes all winter so that I don't have to worry about chaining up on days like this.
It doesnt look so high anymore. It's a free chair though.
If only he had one of those fancy windows machines instead of only writing on a DOS desktop =\
Roads are looking pretty good now... think I might go to work.
Already had a french press this morning... kinda coffee'd out. Also, mayhaps I'm in the wrong thread, but I don't like hot cocoa &gt;&lt;
First time eh? It's beautiful like the valley here and they have 100 different kinds of pork cuts and brats. fuckin BRATS bro.
Exactly. I'm rich enough already.
You mean Django or whatever the hell they're called.
Is it still bad out there near you? I went out at 7 and it was iced hell outside, couldn't even walk on my lawn without slipping. Tried again at 11 and it was perfectly fine (just slush) and came in to work. Our parking lot etc here doesnt even have remnants of ice now at 2:40.
Put the fruit in a BIAB/hopsock type bag and pull it out when youre done with it.
And if it looks to be under $500 in damage the cops give you a bunch of sass about calling them. Whatever, not getting screwed by insurance.
Spring rolls will cure all of your woes.
You need to perfect the barrel roll.
I'm eternally in serious need of good side-recipe ideas. I get bored of misc sauteed veggies and the wife has a wheat allergy (basically means gluten free) so pasta sides etc are out. Prefer to do something healthier than just taters or rice too. Would love some good ideas. Basically... what can I do to spruce up some veg?
Was where I am at least. Everything is melted, barely any slush left on my lawn. Cars were clean. Roads are perfectly fine.
Just neat and historic. But yeah, storing slurry in a mason jar is going to be the better route.
Give us a recent recipe. And any idea what your water profile is like? Do you find other light beers to be lacking in things as well? Do your dark beers come out great?
It was the flip-flopping. When she's in the Eyrie and covers for Baelish she starts being a player. When she dies her hair black and comes down as a total bombshell it was exciting. Then she goes back to pitiful damsel in distress immediately afterwards. Either have her start being a player or have her continue to get crushed by the Lannisters/Boltons.
I love the last two, but only because I started reading right after S1, so I wasn't waiting 6 years for not much to advance. They definitely are bloated, but the depth is amazing. Goldenhand's chapters are some of the best in the series.
They sure love sitting like that! Love that color pattern.
Yeah, my KS black box cost about everything spare I had.
I love the last weapon key. It's so easy to hit Q instead of 1-2-3-4.
Good mroing friend
Knowing what is to happen definitely alters your experience. Like how in good dramas today even the main characters aren't safe. Having your characters get into sticky situations just isn't suspenseful anymore if everyone knows they're going to be fine.
Wow, sorry to hear you've been on the receiving end of it. Nothing good ever comes from turbonerd vigilantism.
Stargate SG-1 for me. The first few seasons are just absolutely insane. Love their take on mythology and villains. It's unique and really good. It drops off towards the end unfortunately. Battlestar Galactica is still fresh in my mind as probably the worst ending to a show I've seen apart from Dexter. I loved it at first too, but that last season killed it for me. Star Trek (only one I've watched entirely is TNG) is great, but the episodic nature gets old to me.
Yup, season 2 was very good to me as well. It seems most people on Reddit just don't like TWD unless they're blasting zombies nonstop every episode. I don't get it. Season 3 and 4 pre-terminus were the worst for me. The drew The Governor plot out way, way too long. If they had condensed those two seasons into one it'd have been great and a successful villain. Everything after Terminus was absolutely killing it in my opinion. Loved it. Then the last half of this past season (Glenn shenanigans) has me not even wanting to watch anymore. No idea why they would ruin all of the momentum they had with that garbage.
There was a trailer for it when I went to see, I think, Star Wars. It was really bad. Rehuheheeeely bad.
I vacuum my living room a couple times a week now, with a more thorough deep clean more sporadically. It takes like 2 mins to do a quick runover. I'm not sure if it's more about the hair or him dropping treat particles all over my carpet.
Glorious, yes.
Mine's barely a step up from yours. In the garage next to my homebrew setup. I have a folding patio set next to the garage door.. but it's also next to the kegerator ;)
Tonnes of fantastic breweries here. Take your pick. Cascade, Commons, Breakside, Deschutes, HUB, so many. Brunch I'm not too versed on. Genies is fantastic. If youre wanting something spendy there's a place called Salty's that does a seafood and typical breakfast food buffet. I think it's $50ish a pop, but man o man eating your weight in lox, crab, crepe, biscuits etc is worth.
Id rather just wait.
A different better, not necessarily a worse one.
Looks like fermenting beer. That's just yeast cloudiness, and also the activity keeps everything churning.
What's your number? I'll send you some smile-selfies.
Gold!
Wow. I hope that power line is ready to face federal charges!
Damn I was just about to post this one too. Great article.
Wow. I just got a Dane about a month ago (11mo now) and he was 110 at 10mos, cant imagine 140 at 7! Granted his previous owners seemed to be underfeeding him, and poor food.
Is there any reason to believe he dies from something more sinister, like mutiny, than just the explosion/fire stuff at Summerhall?
When I'm king a daily allowance of tots will be given to all of my loyal subjects.
Dont worry, after Glenn it's apparently they won't kill off any major character at all.
I always find it odd/tacky to do it infront of other people, so I vote to go somewhere scenic. Whether it's an easy hike out in The Gorge, or maybe a nice picnic somewhere?
&gt; Something unique to Portland? A romantic proposal waiting in line at Voodoo next to the homeless camps.
Must see scenic areas? Without a doubt go to the Columbia River Gorge, or could go to Mt Hood area if you'd rather have mtn views. These are touristy places, but just an idea for you to see how beautiful it is, google image these: Vista house, multnomah falls, angels rest hike. Unfortunately in August everything accessible will be busy. Will have to do a decent hike or maybe just pull over somewhere to picnic. Portland proper has the Forest Park, Washington Park, Rose test garden etc which will also be traversed but plenty of nooks for you to picnic and propose in. Edit: also a lot of people here love the coast. It's pretty, but it's cold and windy so I don't get the big deal. A couple hour drive and you could certainly find somewhere pretty to pull off and propose somewhere along hwy101.
Yeah yeah, but what's the cultural impact? =\
Running out of CO2 is perfectly fine. The keg is sealed so no oxygen is getting in. If you pulled pints until it wouldnt flow your beer might be pretty undercarbed by the time you get more CO2, nothing a day of charging wont fix.
