12, Dennis Martinez 6/2/98. Danks' is the 15th of ten or more in that span.
Any part of the bench in any dugout in any major league park. How did anyone else get here without that being their answer?
&gt; To you, it's just a baseball. That thing can brighten a kid's whole day though. Why would it be "just a baseball" to the grown man? If his reasoning was that he'd never caught one before, then obviously it means more to him than being "just a baseball." The whole damned *game* is grown men running around doing what kids do. I would be willing to bet that the ball means far, far more to the man than to the kid. If I had been given a ball as a kid, I don't know what I would have done with it. Probably played with it myself in the yard. I certainly wouldn't have bragged to my friends or anything, since after all, I was *given* the thing. I didn't catch it. But when I caught a foul ball at the age of 23, I was old enough to know exactly what that ball was. It was a piece of the game I love, that I had spent 23 years building up a deep, romantic appreciation for. Something that I revered, cherished as sacred, and out of it popped a little tiny piece that fell into *my* hands. I can look up the play-by-play and see the word "Foul" and know that *I caught that foul*, that that word is indelibly etched into baseball's permanent history and it involved *me.* It was an *honor*. No kid thinks of it that way. You are only obligated to give a kid a ball if you directly interfere with his/her chance to catch/retrieve it themselves. Otherwise it's yours.
Of course that's how it is. What you say with scorn I say with conviction. It really, really does mean that much to me.
ITT: quite a lot of people who are ignoring the butterfly effect. As soon as you start interfering with past events, everything starts to change, and those changes snowball into large, global changes over time. If we're talking a span of 3000 years, by the time you made it back to 2015, not a single person on this planet (including you, though I suspect the genie would take care of this paradox) would have been born, nor would their parents, grandparents, etc. There would be people, but they'd be an entirely different set of people. There would be no computers or automobiles or airplanes, no television or radio, *unless someone happened to come up with them on their own.* The English language, if it had been allowed to evolve at all, would be entirely different. The countries we know wouldn't exist. Maybe the new world would be objectively better. Maybe it would be much worse. Rather than take the chance, I'd either decline the offer or find a cave to sit in for 3000 years.
The only explanation I can think of is the first pitch. It was low and away, looked good and the ump raised his arm and clearly called strike. It's possible that he then changed his mind and it wasn't captured on video. The other strike was dead center and Votto swung and missed.
The angle from directly behind the fan at 2:46 does show that he didn't touch the ball. I wonder if the replay man didn't see that angle, because it looked pretty cut-and-dry to me. Maybe his very presence counted as interference, which I suppose is the spirit of the rule if not the letter.
Adding the /s ruins the humor. Let it stand on its own merit, and if the joke is well-phrased and contextually appropriate, people with intelligence will appreciate it.
Maybe it's because I recently watched *Baseball* but I read this in John Chancellor's voice.
Having a magical run in the regular season only to be annihilated in the end by the Yankees. I mean, they made a *musical* about it.
I've never seen a bat carry through the zone that fast. All I've seen so far is his last PA where he walked, but each time he swung I don't think the bat stayed over the plate for more than a frame. I have this weird feeling that I'm going to remember what I was doing when I tuned into the eighth inning of the choppy mlbtv stream of Joey Gallo's debut.
Some of that seemed to be channeling the roommate from Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt.
It needs to be stressed that it happened in the *same series to opposing teams*, and that neither pitcher walked anyone. This Is The Greatest Game In The World.
The kid needs a nickname to go with the stellar career he's about to begin. I propose "The Iron Giant" but I'm willing to hear other suggestions.
He can't slap it past him because if he could then they wouldn't shift on him.
His job is to see if there's *conclusive evidence to overturn the call on the field.* That's how it's supposed to be approached.
To fall down at your door
As far as I know, field umpires are still empowered to overturn their own calls, which they should have been able to do after watching the replay on the jumbotron.
&gt; 2004-2015 (so 10 yrs, plus two months) That's actually 11 years and two months.
My OCD *hated* the uneven divisions. My OCD *still* hates the uneven schedule and playing the same interleague teams over and over. It could easily be fixed but they don't care.
The National League was founded in 1876 and for much of the 19th century it was all there was. There were rival leagues occasionally, often with different business practices and the gumption to steal NL players away, but they all faded away. Then the American League declared its majority status, had the money and clout to threaten the NL, and all the "senior circuit" could do is accept the new rivals. They gradually started to incorporate themselves together, with codes of conduct, a commissioner, and collective bargaining, and eventually we just started calling it Major League Baseball. The rules were exactly the same until 1973 when the AL adopted the DH and the NL didn't.
Well, there is a reason, which is that there are seven days in a week and that's not a multiple of 3. They want one series each weekend, and stacking 3-game series one after another would quickly ruin that alignment. Scheduling an off-day every week would lengthen the season considerably. The alternative is to play a 4-game series one week and have an off-day the next. In practice it doesn't work out that evenly but it's the general idea.
And the confusion probably stems from the fact that they kept "league" in their names. The same thing happened in the NFL but the two merging leagues became "conferences" instead.
If I'm the batter and they move the catcher into the field, I'm just going to swing and miss at three straight pitches and saunter to first on a strikeout. Doesn't seem to be a particularly intelligent defensive move.
Why not "don't cross the streams?"
I'll leave it to you to figure out the details of what befell each player. &gt; *Well, Mr. Burns had done it* &gt; *The power plant had won it* &gt; *With Torii Hunter counting every mile* &gt; *Buster Posey's got gaps in his smile* &gt; *And Ryan Howard's missing in the tire pile* &gt; &gt; *We're talkin' softball* &gt; *From Anaheim to Scranton* &gt; *Talkin' softball* &gt; *From Moustakas to Stanton* &gt; *Hamilton is playing hide and seek* &gt; *The Feds are on the hunt for Rickie Weeks* &gt; *We're talkin' Homer, Tulo, and the Freak*
Honestly I think this sort of thing is why players have twitter accounts. It's not something you do on the field, but maybe pass by the clubhouse the next day, and if the team has left then you make 140 characters out of it.
If there's been a greater regular-season game ever played, it's not been nominated so far.
I was there but I don't remember it as a positive *experience*. The tension and the pressure (and the noise) were too much. By the end I would have taken a loss just so it would be over.
A dangerous attitude in the spoiling game. It's got us into trouble before.
ChillOne helped us most of the way through S6 but his source faltered in S8. And then there's missyae. Even Snewser got a couple things wrong. Since Redmond isn't actually *spoiling* in this particular case, it isn't a problem right now, but it's an attitude we who take the game seriously should avoid adopting.
&gt; On 1, it seems historically certain that Jesus really existed and was a popular preacher. The bulk of writings about Jesus talk about the things he said and did before his death. There is no contemporary evidence of the existence of Jesus. None at all. I'm happy to be wrong on the subject if presented with good evidence. When historians "agree that Jesus existed," the conclusion basically revolves around "it's difficult to believe the man was invented entirely out of whole cloth." History is not a science and they're not held to the same rigors of testability or burden of proof.
What do we know about Anne Frank? Is it just her diary? It isn't, because there is plenty of evidence *outside her diary* that she was a historical person and that the events she describes in her diary actually happened. It's *externally corroborated.* The Gospels don't have *anything* corroborating them. They were written after the fact by authors we can't be sure of and there's nothing else that backs them up. If all the external evidence of Anne Frank were to be lost, the photographs and Dutch and German records and all eyewitness accounts, and all the cultural memory we've collected about these things, and in two thousand years all we had was her diary, *then we could doubt her existence too.*
In this example I suspect there are ways of determining the battle took place. Digging around in records and the location and such. If you're looking for details of how the battle went, then you might only have those two sources, but what should be considered is whether those sources have influence on each other. Do they have the same biases, did they experience it from different perspectives, etc. If we conclude that those sources aren't good enough, and there isn't anything else, then it would be justifiable to doubt the historical veracity of the Battle of Carrhae.
I like the phrasing of this question as opposed to the usual "what record is unbreakable?" After seeing Ripken, Ichiro, Henderson and McGwire/Sosa/Bonds all in my lifetime, I don't accept the notion that any record is unbreakable. The game can change.
If folks weren't so scared of sabermetrics the starters could just be automatically determined by highest WAR through June 30.
Target Field, named the best sports complex in the country when it opened just five years ago, is leased to the club through 2037. You might literally be the first person to mention the Twins and relocation in the same sentence since the park was approved.
The Twins have a rookie reliever, JR Graham, who wears full stirrups. His mother is legally blind and he wears them so she can pick him out on the field. As a pitcher you'd think it would be pretty easy to keep track of him, but it goes back to his Little League days and he's kept up the tradition.
An interviewee in Ken Burns' series notes the fortuitous serendipity of that particular choice. Had it been 87 feet, think of the close plays at first that wouldn't have happened, the number of times the stolen base record would have been smashed. Had it been 93 feet, batting averages would plummet and double plays would be mundane. 90 feet was *perfect.*
The only people not allowed to discuss a no-hitter are the players on the pitcher's team. The other team, the broadcasters, the fans are allowed to do whatever they want.
OH COME ON!!!
First tripler scored on the second triple, second was picked off on a botched squeeze plot, and the third was stranded.
It wasn't an actual play, the batter missed the sign and failed to swing, allowing the runner to be easily picked off.
This was something instituted when interleague was normalized season-wide. The two-and-two series is intended to be against your interleague "rival," except in years where the interleague rotation schedule has you play all the teams in your "rival's" division. That's happening this year, and so instead of having it be a rivalry series, it's a two-and-two series against another opponent in that division.
In my head I would put it around the late 70s/early 80s when the money involved in the game began to take off exponentially (free agency, tv deals, etc.). [This is a photograph of a Dodger Stadium crowd in the 1970s](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/cf/Pete_rose_at_bat.jpg). You'd be hard-pressed to find even a cap, let alone a jersey in those seats. Modern Dodger fans might forgive me when I say that LA was never the most rabid of baseball towns, but the team was competitive throughout the decade and obviously the seats were full. Merchandise just wasn't a thing back then.
And the crowd respects it. I dunno if anyone's ever said this, but Cardinals fans are pretty good.
When interleague first started in the 90s, the teams you played were almost random. The exception was your "natural rival," the team which in most cases was geographically closest to you (Yankees-Mets, Rays-Marlins, etc.). You played that team every year. When they expanded interleague in 2013, they gave it some structure: you played all the teams in a specific division, which rotated from year to year. However, they kept the "rival" concept by adding a two-and-two series that would be played each year no matter what other teams you played in interleague. The exception is when the interleague division you play is the same one in which your rival plays. In that case, your rival simply becomes part of your normal interleague schedule. The two-and-two series, however, remains in the schedule (somewhat inexplicably), and is played against *another* team in that division. That's what's happening this year: each division is playing its interleague counterpart (East vs. East, etc.). Since all the rivals are now lined up by division, the two-and-two series isn't played against the rival, but against another interleague team.
This case is a little extreme. The last time a team was this dominant (seven members of the 1957 Reds), they actually did take voting away for 12 years.
There has never been a major-leaguer with a last name starting with X. The 1926 World Series ended with Babe Ruth caught stealing second. The Padres have never played in Toronto. The Blue Jays have played in San Diego three times.
Net neutrality should have no effect on MLB's streaming performance. The streams suck for me but I tend to chalk that up to going through a VPN because they won't let me watch my home team.
BR updates every morning, but they don't have their own database (they use Lahman's among others). In order to keep a personal database updated through a current season, you have to update it yourself.
I haven't voted yet. Why would I vote a third of the way into the season? I vote during the last day or so, and vote by WAR. So if I were to vote today, it would be Martin Miggy Kipnis Donaldson Trout Iglesias Cain Kiermaier, and Posey Goldschmidt Gordon Frazier Crawford Harper Stanton Pollock.
A year ago I went to DC and saw the entire Smithsonian. After listening to other tourists for five minutes in the first museum I took out my phone and my earbuds and turned on Spotify. Listened to someone's opera playlist the entire week. Don't even particularly care for opera, I just thought it was most appropriate to the setting. It was amazing.
What part of what he said isn't true?
They played Letterman and Dave started randomly saying "I fink you freeky...and I like you a lot" for days afterward. Making that kind of impression on Dave is quite a feat.
Keep in mind that none of them would have actually been there. Few children would have attended a World Series at that time, and of those even fewer would have been girls (almost all people over the age of 107 are female).
I'm just out of frame on your right. Recognize the Rizzo guy in the front. Definitely not "cheap" seats, but I like 'em.
Um, if you go straight for her she'd be able to take you down without even thinking about it. No, you gotta flank her at oblique angles.
Raise your hand if your fantasy opponent had Scherzer this week.
We all know there's a difference between "getting votes" and "actually worthy of the Hall."
Now now, Infante isn't eligible yet. You're probably thinking of Mark Gubicza.
If I could stop you from suffering, I would. That's the difference between me and your god.
I didn't realize this was a Sporcle link and I also thought it was an "average days" trivia question. And yes I'm pretty sure ol' Peas 'n Carrots Keith would be the answer.
Well, he stoops down a bit to clunk them on the head with his padded elbow.
I think this is a case where it's up to you. For instance, when something happens to a runner during a PA, I only record it in the runner's box (like a little "SB" in the corner); the batter gets an "X" instead of a "\" on that pitch to show me when it occurred. I'd probably do the same thing in your situation, except in the batter's box I'd scrawl something like "No PA, runner picked off" just to indicate to myself not to count that box as a PA. The operative words here are "me" and "myself," because unless you're the official scorer of a game, you're likely to be the only one who needs to decipher your scorekeeping methods. So you can do whatever you want.
Someone with more time than I currently have could just go through each number and see which one adds up to the most WAR from each position (though they should only count players who were known by that number).
I think it is folly to consider *any* record truly untouchable. The article makes some pretty daring statements. Declaring Van der Meer's feat unbreakable is, as others have pointed out, bad timing, after what Scherzer did last week. What they're basically doing is saying that records are unbreakable *in the game's current state.* Sure, no one's going to win 59 games *this season.* Or next season, or for the foreseeable future. But the game *changes.* Radbourn won 59 games when baseball was a vastly different endeavor. It's changed a lot. *And it will continue to change.* One day we may find 60-game winners to be commonplace. *Everyone* said Gehrig's streak was untouchable. Right up to '95, no one thought Ripken *really could* do it. He did it, and kept right on going. Someday I think someone will beat him too. Why isn't 73 on the list? The steroid era is over. Why don't we believe that no one will ever break Bonds' record? Is it because he made it look easy...that it seems like anyone, under the right circumstances, could clobber the ball out of the park with equal frequency? I don't see the difference between hitting 762 home runs and earning 110 shutouts. I really don't. When I was a kid, Roger Maris was a record-holder. Lou Brock and George Sisler and Henry Aaron were record-holders. Not anymore. All things end.
Wow, I don't see any comments saying "you ever stop to think maybe the last guy parked just as badly and they were forced to do this?" Those make me angrier than the parking job itself.
Isn't that just where the Mets AAA affiliate plays?
Not for long, though. The United Federation of Planets, established 2161, is known in at least one timeline to survive into the 31st century.
Fun. When you look in the dugout and see everyone laughing, doing little dances and handshakes they came up with, when they have in-jokes and story arcs in the press, you have a team that's a *team* and not just 25 guys making money. Teams win.
While this was fun for a while, the problem is that if it were actually a "curse," you'd think that it'd be easy to identify what *ended* the curse.
Actually I just thought of a good candidate. The Royal Rooters claimed the bleachers of Huntington for most of the first two decades of the team's existence. Their signature song was "Tessie, You Are the Only" which they would modify to praise/heckle an appropriate player. Though they moved with the club to Fenway, they gradually drifted away and weren't heard much after...1918. "Tessie" remained in the subconscious of the Boston mystique, and it was brought back to popularity by the Dropkick Murphys, who released a cover (the lyrics now about the Rooters themselves and a famous story about a riot they started when their seats were sold to other patrons)...in June 2004.
Just going by how much I've played them, it would be something among: Tetris (NES) Super Mario Kart SimCity (SNES) Grand Theft Auto IV Minecraft Those are my *favorites*. The *best* games I've ever played are Mario Galaxy 1/2, Portal 1/2, and The Last of Us.
I'm just doing it from memory so I have no idea what key it's in, but in C Major it's D BCD G F E D BCD GA AG
Game 163, although it was so tense and the Dome was so loud that I did not have a positive experience.
I guess I'm missing something. Wouldn't it be perfectly reasonable to assume that a team's winning percentage halfway through the season will be pretty close to its winning percentage at the end of the season? Teams do fall apart / catch fire, but as you can see it's relatively rare.
That actually looks really cool. It's tailored to pro ball which isn't common in scorebooks.
I'm not prepared to say it's better, but the nature of today's game allows for the whole country to experience the fun / frustration of every team. We can all get together and cultivate the stories and the memes, and the players feed off that.
Indeed. And I was actually at the park and promising myself not to cheat by using my phone. But in a similar vein, one of my favorite Simpsons jokes, by the Vin Scully character: "That's an E3 for those of you keeping score at home...and if you are keeping score at home, your loneliness saddens me."
If it really is dying then maybe it's a profession that someone like me could excel at. I would *love* to keep score...maybe not the official scorer (the pressure of killing no-hitters would drive me nuts), but someone who compiles statistics for a team or for a website.
The opposite should be true. I don't often pay enough attention to tell you how a particular batter has done in his previous at-bats. But when I'm keeping score I can tell you how everyone has done *without looking at the book,* because I've written it down (at work I carry a notepad to write down things to remember, and I never look at it because the act of writing it down makes me memorize it). It does take practice, since if there's a particularly complex play (an outfielder muffs a fly, and the batter-runner is caught in a rundown where the ball changes hands several times) you can find yourself still scribbling and checking the scoreboard by the time the next batter starts taking pitches. If anything, scorekeeping can put too *much* attention on the game. After all, the beauty of baseball is that you get that time between pitches, between batters, when you look around at the people in the stands, look at the sky and note how much it's changed color since you sat down, look at the scoreboard and make the red letters move around by tilting your head back and forth (chromatic aberration...if you can't do it, don't ask), look down the aisle for the hot dog guy...that's a crucial part of the experience. You can't score that.
Well it's an error, let's say E9, and then a 9-5-1-6 putout. I'd trace the diamond to about halfway between second and third, the E9 goes in the primary "what the batter did" part of the box, and the 9-5-1-6 gets crammed in above the SS position where the tag occurred.
Costas is a poet and we need more like him. But he was trying a bit too hard here.
If you plopped Maya Angelou in front of a microphone and made her describe her surroundings for three hours I bet you'd get one or two fart jokes.
For me I had to hit rock bottom spiritually. I had relied on God to help me through tough times, prayed for good fortune, for happiness, and none of it ever came to pass (or at least the success rate was no better than chance). I was constantly afraid that if I questioned God, he'd punish me. But I was so lost in my life that I was essentially being punished anyway. So finally I couldn't take it anymore and essentially told God "listen, I've had enough of this. I've been a good person and good things don't happen to me. If you want me to keep going this way, to keep praying, I need you to give me a sign. Otherwise I have to give up." Nothing. So I finally took a chance and started thinking critically. What I came to realize is that my "worship" of God was little more than OCD, that if I don't do these rituals then I'll be punished by some unseen force. Over the course of a couple of weeks, maybe less, I had gone from a terrified theist to an agnostic atheist. I cried, but they were tears of relief and release. The greatest help in that process was this very sub. It was a different place at the time, full of reposted memes, but they were crucial in letting me know that it was okay to take this road.
That's an excellent story and it's even heavier later on when Red admits that he almost quit when Robinson was signed. It was Rickey's stoic command of the endeavor that kept him going. There are plenty more stories in the Burns series just like that, told with such mastery...Studs Terkel and Robert Creamer and obviously Buck O'Neil (and the 10th Inning is no slouch either). That show really was made at the perfect time, right before baseball's new renaissance when the game needed to be reminded of its historical, romantic nature, and when you could still talk to guys who played with Babe Ruth, who played in the Negro Leagues, who had a perspective that we literally no longer have just twenty years later.
Like you I didn't see Bull Durham until I was a lot older, and I didn't find it especially compelling. I was "in" Little Big League (I attended a game at which they filmed the ending, so technically I'm in the crowd).
Graham is one of 993 players found by the Play Index to have played in exactly one major league game. This includes twelve players who debuted this year but have only been in one game so far. Steven Matz is listed as the 18,540th major-leaguer, meaning the 993 one-gamers total about five percent of everyone who has played the game. You'd find more cups of coffee in the morning rush of an average Starbucks. But the cups of coffee at Starbucks don't each have their own Wikipedia page. Put on a uniform and walk between those foul lines, even for the briefest of moments, and you are an immortal.
Was that "rookie card" being touted as his actual rookie card? Because...that's quite obviously not a 1905 baseball card.
No. There are 77 players who have a *hit* in their only AB. Twelve of those were doubles (including Brandon Lyon, who played in 572 games and finished with a lifetime SLG of 2.000), and four were triples. 38 men had only one *plate appearance* in which they drew a walk (including, of course, Eddie Gaedel). A further six had one PA and were hit by a pitch. And perhaps the saddest of all: 22 have come up once in their careers and laid down a bunt or other runner-advancing grounder. Most were pitchers, but two were listed as first basemen. Talk about sacrificing.
&gt; Only the Twins gave me pause after Dozier. Kind of humbling, since we have a top-tier closer in Glen Perkins, veteran stripper Torii Hunter, and a former MVP catcher-turned-1B who currently has the third-highest active career BA. Those are the Twins I'd expect everyone to know, but I honestly can't name anyone past Altuve and Rasmus on your club, so this is an educational experience.
A coworker overheard a game on my radio and wondered aloud: "is there really a difference between a 90 and a 95 mph fastball?" I don't think this is a stupid question for an outsider, but anyone with a knowledge of pro-level baseball would understand what a *fundamental* difference there is between those two speeds, especially when a pitcher can throw both.
If you ask me "what team does Jed Lowrie play for" I can say "Houston" but if you ask me "how many Astros can you name" then my brain doesn't make the connection. I'm surprised that Joe Mauer isn't the first Twin anyone would think of but am willing to believe that lots of people file and retrieve information in their heads the same way I do.
I'm generally cool with them taking as much time as they need to get the call right, though I'd prefer they take as many reasonable steps as possible to keep that time to a minimum. My own beef is with the way everyone just stands around frozen on the field while the manager decides whether or not he's going to throw his flag. That part of the system is hella broken.
&gt; for PTBNL *or* Cash This is a delightful summary of Alexi Casilla: here you go, just pay us back whenever.
I'll allow him to make that determination.
The 81-81 scenario would probably be solved by replacing the postseason with a randomly-seeded bracket, with two randomly-chosen teams (perhaps the previous year's pennant winners) getting a first-round bye. First three rounds are best of three, then it's LCS and the WS as normal. Probably take into mid-November. A five-way tie for the division would be handled according to the [multi-team tiebreaker rules.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Major_League_Baseball_tie-breaking_procedures#Ties_among_multiple_teams)
If I'm not going to be compensated then I think I'll just stick to writing on this sub. At least here I get karma.
These days I always think of graphics as sort of plateauing, haven't been blown away by anything in quite a while, but looking back at this it's obvious that they're still getting a lot better (just more gradually then when I was a kid).
