A lot of people including me had this until I uninstalled HTC's Vive software (not SteamVR). I haven't had any problems since then.
If you didn't follow the link on the included one sheet instructions that tell you to go to HTC's website then you didn't install it. The second likely culprit is if you're using 2.4GHz wifi rather than 5Ghz that's been causing problems for some people as well. If that's the case and your router allows it, change to 5GHz signal.
I absolutely love sniper games and enjoy using sniper rifles in regular shooters that have them. What's up with almost all of the VR shooters using zombies or robots as targets. Are they all afraid to make this too realistic? Hover Junkers showed us that we can be shooting other human targets and it's not automatically a tragic experience just because it's in VR. I'd love a bit more realism in this game. I'm not asking for Sniper Elite bullet cam with exploding organs but target variety besides robots and zombies would be appreciated.
I can't in any way believe they would change $200 for them... they HAVE to try to undercut the Vive I think. I'm calling it now, it'll be $149. Yes they won't be making much money on the two controllers + camera at that price but that's my guess.
Define "perfectly fine". Can the camera track it 20 feet away? Lighthouse can and does for me daily. If by "fine" you mean to the range of about 8-9 feet then yes... past that and it seems not so much.
If I had to pick just one it'd have to be Hover Junkers. Amazing experience, I play a couple of rounds daily and can't wait to go back to it every time. Honorable mentions to SPT, Holopoint, Out of Ammo, Holoball, Audioshield.
Yes... Xbox didn't decide to change their name for the second gen, just went with a weird number to match PS3. Even Windows with their bizzaro number convention never changed from "Windows". The second gen of HTC's PC VR HMD will be called Vive something.
I think so but I'll let others with a similar space chime in. I think if you pick a smaller ship you ought to be fine. With some smaller ships I think you just need the ability to turn around in 360 degrees to be good to go. Even though I have a very large room, I prefer a medium size ship and really only make a step in each direction from the center. I've tried the larger ships and feel they're more of a liability than an asset because they're a LOT more open and leave you defenseless. With a smaller/medium ship you can have cover all around you.
Nope, they cover over 5m x 5m empty space before the pool table. They're already 7m apart. Including the pool table really wouldn't be an option as I'd have to place them over 15m apart.
Try Hover Junkers. I imagine you'll quickly change your mind.
Wonder how weird this is... I think I'd have more of a problem shooting a deer that's just peacefully drinking from a brook than an enemy soldier who is hunting for me and would shoot me if he sees me before I see him. Never been hunting but somehow I don't think I'd want to try it in VR either.
Hmm my 980 barely does medium, even there I feel some frames are dropping here and there. Granted I'm on an old i7-2600k and Win 7. Everything stock but even going to High drops it to 45 FPS for me.
They're very different to me. Brookhaven is about carefully lined up head shots. Usually over 80% of my shots are head shots. I love that feeling. HordeZ is more just aiming in very general head direction and unloading tons of ammo. I prefer the shooting in Brookhaven by a long shot but enjoy HordeZ for silly arcadey feel here and there.
I've never had a zombie closer than 10 feet to me and I've played it multiple times so it never got scary. You need to keep hitting head shots.
[Here for one](http://www.geek.com/games/valve-confirms-half-life-3-will-not-be-a-virtual-reality-game-1635064/)
Yes, remove parts HC1 and HC3 but not HC2.
WHOA! Thanks!!! Never occurred to me, I can't wait to try!
Thanks, hopefully I wont' forget to try this tonight!
Stupid question but you obviously tried restarting PC and/or SteamVR?
Who do you think put in this Matrix in the first place!
Yeah what surprised me is the number of scientists that seem convinced that it's extremely unlikely that we are NOT living in a computer game.
He could've done precisely what they've done HUNDREDS of times when asked about HL3, say that they won't make comments about it. They've done this again and again. This is one of very few instances where they very directly answer "No". The question is repeated later in the Q&amp;A and AGAIN he says "I said, no". It's about as clear cut as you can possibly make it.
Uhm what does that have to do with anything? On the very first try of the new patch I beat my old score by quite a bit. The game is made EASIER, not harder. It's just that I don't care to just whack at dozens of fruit that are constantly in the air, the game lost all appeal to me now. Have you actually tried it?
The ghost ball disappeared when I turned off ghost ball option, didn't seem like aim assist one did anything with it to me, no?
Well you don't know, perhaps you're programmed to win!
Well if they didn't do such a crappy job making movies you wouldn't be disappointed. Yes I'm looking at you Peter Jackson! How could you so royally mess up The Hobbit after a surprisingly good job with LoTR?!
Meh, I think if you're not a fan of space stuff in general, IE is neat but doesn't blow your mind in the same way the Turtle Encounter does in theBlu.
Well that and he just added way too much stuff that wasn't in the books. Not a fan.
Yes it is, you have to mount a bracket on the back of the motherboard.
I've been very happy with the Strix 980 over the last year... that being said I'm ready to pick up any 1080 I can get my hands on
Uhm that's what I do every time I charge them which is every 3 days or so. I do this daily to my phone heh.
Not at all, that one gives you the same exact patterns until you beat them, tried it a few times and don't care for it. I want to play the same game I played two days ago in both Survival and Time Trial modes. I'd love to revert back to prior version and then never receive updates for this game again.
That's why you include two OPTIONS. Precisely what Spell Fighter VR did and it works great. If you want teleportation - here you go. If you want thumbstick movement - here you go. What's the problem with that?
If you don't want to use voice commands to cast spells you don't have to. I just use gesture to cast, never bothered installing voice attack or whatever it's called.
Ah thanks! Yes I made it to the giant skeleton and even with the skull he promptly dispatched me, I haven't gone back since. Thanks!
Ah, if the regular grips give you pain then modding it makes a lot of sense. I have no issues with the regular grips so I guess I'll stick with it (especially since I don't have any grip tape laying around).
I'll gladly jump on this if the price is right. I've been waiting for something very much along these lines. Visuals look great. Any word on when "Soom(tm" is? The trailer just says 2016 which is a rather broad range.
That's definitely my main concern. The game is cool and all but I know myself, if I just continuously lose it'll be relegated to "neat but never used" category and I'll keep firing up Hover Junkers or Cloudlands when I want multiplayer.
Tough question... I'm hoping $10-15...
I played two rounds so far against Level 1 AI... it disagrees =( Seems to translate very well as I am generally good at video games hehe. I had the ghost ball turned off so perhaps I'll play with that on to learn the ropes first.
That'd be fine, I'll never turn down more options. Don't intend to boot this sucker back up until the old mode is back in some way though, became dull in the first 30 seconds for me =(
Yep Hover Junkers is the only one I've seen so far I think. You can take your pick at male, female, or robot =)
That's pretty crazy for a VR-exclusive. Hopefully that bodes well for being able to find multiplayer opponents. The more money we make for the VR devs the more they'll be inclined to keep making VR games. Jump on the pool bandwagon ladies and gentlemen! (That last phrase reminds me of being in Dota 2 TI3 audience when the announcer said "Welcome back ladies and gentlemen! Oh who am I kidding, welcome back gentlemen")
It's on by default but in certain multiplayer games you need to turn it on separately.
I've got 1 with Vive in hand already and another building a PC for it
What will kill the industry faster than you can blink is if developers cannot at least break even making VR games. How hard is that to comprehend? If I lose money working on something, I ain't gonna keep doing it long term. They'll go back to making games with installed base in the millions. They HAVE TO charge more than your traditional flat games per hour of content simply due to teeny tiny installed base. You can have games that cost $15... they're going to be similar to Holopoint, SPT, etc. Short quick repetitive games. Those are fun, I have plenty. If that's all you want then don't buy Starseed. If you want games with POLISH then support the only developer that's doing it now.
There's a great chance there won't be "all the episodes" if enough support isn't provided. This is the ONLY developer pushing the limits of what a polished VR game looks like besides Valve who is obviously in a category by itself.
Perhaps they should all move to Africa and develop games for you?
I had that issue but a complete computer reboot let me proceed. Have you tried that?
That sounds rather annoying
Would you recommend it if I am a giant mutated rodent? I do have ears!
I ate them already *looks down in shame*
I've seen that twice in the last 200+ encounters. People often get down to the ground but then they're not shooting, they're just cowering in fear for a while for some reason.
What a bunch of nonsense. Does that mean that high quality things shouldn't exist? Should steakhouses where a MEAL cost $120 not be around? Should hotels that cost $200 or more per night not be around because if you look at it solely from "hours spent" view then you can "spend the same 8 hour night" in a Motel 6 for $29?!?! I am perfectly willing to spend $120 on four episodes of this game. It'll either cost what it costs to make or it won't exist. I MOST CERTAINLY would prefer high quality content exists and I'll pay what it costs to make. I hope there are enough people like me that will get VR to the mainstream at which point prices will come down. If not then it'll never get past tiny games.
Uhm that's three EXCELLENT Vive games. Fantastic I'd say, all 3 of those. I have no idea what your expectations are or what you consider a good game but your opinion immediately has been invalidated for me.
What games might those be? I've got over 40 VR games and Hover Junkers is BY FAR AND AWAY my most played game. I play it every single session... even when I have so many games I haven't played yet, I just can't turn down a quick 15 minutes in Hover Junkers. Nothing is nearly as satisfying as this game when you pull off awesome headshots.
Then you have no complaint! You may start at Wave 1 or 5 or 10 or 15 etc. Every five waves your progress saves, just shoot the little box above that wave number and then shoot Start.
You can do if it separate sessions. You may start at Wave 1 or 5 or 10 or 15 etc. Every five waves your progress saves, just shoot the little box above that wave number and then shoot Start
I get what you're saying. I think it's completely wrong. For VR to become mainstream prices have to come down, yes that's true. The only way they come down is if enough people buy. Early adopters pay more than mainstream buyers ALWAYS. Why this surprises you is the strange part. As an early adopter you're paying premium on both hardware and software. You paid $800 for hardware that will eventually cost MUCH less. Why are you surprised that you need to pay premium for high quality product that will eventually cost less as well.
Yes but I don't have the endurance to go 45+ waves in a single go =) I can make it 1-30 but then need a break.
Yeah they tend to keep things in beta for a few weeks... I've never had issues with beta and if some crash does occur you can always roll it back to regular version. On the Steam boards the dev is very active and updates things and squashes bugs in the dev version for a while before it gets pushed to regular game. I think it's on 3.0.4 already.
Heck, I have a pool table 5 feet from my Vive area... It's nice to a) always be able to find a game online or b) play against AI with 20 different skill levels at any time you'd like.
I'd say it's the best Vive game to get you moving which is a good first step in getting fitter. I'd suggest getting a leather VR cover if you tend to sweat much, Holopoint will make you do that a LOT.
Once you get to Wave 5 you'll be able to start next playthrough at Wave 5, same with 10, 15 etc. If you're having issues getting to Wave 10, there's no reason to start at Wave 10 as it really does get progressively harder and harder (thankfully!).
it gets easier with practice especially when you realize the cubes are just shooting for your head and you don't need to move away all that much for them to pass by and not hit you. So it's a lot of small head movements with a step here and there. Once you get good at lining up shots it's not too hard to go wave 1 to 30.
It's remarkably close to the real thing. You're holding the controller so it feels like you've got the stick. Not putting your left hand on the table is the stranger part but somehow it clicks pretty easily too.
I bought both... in all honestly, I couldn't tell the difference AT ALL. I haven't put them side by side to test if there's really a 0.5" difference as someone mentioned here but from having both on my Vive I would've sworn they're exactly the same except for color and one says "wii" on the little buckle.
Sweet! It's awesome how responsive VR developers are... good luck getting a change through to a big studio. Great to hear I'll be able to enjoy the game again.
Newsflash! Not everyone lives in Eastern Europe... I know, shocking shocking discovery.
I must admit, I've done this 2 or 3 times myself... I think that was in the first couple of days of my Vive experience. Haven't done it in over a month =)
Too much grinding in this MMO... I want the gold dup hack!
Sorry, not at all =( I've showed the game to over 40 folks, none of them had any issues with it either. What graphics card are you running?
I think you have seriously misjudged this game. At least for me, time and time again, I see a VR game trailer on youtube and it looks "meh". When I try the same game in VR, it's a completely and totally different thing. Yes, I enjoyed the Lab's archery game, it had a lot going for it. However... Holopoint is WAY WAY WAY better. Even if the Lab had 50 more levels, I would've taken Holopoint every time. You risk absolutely nothing by trying it. Play it for less than 2 hours and if you don't love it, you make 5 clicks and automatically get your $8 back. Why not see if you're missing out on a GREAT experience? If anything, over 250 reviews with 96% positive rating should tell you something, no? Anyway, the targets are cubes yes, just like Lab's targets are crude humanoid shapes. The holographic samurais, ninjas, bosses, crows in Holopoint are all at least as good if not better. With Lab's Longbow, you just stand there and shoot. With Holopoint, it becomes a dance of death as you have to shoot while dodging projectiles that cubes shoot at you when they break. When those samurais get to you, it's an amazing experience. But again, you risk nothing by trying it.
Majority of monitor games will give motion sickness to a decent portion of people in VR. The VR revolution only started a month ago, let's see where the early adopter numbers are by the end of the year. Especially after PSVR comes.
Well... answer is two fold: For me, magic hasn't warn off one bit. Still playing every chance I can get after about a month and a half. I have over 40 VR games/demos and haven't had a chance to even try them all as I keep going back to several favorites time and time again. I haven't touched a regular game since I got this thing. My story might be a bit different in that I don't have much time for gaming so I only play a couple of hours a day tops. On the other hand, if I had to save to buy this thing, I might consider waiting for second gen. I love it and all but it's not a necessity at all.
Glad to hear it. Yes, in Steam you can get an automatic refund if you request it when you've played the game for less than 2 hours and you've owned it for less than 14 days. I've used the option several times on titles I wasn't quite sure about and ended up refunding. Here's a google [link on how to do it](https://support.steampowered.com/kb_article.php?ref=6695-QIKM-7966). You can do it within Steam as well, you click I believe Account, go to your Purchase History and click on the title. I'm willing to bet you won't be giving Holopoint back, ping me and let me know if I'm right after you try it =)
Yes, Lab's feedback is certainly better, I'd love to see that in Holopoint. Once you get to higher waves you won't have time to even notice as you'll be frantically shooting in all directions =)
That is odd... You have gotten to Wave 30 before, right?
Ah yes, you unlock waves as you go... Gotta get to wave 30 before you can play it (same with any other one really)
Agreed. Predicting a very bright future for Stress Level Zero (Hover Junkers) and Cloudhead (The Gallery) studios.
Huh... I am pretty shocked at the results. Really rather surprised that less than half a percent have 4m x 4m or bigger. It's time to get those beds that fold up and dedicate a room to this stuff. Who needs reality when you have a Vive?! (I guess 99.5% of the people do huh).
I concur... I've got over 5m x 5m and I really feel constrained quite often. Would love to have more. I could get rid of the pool table and I'd have about 6m x 10m but I don't think lighthouse is ready for that. If gen 2 can handle that much room I'm dumping the pool table and using Pool Nation VR.
Wait you can go down to the basement? I tried but didn't seem like I could teleport to the stairs and it looked just dark down below.
A friend of mine is playing it on an i5 and stock gtx 680 while he waits for 1070s to come out. Oddly enough there's a ton of frame drops in the menus but in the game itself he's smooth sailing vast majority of the time. We were both shocked. He's playing on medium too which is the same as my i7 2600k, gtx 980 is pushing. Granted I get to judder in the menus but still.
If say if you plan on upgrading its definitely worth getting... If you're not then I'm not sure.
Great to hear! Can't wait to get a chance to try it out. Awesome to see Devs so quickly responding to feedback and make adjustments.
Good call!
I've had exactly zero issues in over 20 hours of Hover Junkers. I can't believe how much I love this game... the more I play the more I want to play it. Damnit I wish I was headshotting people in Hover Junkers right NOW.
If you're not into multiplayer shooters then of course it's not a game for you. It's like asking someone who doesn't care about multiplayer shooters whether CS:GO is a good game... or asking someone who dislikes RPGs whether Witcher is good. For those that DO like multiplayer shooters, I can't recommend this game enough.
It is the DP cable. Had same issue until I switched to HMDI for the Vive to PC and bought an DP to HDMI cable for the TV.
You clearly haven't given it enough time to learn... the arrow goes EXACTLY where I want it to go as I'm shooting small moving targets in Waves 50+ as I am moving and shooting target after target within split seconds. Yes, it's not a game where you stand, draw to your ear and slowly aim. It's an action packed dance of death once you progress far enough and I LOVE it.
I think the number of people that don't own a Rift who'd pay for stuff on Oculus Home if they don't change their official position on Vive support is SO SUPER TINY that this topic is really quite useless.
I won't say you're a rebel but I'll voice the unpopular opinion (hello downvotes) that you and everyone who made the same choice is pretty directly supporting the concept of bringing console-style exclusivity to PC gaming. Not a fan...
It's all been discussed to death. If you don't want PC to have console-style exclusives, yes you should be upset. If Oculus wanted to limit the titles they funded to be only sold on their stores like they always implied, no problem there. Makes perfect sense, they want to recoup money for their investment. That's not what they're doing, they're treating these peripherals as separate from the PC and very artificially putting in limits on what can be played on them. It's just as disgusting as if Dell or Asus funded games that could only be played on their monitors. This has no business being on the PC.
If Oculus would reverse their stance on hardware exclusivity, I'd likely get a Rift for the sit down experiences (though honestly with amount of time I get to play I already have a huge backlog of VR titles) but I can't get over the feeling that I'd be supporting attempted destruction of PC's freedom if I give any money to Oculus so it's a no go.
Oh I agree, so far, it's no big deal... if they are successful in this, I think it'll be first step in a very slippery slope that leads to a very bad place for PC gaming. I want to know that I can play any PC game on my computer so long as my hardware is capable of running it. It's always has been the case in the past and I want that to continue. If there are 4 or 5 HMD manufacturers I think we'd all be better off if we can buy ONE HMD, not five.
Did you use your waterproof cover over regular foam? I couldn't get it to fit well, seemed like my waterproof cover is just a tad too small. When I used it, really felt the reduction in FOV so I never bothered putting it on. Bought this with express desire to put the waterproof cover over it and hopefully still have decent FOV and waterproof protection. After a 2 hours Hover Junkers run yesterday my foam was a disgusting mess.
Don't hold your breath... I wish it happened but I know it won't.
aaaaand my computer could run it? Sure, in a heart beat.
Yeah that was my guess as well... I haven't gone back to Longbow after I beat it on first try. Cute and fun but utterly unchallenging. Holopoint and I, we dance a lot.
