A step in the right direction. I applaud you UK
&gt;same price Thats fucked
Yeah, cut's fucked. We get stooged on everything here
Correct me if I'm wrong, but dont Muslims typically fast around Ramadan? How can someone fast in these temperatures?
For a good reason mate... A very close friend of mine broke his jaw, becaus he thought he was Zelda and tried running through a wall that had a secret area behind it. There was a few people who died while on it too.... heck, even I got rashes all over my skin. 'Legal' highs are not an alternative. Legalise, Standardise and tax
Exactly my thoughts
What's a moggy?
Can you please send a few links as to how this can happen? As far as I know, unless you are turned on, even viagra wont do squat
I've done a few tests, caged eggs vs free range, and let me tell you, the price is well worth it... Caged eggs were inferior in both size and quality.
Go and tell that to our wanker of Prime Minister, Tony Abott
Hahaha, that was ajoke, right?
Not sure what you are smoking mate, but it's time to change dealers.
Not to mention curved bananas are much easier for rectum insertion
Does this seriously surprise anyone?
As long as they turn a profit, right guys? Cnuts!
TIL Michael Bay is a beta neck beard
How does one remain sane after that long?
God I get shivers just reading that... fuck getting conscripted
I think you should have asked that question prior to placing the order...
&gt; It's the culture's faul That will not be sustainable going forward... So excuse me, but I wont give 2 fucks if this country burns itself
&gt; You know who they never blame? Themselves No one ever does mate.... It's always someone else's fault.
And so the cycle of hatred repeats itself for yet another generation :(
Guess you can call it.. shit posting (ill see myself out)
Not yet anyway
&gt; how do you return them I've been saying this for years (and will probably be downvoted for saying it again), however all you have to do is sink a single one, and I guarantee you, you'll be free for the next few decades... But people see that point as too Nazi/xenophobic/inhumane like, and would rather suffer such unnecessary pain, than be called a racist. Re: controlling Migration, last time I checked, the Chinese had a successful way of doing it.
&gt; There is a huge amount of people with foreign background who reject and despise western values Here Here!
Wrong place bro.
What happens when the poor get sick of being poor, and come for the rich people's riches?
It will be interesting to see if this bridge passes the safety standards, say 5 years down the track. I wouldnt be so quick to jump the gun on robots taking over construction. One disaster, and the bots will be turned to recycled cans.
All me mates who didn't finish uni, ended up in a trade. Its hard work, but once you get some experience pay is solid and there's always demand
Have you tried, oh, I don't know, perhaps asking him why he repeats everything? Kids tend to be kids sometimes, lol
Hope this doesn't end in another civil war
I for starters wouldnt want some stranger (pronounced CIA) knowing of my interracial midget anal foot fetish reddit account.
1. Yes. Beer = carbs and empty calories. Unless bulking, I'd suggest stay away. 2. Aside from getting sick, you army exactly giving your body the right nutrients to make the repairs necessary
Yikes! Unlucky mate
It comes down to priorities mate. I can't tell you what to do, but if it were me and I've been good, I'd let my hair down once in a while.
I want my 15 seconds of life back from reading this pointless question...
Not to mention the astronomical cost of a BUK missile
Don't be so sure mate. Foxtel and the newspapers are in bed with our politicians; Even when the corpses are rotting
If you actually read the article, you will notice not a single 'three' or 'strikes' word is mentioned...
Can't seem to find the one where Euro says his first word. Pa Pa PANZERKAMPFVAGEN!
Fun Fact: Both made by Rheinmetall - the same company that made Pak43's for the PzVI Tigers
Hey, I would like to buy one, but not at [$8.6 Million!](https://en.wikipedia.org/?title=M1_Abrams)
Even if there were, this is inadvisable, as everything can be traced back to you
If they did that, say goodbye to international businesses in Straya
Right in the feels
I love seeing fat feminist cunts like this getting cut down
Definitely Copy pasta
Gotta love WWII trivia
You must be Canadian eh?
Don't worry, I'm sure we will find some other thing to kill each-other over if we did not have religion
Check Mate Foxtel
Funds, yes. Infrastructure, no. iinet got brought to it's knees when they started offering free quota to Netflix... Lost a customer as a result.
Every cunt at work that I've told I own a rifle to thinks of me as some sort of fkn crook out to kill people... its hard educating retards
A tenner says the buyer will be Chinese
You must be young if you can't remember that :)
That's a substantial amount of fat mate! Nevertheless, I ate lots and lots of bacon but after a while the sat fat gets to you, so I supplemented with nuts. Macadamia nuts are the best for this followed by Brazil nuts. Shredded coconut in your protein shake is always good, plus it ads a crunchy texture. Also salmon, avocados, and steak
It was all only a matter of time.
Tavern
Anytime bruddah! I am also a complete sucker for cured meats; be it pastrami, ham, pepperoni or salami. Its expensive in Australia, but well worth the taste!
Any explanation as to why this is happening? These actions arent helping their case
Meanwhile the rest of the world is spending more and more on renewables.... GG Straya
I give you 5 minutes before your comment gets nuked
That was cringe worthy
Don't you mean house mate? Room mate shares a room. House mate shares a house
No thanks. We have enough bigots
This is in the context of gay marriage right?
Repost, but still entertaining
Fat has a lot of calories
Thats a nasty virus...
And what's the current time where you are? Bot below says in 15 minutes
Yeah that'll be the day... The Greeks are too proud to accept Turkish help
That will be a world first
N-no homo
Not to mention they have their own missiles
Prices will eventually even out after everyone else ramps up production.
No one wants a war in an already unstable region of the world
Relevant username is relevant
How long is your neckbeard?
Investors tend to have the sheep mentality - Once someone screams wolf everyone starts running for the higher ground. Nevertheless, it will be interesting to see how this turns out for the rest of the year.
head over to /r/nofap, they might be able to help you out - it worked for me (pun intended)
Dont worry mate, its always the minority who ruin things for the majority.
No one made you do anything
Comparing Hookers, Blow, Alcohol, Smoking, Gambling, et al to a Religious place of worship... good one mate!
With heavy industry/manufacturing on the decline, the electricity appetite has significantly been reduced. If we gave every household 6 solar panels, we could potentially be at least 80% renewables by 2020
Thats not a good thing if you're John Doe struggling to put gas in his car
Hell of a way to start a new year eh lads?&gt;
Sometimes stereotypes happen.
I'm not gonna down cote, but how does this exactly help the terrorists, when they used plain SMS during Paris attacks?? Clearly you don't work in technology do you?
Even top blokes suffer from depression. Maybe this will she's more light on the stereotype of men being labeled as soft, etc when in fact they're depressed
When you're depressed all rational chain of thought goes out the window
The transport costs in the end will not be worth it. I do applaud your nobility however
Wow, that was a relief... when I saw Allies, I immediately thought WWII Allies and countries...
Christ, can you just take a moment and imagine the frustration you'd be going thru?
Where the fuck is labour on all this??? They should be jumping on this like creative arts students to dole pay!
Need more info OP. DS could have office workers, supply chain managers, etc
Single. Cunts are too cheap to do a double
I'm not sure the World should allow this give their history with hazardous materials (see Taijin explosion of Aug 2015) and the way they handle disasters.
Imagine something like the Taijin explosions happens.
Shit, it's like Plague Inc, but IRL
