I'm from Orange. WOS class of '01. There are literally dozens of us!
I'm from Orange, was there until 2004. I never had a bad experience with a police officer. I have family who work for Orange PD, and on the other side of that same family I have those who have constant run ins with the police. Even through all of that, the police have never been abusive to them. In my experience (and family's), Orange PD is pretty good.
&gt;Unwanted_Commentary: No, it shows that you have 10 alternate accounts and an unlimited supply of Hot Pockets. The only two people that actually played the game in this entire thread disagreed with you. You have me confused for someone else. You also need to mature a little bit.
&gt;It's alright man, no need to be angry. Maturity has nothing to do with the matter. Please troll on the forum of a game you've actually played. Maturity only has to do with your actions and comments in this thread. No one is angry. Its just disappointing to see this kind of behavior out of a mod.
I'd actually prefer all police footage to be readily available upon request. Before, during, and after the processes involved for someone having charges pressed against them and a verdict reached regarding their guilt. I have absolutely no problem with someone's pure dumbassery, or video exonerating them of dumbassery, being made public as soon as possible. Maybe people on both sides of the law would be slightly less retarded in their encounters if that were the case.
I'm not sure if you're retarded, or Greg Jackson . . . .
Because he ran against someone who didn't get as many votes? That's usually how this process works.
Honest question here: If one was so inclined, could they legally take the animal down, clean it and eat it?
Is that a definitive no because you're aware of a law, or just an assumption?
This is going to sound crazy, but hear me out: Not everyone wants to drive a gold lambo, wear diamonds, make it rain at the club, and chardonnay the night away. I guarantee you he could be living your definition of "better", but he's enjoying his definition right now.
Of course they should get paid more, but don't gauge someone's bank account or finances by their material possessions. That could still be a 3,000-4,000 sqr/ft home, paid off, no mortgage. He's probably got a fat ass bank account, money for his retirement, money for the future of his kids college (hopefully), and he's still happy. That's what matters. He has currently made enough money to live a much more lavish lifestyle, but here we see him just smiling to have a new quad. I respect that much more than someone living in a mansion and nearest neighbor in a different zip code. Makes him more like you and me.
I'm going to get some downvotes, but here is my opinion/outlook: Long and short of it: cops are there because of a suspect brandishing a firearm in public. The group of 3 match the description and suddenly, one guy refuses commands while his friends freeze in their tracks. Suspect walks off still ignoring some loud-ass direct commands then turns, sees the officers with weapons drawn still yelling commands, and does what any normal law-abiding citizen would do: he puts his hands on his head and gets on the ground. Oh, wait. He didn't. He proceeded to turn around and walk away from them backwards. They have drawn on him and are yelling commands... So he says to himself, "How bout I just make direct eye contact and keep fiddling with my waistband." Those officers are responding to a potentially hostile situation: Someone brazen enough to wave a gun around in broad daylight and, of the guys that match the description, 2 comply immediately while #1 target possible-suspect proceeds to ignore commands and do some very ballsy things. These are the situations that make me not want to persue a career in law enforcement: if I ended up getting killed by the perp (and on video, no less) damn near everyone on this site would have been in an uproar about how I should have shot his ass first. There's a couple people on here that I have to just say: you can't have it both ways. That's a shitty situation and I don't think I would have reacted differently. There's a good chance, in that situation, I might have eaten lead if the perp had a gun and decided to pull and fire with any hesitation on my part. Again, bad deal. Sad all the way around.
It actually was. it shows how PC are held back by consoles. Also applies to the quality of games sometimes too. Edit: Ah yes, the 'ol reddit downvoting of facts.
A tazer is never an option when a firearm is suspected to be in the situation. Remember, this was a call in response to a display of firearm.
I for one welcome out new Kangaroo overlords.
So, he's a bottom, capable of receiving an enormous amount or power? Or is he generating the power by doing most of the work?
Maybe its just me, but if I'm paying $70k+ for horse pleasure fluid, I want it to be as fresh and naturally done as possible. Not a horse sex therapist though, and I did not stay in a holiday in last night.
You see, the speed of the bottom informs the top how much pressure he's supposed to apply.
As someone who is blocked from twitter, I appreciate the image.
I don't get the joke. . . .
Holy shit, you just don't get it at all. If he gets taken to the ground by someone, HIS gun becomes something that the person can take and use. Never, ever use lease than letal force when dealing with multiple hostiles about to attack you. That's just asking to lose and leave it in their hands. That cop did a lot of shit wrong the moment he got on the scene, and yes, I believe it's partially his fault things were as escalated and bad as they were, but pulling his gun at that moment, with TWO (that he can see) people approaching and posturing ready to attack him, was the only thing he actually did right.
I would say mostly, but not entirely. The only reason I say that is because of people arguing, no following directions. Like, 85% cop, 15% those arguing and not following instructions.
&gt;They weren't posturing. They weren't being aggressive. I had to stop reading there. We just aren't going to have the same opinion and outlook on this.
Because teenagers have never hurt anyone. Got'cha.
Phrasing is big problem, you're right. Just like "unarmed" does not equal "not dangerous." They were posturing and approaching (probably saying/screaming too) is a very hostile manner towards the cop. I still feel the gun pull was correct and justified. Those weren't small kids. They were 17+ year olds at the peak of hormones and stupidity, with the build of a young man. What is not dangerous about that? Those weren't "children." You sure as shit wouldn't be calling them "children" if they just willfully committed a homicide.
As a former resident of Orange, class of 2001, there are far bigger problems with Orange. Several nice neighborhoods have just become places for government subsidy filth, and the schools have just gotten sad. I still own a house and land that I let family live in, but I just can't see ever moving back there and putting up with the people there. I'd feel like I need security guards 24/7 anytime it gets dark outside.
I'm not a fan of the music, but god damn that is commendable, respectable, and it made me a fan of him as a person.
I don't understand why you're getting downvoted. This would be an amazing game on PC.
You sure as fuck can when they buy your ppv.
If my contract pay included PPV buys, you'd bet your ass I'd try to get some more fans. That would include developing a personality that is also entertaining outside of the ring.
Well, fuck them. I already own it for xb1, and I'd still rebuy it for PC just to get it in a better way.
This game, running on a gtx980, i mean, I just WANT that, you know?
I expect to get what I paid for, and what was fucking advertised. This is neither. Fuck you.
Unless he was charged $0.25, no, he didn't.
As you should be. Get out of the left lane.
Looks like it's made with beer cans.
Why would someone still be playing bf4 without premium at this point? The game is approaching the 2 year old mark, and premium has been pretty cheap at a few points already. It's literally only $19.99 (USA) right now. Honestly. if you like BF4 enough to still be playing it at this point, you're only doing yourself a disservice by not having premium, the extra maps, and the extra weapons that come with it.
"Need" has nothing to do with it. This is a video game for entertainment purposes. That's like saying you like pizza, but have only ever had it wish cheese, so you don't need to try any other toppings, ever. Not having premium right now still does not make any sense if you're still playing this game since release.
It doesn't make any sense. That's all I'm saying. I know it, others know it, and you know it. It would be different if you just got the game, or maybe put one or two hours of gameplay in every other week or so. If you're actively playing the game, and even watching a subreddit for it, it just doesn't make any sense to not have premium. Frankly, I'd venture to say its just stupid not to if you're actively involved in the game, and community. But, it's cool, you get to be one of those guys who say "yea man, I stuck it to EA/Dice! I didn't buy their dlc!"\ Edit: Serious question, but is it just the game you don't want to spend money on, or are you an overall cheap person (either due to choice or financial constraints)?
[Remember, use the proper etiquette for those pics.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C3ph7a-dS08)
I can't agree. Doesn't even look like the second guy ever looked up from his board before he started into the intersection. It's like he thinks the red light will magically make ALL cars stop. Ah, the good 'ol reddit downvotes. State something that makes perfect logical sense, but somehow offends others opinions, so then come the downvotes.
It's a valid thought to have, but a stupid one to expect to be a reality 100% of the time. Good thing laws are there to stop people from committing crimes, right?!?!
Possible, but yea, still not smart.
It really bothers me that during the mighty steam sale, I can find most of the games I want cheaper on cheapsharlk.com or cdkeys.com, and they are usually to sites selling steam keys.
Yes, because it definitely looks like America is starting ww3, and not Russia. What a tool.
Lets forget about how many of those bases are requested to be their by the country their in, or by neighboring countries requesting aid. You sure are an idiot.
Try turning off Al Jazeera once in a while.
You left out the word "documented".
&gt;I also left. You are a bitch. Are you telling me you went somewhere? I don't understand. Are you one of the undocumented aliens he's talking about?
I wonder what will change when xb1 is running dx12.
i didn't mean just for battlefront, I meant gaming in the future as a whole. The xb1 is basically going to become a mini-computer running the most supported PC os in the world, using DirectX right along with it.
Once again, I don't just mean from a graphics stand point, and pc portability. dx12 will allow better utilization of existing hardware. Of course a software change won't affect physical hardware components.
Which version of directx runs on the ps4?
I feel like I'm talking with people who don't know how DirectX works, or who are primarily console users and this is a new topic for them. This may totally not be the case, but it's definitely how it feels.
When you compare how a game that supports both dx9 and dx11 runs under each, it becomes evident why people are curious about the changes it'll make in the console world. One of the biggest benefits of dx12 will be the advanced optimization of existing hardware.
Found the PS/sony fan boy. Do you not understand why it is such a big thing for a console to be coded to run the same software that a pc is running, and what that means for the gaming future in general?
This isn't getting the respect it deserves. But her dreams, aren't, as empty!
His arms, wide open.
Reddit, take note: imgflip loads very slow.
It's the era of the "bro" and 12 year old gamer. Its what we have to suffer with. :(
I totally read this as Shogun curing diabetes by face stomping it into submission.
When a post has been up for 6 hours without a single reply from op, I totally believe THEY think it's worth it.
It totally matters in a political sense, which appears to be the point you're missing.
You're fucking retarded, and ignorant.
Clean bricks would have looked a lot better, without red paint anywhere.
I sure do wish I could get these to work on my android phone. Sucks they're only for iPhone.
It totally does when you consider that jones walks around at 230lbs. He wouldn't even have to cut weight and could walk in as fresh as ever. He'd have so much energy, it'd be like he almost took a bump right before the fight.
The big difference would be that these two would be fighting at their natural weight, and would still be in the same weight class.
I don't understand what the downside is of two people fighting at their natural weight? Would you not get a fight where the better fighter wins, especially when their natural weight has them in the same weight class?
I don't understand how people can have this point of view. An accident via hand manipulation versus straight up corner cheating, and it's "even"? If you honestly feel that way, Jones should have lost every fight that he gouged peoples eyes out multiple times.
Doing something intentional, and unintentional are two separate things when you want to do a karma count. Remember when you said "karma"? Yea, that matters a lot for karma.
How do you forget to get off a stool between a timed round? Do you tell the guy "hey man, we need to stop fighting for a second so I can get my finger out of your glove" while he's trying to strike back? Come on now. I think it's you who needs to use a little bit of logic.
You're right. It depends on what you like. Some people don't like having their constitutional rights ripped away from them.
[She's the new slow motion man.](https://youtu.be/eJ4G18KQFgA?t=14)
So you're saying to get upvotes he needs to completely pretend to be someone he's not, wreck some cars, do some coke, flee from crimes he's committed and injure pregnant women? Then he gets the "likable character" nod?
Thank god you aren't anyone to worry about in the scoring field then.
It's not like she's busy running a country. . . . oh, nevermind.
&gt; The switching of animation styles is distracting and really makes the whole thing feel like a collab. I'm sorry, but could you explain this a bit for me?
Ok, I wanted to make sure that's what you mean, because that's exactly what the point of the "movie" was. I was well aware of that prior to watching it, and looked forward to seeing some of the talent behind other projects (like Ghost In The Shell, Akira, Etc) take their turn as a Matrix short film. Are you saying you weren't aware of that before watching it?
That's what I was wanting IAMNOTPLEASED to clarify. I was aware of that prior to watching it and expected that, but it seems like they were not, or think it was meant to be something different.
&gt; If it works for him, that's great. But this religous and spiritual talk is part of the reason that I cheered for Luke in this fight. That's kind of a shitty of a shitty reason, but ok.
What's the going exchange rate on integrity these days?
You sure do hate America according to your various posts. Did we free you from something?
Well, aren't you just a reality dodging piece of shit. . .
TIL there is a progress bar in steam for things.
I don't think it's reaching at all. I don't agree with it, but it's very possible. Especially if Travis thought he might be losing. I'd sure he'd rather have a NC than a L on his record.
Being not part of any of those three groups, I think I can say go fuck yourself.
Is this shit your job?
It's high enough if you're a situationally aware defensive driver.
I hate news articles that don't give specifics of the suspect.
Oh I don't know, maybe who it was that was arrested, was the weapon stolen, history (if any) of the person arrested? Just things I guess. . . .
I wasn't aware I was convicting anyone or anything. I was just stating that all of the information that "I" would like to know, is known within almost 30 minutes of an arrest.
I tried telling someone this on a previous post, and I got downvoted to shit.
I'm not saying you're wrong, but please show me the legal statues that prevent the information about the arrested individual from being released to the public.
Sponsor money bruh. I'm sure he could make up the difference.
The round just started. Unless you personally know it was staged, I don't believe it was. I've seen this asshole tactic pulled by quite a few players on pc. It's always nice when an admin kills them for it.
K.
Honest question: Is he also mentally handicapped?
Hey motherfucker, get your ass back in here and respond to /u/Andyman117 .
Fuck the pieces of shit that are down voting you. The ref was clearing stopping the fight, and Diaz kept trying to get in robbie's face, and even tapped him. Super fucking shitty.
