Yes. What I get looks like this: http://imgur.com/mO1ayv0
I got in trouble in the third grade for spelling correctly. Turns out the teacher couldn't spell.
And you think the Windows "everything's a tablet" approach will be cleaner? How about iOS? They're certainly not trying to sell you anything.
Wow, your definition of "works" differs dramatically from mine.
It's easy to not get hurt when all you do is take a report and file it somewhere. Nothing in my experience suggests that police would take seriously a teenager who lost his phone, even if he had GPS location on it.
Run an income app, like Perk TV. Should work fine on your wifi, and eventually it'll pay for itself.
Not yet, but as soon as there is one, we will.
I've been doing Celeb TV - Lifestyle and Fashion. As with the others, it goes to App Trailers when finished, and it seems to earn as well as App Trailers. Plus the yellow pom-pom is easy to spot when I'm scrolling down the list.
That the Internet thing was just a fad.
Damar would have been more compelling, had he survived and had DS9 gotten another season. By the time his arc got really cool it was all over.
It's a shame you present things so confrontationally. Your ideas have merit, but you won't get many people to listen, the way you present them.
You know, I did this for a long time on my Chromebox, and you know what I ended up using it mostly for? Web surfing. After a few months, I realized the idiocy of this and put ChromeOS back on it. Never happier.
I thought there was some kind of algae bloom that made it unsafe to do this this year...
Higher than the typical 20-30mg trip report. I'm curious what it might be like, but I'm a little afraid to try it myself.
I agree that there should be a changelog available on MSDN or TechNet or somewhere else like that, but the "Windows has updated" slideshow is NOT the place for them. Something that every user must see and cannot skip is not the place for indepth technical stuff.
Good, I read over what I wrote, and realized I might be interpreted as advising you to overdose, which I totally am not. I'm just interested in real strong trips, because that's what I enjoy myself.
Order some powder.
If I'm going to disable everything on my phone, why keep it at all? I could sell it and buy a Windows Phone or something, to the same effect (no Google, hardly any apps).
try the cable that came in the box for charging the gamepad. i've found the shield remote is fussy about the cable
Welcome to the wonderful world of open hardware. Your new purchase will never lock you out of root access, and there will never be an update to it that will prevent you from gaining root. We are delighted you've decided to join us. :)
green pulsing means it is charging. when it stops, it's full. there's a PDF manual around somewhere that has all this info, the only place i found that actually explains it. the remote seems to last a couple weeks to the charge in my experience, the controller must be a lot more, since i charged mine in October and it's still going. i use the remote more than the controller, might have something to do with it.
And then where do those of us paying rent there go? Don't fucking give away my apartment, unless you're offering me yours!
I have yet to figure out a way to make skip go to 30 seconds during videos, but Next Track during music. It seems to be all-or-nothing with the new skip.
View Towers is pretty nice now. Most of the shady characters have left or been evicted, and the price keeps them from coming back. After more years than I'd care to admit, it's now a fairly nice, quiet place. I don't want it to go back to the chaos...when I moved in here, you had to step over nodded-out junkies in the stairwell; there was a woman who wandered the halls, knocking on doors in the middle of the night to randomly ask people for cigarettes; there was another woman who would sit in the elevator and cry; the 10th floor was all drug dealers; you couldn't get through a week without being woken up at 2AM by a fight in the hallway or in one of the adjacent apartments. I pay to live here, I would be heavily against any kind of appropriation that made it a worse place for me to live.
I've heard that a lot, but I've never seen any evidence that this was the case. In any event, that's not what they are doing now, and not what the people living in there now agreed to when they moved in. I don't think taking housing away from anyone is the answer, even if the plan is to give a third of it back. There's lots of buildings that aren't lived in that could be renovated (and probably cheaper, since they wouldn't have to put up the current residents somewhere while they did the work, not to mention the asbestos removal), or a new building could be built.
An article on a forum. Surely a primary source. I saw another article in a forum that says that is bullshit, you'll find the link right under this comment where it says Permalink. And you should never have been allowed into the building without showing ID, we have security for a reason and the guard wasn't doing her job when she let you in. If you think that is fascist, feel free to show us your disapproval by not visiting.
Standard Android TV remotes, both on Shield TV and Nexus Player...directional buttons, select and back, that's about it. Seems up and down will do Next/Previous Track (didn't know that before, but I guess I should have), but I still prefer it the old way. Wonder if I can change it in the keymap for fullscreen music....
It won't go to 5, 6 is the minimum, will that be safe?
How can I tell if it is too high? Is there any potential danger (tank exploding, coil catching on fire, that kinda thing)?
Ok, sweet! Thank you for the info, I'll experiment from here and see how it goes.
I have this remote on my Shield TV, and I am very happy with it. Note that there are several Mele F10 remotes, each with slightly different features. The one you linked is the F10 Deluxe, which I consider to be the best of the lot...it can learn functions of other remotes (I taught it to change the volume on my AVR), has Play/Pause (the other F10 remotes don't), and it has much better motion tracking than earlier models.
Agalloch: [Dead Winter Days](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Y6UttxEWgk) [In The Shadow Of Our Pale Companion](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4pmwndD2EOw) [Bloodbirds](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GOKcfyo3-xE)
Spaced apart, it is one of the greatest cliffhangers of all time. Editing them together as one episode completely destroys an iconic TNG scene, to the great detriment of the episodes.
It's better than any other such thing I've used. It's not flawless, but it's sufficient for light use.
Hmm, pretty sure Apple could have Trump bumped off, and pay for it out of petty cash.
So, does this mean my obscure Kitkat phone will finally get root?
Hmm, does this mean they have a modified Coreboot that can load native Android? Wonder if we can use this to get Android running on the Tegra K1 Chromebooks.....
I don't think they were wearing non-marking shoes.
I played it a few times, a lot of years ago, and I remember enjoying it (although I don't remember much else). I would be deeply interested, but I have no books or equipment, and no recollection whatsoever of the rules. I do remember a lot about the setting...I read a LOT of the Battletech novels when I was a kid. Edit: We're talking about the FASA game, right? Or whoever owns that name now.
20 year ago, they had DXM-only pills called Contac Cough Caps. They had 30mg of HBR, and I didn't have any trouble with them at first, but after 100 or more trips (and they were epic trips), I had some kind of weird reaction where I couldn't even look at a box of them without gagging. Probably somehow psychosomatic.
None at all.
Coupons.
What was the international designator for Nomad? (2002-045b)
Couple points I've discovered in switching my own parents to Kodi, that may or may not be of help to you. Firstly, the biggest factor I've found as to whether or not my parents could adjust is the complexity of the remote. A lot of the cheaper Android boxes either don't come with a remote at all, or else they come with a real shitty one. Remotes that only have a few buttons, like the (old) Apple TV remote, the Nexus Player remote or the Shield TV remote, are better than ones with 20-30 buttons. Secondly, if you plan to introduce them to streaming from addons, pay for Real Debrid or something like it, saves a lot of teaching headache. Good luck!
I have one as well. Out of town till Friday, if you don't find one by then PM me, it's yours.
Does P = NP?
Can effects be both definitely noticeable and subtle at the same time? That's the best way I could describe it...definitely there, but somehow more subtle than I'd expected or wanted it to be. Don't get too hung up on the dose amount...200mg is a lot for some substances, nothing for others, it depends on the substance.
DXM is much much much much much more euphoric than ephenidine.
1.2g-1.5g of DXM definitely gives me a hole experience, which is very similar (although uniquely different) to the K hole.
"Notifications". It installs itself when you install anything from TV Addons, then pushes near-fullscreen popups begging you for money. Scummy behaviour.
But you didn't beat that, did you? You got IP banned.
It mostly worked with my LG surround system, all the functions functioned, except that it switched the input on the LG rapidly to an incorrect input on startup, which caused Shield to stop outputting audio to the HDMI, which could only be fixed by a reboot (which would trigger the same rapid switching that kills the audio). So, yes it worked, but in practice no. Edit: H265 is perfect, I've been watching 1080p H265 streams that look fantastic and buffer in a snap, it's quite nice.
adb over network?
I found an StackExchange article which agrees with you for multi-level dwellings, but suggests vertical for single-level places like mine. Here it is: http://superuser.com/questions/618104/do-different-positions-of-the-antenna-on-a-wireless-router-make-any-difference
Too bad we went on this big digression. Now it looks like I got an answer to my question for any one casually scrolling by. Guess I'll wait till next week. :/
Sick of the drama queen posts. If you don't like it here, go away. Don't spam our reddit feed with a post every other day about how this or that sucks. Don't pretend like you're Dudley Do-right, trying to save the community like some methed out white knight. Just shut up, unsub, wipe the dirt off your boots and leave.
Sorry, didn't realize this sub exists solely for bitching about itself. Please, carry on with your navel gazing.
The best way I found to have fun with 4F-MPH was to redose small doses, fairly frequently. I'd start with 10-15mg insufflated in the morning, skipping my usual 3 cups of coffee, then redose 10mg or so every hour till I get to where I want to be. If I started at like 8AM, I'm usually feeling what I want by around noon, on this schedule, and I usually have the advantage of having done my housework, read everything on the internet and written 2-3 novels by then (/s, but it does make for a productive comeup). Then I slow down the redoses, just to maintain, to more like every 2 hours. Note that this only works when I plan to spend the day doing stims (a luxury I can rarely afford), and I pretty much have to resign myself to spending the night awake on a cruddy comedown or else use benzos to end the residual no-sleep part. It seems like 4F-MPH has a short window of recreational potential (few hours), combined with a much longer period of not fun but wired (many hours).
[Here](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/VrZVFn93Yxs/maxresdefault.jpg)'s one wishing a happy new year. This one was really annoying at Xmas when I was trying to show vids to family.
Must be nice to be so ignorant, you must not have to worry very often. I'd rather vaping be able to stand up on it's merits, not something you have to trick people into supporting. Obviously you feel vaping is so dangerous that we have to distort everything to make our point.
It's hard to describe subtly different trips. HBr is like a daisy, whereas poli is more like a petunia. Having said that, the whole point of poli is that the drug is released slower, over a longer period of time than HBr. Because some of the effects of DXM are affected by metabolizing the DXM into DXO, the fact of the poli releasing the drug on a different timescale greatly complexes the effects. This has advantages and disadvantages. There's new DXM coming into your system for a longer period of time with poli than there is with HBr, which prolongs the time in which you feel the DXM effects. The drawback is that the drug comes slower, so it doesn't feel as "strong" as the same amount of HBr. There's a place for both (and I suspect some very interesting places combining the two in various proportions).
The unspoken assumption there is that we are completely gullible idiots, which is what pisses me off I think.
I love the Doctor, too, I just don't see how he could work as a character without some contrived reason he was forced to stay on, if we're discarding the Delta Quadrant thing. My Voyager would have been quite a different show, perhaps the Doctor wouldn't have been necessary.
Sorry for the easy question, but 4-Me-TMP is unknown to me, can you spell it out? 4-methyl-trimethylphenidate?
Well, it's not like you can make it any more broken. You could probably find someone to do it for you (I *ahem* might know someone...) for a few bucks.
Buy a scale. $20 on Amazon. No excuses.
You can also just buy some propylene glycol to dissolve it in. It's one of the main ingredients in ecigarettes, so vapour stores will have it, as does Amazon, and your local compounding pharmacy. You can basically make your own syrup this way, at whatever insane concentration you like (200mg/ml? Sure thing!).
Really depends on what doses you want to hit and whether or not you like the taste of propylene glycol (hint: it tastes like cough syrup).
Atheist website reports 70% of people are atheists. Let me guess, reader poll?
But you can exempt yourself by shitposting to at least six different subreddits.
Sounds kinda facile, but when I get bad vibes on a trip, I tell the bad vibes to fuck off. I imagine them as a person; not a specific person, just someone I don't want to talk to. When I tell them to fuck off, I imagine the bad vibes person getting all huffy and walking away, makes me laugh. Then they're gone, and I carry on with my regularly scheduled trip.
They aren't interested in valid discussion here, this is a circlejerk, not a subreddit. You'll be downvoted if you don't conform to the groupthink (or if what you say is subtle and people can't immediately determine if you agree with them or not, that's a downvote, too).
Canada post changed something recently, I don't know what. I live downtown, and I always got my Amazon parcels sent to Shopper's on Douglas, but now they go to Cook St. Village, about 20 blocks out of my way.
And what do I get for pointing that out? Downvotes. Thanks for proving my point, stay classy.
Or we could, idk, wait a few months and install the Android app.
There's a lot of surveys that use Flash for the selection buttons.
The R ought to be Ⓡ, the T ought to be ™.
Small businesses already get a lower fee. Walmart wants to get in on that, as if they were a small business.
See, that harsh throat hit is what I like about it. It really replicates the feel of a smoke for me, in a way that satisfies my cravings. I tried high VG juice when I first started and it wasn't satisfying and clogged up my coils.
Is there a good reason to use this vs. the Plex server on my QNAP NAS?
I love hurling on DXM. It tastes less awful than actual sick hurling, and it's like a rainbow exploding out of my mouth. Plus I always feels sooooooo much better after. I just try to hold it as long as I can manage, so as to not lose it before it's absorbed, but 1.5-2 hours after dosing, hurl away!
They wouldn't let you leave? That's some crazy kidnapping shit, you should've called 911 right there.
Why? What benefit will you get from using Shield as your Plex server, as opposed to your Synology?
How do you get your home water tested? Is there some kind of kit?
I wonder if I should go over to that apartment and ask them if they've seen my missing pot of gold.
Pretty sure you can just use dd on Linux to create the USB.
How many pitbull deaths were there in Quebec over the past 15 years? I'd be interested to know just how much weight I might expect on my conscience. Must be at least a few hundred, to provoke this kind of response.
It happened to me with 4F-MPH, and I'm sure it was a duration thing. When I was keeping weeks between doses, it wasn't an issue, but once I tried it more than once a week, I started getting the anxiety.
Axe and you shall receive.
So now they take their laptop with the bot to some poor addict's house, pay him an ounce of blow, then use his internet to bot tons of tickets. Addict gets the rap, asshole scalper laughs to the bank.
&gt; "34 U.S. dog bite-related fatalities occurred in 2015. Despite being regulated in Military Housing areas and over 700 U.S. cities, pit bulls contributed to 82% (28) of these deaths. Pit bulls make up about 6.6% of the total U.S. dog population." According to your own quote, that put the entire US at 34 dog bite fatalities in 2015. Assuming that was an average year (my research suggests it wasn't, that in fact the 2015 numbers should be higher than ever before, but let's assume the worst case here), a 15 year period should expect 510 dog bite deaths. Are you saying there are more than four times as many dog bite deaths in Quebec than there are in the entire US?
This issue seems to escalate every time it's reposted. I'm waiting till it gets to "INTEL AND ISIS HIDE NUCLEAR BOMBS INSIDE EVERY COMPUTER!"
Starfleet Command does not acknowledge the existence of any such "Section 31".
[Five](http://www.theonion.com/blogpost/fuck-everything-were-doing-five-blades-11056) [blades](http://gillette.ca/en-ca/products/razor-blades/fusion-proglide-flexball-razors/fusion-proglide-manual-razor-with-flexball).
Black towels.
That's a very interesting and insightful analysis. Thanks, was nice to read.
There's so much free wifi these days, I can almost always find an open access point. Maybe it's different outside the cities, but I don't really miss mobile data.
Not precisely what I said. That talks about cops making arrests, I'm talking about prosecution.
Sounds like slow flash memory. When it loads video into the buffer really fast, like it would from real-debrid, it has to write that buffer somewhere to store it till it comes time to play that bit of video. If your device is real cheap and the flash memory they used is slow, it takes longer to write that stuff to the system, a problem that is compounded by how fast real-debrid is pushing it to you. That makes Kodi buffer and stutter till the write has a chance to complete.
If I have to eat ketchup to go blind, I'll remain sighted, tyvm.
