Alexandra Daddario is a fox.
Gal, not doll.
The body of the birthday kid's missing sister.
I would totally do that, but I'd end up looking like a cancer patient.
Little Blue Chips League?
I feel bad for you guys, shelling out all that cash in the offseason.
&gt;Leave it to americans Why don't you start posting about the amazing Swedish Air Force in that subreddit so you can change their minds and make it more international?
Nice neck tattoo, asshole.
Should have made her drive a cab until she got twice the amount of money as the fare she jumped, and then have it given to the cab driver.
I declare... Bankruptcy!!
&gt;RAUL JULIA – STREET FIGHTER (1994) yeesh.
He's so famous, he's IN the famous!
With over a billion people, it's not like having gay people is going to hurt anything...
Encyclopedias.
Minneapolis checking in. The combination of good pay, affordable housing, and top notch public education is pretty damn awesome.
This is why I like shopping at the more upscale grocery stores once in a while. Almost all of their stock is fresh and new.
No one has tried sticking my penis in a bucket of popcorn.
Rob, best friend of Barry Potter. He has a sister named Jenny, twin brothers named Gerald and Frank.
It'll get logged one day. I guarantee it.
And the top rated park system in the US!
Peanut butter, jelly, thyme. And a baseball bat.
Oh deer.
&gt;I'm american and a baseball fan and this still makes no sense to me There's no way you're a baseball fan and can't figure it out. The score is 5 - 4 in the bottom of the fifth inning. There's one out and no one is on base.
Rowdy Roddy Piper vs Keith David, "They Live." Chingachgook vs Magua, "The Last of the Mohicans." Brennan Conlon vs Koba, "Warrior." Zhang Ziyi vs Michelle Yeoh, "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon." Jet Li vs Donnie Yen, "Hero."
Folding origami.
They also eat almost anything if it's cooked in enough oil.
Vargidan. Unigas.
Kyatchi in Minneapolis.
I agree.
I think about when I should stop the microwave. Why wait when you can pull the handle with 2 second left?
To my backyard to drink a beer and smoke a cigarette.
How high do they get in boardroom meetings?
Supposably. Even if you pronounce it incorrectly, it's still a moo point.
Cap'n Crunch Wrap Supreme.
It depends on the sound, not the letter.
It's not Korean.
The worst is Breyer's. They cut it with so much shit that it no longer contains enough milk or cream to be considered ice cream. The packages now say "frozen dessert."
Take sardines in tomato sauce, and fry it in a pan with some olive oil. Take a baguette and slice it in half lengthwise. Spread the sardines between the bread, then add julienned cucumbers, thin tomato slices, and cilantro. Quite honestly one of the best sandwiches.
Well made stuffing should be baked until the top layer is crispy.
Mexican coke.
I'll try to take a photo next time I'm there. I could be mistaken.
I'm Vietnamese and this is how my mom always did it when we were kids. I agree that the whole baguette should be baked in the oven until just crisp. Frying the sardines helps to caramelize them and the tomatoes. It deepens the flavor without making the sardines too soft.
What about Colombian coke?
Probably not worth much, but the guy probably thinks about it every day. It eats at him. Everything he does has a tinge of guilt.
I loved having Shadowmere. Greatest dragon distraction.
How to use time outs properly. You tell them they're in a time out, usually a minute for every year of age. After the time is done, tell them time out is over and then leave the room. Do not talk to them about it and give them attention. Make them be the one to come back out and rejoin the family. The anxiety and other feelings act as the future deterrent. I learned this from a psychiatrist who has worked for decades with children who have severe behavioral issues. It makes a hell of a lot of sense, and it has worked wonders with my kid who does not have severe issues.
Serious comment. Wear some swimming goggles. Problem solved.
Sean Bean is in it. I wonder when he dies.
My family emigrated here when I was 5 years old. I didn't know a single word of English. In one summer of watching Sesame street, I learned enough to start kindergarten.
Your mom looks like Chutney from Legally Blonde.
Just tell them that the shift starts at 9:45am.
Did it happen on Sunday? It's the day you kick off your shoes, and his foot is indeed loose.
Was the seller named Nigel West Dickens?
~~Cutter~~ Gutter is a tool! EDIT: Gutter. Thanks be to /u/Waggy777
&gt;Mr. Buttstuff Who do you think you are?
I've gone my whole life thinking it was Cutter. In my defense, I haven't seen PCU since the mid 90s when it was out on Pay Per View and we had a descrambler box :)
I was playing RDR the other day, and had just gotten past the part where Irish lies about the location of the gatling and you end up slaughtering a bunch of guys. I whistled for my horse and instead of taking the road down to me, it launched itself off the cliff above and landed on me and killed me.
I would position myself toward the ends where the fan would stop for just a fraction longer. So good.
It'd be great if more companies granted the same maternity/paternity benefits to those who are adopting. My company allows 10 days of leave for adoption. TEN. And if you and your spouse both work there, it gets split between the two of you.
In a lot of municipalities, driving with a suspended license is in the same crime category as a DUI. No joke.
Luke, I am your fatha!
And...?
It's the humidity that I can't handle. I actually just bought a huge Lasko 20" Cyclone fan. The thing is a beast and I'm probably not going to need to turn on my AC until it hits about 90 degrees indoors.
I'm in Minnesota. We were immigrants and didn't have a whole lot of money. When we finally got an A/C window unit, our whole family slept together on the floor in front of it.
I'm like that in a car. Need to have the fan blowing.
I am here with you.
That's the one. The thing moves a lot of air. Love it so far.
Mmm. Powdered farts.
Except in the summers when temperatures peak in the high 90s or occasionally 100, and the humidity is high.
I'm guessing you're not Korean.
Star Whores. Space Balls. Warmholes. Deep Space Nut.
You forgot to mention that the cop who shoot Rice was deemed emotionally unstable and unfit to be a police officer by his previous employer. Or that the 911 caller told the dispatcher that the fun was probably fake. Or that the officers did not administer any first aid, that an FBI agent had to do it after Rice had been left bleeding to death for for minutes. You know, objective facts.
The last point was a Simpsons reference.
It's not that they're inherently more aggressive than other breeds. It's because their bite is so goddamned strong.
Harry Pooter.
I matched mself. Not my wife, or any of my best friends. Myself. You bet I posted it.
I have literally never liked one of my own posts. And I comment on my own posts in response to other people. You know, like a conversation. Douche-tastic.
That stop sign font tho.
Len - You Can't Stop The Bum Rush
Martin Blank
Walter White, as played by William H Macy.
Kidtrapped.
My mother and I escaped Vietnam by rickety boat in the middle of the night. We arrived at a refugee camp where we stayed for closer to a year while we waited for our paperwork to clear. My mom worked at the camp, and we scraped by with what we could. Long story short, fuck these guys.
Artax really could have used your help, lady.
My wife and I are in the process of becoming foster parents and hopefully adopting a child from the foster system. I can read all of the stories in the world, but seeing this video really hits me hard.
ISIS would try to rape it.
Probably because they'd need to overhaul all of the schools' systems.
I'd love to go to one of these and be the sole person standing up in the front row.
You can put a ceramic plate in by itself and the plate will get warm.
Look for your crush's number in a phone book. Dial each one with the same last name until you get the right one. Ask the man on the other end to talk to his daughter. Crush gets on the phone, and awkward cringe filled small talk for about 30 seconds. Hope she doesn't tell anyone else. Paranoid at school for the next few months. Randomly relive the horror for the rest of your life.
That link seems to say only 6 states follow the doctrine.
[Pretty sure it was this guy, at it again.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=am-Qdx6vky0)
Frosty, you know what I'm sayin? Spoon. We fucked dwarves in the ass.
They're selling them at J Crew I think.
It depends on who you surround yourself with after high school.
[Here is Duran getting destroyed by Tommy Hearns](http://youtu.be/DaESioM03g4)
Needs a side car so someone can ride shogun.
The guy who didn't poop for a month.
Glad you got online to Post-It.
Did you paste the picture into a PowerPoint and then use the Snipping Tool?
