Is shisha a flavoured tobacco product? Yes? Then it's part of the ban.
plus months of smoking old, stale tobacco. YUM!
I'm sad. I used to really enjoy Colts Mild, Wine &amp; Rum. Before having kids, I enjoyed them occasionally at backyard BBQs with friends. Since I had kids, I stopped all together. I looked forward to kicking them out of the house at 18, and enjoying them again. Sadly, no more. I guess I will have the option to drive down to the U.S. and pick some up there.
Actually, the wording of the poll lead to an extremely biased response. So, yes, the poll is wrong. &gt; Toronto City Council is debating the future of the Gardiner east of Jarvis; two options are receiving the most consideration. One plan is to remove the Gardiner east of Jarvis and replace it with a boulevard. Supporters say this is the cheapest option and allows for better development of Toronto’s waterfront. Critics say tearing down the Gardiner will add to commuting times. Do you approve or disapprove of the plan to remove the Gardiner? Notice the biased language? "Supporters" vs "Critics". "Remove" vs "tearing". "Approve" vs "Disapprove". "Better development" vs "add to commuting times". If you were to flip around the language, you would probably get a very different result. &gt; One plan is to leave the Gardiner up and rejuvenate it. Supporters say this is the best option to keep traffic flowing. Critics say tearing it down and replacing it with a more congested boulevard might improve the waterfront. Do you approve or disapprove of the plan to rejuvenate the Gardiner?
How much will it cost to move? Maybe instead of looking for a charitable moving company, you could accept donations to pay for it to be moved.
At that point, I think it would be easier just to make a monthly run to the U.S. or a native reserve.
Smoking rates are always going down, with the ever increasing prices and restrictions. Absolutely the underage smoking rates will drop.
I was never a smoker. I just enjoyed a smoke with friends. I didn't take smoke breaks at work. I didn't smoke in my idle time. Maybe once a month while drinking I would have a smoke.
Gather your documentation and head down to your local government office. They did the same thing to me years ago. They want to see evidence of your current address.
I have home delivery, and the majority of the time, it's junk mail. I like the idea of a secure central mailbox for things like cheques and small parcels I still receive occasionally.
There seems to be lots of money to build prison facilities to house and care for non-violent criminals, but barely anything is available to house and care for adults who genuinely need help. Very sad.
There's a difference between an alcoholic and someone who has a couple drinks with friends.
I find the wording of the second question still slightly biased.
Absolutely. Pick any random wealthy neighbourhood. Slap on a fake Canada Post uniform. Walk door to door, picking mail out of the mailbox. A lot less obvious than standing around drilling into a metal box.
I find the wording of the second question to be slightly biased towards removal as well, with mention of the $450mil price tag.
I'm not disagreeing with the $500m price tag. My issue is the downplaying of the traffic impact it will have. Everyone keeps saying "Oh, it will only add a couple of minutes to transit time." Well, that couple of minutes will add up over time. Traffic will be stalled downtown while spewing exhaust.
The first question downplays the additional commuting time, while the second question is very specific about the added cost.
A few months back I needed to catch 7am train from Union, and I don't live downtown. The night before I load Beck's app on my phone, and request a reservation for pickup at 5:30am. I then CALL Beck, and verbally confirm the reservation. Yes, they see my request, and confirm someone will be at my front door by 5:30 am. Next morning....nothing. At 5:31am, I call Beck. Oh, sorry! We missed it! Someone is on their way. They didn't show up until 5:45am. The taxi industry can suck it.
They are protesting next Sunday down at Queens Park. I'll be there to counter-protest.
&gt; "Since the 1950s, Canadians have had a very high awareness of the health risks of smoking. That awareness has been reinforced by the health warnings printed on every legal cigarette package for more than 40 years." Exactly! You know who is to blame for the majority of smokers today? Parents. Parents who smoke, and parents who don't crack down on their kids who do smoke.
Just remember people. Non-straight people fighting for their rights are just trying to push a gay agenda!
Why are you supporting Shomi?
Good on the bus driver. Teach the kid a lesson.
Yup, she's fat. Hardly the appropriate person for the position of Health minister.
Epilepsy is a genetic disease, which people have zero control over. Being fat is NOT a genetic disease. It's a lifestyle, lack of control, bad judgment/decision disease. I wouldn't want someone who has filed multiple bankruptcies to be finance minister either.
It's scary how many people don't understand this. Some people honestly think they will gain weight no matter how little they eat.
Your name is NOT ThusShatZarathustra, so you don't exist.
&gt; We have no idea why she is overweight. Yes we do. She consumes more calories than her body burns, leading to excess food energy being stored as body fat. Science! &gt; And for those who says overweight people cant be health minister, right from the article "Since when has appearance had anything to do with legitimacy in terms of your intelligence and ability to be a legislator?" It isn't about appearance. It's about her ability to make important decisions on health related issues, which she obviously has problems doing in her own life.
This is a myth. It's a very prevalent myth. People have that assumption which is completely unfounded. Unfortunately trying to dispel the myth is almost impossible.
Lots of empty Target buildings!
"Toronto" could really mean anywhere in the GTA.
Her ability to understand and make decisions on health issues is relevant. I would have the same doubts about a Minister of Finance who has gone through multiple bankruptcies or failed business ventures. I would have the same doubts with a Minister of Education who flunked out of school.
[Here is a quick PDF read.](https://www.ic.gc.ca/eic/site/ecic-ceac.nsf/vwapj/Clarification%20Statement%20-%20Transborder%20flow%20of%20personal%20information.pdf/$file/Clarification%20Statement%20-%20Transborder%20flow%20of%20personal%20information.pdf) [And another.](http://www.optimusinfo.com/data-sovereignty-in-canada/)
[Here is a quick PDF read.](https://www.ic.gc.ca/eic/site/ecic-ceac.nsf/vwapj/Clarification%20Statement%20-%20Transborder%20flow%20of%20personal%20information.pdf/$file/Clarification%20Statement%20-%20Transborder%20flow%20of%20personal%20information.pdf) [And another.](http://www.optimusinfo.com/data-sovereignty-in-canada/)
[Here is a quick PDF read.](https://www.ic.gc.ca/eic/site/ecic-ceac.nsf/vwapj/Clarification%20Statement%20-%20Transborder%20flow%20of%20personal%20information.pdf/$file/Clarification%20Statement%20-%20Transborder%20flow%20of%20personal%20information.pdf) [And another.](http://www.optimusinfo.com/data-sovereignty-in-canada/)
Oh, how I wish that were true... http://www.theglobeandmail.com/globe-debate/creationism-and-stockwell-day/article771010/
Are all these services over cable? Have you looked at DSL options over Bell lines?
I've read a lot of horror stories about service over Roger's cable which is why I stick with DSL over Bell's lines. Never had an issue.
You are correct in that the people responsible for the procurement and RFPs are misinformed, and unfortunately you often have zero choice but to live with their ignorance.
Show me any laws that firmly require data residency within Canada.
It's a lot more expensive than a bag of regular sand.
Can you be specific about what accessibility regulations?
We just came back from a great camping trip at Killarney, and have another two camping trips planned this summer for Bon Echo and Presqu'ile. I did think of a single night somewhere if they have a decent lake for fishing.
Sometimes the item will be scanned at the depot to get loaded onto a truck for delivery, but then be left at the depot accidentally. Most likely you'll see it tomorrow.
Holy hipster workout Batman! "Think of it as a customized workout for your body in a very rugged and raw atmosphere." Translation: We can't afford change rooms and fitness equipment.
Bad sushi is overrated. Most of the sushi in this city is overrated generic crap. Very few quality establishments.
Most beer stores I've been to are messy disasters. Yours sounds on par with what I've seen.
Yes, based on your situation, 3 year contract started March 2013, you can cancel today without penalty. http://www.theglobeandmail.com/report-on-business/wireless-carriers-lose-legal-challenge-of-new-wireless-code/article24501657/
Duh! Because they weren't losing when the game began! As soon as they realized they were losing to a team with GIRLS, suddenly ISLAM!!!
https://i.imgur.com/hjQfniD.jpg
&gt; not more monuments to fossil fuel that will hopefully be obsolete in my lifetime Not a chance. Gasoline and oil is just too useful. As long as there is oil in the ground, we will be using it.
So.....the girl is 24 years old, working part time at a library, and holding out for a full time job? WTF? Get off your ass, upgrade your education, hit the pavement, call people, network with people, spit out resumes. There are jobs out there for people who aren't lazy.
Unfortunately some manager probably made the decision because the licence would have been too expensive, and hurt his profit margin.
That boulevard is going to be bumper to bumper grid lock. All the pretty pictures of a serene, beautiful, tree lined boulevard are missing all the cars that will plug up the streets.
Of course not when the city has very few bylaw enforcement officers.
One of Toronto's most interesting food neighbourhoods? Really? Sure, if you want a bunch of pub food. There is one Indian food restaurant, and that's it for ethnic foods. Everything else is the same generic crap you can find anywhere in the city.
Yes, I live in the area. I often have to travel out of the area for decent ethnic food.
Oh, please enlighten me to the diverse food choices in the Junction. Just look at the article - Malta Bake Shop? Vesuvio? YAWN!!! Indie Ale House? 3030? The Hole in the Wall? Fancy pub fare. Article doesn't even mention maybe the one shining light, North of Bombay. I have to travel to Annette &amp; Jane for decent Mexican at Mad Mexican.
It's so they can charge $9 for Mac &amp; Cheese.
Audio is one of the most important parts of a quality video production.
Details are to what you are talking about would be nice.
One of the biggest things for me is kid friendly with lots of tables. Another is unique food. I'm all about that unique experience. Mad Mexican offers some nice entrees that are different than most Mexican places.
The majority of rules come down to interpretation of the religious text. Why can Christians eat pork, and Jews cannot? The Old Testament says you can't, but most Christians only follow the New Testament. Same with Islam. Different people interpret it differently.
Actually, it's not a meaningless term. Ethnic - of or relating to a population subgroup (within a larger or dominant national or cultural group) with a common national or cultural tradition. A lot of cultures all over the world have foods very specific to their culture and traditions.
To show streamed content, a computer needs very little power. Just take a look at the Chromecast. It streams 1080p video content no problem.
http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-33001425 I don't know if this is what is being referred to, but it was in the news just yesterday. It's really scary is how prominent Christianity still is on native reserves.
Ya, seems very obvious. OP got bumped into the next service bracket.
That's just God punishing you for....something.
Where is the roti shop? The only roti shop I know of in the area is across from the Walmart (not part of The Junction), and it's way overpriced.
What are their prices like?
I would love a McD's drive-thru on the way to work. Unfortunately, I'm stuck with Tims.
Good luck with that. That kind of eviction has to go through the Landlord Tenant Board. The LTB always sides with the tenant when there is any doubt. The landlord would have to have a SOLID case that he is moving into the unit. Most landlords own their own home, so unless he is suddenly selling his home, he doesn't have a chance in front of the LTB.
The transition from Gardiner to DVP is the issue. Right now, it's a steady flow, no stop signs, no traffic lights. Switch to a boulevard changes that. Now there will be traffic lights. Trucks coming from the Gardiner will have to cross opposing traffic to access the DVP. EDIT: Seems I'm a little wrong on my assessment of traffic flow. See the response below.
Ah! I stand corrected. Thanks!
More details would be helpful. What is the tenant doing that is causing anguish?
Black's sold phones? Good grief, that's sad.
&gt; high fructose corn syrup Rolls eyes...there are issues that need to be dealt with. HFCS is not one of them.
There is no scientific evidence that HFCS is any worse than any other sugar. Reduction of ALL sugar intake is what is optimal.
Then it sounds like you have sufficient cause to take the issue to the Tenant Landlord Board. Start the paperwork now. Done correctly, you may be allowed to evict in a few months.
If you really want to go camping https://www.parkbus.ca/
Sometimes a nanny state is required to product people from their own stupidity.
Beggars can't be choosers.
If it's part of the lease agreement. EDIT: It appears that if an appliance is part of the rental unit, regardless of what it ways in the lease agreement, the landlord is responsible to maintain it or replace it.
The CRA and Elections Canada are different entities. You can file your taxes at one address and register to vote at another. It's no big deal.
What a ridiculous situation this all is. The 'tampon tax' issue had NOTHING to do with fairness, and was only a political move.
You are changing the argument. A nanny state is required because people always don't make the best decisions, like not strapping their babies into car seats. Sometimes corporations lie to consumers for the sake of a buck, like when cellular companies charged people a [system access fee](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/System_access_fee) and said it was a government fee. There is no such thing as a completely free market. Regulation is always required. You can call it a nanny state if you like, but it's a reality of life.
Ask the same people if they are okay if they alternate it with 'Allah' in support of the Muslim community.
&gt; Keeping manufacturing local allows us to support the city where we are from &gt; Every bag is handmade using the finest raw materials You can't have both, because you can't get the finest raw materials from Toronto. I generally dislike companies that try to promote fake things like "locally made". It's a global economy people.
&gt; There are historically very good reason the taxi industry is as regulated as it is. The regulations are a mess, and some of them are anti-competition. Artificial limits on the number of taxis on the streets is a prime example of this. Anyone, and I mean ANYONE, should be able to have a taxi license if their car is safe, there is insurance in place to protect the customer, and there is an accurate, accountable, visible means of tracking and billing the customer.
&gt; Later, feeling guilty and avoiding eye-contact as I pass her leaving the store with my purchase. I'll never understand people's inability to stand up for themselves and say "No thank you". Every time someone asks me for a donation or to sign up for a credit card at the checkout, I respond with a polite firm "No thank you". Done! There has never been additional pressure after that. Never a look of disappointment or faux shaming from the cashier. Maybe I've been lucky? If anybody ever did try to shame me for saying no, I have no issues making a scene in the store and shaming them.
&gt; should anyone be allowed to open a hotdog cart? YES! As long as they adhere to health and safety regulations. If there is enough business on the streets to support that many vendors, LET THEM. If the public complains about too many hot dog vendors on the streets, implement a sidewalk licensing fee, and slowly increase it to bring the number of vendors down. But don't artificially say "Only X number of vendors". Let the market decide.
My point is that many people would be offended by the use of the word Allah, yet have zero consideration for those of us that don't want any reference to religion. They think God is okay, but Allah is bad, which doesn't make any sense.
I'll take the downvotes for sure, but I support the banning of face coverings at a citizenship ceremony. The face is such an important part of communication. We trust people more when we can see their face. We understand people more when we can read their facial expressions. There is a lot of history and science behind the distrust of people who cover their face.
&gt; Councillor Pam McConnell, who represents the area, was near tears Wow! Someone needs to grow up.
Just remember, the teacher's job actions are FOR THE STUDENTS!!!
It's not the teacher's job to determine appropriate class sizes. It's their job to teach.
Worst X-Men power ever.
Or the teachers could just enter the grades online like they are supposed to do.
He is a testament to the amount of abuse a human body can take, and still live.
Ya, true.
