You already can upgrade the menagerie house and feeder
If they have any sense they will. It's not like self-improvement is a rare thing.
Pfft. Relationships are one of the most mundane things about all human interaction.
No, you can't. But it's criticism, not an order.
The elite Seers Village tasks upgrade Excalibur, but it isn't part of the Achievement Diary set. The set item for that area is the headband.
Yep. In my experience unless they're a genuine aromantic the women who say this are fooling themselves
You're right. I'm aromantic. Which means I can apply some sense to the absurd addiction worship that is romantic relationships.
Australia. None at all, although we don't have a national curriculum (yet)
thank mr skeltal
He's in a room full of strangers...
Australia. And it's not ignoring people, it's about respecting their personal space.
We aren't uncomfortable, we don't *want* to. If we talk to someone it's either in an official setting or after an introduction from a mutual acquaintance. Perhaps one day North America will develop the proper respect for peace and quiet.
This is totally reasonable and hardly excessive. At the end of the day porn is just a bit of fun, why not be happy for him?
Gandhi drank a lot of mountain dew
The picture of Dorian Grey is almost completely filled with these
Thankfully I've not had this situation happen. I tell people I have neither the inclination nor the compulsion to date, and then they seem envious. Aromanticism isn't really a difficult concept, I suspect your uncle just has some general empathy problems.
Break up then. If you're unhappy with the situation and it isn't going to change then that's the only reasonable option.
Was that how he was? If so then the latter.
Fashion isn't even remotely a female thing. There are loads of famous male fashion designers and models.
If he can't comprehend someone being different then it's possible he has empathy problems. Many people are like that. Aromanticism is a simple concept after all
Fair, but God Osborne has said that skill reworks are slated for next year
I support both zaros and armadyl so it was an easy choice. They're the only ones doing good. Saradomin and Zamorak are the worst parts of both order and chaos, and the godless are anarchist hippies
No, but you aren't attractive in that picture either. I would say lose a little puppy fat on your face, go clean shaven (the facial hair really isn't doing you any favours) and stick to different colour shirts (white and light blue, /r/malefashionadvice can point you to some basic colour coordination resources) and you'll be doing well.
Pictures one and two are bad, picture three is alright. Honestly your hairline is back way too far for a woman, and your cheeks are pretty wide.
It's a kind of bad picture but the other one you posted is good. You're definitely attractive although I don't think that lipstick colour suits you
You would have covered this on penis inspection day
Both are attractive, but I guess you'd see a cute girl in a somewhat more artistic way, like they belong in a painting so you can just look at them all day. A hot girl evokes a more animalistic desire. Whether one is better than the other depends on what sort of position they have in your life.
Becoming an aromatic, as opposed to being born one, is a thing (it happened with me), but I'm not sure that's what you're going through. The simple fact is that you're still trying to find yourself. I think trying to label yourself at this point is probably causing more harm than good. Just take some time and let things mellow.
Harder for an ordinary citizen, sure. But the British and Japanese empires both had a vested interest in good translators so it seems likely they helped each other out. Same thing applies to any major power really.
Australia's finest export
The plural of child is children. And honestly, poor gnome child is getting overused at this point.
Climbing around it in AC2 sure was a treat
Certainly wasn't expecting the abuse question.
I second the guy who said cute more than sexy. You're definitely attractive but I think your small bust lets you down
But jedi have fought each other plenty of times in the canon (the true canon that is, not the Disney debacle)
He streams on Twitch. Doesn't show his bank though :(
Yes, just because it's really a game of pushing boundaries with your friends.
Look for someone who views marriage the same way you do. If you marry someone who takes the view that it's an emotional bond then chances are it's going to screw up, and nobody wants to lose half their stuff.
I love hugging, but I will avoid kissing like the plague
I'll bite then, why should working automatically entitle you to so much? Why is it not both fairer and better for society if people have to take responsibility for the costs they incur on the wider populace?
Unfortunately Germany would scoff at the notion of weapon rights.
Try to get to as safe a place as possible and just generally do whatever I have to to protect them.
That happens with men too you know. If all those clothes 'instantly fit' then chances are you're wearing clothes that are too baggy.
If it's your size that they like you can continue. If it's not you can look for someone else
34" waistline sure but what about cut, width, length, inside vs outside leg, etc? With shirts it's even crazier, with chest, shoulders, neck, upper arm, forearm and stomach sizes all different. At the end of the day off-the-rack clothes will never quite fit right.
You can work with the individual. You can't do that if they don't tell you what they want
That depends entirely on the person you want to be hired by. If they think your previous job is awful they'll choose someone else.
......?
A two way radio
This is normal and healthy. Find a fwb to take your energy out on
Nigel Farage. He speaks and acts with conviction despite receiving an ungodly amount of undeserved hate.
That's not how it's said. You would say "a herb". A silent H is a French pronunciation, which makes no sense in English.
Someone you know well enough to chat with at the bar of Hong Kong airport at 3am
I'm perfectly okay with no human contact for the rest of my life
The reason a person has individual freedom is because of the values and hard work of the nation. They have a debt to pay towards their nation, their heritage and their fellow citizens.
I....just....what? In what conceivable way would bananas be made from milk?
Douglas Murray, David Starkey and Milo Yiannopoulos.
Only ever did it once, and that's only because I didn't have access to my computer
I deal with it fine. My parents are good people and I was raised in a nice place. Yes they sometimes messed up as parents, and I sometimes messed up as a son, but by and large we're a healthy family.
Mace Windu has to be a cassowary, because he will fuck your shit up
"Will you go out with me?" "No." She was moderately attractive
Formal wear and semi-formal outdoors wear. I love tall boots and jackets but unfortunately it's way too hot here in Australia
Violence is the way the world works sometimes. Disregarding your duty because you find violence distasteful is a betrayal of your country at a time of need. Again you speak as if people owe their country nothing.
Conscription isn't something nations do for fun, they do it when their very existence is threatened. Clearly you wouldn't fight for freedom because you don't support the nation's that uphold it when they're most in need.
I was expecting Deidara but that one actually gave a blowjob in the episode
I can't believe he didn't take a sin off for Thomas the tank engine
When will you address the huge criticisms of your Humans Need Not Apply and Americapox videos?
In that picture her cheeks are large and her lashes don't have any makeup, this seems like an optical illusion rather than an eyeball size
He sounds more like an acquaintance than a real friend. I'd suggest looking elsewhere on this matter
She was 17, ethnically Fijian, fat with zero shape to her. 3/10. Plenty of shame afterwards. She was my friend, turns out she was crushing on me very hard. One night I was over at her house and she got me *very* drunk, to the point I couldn't stand up straight, then we had sex. After that every time she texted me she started calling me "boo" so I noped out of there.
We have no idea what Saitama's full potential is, but Simon cares about his fights far more so I'd say he wins.
Titenic or Clock Tower imo, they have the best sketches
I've got a bone to pick with you!
Pokemon is a very mainstream casual game. It's not strange at all.
If you can't take the heat don't go in the kitchen. If some random shitposter saying 'do it faggot' makes you kill your own family you clearly belong in an asylum
It's [current year] therefore X is not an argument
When the dog dies in the movie
Remember that the majority are not from Syria at all. This is an illegal migrant crisis not a refugee crisis
Use news apps and websites then
If you think that's bad watch a short film on YouTube called All About My Dog Marimo, you will bawl like a little girl but it's beautiful
Like 3 big spurts, 4 smaller ones and a few droplets. I'd guess maybe a couple of tablespoons worth?
Nobody ever played pull my finger with you?
Actually the crowbar snaps in two
Most people have no idea what they're doing with their life
1. Be large, height as well as muscle 2. Have a confident posture 3. Grow a beard
You only need two minutes? It takes me two hours to find the right porn sometimes, masturbating all the while
5 or 6 on a good day
That depends entirely on whether they're growers or showers.
About 780 gigs Since 2011
It never gets 'stuck' no matter how much hair I have. So I don't have to trim the hair there, I just do it for neatness.
Once every day or two
The south Park episode on this was perfect
You look like a more manly Michael Cera
Jesus, what caused this addiction epidemic?
Let's hope it's not the last! Outstanding
Sex
Never. Just go outside
Frankly this is silly. You still have normal conversations with even the hottest people. Only in an environment like a nightclub would this happen, which is for sexual encounters anyway so what do you expect.
My dick
Definitely longer. You're a good looking guy
