http://imgur.com/d51xYFl [Non-hentai from Devil and Realist](/spoiler)
The flush the foot flag came off one of the inner tube vehicle toys IIRC. Presumably the Turtle one.
Damn that sucks. You can try Arata the Legend too I guess, that I think is still going. The romance isn't quite like you wanted though. It's there but its second to the action and it's a love triangle kinda.
The Akron and Cleveland Zoos are great places to visit if you like animals.
Man, I love Hudsons. This sucks monkey balls.
She was very cute!
Lol, I was in Con Ops often enough over the weekend too.
Aren't you just the most brave guard dog, huh? XD
What crime do I have to commit to be chased by adorable bouncing kittens?
I can see why you'd be confused. It totally looks like some kind of chastity bra or something. Hell, I was even gonna suggest it might be for fitting bras, but no dirtyqtip is right and it has nothing to do with brassieres at all.
Is this by the Oh My Goddess guy?
Yeah they're still pieces of shit (I got a Stargate one and it sucked), but the ones in the pic seem well, a bit shittier than even that.
I've only been in the gym for a Biden rally, but it was nice. The tax measures always seem to pass easily there too.
It's a ball of fluff and eyes. Nothing else.
"RIDGE RACER!!!!" Oh and "hit the weak point for massive damage!"
But it did launch a 1000 memes. Or at least two.
The only really good Minion thing is the Minion Goodyear blimp.
It's apparently been redone for iOS at least. No more paid transactions, but it costs two bucks now.
Holy shit, that ray is HUGE!
Okay fine, so it's a dangerous ball of fluff and eyes. XP
It was actually a promotion for Despicable Me 2, but here ya go: http://imgur.com/hj7iAob
Not sure exactly what it was I'll look around and see.
It's this: http://brickset.com/sets/30320-1/Gallimimus-Trap
Yeah, it's all made up. Says so on their about page.
My Target often has sets for cheap. I found an open and resealed Minecraft Crafting Box set for twenty-five bucks. Still seems to have everything too.
No it's from a parody site.
Only as a joke I think. Even tumblr isn't that stupid.
Do you know anything about the history of the property or prior residents?
The next town over found a novel way to stop a Walmart from going into a really shitty location.
Which makes it really funny is if you watched NerdCubed's playthru he didn't add any parks to his huge city. When he built his airport he added a bunch of parks modded to look like parking lots. Since they're the only parks around though they've become huge tourist destinations, and they're always loaded with people.
No fairlawn, oh.
Let me guess, is she American?
Well some kid is winning every costume contest this year.
No more ketchup for French fries until they give in.
Midnight Secretary and Spell of Desire are good and both have been licensed and released in the U.S. More sexual tension then mystery though.
Thank you!
Heh, should have read the comments first, I just recommended Tokyo Crazy Paradise myself.
Ever see one try to present when there's a good wind going the other way? Funniest damn thing I ever saw.
When we got a new couch we found thirteen cat toys underneath it. And the people who delivered our new stove found seven toys behind the old one.
It's normally a bit like this, but it's not usually this extreme. A lot of shojo in the nineties had this "long leg / tall" look going on. [Here's the batoto link for the series if you wish to check for yourself.](http://bato.to/comic/_/comics/tokyo-crazy-paradise-r2187)
"Yaoi hands" are a thing after all.
Long shot: Visions of Escaflowne?
I've tried lots on iOS and the best right now is MangaStorm. I use that in conjunction with A+ Manga Reader so I can browse for new titles or releases.
To be fair, that's something we've all wanted to do as soon as we saw it.
Happy Marriage or HapiMari. Onegai (Please) Teacher Boukyaku no Shirushi to Hime Duction Man Shinigami no Saikon Goddannar for anime. If I think of more I'll edit this to include them.
Hajime no Ippo
Dragon Half - a half dragon girl goes on an adventure to win the love of an Idol/ knight Konjiji no Word Master - guy ends up in another dimension and ends up with the power to turn any word he thinks of into reality Stravaganza - story of a masked queen leading her people. Very ecchi Corseltel no Ryuujitsushi - a Mage raises seven baby humanoid dragons Violinist of Hamelin - Hamelin, a magical musician, and company travel north to save the world. There's more I'll update in a bit
Ah didn't see hajime listed there, sorry. Try Ashita no Joe if you haven't already. It's pretty much THE classic boxing manga.
It could also be a hybrid. Mallards are kinda sluts and the males will do it with any other breed of duck they can.
I had a male rat, and I put an ice pack to cool off with just outside his cage. I figured he'd lie down on it or something similar, but no, he just rested his massive balls on the thing for a few hours instead.
So essentially your username is correct and you have your opinion? XP
He was quick enough to get up and beg for a treat if I came near, so nah he wasn't stuck. After getting the treat he ate it then went back to cooling off his nads.
Disco Stu.
I really hope we do get a new season.
God this guy is an idiot.
Soul Eater might be to your liking.
Charlie and the Chocolate Highway
It was a failed joke.
Boiled in lava last I heard. And he still hates sand.
I was the only woman there so by default I'm the only one eligible I think. I did mess up the Electric Slide at my sister's wedding. Does that count?
If you want a real answer, the biggest bitch at my sister's wedding was a blizzard. My sister got married in the middle of a freak blizzard that dumped three feet of snow on the eastern coast of the US. She took her wedding photos with them holding snow shovels.
Stuart, you're making Sarah's ghost work extra hard lately.
He's taking good care of the twins isn't he?
Really, no it was just a bad self-deprecating joke. It kinda didn't work.
The worst part for me was being a fourteen-year-old snowed in for three days at a hotel with my parents
~toots~
Yes. We really shouldn't let Jar Jar pick our physicians. He generally tends to go for the shiniest ones.
I remember the outrage when they started desegregation and including *his* kind in schools. Even all these years later, I still don't think the disembodied heads of the world should be going to school with normal children.
Are digital scans okay? Cause then: &lt;Urusei Yatsura&gt; &lt;Basara&gt; &lt;Uzimaki&gt; &lt;Oh My Goddess!&gt; &lt;Sandland&gt; &lt;Dr. Slump&gt; &lt;Banana Fish&gt; &lt;Benkei in New York&gt; &lt;Even a Monkey Can Draw Manga&gt;
There are Rifftrax versions of the Cushings movies. It's the best way to see them.
&lt;Dragon Half&gt; &lt;Slayers: Explosive Demon Story&gt;
I still think this might be some form of fishing bait you're eating. Please put the pug in all further videos you do with Barry.
Damn you UK people and your early and exclusive sets.
&lt;Bonnouji&gt; isn't that long but it is complete.
&lt;&lt;Golgo 13&gt;&gt;. Not quite a spy manga but will have a lot of the same cloak and dagger stuff.
Love the blue eyes!
Where's the potted petunias?
"YAAAAAAAAYYYY!!!" - Kermit the Bird
As someone with a fairly common name with two common spellings I feel your pain.
Norwegian?
It's a set of a hundred polybags you use in a specially designed business course. 49 pieces per bag and 100 bags = 4900 pieces
Hal and Yona are so cute together!
&lt;Last Game&gt; is listed as shojo, but it has a male protagonist and the characters are in college for most of the manga.
&lt;&lt;Master Keaton&gt;&gt; - the OG of detective manga. I can suggest others if you want them too.
Uh oh, the bots are becoming sentient. Lord Business will be taking over soon!
Your box is very cute. I'm sure you must be glad to add it to your family.
Yes of course.
From what I can tell it's a mutated version of the usually five pointed biscuit starfish.
Just like how Subway employees are "sandwich artists."
Of course it's upset. Little girl was combing against the grain.
"Dude, this wood is awesome!"
In the late nineties my college had an official campus cat named after you.
Mangastorm is the best iOS app I've found.
Many early commercial manga in the US were released flipped and redrawn. It sucked because it made everyone in a kimono dead.
But does it have Opus the Penguin in it?
Too many damn perverts in this manga. Rin needs to get on her game.
Well, you're the one who left the glorious body heat behind for her to sit in.
You do not fuck with Helck's woman.
How did this comedic silly manga turn into such an intricate plot that brings the feels?
Yeah. I just stayed at a hotel that had keys exactly like that.
