Every person in that jury was a complete moron. Hell, everyone in the county.
I was shocked at the lack of basically any evidence against Brendan at all. How could one video of a confession that was so obviously coerced be taken seriously by all 12 of those jurors??
she looks like Adore in the thumbnail
she's kind of like the Posh of the group
she got those from boobsforqueens.com *wink*
Glamazon. i just love that line about working your sexy body so sexual, as if there was any other way you could work your sexy body. Adrenaline and Cover Girl are probably my next two favorites
MR. GORBACHEV! BRING BACK MY GIRLS!
*sigh* get on up...
that happened in my best friend's family, albeit it was way back in the day; her great-grandmother learned as an adult that the woman she thought was her sister was her mother...it was the 1910's so underage motherhood was like a big deal
OHH that's funny! i didn't connect the two, went *whoosh* right over my head
[it will allegedly appear on netflix this year](https://www.google.com/amp/variety.com/2016/tv/news/netflix-people-v-oj-simpson-american-crime-story-fx-deal-1201822010/amp/?client=safari)
it has the words "Hollywood," "Foreign" and "Press" in the title
i loved every episode (and i'm a big AHS fan so i can admit that each season usually gets pretty bad)
"Song of the Ancestors" is the best song from Moana and it wasn't submitted for either the Golden Globes or Oscars which was a travesty
omg that small indian boy is as precious as Dev was when he was in Slumdog Millionaire
"laugh inside amy schumer" was my first laugh of the night i think
this "missing my glasses" bit was much funnier when Tina Fey and Jon Hamm did it a few years ago
i always forget that
historically the majority of network shows aren't very good
omg Steve Carrell and Kristen Wiig are the best presenters so far
one of those men accepting the award for Zootopia (i didn't catch their names)
Dax has secretly been married to a man for 28 years
apparently she plays Wonder Woman in those recent DC films (imo it should have been Mila Kunis) edit: autocorrect changed Mila to Mika
it's like they're bragging about the film which as a midwesterner i find inappropriate
exactly! that's why i was surprised to hear him say it
need to get to them commercials
whatever it was that Viola was just talking about, i loved it
i'm living for what Meryl is saying about Hollywood
didn't he win one for Atlanta? he created the show so i think he received an award
i would vote for her
wow LA LA LAND cleaning up! good for them, i hope this means good things for the Oscars
TIL a walk to remember actress Mandy Moore choreographed La La Land edit: oops different people! it seemed plausible to me
it didn't seem outside of the realm of possibility
[congrats to La La Land for breaking the record for most Golden Globe awards won by a single film!](http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/amp/news/la-la-land-breaks-golden-globe-winners-record-wins-961526?client=safari)
the "G" stands for "Grammy"
he's one of the producers
he does not have an Emmy
i was also surprised by the screenplay win. the filmmaking was what was special, not the writing.
i get their names mixed up all the time, despite knowing each one very well separately.
shit i'm american and i have no clue how big either of those states is
i was just perusing their subreddit and it really is despicable that his supporters blatantly don't mind the fact that the president of the United States mocks reporters. they're all about pointing out "yeah he mocks lots of people! but this one wasn't because the guy has a disability!" like...how fucked up do you have to be to support a political figure who mocks anyone, let alone the handicapped.
ugh his face
i always liked Van and Kirsten while i was watching CNN nightly in the weeks leading up to the election. Jack Kingston on the other hand just always has this smug smile on his face that you want to punch.
holy crap that is tiny. side note: i embarrassingly thought the state was an island until like...last year
not on him, on each other in front of him in the bed where the President and his wife slept. they probably don't need his money and would rather destabilize the United States since they've hated us since time immemorial.
yeah, some police chief or some shit... like he is qualified to verify such things
just like how straight men who have sex with women can't simultaneously be misogynists
idg how it's possible for him to be unable to have conflicts of interest while he clearly... has lots of conflicts of interest
he worked for CNN previously but wasn't on the clock working for them at the time. And Don Lemon said on air that he had worked with that guy immediately after the interview was done. seemed like a coincidence.
two different rooms next to each other both with balconies overlooking a courtyard, MD came out because he thought he was being called
oh okay! makes sense i guess. are they technically Arabs though? just Saudi Arabs?
get this guy a coat! edit: /s
real is what you feel; feelings aren't real.
i see by googling that it was announced this was recorded, but was it ever released?
anyone else read that so slowly trying to see them slip up and use a contraction
oh i see! Jane is also a broadway star; she won the Tony in 2003 for her role in the revival of Nine (which is a great musical that was later made into a bad movie with Daniel Day-Lewis) and was just on Broadway last year in She Loves Me (which i saw live and she was phenomenal) where are you seeing the Little Mermaid?
yeah i'm sure that show featuring some GEICO mascots was a shining beacon of humor and intelligence
thanks Jude-n-Sue!
just another attack against Trump
oh okay! thank you again!
seriously wtf some one christmas i received (from two people) two copies of a DS game of Bleach... an anime i have never seen in my life.
in what way are you five different ethnicities?
"irish" and "german" are not two different races, they're both caucasian. "marshallese" and "kiribatese" are both pacific islander according to the US census, so you actually counted wrong twice and are four different races.
obviously the whole thing was racist but they didn't just choose Kenya at random; Obama's father is from Kenya.
this is not r/news so it doesn't have to be news
"Pence defends Trump" does not mean *Pence says specifically what Trump said. edit: Pence
no, puppet. you're the puppet.
The Gone Girl on the Train with the Lower Back Dragon Tattoo
thank you so much!
i'm triggered by the apostrophe in "White's Only"
shouldn't he be busy making those FOUR sequels to Avatar
thank you kind stranger!
apparently it was supposed to be Lea Salonga for both speaking and singing but her manly voice was unconvincing
She always seems much younger than she is. She's older than Angelina Jolie! edit: thought she was slightly younger when she made Enchanted
is it me or does Jerry look a bit like the president in that photo
like that neighbor dad from American Beauty!
he's been a very bad boy
the onion was never fake news, it was satire / comedy. fake news is those websites that have articles about shit that literally didn't occur which dumb americans (coincidentally usually trump supporters) would believe. at some point during the election it got turned around to refer to biased media (like breitbart) and *then* got turned around again to basically focus on actual mainstream media posting stories that the readers (coincidentally again usually trump supporters) did not agree with. so at this point basically everything is fake news and facts don't exist and reality is unknowable.
lol Paul McCartney is worth 1.2 billion dollars. he's fine.
huh he bought rights to peoples songs?? how dare he!
lol yes i was also being humorous
i thought it was much too long, way too dark and absolutely joyless. I thought there should have been at least a moment fun to be had but it was too "realist" for my tastes. to each his own!
they're a company, not one person. he's 74, 1.2 billion dollars is more than enough to last him until he dies.
the way they love to defend Trump's views on LGBT is usually something like "he doesn't care!!" Yeah that's just what i want, a president who doesn't care about me.
that's his "official portrait" or some shit... like dude why do you look so pissed isn't this what you wanted??
whenever i go on that site i get sucked in for a long time, sometimes hours. i think they're referring to that
my best friend texted me during the inaug and said "Hate them if you will but seriously how beautiful is Melania Trump" and obviously i'm not blind so i had to reluctantly agree
i feel like i saw this episode a few weeks ago, either way i thought it was very cool
definitely I Know Him So Well from Chess
yeah kids being shipped off to their death is great
anyone else love how much Rebecca pronounced "engaged" like a French person
rocking a cowboy hat that a KISS FM DJ once called "a sweet lid"
agreed, his cabinet was a shitshow, but he does seem like he'd be a fun guy to hang out with.
just everything about him deserved it tbh
i think it's a pretty common thing. that's why i hate to finish before my boyfriend 'cause like obviously i want him to finish but i'm much less invested after i'm done
okay bro i don't care about your ice cream analogy. i'm not talking about ethnicity or race, i'm literally talking about the color of his skin. that thing he was judged for and caused all that racist stuff about him being born in Kenya. yes, i know that if one parent is white and one is black you're half-black.
the girl is Natalia Dyer and the boy is Charlie Heaton. i feel like you should know that since your name is u/nataliadyer
[picture from Friday was taken at 11:49 AM](https://d3i6fh83elv35t.cloudfront.net/newshour/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/comparison-withtime-1024x576.jpg)
for those sick or the truth, try Alternative Facts!™
the narrative being he actual true fact that Spicer lied.
