Buying an Impala could work.
What brought that on as they're usually doing the international cons around that time?
Which is why we should do a writers' panel.
Bad posture. It doesn't have to be ram rod straight, but stand up with your shoulders back, pick your feet up when walking (don't shuffle), and don't mumble when talking or overly apologize or be passive aggressive. It's not about being "super confident," just more about presenting yourself as being an adult who can hold adult conversations with people.
My five pound cat doesn't have the ability to judge her reactions of clawing me if I rub her the wrong wat.
They're trolls.
The Professional Left, Supernatural The Crossroads, Dead Authors Podcast,
steampunk= waterpunk was a bit of a joke. I really, really like this take on it as steampunk is so overdone and really cheesy a lot of the time.
but I don't know what I'm going to do yet.
Are we talking about Colbert or Joe Howard playing George Frankly? Honestly, I'd listen to either on NPR.
It looks like slave princess Baldrick
I'm here to chew gum and invade Poland, and I'm all out of bubblegum.
This is based on a movie from the 40s with Ingrid Bergman, Charles Boyer, and Joseph Cotten. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ToLfQU2xmg Also Angela Lansbury's first movie ever. She's like 16 here. -- I get... frustrated with this concept. My mom is constantly getting gaslighted by her husband, and even worse, she has some legitimate post-brain tumor memory issues. But he still uses her to put her down just manipulate her in order to boost his own ego. It's slightly more complicated than regular negging/downputting/emotional manipulation. The concept is that someone is actively trying to convince another person that they're insane/incapable of rational thought/emotions for their own selfish reasons.
I think context is key here. Prior to Pedowitz was Dawn Ostroff. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dawn_Ostroff Around S6-7, she was actively trying to rebrand the channel as a teenaged girls' angst channel, and pushing their more popular shows off (like SPN) to make room for that kind of market including trying to push SPN onto Friday with a very low budget in order to kill it off (part of Gamble's problems was lack of budget). That's why we got things like The Carrie Dairies. Pedowitz is directly talking about the mistakes Ostroff had made by targeting that audience, and then the rest of the world labelling/dismissing it as "a young girls' network." Yes, he could have stated it better, but that's the real point of reference here. He was trying to re-rebrand it back up to men and women (yes, back to mostly men) with SPN helping a lot on that area, but now going to more of a DC on CW channel that could be inclusive for women and men and hit the superheroes trend while it was red hot.
120 years- you think the Spanish American War just fought itself?
Jared and Jensen introduced JDM to his future wife, and they've since had a kid together. He might not be in that clique, but they're very tight. Jensen definitely sees JDM as some sort of larger than life not-quite father figure.
My cat had to spend a week at my grandma's. I finally got the cat home, we're hanging out, and I realize that she smells like grandma and not my cat. I was slightly peeved.
I totally get what you're saying- that Star Trek is the epitome of utopia scifi and should strive to be so- where all of the "problems" are external and not internal. That was actually one of the negative critiques of DS9 at the time- that it was too dark, too outside of the scope of what Roddenberry wanted to do. But we, in our culture, need the internal tension as well as the internal. We need to pluck at the threads of our assumptions and happiness in order to tell good stories. It doesn't have to be an absolute self reflecting belly button naval gazing out into the universe, but DS9 found a solid middle ground of shaking up the axioms of Trek while also solidifying those ideal tenets.
Oh I get that. but it's the weird "everything is bunnies and sunshine" world viewpoint in a movie that features a pretty kickass woman character who is both designed to be the perfect sexpot AND ALSO subverting her culture's expectations of how she should act and be solely based on how she's drawn.
Could be, but I also heard it disseminated out on the web as well somewhere. That also could have been Tiki, so I didn't want to presume it was just one person.
You mean you just have to take 5 extra minutes to rewrite something to make a plot fit the character? Like, let's see. Cole is back home from the war. He's having emotional issues, gets up from a nightmare to find the same scene. He's 23-23 at the time, capable of fighting, but just shuts down, because of the scene. Ten years later, he's back, and is completely dedicated to hunting down Dean at age.... 34 ish.
Puking on pork rings must be the absolute worst.
Ah, yes. Rosemary's Baby. The story of a mother to be carrying the anti-Christ and usher in the Apocalypse.
You're completely wrong about the interviews. TDS is completely underrated for its interviews, and one of the few shows that feature academic and authors at all on television.
Why is Samuel Colt not the gunsmith??!
If anything, Supernatural back in the day felt more like Hellblazer than Constantine did.
And the tobacco industry never engaged in propaganda
The metaphor doesn't quite work as all apples will rot on their own given enough time, and has nothing to do with ethics or morals as well. It's a simplified metaphor, but we can't take it too deep.
*Pearl of Great Price
So wait. Ned Ryerson is Gabriel?!
It's not my problem if other people don't get a parody reference and most people outside of the state aren't going to see it in the first place. Airing our dirty laundry is assinine. People already think we're homophobic rednecks who think Obama is an atheist secret Muslim Kenyan Usurper and are tots cool with Phelps. Showing people that we're not by mocking the bigotry is actually showing that we are addressing our problems by confronting them, not pretending that they don't exist. Also the bumper stickers might actually predate Brownback, but I can't remember for sure.
When has Dean ever exhibited a normal circadian rhythm?
GEDean is Sam's beta?
And They Live is a movie and not a game.
Coralville-Iowa City are so gay, they've been in a domestic relationship for decades.
Singer once laughed that he suddenly realized Genevieve and Jared were a couple during those scenes. "Jared's a good actor, but he's not that good." Also this show somehow managed to get away with some.... Ironic sex scenes with Sam and Madison, a werewolf.
Uff.. I was all for it right up until the rape/underage tags :(
"Em," said Sam, trying to work out what to say next.
Anything would be better than disquis.
As someone who had to learn English first with the smudging issue and then the Arabic alphabet later, I can attest that it's completely different and was absolutely loving how much easier and enjoyable it is not having to fight against the paper With that said, you have no idea what you're talking about, and your smug attitude about this is highly obnoxious. There are so many more issues and aspects about this topic m, and your blatant dismissal is asshole-ish at best.
So does those other countries with maternity leave.
But first you have to burn through all of your sick/vacation time before you can get fmla.
The Studfather. In this version, it's a decapitated human head in the stall
The same stats that had Kerry ahead at the polling stations in Ohio, but still had Bush winning?
We do a pretty half-assed job of it from what I"ve seen.
Harry Potter didn't actually fix his culture. The multi-generational fascistic tendencies of upper class, wealthy pure blood wizards and witches were left wholly intact without a massive cultural overhaul to really kill that ethos. The war didn't win so much as just everyone got exhausted and basically stopped fighting. Voldemort was a symbol, not a leader. The next generation will just start up again with their new "dark wizard," because they really don't give a shit who the leader is just as long as he's saying the right things.
This is what happens when people try to apply capitalistic economic worth onto human beings. Also when they confuse capitalism onto society. None of these things are the same in the least, and yet an entire political party has spent the last 80 years trying to convince people to think of other people in terms of economic worth or drain. It's insidious.
Are left handed people performing oomox with children? You decide.
Israeli archaeology is highly, highly politicized from multiple spectrums of groups. I don't know if there's a more complex system out there for the area.
You're comparing people to your drain. Classy.
&gt;Re: Jessica teaching Sam to eat healthy. I want to reject that one because I love the concept of lil Sammy striving to differentiate himself from his family by what food he eats. This links up to /u/laurellestars' thing about Sam &amp; eating/food : I definitely wouldn't put eating habits and/or diet past Sam as serving a psychologically stabilizing purpose for one reason or another (&amp; then it getting out of hand into extremes). Sam is the Lisa Simpson of the Supernatural world. &gt;I think Sam's someone who feels the ground shifting underfoot a lot &amp; needs either a person or a thing to fixate upon to set him steady. Academic excellence, Jess &amp; Dean were/are all functional people/things to depend on for Sam, but rob him of those things, he kinda goes off the deep end: addiction, neurotic control over food maybe but definitely neurotic control over hunting &amp; whatnot -- Mystery Spot, hooking up with Ruby, etc. Ruby gave him the same foundation that Jess and Dean gave him, but she twisted it to her own wants. Even Amelia had that same kind of "take charge of Sam's life" aspect about her a bit. Sam wants someone to be in the driver's seat, but he's also stubborn as a Mule (when he gets this way, I call him Samule), and will donkey kick people he rejects as unworthy of being in that role. Meg screwed up the first time they met by trying to have Sam lead them. If she had taken charge and started bossing him around, he very well might have gone to LA with her.
What? No. I mean, it'd cooler if she went up against a genius tactician than the guy who just rages hulks out to fight.
No, because Sam just full on lied to Dean about Ruby's identity. He didn't have to, and he could have explained almost everything to a certain degree. That's what I mean. By then, he'd already started on this bad path even before Dean was brought back. Also he'd already drank that nurse by the time he got the fake message.
So what you're saying is that Brendan Fraser should have stuck to being the basketball player?
It's happened in the past, when people were trying to pass as white. More rarer were people passing as a minority. Sometimes to get married, sometimes not.
The only kid to ever win at "too slow."
I think it's, like, a simile.
So the Dexter Morgan approach to cooking? When I make pie dough, I use wax paper as a tarp. Makes cleaning up 90% easier.
This is the key to those Spielberg movies. They took the movies seriously. It wasn't some stupid cash grab or quickie flick fest designed to get in and out. Indy is a perfect example. There was real intellectual fervor and discourse to back up the movie. It wasn't about the ark of the covenant, it was about competing philosophies in academia and especially archaeology (The nature of things, the adoration of things, the weaponization of things, etc). And that's barely in the movie about gun fights and whips and Nazis. You could tell that Indy was a cowboy archaeologist (an actual thing) who knew his shit on an academic level. Same with Jurassic Park. It's not just cloning dinos, shit happens. They go into the process of how it happens. The science and science fiction backs up the plot (nevermind it doesn't work in reality), and then the dinos run amok. The discussion about the watch in Raiders (why is something important historically?) is roughly on the level of the cartoon in JP. Why does this science work given what we know about 1990s ancient DNA studies? Okay, frogs. You're emotionally and academically invested in both of these things, and then get involved with the action stuff. It's not enough just to rest on Nazis being baddies, we need to know what they're going to do with the ark, and why it's important on an academic level beyond even that. That's where a lot the sequels and cheap movies fail. They don't sit down, work out the internal dynamics of a story and why something would work in a story, and then build from there. Instead they just "Dinos kill, rampage. Indy flies into a video game plot. Shit happens. Jokes Happen. Done."
No, it's okay when it's done well; like semi-colons. But it's an easier way to build drama and tension without having to write an entire paragraph to convey the same feelings/mood. "Dean was thoroughly tired on the motel bed. What was he going to do now? Sam was gone." "Dean was thoroughly tired on the motel bed. He had been in too many motel rooms to not find a distraction. The lamps, the bible, the cheap furniture. One time, he and Sam pulled up a carpet up off a floor as kids. Just to see what was beneath. Dean knew motel rooms. He just... didn't know where Sam was, wasn't in a position to find him. Stuck in yet another motel room."
Trapped in the closet ~~wardrobe~~
1) Acquire Gold Pressed Latinum 2) Profit!
I get that. It's like the movie wanted to be an environmental indictment against overfishing coupled with his career. Then suddenly realized that an even better story revolved around how his childhood was just horrible and it further strained his relationship with his sons.
Oedipus rekt
now I know why Central Perk did so well.
It does look better than past models, but it's still in that "What are you being paid for?!" category.
OMG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! YAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!! JIBCON REPRESENTATION!\\\ You should wear an FND button and pass out business cards
............................................ That's not the right link. http://io9.com/this-is-why-having-a-pet-dinosaur-is-just-like-having-a-1711325287 This is the right link
http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lma9b9Rva81qedbtp.gif
It's not so much his use of religion as much as what excuse he can spin from any area to justify his batshit crazy views on things.
It was also a lot of courtroom drama and misdirection. Simpson was specifically told by his attorneys to make his hands as big as possible and struggle to get thrm on to show that they didn't fit whether or not they actually did.
That's pretty specious. I'd really want data to back that up, because I'm talking about fairly deep time relationships that aren't necessarily tied to a more modern timeframe.
This isn't exactly the same population set up as it would have been traditionally as they're all immigrants in a completely foreign country with even more limited access to potential mates than before. Also there might be a couple people with genetic disorders in the original population which would create a founder effect scenario. There are many issues beyond simple genetics when it comes to these kinds of results. I'm not saying that's what happened here, but it's not always an easy way to extrapolate this kind of result and compare it easily to historic trends and demographic information.
I thought it was a better version of Cas fixing Demon Dean
I always wanted to see a Seinfeld episode where Newman was the lead, the episode followed his life for a day, and Seinfeld was his arch nemesis. They could even do a mock title opening, and call the show "Hello, Newman!" only all bright and cheery.
So he's the anti-Batman?
That's fine. Too bad about the time crunch. Just let us know what's going on.
It's not an exercise in utilitarianism like most people are treating this. Pick whatever you want, and it's really nice to see some variety here.
Sure, if there was one sub of horrible people, but Reddit is just loaded with them.
Now I want a C is for Cookie death metal cover.
Well, fuck. Why not square that circle by going a full 3/5s.
This is the David Brooks moral argument for statistic reasoning. It's not a structural problem that preys on disenfranchised people who lack resources and social help to get ahead, it's the fault of unwed mothers to blame for black men having a one out of three chance for going to prison.
Sanguine doesn't look right? It looks more French than Latin, and even then I'm not sure about the ablative declension.
&gt;The pervasive lack of attention to childcare for female faculty at an institution run by childless, male, Catholic priests I feel like that might be less traditional sexism and more completely and daft oversight. Priests aren't exactly in the area of "oh, people have kids and need to have childcare, because that's either my or my coworkers' experiences." It very well could be a little too abstract/out of their purview- like I could see nuns having that sentiment. Not the hardcore leftwing nuns on the bus types, but the more sedate ones.
All of the psychic kids were supposed to go evil sooner or later. Sam going hardcore could have been spun off as an extension of that theme plus Azazel just like fucking with people. Sam was also supposed to be the one who got Dean out of hell, but it's probably better that he hadn't as it was too much of a power boost. Kripke also said Ruby was written as going to be bad from Magnificent Seven (her intro ep), so the entire plot run for her was deliberately set up as a double agent.
My Etruscan field school professor would joke that half of all Italian antiquities are in the attics of farmers. You can't really get mad at farmers out plowing their fields (unlike say construction and urban spread). Their entire lives revolve around these fields as did probably their ancestors before them.
So go full mpaa fining on them? I could be cool with that.
I can see the issue of Dean becoming "evil, so he's going to act like a douche." The problem is that he wasn't really evil and the red pill aspect of "being evil" failed completely and utterly. He just came off a mid90s brodouche where the only thing was the barbed wire tat and frosted tips.
Ugh. There is something kind of skeevy about this post.
http://archiveofourown.org/works/4162815 I was going to post this here, but this turned into a 3500 word copy/response to this essay.
Please be Jensen Ackles please be Jensen Ackles
It's painful that gogo boots, minidress, secretary Lt. Uhura was a better character and feminist icon than her modern day counterpart. Or whatever blonde Dr. Barbie.the other actress was.
This is how women get just flat out murdered. In many countries where it's somewhat condoned, but also on individual levels where domestic partners just lose their shit and start spouting on about honor and fidelity and whatever floats into their brains to justify domestic violence.
That's some unfortunate irony.
"Hey, fuck Carl." "What are you talking about? Carl's awesome. You don't listen to the mean man. I mean, if you want to pick on someone, go after Lenny."
I love that he's androgynous, but it's not default-male androgyny. He's a man who loves to mix and match his androgyny.
I"d love to see someone ask what all of their future post-SPN plans are. Also when the show ended, if Jared and Jensen would do another project together, and what they'd be interested in doing.
Carver was in a perfect position to retconn her into being brainwashed/fucked up by Naomi and went off the deep end. That would have fixed everything about that plot and made Naomi that more scary.
No, I mean it's way, way more Dark Shadows fanfic than it is SPN.
but how could I ever poop properly without that cup of yogurt?
