Do we get a virus whenever we click?
1. Swagni (Agni) 2. Scarlet Coven (Isis) 3. Slaughterhouse (Chaac) 4. Nox recolor (Nox, duh) 5. Ra'merica (Ra)
Guess I gotta get good at DOTA now.
I play Smite to enjoy Smite. Win or lose, doing poorly or doing great, I always try to enjoy the game. I'm not playing to win, I'm playing to have a good-time, as I have with all other games. Winning is just the goal of the game, you're suppose to try to win, that is natural. I try my best to win, but I don't throw a monkey across the room if we lose, or cry into a bucket of ice-cream if I do poorly. What ruins this fun, is when people start throwing around insults because you lost, blaming everyone but themselves. Calling you a "noob" because you didn't do very well that one game, when they have never seen any of your other matches. People surrendering when we have late-game gods, or are winning but one person is doing poorly. I hate when people get angry when I (or anyone) play gods that I'm not familiar with/good with. The only way to learn a god is to play them, meaning that you have to suck with them first in order to get better. I've had countless amounts of people "report" me for picking a god I've never played and doing poorly with them. P.S. That is the worst thing I have ever experienced. I have my moments of full-try-hard mode, and every time I do someone is higher than the DeathStar, or drunker than Jack Sparrow.
I think the only time someone gets a pass for doing dumb stuff is when using Janus' ult in arena. Fling that portal, baby.
Have you had a jungler who's excuse not to ward (anything) is because "wards are useless because I have my map turned off"? I have.
Right? He said it was because "frame-rate issues", but would also throw in that the minimap was "useless". This is why I avoid Conquest most of the time. xD
Just give it a while, eventually the mastery skins will be updated to fit the new standard for them. Just takes time.
I still want a Baka-sura skin.
So basically download app, meet requirement, get skin, never use again?
No, it's free.
They're slowly trying to trap us in the game.
Thanks, would have never known. xD Free stuff, woo!
Nothing will ever replace my Scarlet Coven. The only skin that lets me express how I feel about my teammates. You suck! Joke aside (*coughnotajokecough*), the skin looks pretty nice for a t2.
I don't doubt it, I'm just terrible with assassins. xD
So is it a simple server issue with no fix? If that's the case, the solution would be to wait until tomorrow when most people have it downloaded/updated.
They got stomped. I feel bad for them, even though I picked Cloud 9 on my ticket.
At the end of the SWC.
Begin the era of Enemy.
I picked Enemy and C9, fuck my life.
They did not care at all about that win. xD
I put "Only some parts". I feel that there should be those gods that are easy to pick up, play, and understand, for the new players (Neith, Ra, etc). But I don't think new gods should be catering to new players, as the more experienced players who put time, money, sweat, and maybe a tear or two into this game are probably the ones more than likely playing the new gods. I also feel that Conquest should be easier to understand. I remember at lower levels, everyone was just going to whatever lane they felt like, no junglers, or just team fighting at level 1. This should be easier to understand, and obviously the tutorial doesn't do that. This could be fixed by labeling the lanes, and labeling gods with a recommended lane. I also think that the recommended items need to be redone again. Was playing Change, and noticed that Divine Ruin was a suggested item, even though it's a situational item that Change doesn't really need since her 3 has built in anti-healing. Other than that, no. This game should not become more "noob friendly". Competitive games are meant to require time and effort to learn. If everyone can do the same amount of good, regardless of skill, then why even try to learn?
They are forcing people to watch it. Illuminati confirmed.
!raffle How do I !raffle? I want free gems. R.I.P My sanity.
It's called "Xbox One" for a reason.
On paper, these changes sound AMAZING. However, they can be executed horridly.
Squiddle.
I like it, honestly. Just because it gives me more of an reason to grab my actives, rather than holding off on them because I want to buy something else.
No, probably less so once the trinket update is released.
Good. Because my friend spammed Bellonas VEL, and I loved it. Cx
I joined a bit before the release of Medusa (I believe), so around the end of March. So almost a year ago. Was tired of LoL's community, and went through some different MOBAs, and Smite was the one that stuck.
The icons come around during a "Smite Pantheon Weekend" event. They haven't been doing these recently (for some reason), and I believe not all the pantheons even have icons yet. The event consists of: Winning a match to claim the icon, sales for skins belonging to that pantheon, as well as VP sales, and usually a MOTD based around that pantheon. The only way to get these icons are through these events, or through certain chests (Odyssey is the only one I've noticed).
Ew.
Mute and block feature.
You're right.
It hasn't been updated yet. It will more than likely be done when the patch goes live tomorrow. Probably just doing it to save time.
Kumba. He is more supportive base, while still being able to hold his own... weight.
If he no longer says "this might be too big for me!" every time I purchased an item, I would be completely fine with it.
Then I will make sure to give every Cupid player a .... Hel of a time.
Nu Wa. She even has a recolor that is exclusive (granted, it's free).
So..? It's still an exclusive skin. And the Merc skins were also available for a decent length of time when they were released.
Sike.
It's for the Japanese event, which hasn't started yet. You have to purchase the items from the Japanese events.
No. There have been about 13 posts about this already, you aren't the only one. And the same answer applies. They haven't updated the ticket yet.
I don't need a build guide, thanks for the offer though. We just have different opinions on items, obviously, and you believe yours is superior, so I won't argue you either.
Season 3 hasn't started yet.
On top of the T2, the Exclusive, and the Shadow skin he just got.
The app will be coming to Android in due time, and the skin will be available through that as well.
I only like gen 1 of Pokemon. Huehuehue.
What would Smite be without it's bugs every patch?
League 3v3 will be added in February. Arena doesn't fit the competitive scene, as it's more of a casual game mode. I believe they had it at one point, but removed it for that reason. Arena, Siege, Clash, etc. Are all casual game modes. Not modes for people to learn on. They are modes that you play to enjoy a match or two, without being too crazy about how you are performing, or getting supper bummed out for losing. They are also used to get god masteries, since you can only play gods you have mastered in ranked games.
It hasn't.
The only game mode I excuse this on is MOTD.
Yes, but Joust, Siege, and Clash would make perfect sense to be league modes. Arena would not.
Don't forget vision. Nu Wa's ult can strategically be used to check for ganks, objective steals, etc. when enemies are missing, and not visible by wards.
You need to buy the skins/wards that become available for the event. It's basically a mini-odyssey.
For warrior, I highly recommend Bellona and Hercules. For hunter, I recommend Apollo and Xbal For mage, I recommend Zhong Kui, Vulcan, Agni, and Janus. For guardian, I recommend Khepri, Xing Tian, and Kumba For assassins, I recommend Mercury and Fenrir.
I got called a noob in a MOTD once because I was using Apollo's ult to get behind the enemy and go to their titan. Like dude, you give me infinite mana on an Apollo, I'm going to abuse his ultimate. Plain and simple.
I usually start off Poly right out of the gate (depending on the mode). Seeing as she has her 3, you can hold off on getting (cd) boots until the 3rd item, though I tend to get them as her second item. Demonic Ring is a great item for her as well, since she is more focused on basic attacks. Spear of the Magi, chronos pendent, and then Rod of Tahuti. As for what to level, my usual habit is: Put 1 point into each ability (2, 3, 1), put a second point into her 2, and then max her 1, then her 2, and put a point in her ult whenever it is available.
Because if the map is anything like the current map (jungle on either side of lane) he has very high ganking potential, especially since he cannot be seen when invisible (by wards). So any squishy teammates can get one shot, feeding him until he is fat. Also, because he's Loki.
I would like her recolor if it was like this.
That poem would make anyone weak in the knees.
Yeah. I believe it is from the SWC, but I received way more than I expected... Like 200FP... I mean, thanks HiRez, but coulda bought me a drink first, maybe took me out to dinner, have a relaxing evening by the fire...
Hey man, it's just an ez game ez life.
Is it memes?
That's what they call irony, my dear Watson.
Removing Arena and Assault wouldn't move people to a different game mode. There are people who exclusively play them, and the only reason they play Smite is for them. These people don't hurt the Conquest queue, seeing as they wouldn't be there anyway.
Don't like people who spam the laugh emote? No problem. We have the solution for you! Introducing the number-one anti-laugh spamming device in the world, the Mute Button. This device is automatically added into your game FOR FREE with every purchase of a keyboard. Simply hit the tab key, roll over to the mute button, click, and you're done! It's just that easy! And call now, and we'll even through in a second Mute Button ABSOLUTELY FREE! That's right, get two mute buttons for the price of one. But act fast, because offers end at a random date set in the future that doesn't mean anything because we really need you to buy our product! So act now, and call our troll free number!
Mute them before hand (the entire team). If you don't, and they do it at the end, deal with it, as it only lasts like a second.
Be easier to put numbers under the god portraits (usually displayed around the edges of the screen) and just adding "Enemy ultimate down (1) (2) (3) (4) (5)", to easily point out which god you are referring to, without adding any super-difficult system.
I hope not. Was hoping to purchase the Cortana Sol. :(
It deserves more attention, it's a nice decal that I'd even consider buying myself if I wasn't short on cash at the moment. xD Should post it on the LoL reddit/Forum as well, as I am sure they have more users interested in this type of thing.
I got Khepri against Aphro and was losing quite bad, so me and him had a jump party at my titan while his fire minions took my titan. It was glorious.
Solo because I like farming simulators.
Even so, that's a slot that needs to be taken up with another active (I don't care what they call them, they will always be actives to me &lt;/3) item that could be far more useful.
I try to block Janus' ult. It's just a reflex when I see an animation aimed at someone I'm guarding.
Yu-Gi-Oh.
I wouldn't mind getting to use the older ones we unlocked. The gold/black one looked pretty fancy.
There use to be a "pantheon weekend" that happened about once a month, but they stopped doing that for whatever reason.
100% this
No, they won't. This is season 2 fantasy points, and will not be reused for season 3. However, whether or not they may throw in an extra reward at the end of season 2 (for whatever reason), no one knows. If they do plan it, it is a complete surprise at this time.
Been happening to a few people, myself included.
Spending gems on a god is the worst idea ever.
And the god pack is cheaper than buying gods individually.
I press F6 when I see a Loki. No, but seriously, I only F6 when a majority of my team wants to F6. Not going to play with a team who doesn't want to be in the situation any more.
Lel
Around 5 or 6.
"get rekt" Oh man, that's like the worst BM I've ever heard!
Step 1. Get cocky. Step 2. Remember your bad. Step 3. Feed. Step 4. Have 10 deaths, 0 kills. Step 5. You're now officially bad at 1v1. Congratulations!
I think they should. Give people a chance to get whatever remaining FP they need, or give people (like myself) grinding up a diamond a chance to get a little boost, but quicker. Granted, you could always just play Arena, as those hardly ever last more than 10 minutes, but I can only take so much of Arena before I want to cram a pickle into a lemon and give it to a baby.
Yeah, only with two colt-revolvers, one of those cowboy-trenchcoats, a beard, kind of like John Marston.
What is it like, being a Barracuda?
Agreed.
This actually would make way more sense... Otherwise he just reminds me of Jacket from PayDay 2.
Same happened to me. Just chatted about the weather for a few minutes.
So would his 1 shoot out a cross? And he'd fly on like angel wings or some shit? Because that look sick.
We'll miss you both. Thank you for doing what you have for this game, and for HiRez. For making the YouTube channel amazing, and for being just great people. Best of luck to them. :)
Was going to use the Kelly one until I realized Bart's icon had glasses that said "Swag". xD
The community. The same reason why I left League of Legends.
Blind Assault is fine with a couple of friends. Can just pick a god, and dick around.
