All things being equal, sure. But I doubt these women live in a world where they can turn to their husbands, families and community and say 'oh, I'd rather drive thanks', and simply take their children to another school. Certainly not without some kind of consequence. I think most people choose to not cause the fuss. To do what is expected and what their family and community say is 'right'. I'm not sure I want to see the government stepping in. I'm not sure what that could even mean. Certainly while we allow faith schools then this kind of thing can happen. Therefore criticism by outside parties is all we really have and saying 'problem identified and easily avoided' does nothing but enable the situation.
But... They're not all symmetrical.
It's a great moment. Olly's been simmering with discontent and at this moment show watchers perhaps feel he's listened to Sam and maybe changed his mind about it all. Well... he certainly heard the words and is now going to do what he thinks is right. I suspect he's not the only discontent member... and perhaps they've all been talking.
&gt;As I watch a scene where ice zombies fight giants, as men with magical swords shatter the lords of the undead, I look upon the mother unable to put a knife through wight children and say, "that's a bit much, isn't it."
Tilt brush was definitely the one that most sold me on the vive controllers.
&gt;The Story Needs Closure They could put out a comic, animation, or single paragraph to explain what would happen. &gt;Tron Still Has A Faithful Following Not enough to sell the amount of tickets they need. &gt;Disney Needs To Support Original Sci-Fi A film with a sequel, numerous games and a cartoon series is the basis from which a new sequel will be 'original'?
There's a reason why Blair remains political poison for the Labour party.
To be fair, I now want Qatar to host the world cup.
I looked at it, but to be honest I'd want to use it on commercial projects and the time required to learn it makes it a risky proposition. Maybe in the future as you say :)
Lived in a flat in London that had mice. Put down glue traps. Caught cockroaches. Moved out.
I tried them. The entire thing has haptic feedback. Having a physical controller that is represented in the VR world also gives you a psychological anchor - you are holding something that you SEE in front of you. It's cool :)
Nice try, Sepp.
Sounds to me like he just wants more of the same. Like... literally. He wants it to look and play exactly the same. But with Jetpacks and parkour or some other stuff... Really the guy just wants Brutal Doom. Brutal Doom with Jetpacks.
Congrats, guys! We on the Colosse team were v impressed with your entry.
Thanks, Callum!
Awesome :) We updated it, and we're gonna continue to do so - as well as make some more. It's a nice way of making stories :)
I find this a frustrating opinion and one couched in tautology. VR is massively under represented by women, as is this sub, but from my experience women are just as enthralled by VR - and enthusiastic when they try it. We need to ensure we're not making the situation worse by writing off half the population as 'not interested', thus creating a self-fulfilling prophesy where women are made to feel that this is not a place 'for them'.
&gt;It seems the combinaison of tech/gaming just isnt very interesting for women in general, and its ok, Women love tech. Look at phones - women love phones. Games? [I'll just leave this here.](http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2014/sep/18/52-percent-people-playing-games-women-industry-doesnt-know) &gt;no need to force em to join us. This is of course fine and all - no one should be 'forced' to do anything. However as soon as talk moves towards 'encouraging' women to join in VR I encounter outright hostility to the idea. Look no further than the talk about Oculus Connect last year - an event that as an attendee I would characterise as an Official Sausage Fest. Suggestions were made that maybe it wouldn't be a bad idea to invite women's gaming enthusiast or developer groups along and the talk turned hostile. How dare those women get tickets OVER people who were actually interested! No one had done anything yet, but the mere suggestion that women be encouraged to join the sector was met by hostility. I sort of see why. It's not EASY to be a VR Dev - there's no market. Those involved are genuinely passionate about the medium and want it to grow and be amazing. The idea that someone not 'passionate' about VR to get involved should get some kind of 'special treatment' seems unfair. This is horribly short sighted. This is not about some arbitrary PC 'agenda' or 'quota'. From a purely capitalist point of view we want as wide a customer base as possible to enjoy and buy into VR - and half the population is women. It's also about a diversity of creative input. This isn't just limited to women. People from a different background will have different ideas - and the more viewpoints we have the more exciting the VR space will become. I'm all for encouraging women to join in. The more the merrier. If that means actively campaigning to diversify the VR space then fine. Rejecting any efforts to do so as 'unfair' or 'PC gone made' or whatever is short sighted at best.
I don't agree. Promoting a business sector to a particular demographic in order to get them involved to a greater degree is not 'infantalising' - it's the very basis of much of the advertising industry.
&gt;The vast majority of people (male and female) have smartphones because they're useful, but few people are enthusiasts about phones I would contend that there are plenty of women who are interested in the specifics of the technology of phones and are enthusiasts, but let's move along... &gt;few people are enthusiasts about phones: keeping up with new developments, knowing technical differences and reasons for getting one model over another, etc etc You believe that we need to ensure VR is restricted only to those who are enthusiastic about the tech specs? That seems massively short sighted - and also completely at odds with the intentions of every single company currently looking at selling VR to the world. Meanwhile there are plenty of guys who buy phones who buy them because they are the next 'cool' thing, rather than because of specs. But again - why should it matter? Women buy phones, iPads, cars, TVs and every other catagory of device. Technology is not a barrier. It's not even bizarre to target technology at women: http://www.gamnesia.com/news/nintendo-will-focus-on-attracting-female-customers-to-3ds-in-japan-this-yea - Nintendo managed great success in targeting the wii at 'family', thus expanding the reach of games as a whole. They failed to follow it up of course, but they did a great job in the Wii's life span. What other concerns might we have? That there are not enough female devs perhaps. I have met plenty of female devs and producers interested in VR, so there is no inherent barrier to women being involved in development - but still there could be more. VR is a creative medium - as is Film. Film is also a highly technical field, so there are similarities there. From the link below: http://www.wmm.com/resources/film_facts.shtml &gt;In 2012, women comprised 18% of all directors, executive producers, producers, writers, cinematographers, and editors working on the top 250 domestic grossing films. This represents an increase of 2 percentage points from 2010 and an increase of 1 percentage point from 1998. Even in film - a medium a century old - we are seeing a steady increase in female talent behind the scenes, and yet it is still far more representative than VR, let alone tech industries as a whole. There is no reason why the percentage of females working in VR cannot reach the same level as in film. The benefits are clear both creatively and commercially, but the negative reaction to even the SUGGESTION that more women be merely ENCOURAGED to join in - not given a free pass, or any additional help, just encouraged - I think is more illustrative of why women may feel unwelcome in tech spaces than anything else.
I've been reliably informed that whatever I do I should never go back there.
Varys' intention is to continue Cersei's disastrous reign in order to allow his chosen Dragon to return to a chaotic mess. I think this still works with Varys being the trigger man - he's ensuring Dany is set to return to Westeros in the best position possible.
Your metaphors are horribly tortured, but I understand what you are grasping at. However, you seem to be suggesting that due to a lack of demand FROM women that it is pointless to GENERATE demand from women. This is pretty silly. Companies look to expand their markets to different demographics all the time. Nintendo expanded into the entire family with the Wii and the 3DS sells very well to girls. This is no ACCIDENT. They targeted women because they want to sell to them. Same goes with ANY product.
lol I don't think you understand how business works at all, but good luck to you and good day, sir.
/r/iamverysmart ;)
&gt;lol, there is not much we can do about it Not with that attitude. &gt;the only way this will get fixed is content, content, and content. Well, I'm happy to hear a suggestion of a solution at the very least ;)
0:35: that's the face of: "Oh shit... I definitely left the oven on"
"he's pretty manly now, but he's also a complete asshole"
Clearly we should be enforcing a maximum wage. This of course would mean bankers, heads of media companies and business leaders, Telegraph. Oh... oh not them. Just charities? Ok.
He's weird though, so I wouldn't listen to a word he says about anything.
So they can now marry the people they truly want to?
Execs seeing this: "But I LOVED the gay sex scene! I would have mentioned it if I knew it would get me the job.... :("
&gt;Then he says they are going to be let go into the wild Why would he do that? Won't it add to the 'over population' of foxes? I guess the best way to deal with that is to hunt them, right? Wait... that might be a conflict of interest... ;D
Surely the most efficient way to get rid of a excess foxes is to gather 100 people together, many on horses, a pack of dogs and then spend half a day getting a fox.
&gt;the whole time you are aware it's a sacred place for the local people. Well, that's just silly and backwards. I am sure that if you stripped off in this country and walked into a church or cathedral you would be absolutely fine and there would be no consequences. Or maybe if your guide tells you not to do something - strip naked on a sacred mountain perhaps - it might be smart not to do it.
Exactly. This is exactly the same as how international authorities no longer hunt for Nazis... It was long ago and people should get over it. Right?
I'd imagine the majority are gang related.
Woah, hey now... I don't think it's fair to call the guy names. He's a sheep farmer and welsh, but really I think you're just being mean.
The only way to solve this is to outlaw public using encryption, right?
What's a go pro?
Having not clicked the link I assume the chant is something like, "we both lost, we both lost, or didn't really win, neither side was great, but we all had fun and the important thing is everyone had a good time at a sporting event".
"Actually, what the hold up here is... uhhh.... there's some mines..." Wait... what?
You know, brutal doom exists if you want it pretty much identical to the original.
If it went up for auction it would fetch more than 100m I would guess.
Well, there we go: Plenty of options for the 'Doom 2015 is not Doom 2' crowd.
Don't worry, the hype will return next season, along with LSH.
You might have a heart attack and die on a plane.
Cleansing? Shoving stuff into the guttter isn't the same as cleaning it ;)
Yes, let's all discuss James Bond. Did you know there was a new movie coming out? How very convenient we should all be discussing James Bond right now in the lead up to it's release.
I guess it could be because I'm naturally into it, but it's cool to paint glowy lines in the air around you without any artistic 'point' - just because it's cool. I am entirely sure there will be plenty of cool shooting on the vive lol
Don't think so, sadly. Can't see why not one day.
Pffft.... just sell off the NHS: Problem solved! The long term future of the country is... well, they don't really care about that - short termism it is, now and forever. Well... now at least.
"We don't see anything fun yet, at least the sort of fun WE would make. Therefore we are not going to make it."
Is giving up when you can't win not the same as losing?
It's irrational in the sense that you are probably not going to be killed with a gun. The odds are that you won't get shot and die. BUT just because the odds of something are pretty low doesn't mean it's irrational to want to stop the bad things of this world from happening. You probably won't die in a mass shooting, but it might be a good idea to avoid them if possible. You probably won't get into a car crash today, but it's still probably a good idea to wear a seat belt.
&gt;WRONG. its what the VIVE is targeting. [“Constellation will allow for a bigger room area,” says Oculus CEO Brendan Iribe, “so you will be able to move around in it – and we have a number of different things that we are going to be talking about as we move forward on this.”](http://uploadvr.com/oculus-rift-room-scale/)
Ok, so it's 'room scale', but our 'room' is 2mx2m. It's a space CV1 works with absolutely fine and pretty much anyone can have access to. As for: &gt;Oculus are not targeting room scale. [“Constellation will allow for a bigger room area,” says Oculus CEO Brendan Iribe, “so you will be able to move around in it – and we have a number of different things that we are going to be talking about as we move forward on this.”](http://uploadvr.com/oculus-rift-room-scale/)
To clarify... the 'room' is the 2.2m cubed 'tile' you stand on, rather than the entire 'room' those tiles make up. But pretty much everyone will have a 2 by 2 meter space to play in :)
You seem to be getting very worked up on this matter. The Rift will be perfectly suitable for a standing/room experience for our game, based on everything they have said. Semantics aside I think you're getting a bit worked up over very little. Relax. It's Sunday.
We could... and indeed did! But it has technical issues that could cause compatibility issues or glitches of various kinds... not to mention there are potential performance issues. Basically we wanted to ensure it was done correctly rather than just botched into existence.
A nice idea. We're going to be experimenting with a bunch of approaches, so I wouldn't be surprised if we look at this one :)
Thankfully they roped it off to prevent damage, but stories like the original link show they can go further to protect it.
The point is not 'because he's a city worker', but what the consequences will be for one. The cynic might suggest that his treatment might be different from the average drug user caught by police.
They used to use a simple prefab, not unlike Dive. I suspect it will be similar, although am not familiar with the current process.
Within a couple of months seems a fair guess :) It won't be the same game, I can say that - there are technical hurdles that won't allow it on Gear, but we will do our best to make the best version we can :)
Hey, they could always go work as an Uber driver. Wait until automated cars come and wipe out their entire reason to exist.
It drives steel pins into your skull if you rotate you heard 45 degrees on the Y axis.
&gt;I'm a naturalist in the sense that I think you should except your body for what it is. It could be tall or short, fat or skinning male or female, these are the cards your dealt. I'm not sure the above is particularly correct. Let's get away from the things you CAN change - you can of course eat well and exercise and make your body 'better' one way or another. You are saying that for the things in our body we cannot change that we should accept them. Which is why you don't take medication: You get sick, and your body's ability to deal with it is how you are. It's you. Same with glasses. Can't see well? It's the way your body IS. Glasses can't hide the fact your eyes are not as good as you would like. Cancer? It kills you. Because that's just how your body is. Or maybe things are not so simple. Maybe there ARE things we can do to make our lives better. You might not have great eyesight, but you CAN have surgery to make your eyesight better in a lot of cases. There are risks and downsides, but you weigh those. Perhaps a person is not male or female but feels they are. Surgery is not the first best answer of course. But maybe, somewhere down the line, it can be the right one for some people. The priest here makes some good arguments, but he also makes some sweeping generalisations. Perhaps there are those that have had surgery and are absolutely happy with their body. Perhaps the hurt will always remain, but perhaps the benefits are real. I don't know - I am not in that position and I doubt I will ever be, but I wouldn't want to state with authority that gender reassignment is NEVER a good option. Nor would I want to be the person to say that anyone now living as a different sex is fooling themselves. The priest speaks a lot of sense, but fundamentally we have to ask: What harm is done? Perhaps surgery covers up the 'real' problem? Sure... that could happen, and I suspect a lot of counselling and other treatments could go a long way to uncover that, but if a person still suffers then what HARM is there in changing sex? Who does it hurt? If the question is one that a person who has undertaken sex reassignment still suffers from issues, then ok. But I don't think there is a single person in this world who is free of 'issues' one way or another. Some suffer more than others, but we all have issues. The suggestion here is that no one should ever live their life as a different person because they're just lying to themselves. We are who we are. But who has not 'changed' themselves one way or another in their lives? Changed their style, or career, or had an experience that changed their outlook on life. Is gender really so different? I can see how a catholic priest may see it from one point of view - and I can see his points as having a good logical basis. But if a person has worked through their issues without surgery and is in a good mental state to do so, then I fail to see what harm gender reassignment does to them.
Thanks :)
Yup, but ram clearance would be the main issue and a lot of noctua would be hitting the ram. Stock may be preferable
Clearly he just want Bulloch to have his voice added in. He probably wants Prowse to voice vader for the same reasons.
Always plough straight into whatever seems like a good idea at the time. Never run ideas by anyone. Keep them to yourself until you've done it. That way the look in their eyes will let you know how poorly you did in retrospect.
It's nice just to have an answer one way or the other.
my god... the prophesy is coming true!
That's a big gift shop.
You're gonna get a time out, mister. Now, go down to tatooine and think about what you've done.
&gt;Sounds ridiculous right? The onus isn't on me to come up with why the aliens came to Earth, it's on the people who scream from the rooftops that this movie should've never been made because the aliens "absolutely never would've come here" to convince us why. That's ridiculous and a straw man argument. The argument is not 'the film shouldn't have been made' and never was. It relates to the plot hole. The onus meanwhile is absolutely on you. You are the one putting forward the idea that they're not ACTUALLY naked, but that they simply look like it. You're also the one suggesting time and again that the aliens have never encountered water, an argument that is beyond silly. &gt;Nearly every single movie ever made requires some form of suspension of disbelief. And it's the task of the film not to break that. Signs did. &gt;I just can't stand how overblown the water "plot hole" is when talking about this movie. It's in direct comparison to the quality shown elsewhere in the film. It's actually a REALLY good film for the most part, up until that moment. The problem is that while the actions of the aliens is creepy and scary up to that point it is retroactively ruined by the plot hole. The aliens are no longer strange, they are stupid. The alien locked behind the door comes across as some bestial monster trying to get the protagonist - up until then end. Then we look back and it just seems like a stupid animal who's got locked in a room and is now crying to get out. The alien on the roof is no longer a sinister shadow stalking a family, but a dumb creature who can't figure out how to get inside the people-box. The plot hole spoils the atmosphere, because we no longer see their actions as sinister, but as clueless. The very strengths people enjoy about the movie are taken away by the plot hole. Let's not even mention that the wife's death is apparently all a set up for 'swing away' - the VITAL CLUE that informs the son that he should pick up the baseball bat and use it to attack the alien with. Phew! Glad she died to get that important information across - no one would have considered using a baseball bat to hit the alien otherwise.
Hmmm... something about this reminds me of US healthcare. There they spend way above the odds to see no better results, yet are told time and again that the private option is 'better'. Our rail system is a joke.
I'll be updating the other scenes then releasing them all in a single demo. I'll also look to make for Vive, and possibly OSVR if all works out there.
Steve didn't like games either.
Unlikely on the main store, but they will have an area for projects that are more experimental, like they do with 'concepts' on GearVR. Otherwise I can just stick it up somewhere and people can download it.
I don't :D But finally just wanted to get this one done. Congrats on the CV1!
Well, I don't 'say' it, but I sometimes type it if I'm lazy or on my phone.
Pfft. Wake me when it's 16k.
"It can't be that bad!" I thought. "Not if so many had seen it!" [ Oh......](http://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/the_ridiculous_6/)
I'm in England and have never heard of it.
It's about ghosts. Of course it's a hoax.
Really it's only starkiller that stands out as lazy, and if they'd cut it then the film would have remained pretty much the same.
Nah, he would feel like all the machinations and backstabbing to get his family into the position of most power would have been worth it to maneuver them into the best position to weather the coming storm. Meanwhile he would use the crisis to consolidate and gather more power.
yup that's the one.
It's indeed a very cool thing. The fear creatures all look at you as well - it's the sort of direct interaction that works so well in VR.
lol I get the feeling the movement of being in that thing might be vomit inducing for even the most iron stomachs.
Sleep deprivation helps.
There are story elements that will frame the whole thing, but it's definitely become more 'arcadey' as we've gone along - all the better to focus on the motion controls. If it goes well we'd consider a bigger, more ambitious and story led game built on the same mechanics. It's not just a 'shooter' as such - the gun is a power, but there are others, including a sword. We'll show more as it becomes ready.
It's not going to be ready for Rift/Vive launch, but we are hoping to have it launched in time for Touch.
Unity 5.
No plans just yet... it's enough to get any sort of game working :) If the game works well in single and makes sense as multiplayer we might look at it.
We're looking at using them in the best way we can - it requires some playtesting, which is why early access is great as it allows for many people to try out the different options. Current movement may alter before launch.
Controls will continue to be tweaked, and there should be Steam Controller improvements in the next update. Stats are planned for the next update as well :)
You can avoid the portals?
