There is a "Dynamic War" option in Long War that let's you set the game to be shorter than vanilla or even longer than normal Long War mod. I have not tried it though.
I love Enemy Within as the new abilities you could get made you feel like you could get some trully powerful characters in your squad. That said I'd recommend playing it on hard difficulties, as some of the abilities are really freaking good.
Link for those who are lazy. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uXND6fkW4zM
I couldn't get into fallout 3 for the exact same reason. New Vegas had factions and even characters from previous fallout games. 3 opted to ignore all the story that was built in the previous games.
I'm the same but with Revan. Disney I need Revan to exist. Please make him canon.
I miss the old buildings and armies, forts, watch towers.
And probably wouldn't include non blood relatives, Hillary is presumably not blood related to Bill.
I would support a raise of the minimum age to serve to 21.
And Wisconsin.
Sounds pretty reasonable.
I do and I up voted this post. Same thing I do with the other things I read. What more did you want? Looking at the nays there is disappointing and I'll be sure to vote against my senator for voting yay, though both of my senators are republican.
GTA I switch from controller and keyboard depending on if I'll be driving more or shooting more. Personally I don't know what this guy is so worried about, I'm super pumped to play some games with my PS4 friends. We need MORE cross platform games.
Do they not realize that we get fallout as well....
You jokester you. That's what dlc is for.
I expect it will be fun actually. But I do not expect it to be an exact digital translation of the table top game. If that's what you are looking for I think you will be disappointed.
The founding fathers were not infallible, we don't have to base everything we do on what they wanted.
It is completely arguable. What the hell makes them geniuses? They succefully forged this nation with immense foreign aide yes that's true, but it doesn't make them geniuses.
Using just unofficial patches i seemed to get good mileage.
Yes, though he is a senator not a governor.
This article is from December of last year I can only assume it was posted as an attempt to discredit Sanders goal for a single payer system. This is not news.
Yes, implement Australian or English style gun control. Watch as price of black market guns skyrocket.
Pretty much everyone here agrees with Paul on this issue.
What does this have to do with communism?
I actually like March for the hilarious image of 4 murlocks climbing all over stitches as he tries to run away.
So are we just getting D3 heroes? Any chance we'll ever get Blood Raven, Andariel, Tal Rasha, Mephisto, Baal, or The Cow King?
Who names these things. I used to do retention for a cable company and I'd get phone calls from old women wanting to cancel their cable because their bill was too high. I had to tell more than one woman that the bill was high because someone ordered movies. They'd ask what movie and I'd have to tell them "Big bootie Bitches 3" or other similar shows.
Are you always an asshole or is today special?
What do the numbers mean? Centuries?
I'm OP.
It doesn't matter what the reasoning is. They should focus FAR more on anti hacking measures not on dlc. Last time I was in a mp game I had 52 million given to me by a hacker. What's the point of the online shit if the ecosystem is flooded with money. Oh and Rockstar never took the money from me. I reported the guy and sat on the money for a week.
Great but I won't get my hopes up.
14th amendment section 2 specifically allows states to suspend the right to vote for criminals.
The list here is for kills only. Not the interactions some heroes have when near eachother.
My current viewcount is 1,023,544 views and I'm a fucking idiot.
This is what I was getting at, the book version. I expect if she dies in the books it'll be due to Melisandre doing something at the wall now that Stannis is away and Jon is... busy.
Oh damn I cant wait to get home so I can watch it.
Dont do this to my feelers.
I have a lot of problems with OBS and MSI working together.
Until mechanics are automated.
I think you are correct, though I think they aren't NATO counters.
Sengoku was essentially a test run of the new ck2 engine. It's not bad but very dated. You would do better to try to find a mod for ck2.
There is a difference between a gun hater and someone who thinks gun control is good. Im one of these people you think if as gun haters I'm sure. I'm not posting here because there is no reason to. This lady did literally nothing that I disagree with. It's the ridiculous open carry and full automatic people that I have issue with. And I would venture that most people don't want to chime in on this thread because it would clearly turn very hostile very quickly.
What makes you think valve had something to do with it?
How do you make these?
I was referring to the people who want the ban removed. The same kind of people who think every single piece of hardware the military has civilians are entitled to aswell. Yes these people exist I've talked to them here on reddit. Anything from heavy caliber automatic weapons to tanks to chemical weapons. These people are the ones I have issue with. For the most part I like our guy control where it is. When I say I'm pro gun control I don't mean I want more, I mean I like what we have. Also sorry for any spelling or grammar issues, I switched to a new keyboard for my phone and it's a bit weird.
Open carry itself has never affected me as the only place I've been where we openly carried firearms was at some friends house in Wisconsin. From a purely societal stance though I don't see how anything we do at all would be positively improved by openly carrying a firearm. This is a point I could change on as like I said maybe I just haven't been in tea situation like that myself but I don't see how any situation that may be resolved easier with open carry couldn't be resolved with concealed carry. The other problem I have with it though is (I assume) pretty rare but it bothers me everytime I hear stories about it. That is, people open carrying just to make a point. All those dumb videos of people open carrying and spouting out shit to officers who check on them. At that point all you are doing is purposefully antagonizing a police officer for some YouTube views. Probably one of the best videos I've Sen that contained open carry but weren't consumed with an antagonistic personality was one in which a fellow was chased by some people and he pulled his holstered firearm and they backed off. It was a great example of how the presence of a firearm can cool down a tense and life threatening situation. What I'm not convinced of is whether or not it would be beneficial or harmful in the majority of cases. Anyway I think you can probably tell I'm not really strongly on either side of open carry but for now I am favoring no open carry. Hope some of this made some sense and didn't have too many spelling issues.
Didn't they cut her out of the show?
Reddit gets more servers fairly frequently, let's not pretend that they just ignore issues.
Good for them getting things in order that quickly. I think I"ll stick to Reddit for now though.
As someone who only recently started watching the show it's crazy to see these references that I never would have gotten before.
If it was American police the guy would be dead.
Wow that sub is shit.
Not surprising, she's the front runner. If ever it seemed like Sanders has the lead they'll target him next.
This worked, I've inherited 90k from the holy order now. Thanks!
Fuck the NRA. I like guns for recreation but I won't touch that organization.
Anyone who has worked in enterprise technical support has had to come in on a Sunday night to fix an issue, or do environment changes over the weekend. It sucks but sometimes it's necessary. Now, granted it was not necessary for Funhaus to work on Sunday, especially with the busy week coming up. However for an event that only happens once a year I would think they'd do the show Sunday.
Try warband, it improves on the original quite a bit.
Rome 2 and Attila were not specifically 1on1. Watch some of the fights, soldiers will stab and poke at people using animations that activate on only one model.
It appears to be back up.
While I get were you are coming from its also important to remember that everyone in the military volunteered to be there. No one forced them to go through all that.
I was going to join the Navy.... I don't mention to people I know. I went to the recruiters passed their tests and was driven to a recruitment building were I did color blind tests and hearing tests. I was disqualified from a few positions on account of being colorblind and the other positions they offered me didn't interest me. When I turned them down they got really pushy with me and asked me if I wanted to keep working my low paying job forever. I never looked back after leaving that day and while I'm not filthy rich I make way more than the e-4? Or whatever it was they were going to start me at. I do wonder what would have happened if I'd not turned them down. But this is all in the past and as I said I don't usually tell people about it.
Fantastic.
I have, though usually in ask reddit threads or in response to articles about shootings or some other tragedy.
By now you could have watched the video and educated yourself instead of trying to antagonize someone. And by now I could have written a larger post explaining IRV. Congratulations we've both now wasted our time.
No, they're worthless either way.
Makes me want to play this again.
Well I bought it from GMG for 50% off, but this is tempting. I don't really need to play the game anytime soon and there is no evidence that WB/Rocksteady are going to fix it.
One day after I start my new job. I have 13 days without work and paradox releases the day after I start. Well shit.
Anyone who puts North Korea as a threat before Russia must be off their rockers.
Military courts are usually harsher than their civilian counterparts, you can try that defense if you want but I doubt it'll get you anywhere.
Germanies is even being done by the actual government. This apple one is being done by Apple. The gov. is not censoring the flag, it's a private corporation which is allowed to do whatever it wants with its store.
I support Sanders, but I still like to see the other information. Thanks for the link!
What exactly do you propose?
Considering Islam has 1.62 billion followers and there were 3 attacks I think we're still mostly okay with the idea that the majority of people who adhere to Islamic teachings aren't going to try to blow us up. That's not to say there aren't plenty of Muslims out there who want to see me and you dead, but I don't see how mockingly calling them "Peaceful" is going to matter to those people who are probably more concerned with planning their next attack than what someone on Reddit is saying about them.
Couldn't you just tack your comment onto the other ones already following this sentiment that were posted 3 hours before yours?
We'll find some other way to amuse you.
Mount and Blade: Warband Crusader Kings 2 Total War (whichever one happens to be the most current at the time)
Another disclaimer yay - I love your guys videos, this is just a list of my thoughts while watching this. 27 minutes in so far but I just wanna start writing some of my thoughts, both about the PC port and just about the game in general. I am going to add this to the top of my post, I have NOT played this game yet, this entire post is my opinion on your video and other community videos and general reaction to the port. I don't claim to be an expert and I certainly don't claim to be more knowledgeable than the rest of you, this is your job after all. The thoughts below are all opinion. I wanted to address something about TBs video. Adam says he's apparently Hitler for enjoying the game while TB is talking about frame drops. The kind of people who care about Frame Drops will watch TBs port reports, they're technical because they're for the people who want to know how many frames are dropping and what performance can be expected. I don't watch the port reports because I'd rather see reviews from Angry Joe or Yahtzee. Something you guys have not touched on was the missing graphics. 30 fps aside, They recently added Ambient Occlusion and missing rain textures to the PC version via a patch. You can say it's a small minority of the gamers who are experiencing this issue but launching with graphics missing that were in the PS4 version is pretty bad. Regarding the FPS talk, I disagree that it's subjective. I am sure I'll be seen as a TB fanboy or a PCMR diehard but 60fps is objectively better **for games**. Games aren't like movies or TV shows they aren't shot or filmed at a certain fps. Sure you can have animations or physics tied to FPS but every game is objectively better at higher FPS. Again the only exceptions being if you tied your game mechanics to FPS which is a completely different problem at that point. At 34:25 again, you'r probably right Lawrence maybe most people can't tell the difference between having some of these options on or off. However WB games and Nvidia clearly were in a marketing deal since we got a Nvidia video showing some of the cut affects (Ambient Occlusion) and even showing 60 fps. [HERE](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zsjmLNZtvxk) This video shows not only the missing rain textures (I'm sure I'll get mocked for caring about them but don't promise shit if you're not going to deliver on it.) and the missing Ambient Occlusion, and the video is in 60fps. Come on guys you have to agree that that's a bit misleading to PC gamers. Next thing you're talking about is preordering. I agree with you guys completely on this. People should be responsible with their own money. All the BS preorder items would either stop showing up completely or more likely they'd show up later on as DLC or in patches. Also Lawrence is correct on the idea of "people can't stand that there is something they didn't get", the Destiny crap is a good example of that. You guys keep bringing up that you're having a good time with Arkham Knight (or atleast Adam is) which is completely fine, but it's the same thing you guys talked about regarding the Nvidia forums. Someone shows up and says "I'm having issues with X" and they get "Well it works fine for me.", this is exactly what you're doing right now. 40:16 I'm also replaying Arkham Origins! It's pretty awesome I want to play through all of the games in order and figured by the time I'm done with City again Knight should be better optimized. I would say that if I had one complaint about Origins it'd be the Shock Gloves, they're crazy powerful and make the fights a bit too easy. But it's also easy to just ignore they exist. Closing note, I've seen the game run like shit, I've seen the game run fine (I'm ignoring the FPS issue when I consider it running fine), and I'm super happy that even with the game having the issues it has it will be fixed eventually. It's awesome that we can get patches so quickly to fix these things. Personally I have not yet played this game. I own it and it's sitting in my Steam library, however this week I've been packing and cleaning since I move to a new state on July 1st. It's been interesting to see all the different reactions. I've seen videos of it working fine and videos of it working terribly. I'm not sure yet if I'll play it once I move in or if I'll wait, or even request a refund. And that wraps up my entire um.. idk whatever this is... rant? observations? Anyway I love your guys videos and can't wait for more content... promise not to write a book for the next video.
I haven't played the game so I'm not sure what buttons he was pressing. He killed one enemy with just normal attacks and another enemy with blocks or counters.
Pretty sure they won't be alone. :/
Has this changed in a patch or something? I have a warlock but I can't seem to get champions yet.
All right little timmy, time to read A Song of Ice and Fire.
Yea, old games are broken. Sometimes in terrible ways.... my entire Roman Empire is blind now... literally everyone in my empire.
We've actually ran this several times now and so far it seems like no one has adapted to it well. We haven't went up against this yet but our thinking is that we'd try to leave the building on the sides as going head to head with Montagne through a breached wall is a shit show. Even if you kill Montagne with a nitro cell you still have 4 more guys outside shooting into the bomb room. The only real way to sto pthis strategy that we can think of would be to kill the carrier before he can plant it.
True, though to my knowledge most other maps don't allow you to get in as easily. Usually the objective is on a second floor or further into a building, not right on the other side of a wall.
I'm far more concerned about flankers than Nitro to be honest.
We've done this probably about 10 times total, between casual and ranked. Nitro is less of a concern than flanking. Generally you can get the first one or two guys dead and plant before anyone else streams into the room, and once it's planted it doesn't matter if the shields go down as long as the guys outside have a good angle on the defuser. That's where a good flank can completely mess this up, but as you'd seen we did have people watching the sides.
Not that I know of.
It's interesting that I don't see this done more often then, I have 67 hours in this game and we've never had this strategy used against us.
Definitely don't do this against the same team more than once. But it comes in handy if you need to pull out a cheap win.
I certainly must be in different games than anyone else, I've had more than one person tell me it's a common strategy which means that surely you guys are right. Yet I have 67 hrs in the game and have never had it used against me. It's odd. Perhaps I've gotten lucky and have only played against bad players.
Yes, however... I think it's important to note that there is almost no AI in the game yet. Essentially there are about 3-4 scenarios in the game right now involving chasing a fleeing car. Beyond that you have the ability to turn on some basic AI in free mode but to my knowledge there is no actual racing system in the game yet. If you want a good source of content involving Beam NG you would recommend WhyBeAre, this guy has a lot of videos on it: https://www.youtube.com/user/WhyBeAre/videos
Well she still has a mouth.
DAE think progressives/liberals don't/can't own guns?
Kansas probably wishes the president would fix their state.
I haven't decided how I feel about the world though, so I'm going to just dismiss everyone.
Wouldn't they just get shot?
So how many pictures does he have to find of towns specifically with a sign that says carrying fire arms is prohibited? 10? 100? If he gives you 100 pictures will you say the sample size is too small? What about 1000? Why do you get to decide how many pictures he provides you?
We had a declining violent crime rate before that, they aren't necessarily linked.
Agreed, I just wanted to post so that anyone reading can have additional info.
