I don't think I know the answer to that one. I've never seen any version with a sappy ending, only the one where he is captive, gone crazy and living in a fantasy world. I simply can't imagine changing the ending and whoever would do such a thing (along with the ones that approved it) should be drawn and quartered.
&gt;Why? Because things change. I'm not opposed to monogamy just not so into marriage. I'm a 49F (also childfree) currently in a 10yr monogamous LTR, I have also been in a 6yr LTR and a 3yr. I prefer to keep finances separate from my SO, I always have so if/when the breakup happens it makes for easy splitting. I've had several reasons in the past for no marriage, but it mostly comes down to 'things change' and there's no reason to make things more complicated then they need to be. just fyi, this sub isn't very active so don't expect too many responses here.
This is definitely toned down from blue, this looks like it should be a natural color for humans. :)
Required sign in I'm not doing on mobile. Can someone paste the article here?
OP, did this happen to you?
Sit in a straight backed chair instead of on the floor.
This is over the line for people? The whole required bank account did it for me a long time ago.
&gt;no reason Ya, except for statistics on sexual assault literally everywhere that say this is probably the case.
This sounds interesting.
hot.
oh my, if I were in the same room with her I would turn into a blithering fool.
Ibuprofen is for reducing inflammation, acetaminophen is for reducing pain.
Calm down there sparky, this isn't politics this is logistics for a meet-up and info for a FB page.
ya, I tried turning it it's just not working out for me. thanks though.
The EPA is a fucking joke.
&gt; tried a hitachi once As far as I'm concerned this is like the briggs and stratton of vibrators, this would be overkill by a thousand for me and would kill any chance I might have to get off. Maybe try something a bit more gentle by a few orders of magnitude.
http://i.imgur.com/0tCz6ZJ.gif
and that's why they make [THESE](http://www.amazon.com/Adjustable-Window-Screen-25-1-White/dp/B00395J2IE)
Insurance better cover that shit the same as viagra.
welp, I would rather hear what someone experienced has to say on this than winging it any day.
&gt;underdone they are still in the pan cooking.
&gt;To me when people say I dont act black or am white Hopefully these were children that were/are saying these things to you and as you head into the adult world you will leave much of this behind. I unfortunately don't have much advice other than to seek out educated and well rounded folks that appreciate you for you and not a skin color or stereotype that you don't seem to fill for them. Also maybe a visit to /r/blackfellas and /r/racism with this could give you some good input.
On the dance floor, at a party, at a music festival, at a former job.
this is an advertisement.
It used to be banned here not sure when things changed, I definitely don't like it especially when it isn't tagged appropriately .
We eat 3-4 whole eggs cooked different ways in about 2-3teaspoons of butter with a large side of sauteed greens (kales,arugula, spinach, bok choy) using a tablespoon (or more) of coconut oil. This is our standard and has been for a few years, virtually no carbs, plenty of healthy fats and we don't get hungry for at least 4hrs.
how about the whole track instead of 2min of it?
Yep, /r/asexual is waiting for you.
Eric could be a nod monty python as well, eric the half-bee.
Isn't 123 a bit underweight for someone 5'9''? I'm 5'5'' and that's a low end on charts for me.
&gt; Only to the caffeine in coffee. well you might want to consider that you could also have a reaction to the caffeine in tea as well.
Its too bad everyone thinks that sub is a huge joke.
Isnt voat a thing as well?
&gt; homeless in a Siberian winter. Yep, I never have and I never will. Me and the type of person that wants an HOA are destined to never get along.
I remember back 20yrs ago when we would go to Landmark because it was good.
&gt; subscribers of that sub decided that anytime a brand or corporation name is mentioned that should make a post about it Actually no, it's been that way from the beginning. It was always in the sidebar that any mention of a product can be considered advertising. Just seems people want to think it was different for some reason.
Has nothing to do with paranoia, just dealing with reality. The marketers and advertisers have known these things as facts for years it seems it will take a while before everyone else understands it.
Totally a bro.
from the wiki: *Recent studies of Allegro's work have given new supporting linguistic evidence and led to calls for his theories to be re-evaluated by the mainstream* http://www.egodeath.com/WassonEdenTree.htm http://www.amazon.com/Failed-God-Fractured-Fragile-World/dp/1583942742
True as your statement might be this probably isn't the right place for it. Psychedelics haven't quite acheived their due in the mental health or medical field, though things do look very promising for the future.
My short experience with snakes has been two rescues one of which was neglected, ill-fed, and never handled in 8yrs. This one, an albino King, came to me emaciated, scared and very bitey (bit me several times two not letting go for over 20min). Now after 4mon she has doubled in size, is calm, likes to be held and is very curious. My second I've just gotten a few days ago is a 2y/o Ball who was given up because of being nervous and bitey as well. This one seems a breeze compared to the King, gives plenty of warning when it's not the right time to handle, defensive postures, hissing, and tail rattle. Balls are very docile in general and most people say getting the right environment with proper heat and food will do much to calm down most any of them. There are plenty of 'used' snakes out there being passed on because of other circumstances besides temperament; people moving, family members don't like them, too much work, not what they expected. It's pretty easy to find a snake with a full set up for less than half what it would be in a store. There are health concerns you would want to be aware of so do some research. I think I've been lucky with mine that they haven't ended up with any issues especially since they were free.
&gt;spacedicks they're just gross and crazy with no direction not something most people want to partake in but not really harmful to a specific group so not really the same as the other subs.
I'm on here more than most people, been here for several years yet have not seen this until today. Go figure.
&gt; posted on twitter oh my.
which is crazy to me when people are at an e**D**m show.
Dangerous Liasons
This is the correct explaination, too bad people refuse to hear it.
&gt;Please direct all inquiries to contact@reddit.com What does this mean? Should we ask why we can no longer post in this sub?
Actually 40 is near the end but even then there are plenty of women who have children in their early 40s and beyond.
This is cool, thanks.
I don't think I could dig up an actual instance of this, like I said this was years ago. But even so these skeptic-tards as they became known still creep out into other subs, they are obvious. They haven't researched a topic but from one angle they don't know about current studies and continue to nay-say certain topics since their favorite blogsters have done this.
I see two fish and water with lots of currents.
can also be low C or A, thyroid issue, and don't forget lupus. But ya low D can do it as well.
She did profit by holding two jobs she clearly obtained by being perceived as black and more than likely would not have been hired for if she were white.
are you being sarcastic, OP? if so we don't really get it.
Used to love HT when we had them here in ATL. They've all closed long ago unfortunately.
&gt; can go two weeks without cleaning Some of us just don't think it's that important to do more often than that. My tub definitely doesn't need cleaning every two weeks, maybe every couple of months unless I'm going to take a bath sooner then I will clean it.
Kravitz is christian. the joke still kind of works because kravitz.
&gt; Can you imagine how fast that shit would be protested against and shut down here? I really doubt this would happen. You are probably thinking of that one campus where it did happen but that was an insular case and a college campus isn't the real world.
Why would it matter what gender is committing assault? Probably easier to prove a male rapist than a female especially if it involved anal penetration but rape is rape regardless of the gender of the perpetrator.
Proceed at your own risk past this comment, it gets stupid real quick down there.
How the fuck does someone have the patients (or time for that matter) to put each fucking utensil in the washer separately?? My BIL has a dishwasher like this and I've tried to load and just given up on the silverware. Fuck that fiddly shit. Mine get completely clean every time with the old fashioned silverware caddy.
I would need some help with the fridge.
looks like a miele is 1k-2k depending on the model, isn't that in line with bosch?
fans, lots of fans. if you can install a ceiling fan.
It should be easy to cover.
&gt;I've been eating rice, pb and j, and cereal with almond milk for a few weeks now Where's the protein and fat? there's a bit of both in the PB but I can't imagine you are eating enough to fulfill your fat and protein requirements. this is probably why you are 'always hungry'.
Have you been to TX? Chock full of fat.
and yet they still can't get their pants the proper length.
they have anything new?
shitty wedsite aside here's the info in oils and fats you need: http://paleomagazine.com/paleo-cooking-oil-fat-crazy-unhealthy edit: here are the oils broken down a bit more: http://www.marksdailyapple.com/healthy-oils/
Proper mental health practices. We have none at the moment, going to a therapist is still stigmatized, there is zero required mental health screening for children or teens. Availability/ accessability for mental health care providers are shit, there is no place to simply walk in and talk to someone.
I was fired from the worst, most soul sucking job on the planet and given the opportunity to get my mental and physical health in order and I have been doing just that.
Taupe checking in.
Are you suggesting laying the fridge on its back with the door facing upwards?
&gt; coworkers, or boss Yes, it was systemic in this place. Just a pervasive sickness from the top down, it cultivated a paranoia that lived and breathed. It was disgusting.
If it's not maroon it's just wrong.
I keep thinking this week could be the one where cops don't shoot an unarmed man but it just doesn't work out.
that *is* meditation.
how in the world would this happen unless the animal was complicit?
how do you get in and out of the bathroom? those door handles are never cleaned.
Call the cops on the loiterers, call the county/city about the foliage, about the walk. And keep calling until they do something.
&gt; confederate flag stands for racism Well good sir or madame, I have yet to see someone flying a rebel flag that wasn't racist, I'm sure it's just a strange coincidence though. source: resident of GA for the last 25yrs.
&gt; here's the really racist part I'll just go ahead and say it was already really racist before this.
&gt; "You're cute/hot for a black girl/guy" I don't know about micro anything here, this just sounds racist to me.
wow, I have no idea what's going on.
The parade seems a bit sparse this year.
I'll try to relax and pay attention then.
As a strawberry eater, those do not look ripe.
no need to rub it in.
Sink plunger for clogs Keep your roof and gutters clean
HA! GA is way ahead of you, they've already passed a law making it illegal to ever expand.
&gt; these are national companies There are local companies that are new or smaller and cater to specific states but your coverage would be nationwide, I know these exist for auto ins. but not sure about RV. Do some research on states with more permissive insurance laws, the more lenient the more likely you will find what you need. Since all you are looking for is liability your chances would be better at finding someone that will bend their own rules to get your business. Smaller companies that are looking for business will be more willing to bend rules to get a new client. I've just obtained liability for my car doing just this, my broker found a company that is charging half what my former one did. They are a small no-name company from out of state that doesn't have nearly the criteria that the big ones do.
Not sure why I didn't think of this before, how about check with some local Burner groups (burning man) since they have many, many alternative vehicles and there are numerous buses, trucks and RVs of differing abilities being driven there. SF is burner capitol and has many local groups, I bet they will have a line on insurance for alt vehicles. try a google : vehicle insurance for burning man quick search gave me; http://www.reddit.com/r/BurningMan/comments/2ztwrl/i_know_about_insurance_ama/ this name came up ; https://www.hagerty.com/
Not satisfying at all, why the hell would they cut it before the eyes were chewed up??
&gt; post climax self-loathing I don't know what kind of victorian, sex- negative world you came from but my post climax is nothing but rainbows and happiness.
Dry shampoo can extend this for several more days if you are so inclined. I make a mixture of cornstarch, baking soda, cocoa, and cinnamon (use the cocoa to make the mixture darker for my dark hair).
I usually downvote anything with a product that isn't specifically in a product oriented sub, I also very often report the post as an advertisement. I don't come here first and see them and then downvote. So it would seem that many people are downvoting what appears as advertisements, could this mean some people don't like ads disguised as content?
[Heeyyyy yourself](http://img.tinychan.org/img/1415773646128437.jpg)
I just don't have the energy to get worked up for this crap any more.
