Read it with my wife, and while it was helpful it's certainly no magic fix for relationship problems. I didn't care for the religious overtones, and the book simplified that people only speak one love language when in fact they can speak of all them depending on the situation.
Good to know at least my shoes and my belt will always get checked. The only thing that comforts my disdain for TSA is knowing that they're getting constantly radiated by the x-ray machines.
McLaren P1 still looks the most bonkers in person out of the three hypercars
I do this all the time with my LBS and they're cool with it. I support them by bringing my bike in for service and pay them accordingly.
Bust out the Bud Light Limes!!!
I'm surprised he's lasted this long. I know this is a development year for Aprilia but it doesn't make it any less embarrassing to be dead last every time.
I thought Ike Turner was the Hero of Music. lol
Mostly drugs according to The Armstrong Lie lol
The CTD won't be any more plusher. If you want plush, go with a Revelation or a Pike. The new Fox 36 is also very plush, and their new line of forks should be plush as well.
A Fox 32 is hardly an ultra light XC fork. He asked for opinions on plush from people who ridden both non CTD and CTD 32s and that's what I did. Now, how exactly are you helping?
The context of the post never said "I want a xc fork with only 100mm travel". They asked about plushness of CTD, which the only Fox fork atm that's plush is the 36. And I've had a 150mm 32, so much for being an xc only fork...
Clever quote, must have a hard time googling it. The Revelation is a 32mm stanchion fork just like the Fox 32 the OP was asking about..and it even comes in Dual Air to adjust it down to XC spandex loving levels. But go ahead and continue to be pissed that I mentioned a 36. What about a Boxxer, that should be plush right? LOL
Yo momma so fat that when she went swimming in the ocean, she came out with harpoons on her back
Samson is open, as is Big Cedar.
I rode Samson yesterday and it's in decent shape, just needs some trimming and there are two minor wet spots but most of the park is in rideable shape.
Rio Mambo in Arlington on Fridays, and Rio Mambo in Colleyville on Saturdays
I went two weekends ago pretty much just for the Simpsons area. $95 plus parking is expensive as hell, but I was in LA for work and wasn't about to fly back in the future just to go to Universal. I did really think they were going to have Bort licence plates but they didn't, although I did enjoy the Duff Brewery section. My favorite part was that they play classic clips from the show in all the waiting areas.
Buying stock in Crestfield Wax paper now...
Suntour forks. I know their air forks are supposed to be "ok" (although I haven't seen any details as to what kind of damping they use and how good it works), but their bottom rung stuff that they put on all beginner's bikes is all crap.
That was a great article. I went to see the USWNT almost ten years ago now in the FC Dallas stadium and I was shocked to witness how quiet it was despite it being packed. While it was cool to actually hear the players yell to each other, I couldn't help to think how awesome it would be if they had the 'real' soccer atmosphere. IMO it was a truly stupid decision to not have a WMLS, specially after '99.
Not looking good for Northshore, or any of the trails around Grapevine. Last I heard, the lake is 20+ feet over and the water will slowly be released so as to not flood places downstream.
TLD A1 helmet. Great fit, good ventilation, and great looks.
"Gotta walk that off. Caught me slippin'"
Sooo they pretty much they play and behave like any regular men's national team LOL
Obama should have been on Girl on Guy first instead of WTF
This movie was tailor-made for How Did This Get Made podcast, but I wouldn't want them to give FIFA any publicity or revenue.
No doubt this is the best way to go to not sink in a lot money on an entry level bike, but I'd rather find a good used fork with better damping and adjustment.
MotoGP clearly doesn't need Stoner. I don't know why people can't seem to let go and accept that a) he's gone and so are his golden days and b) motoGP has moved on and no one except die-hard fans have missed him
I honestly think the only guy so far that can retire and have a significant impact on MotoGP is Rossi.
Not any better than blind fanboyism. I'd much rather see new talent who are the future of the sport.
Best show ever.
LOL that's for sure.
I wish it would have gone 11 vs 11 the entire 90 mins. Sloppy indeed from the US, they don't have any other gameplan except "kick it to Wambach/Morgan". I'm ready to the US to get eliminated, way too much hype for low quality results.
Ducts, air handler and everything else besides the fan and compressor are in the attic.
I'm in Fort Worth so yeah if you don't mind passing me the info of the roofing company I'd appreciate it.
Thanks for the good input. I understand that hvac in the hot attic is not good but all homes here are built that way.
it's an all brick home. What kind of contractor do I contact for proper attic venting? I already had two radiant barrier guys come in recommending powered fans in the attic, but that's not the way I want to go and made me think that perhaps I should be talking to someone else.
Giggity giggity, allright!
Another vote for her character dying in Season 6. The sooner the better.
Not yet, the the trail steward from FWMBA posted that latest rain we had flooded the sections by the river and the ground is still seeping in the upper sections. Once the seeping stops it should dry quickly with all this heat.
Since the last world cup, Chile sure are trying their best to be the douchiest team from south america.
The downturn was the perfect excuse for companies to get rid of jobs, pay less, and have employees do more work. They're perfectly happy to keep things this way since "times are still tough" and "we need to stay on the path of recovery" or whatever BS they can spin.
And that would do what exactly? I'm not talking about working minimum wage jobs, I'm talking about some of the biggest corporations in this country.
Suntour's bottom-end forks really are junk. It's really crappy that pretty much all beginner bikes come with these type of forks--I'd rather not get a fork and find my own or get a rigid fork.
You win the award for most misguided post ever. I'm not even from mexico but I have a hard time giving any kind of validity to any of your "points" since they're based on completely erroneous assumptions.
You've nailed it. I cannot wait for them to get knocked out and have the likes of Wambach and hopefully Morgan go off into the sunset.
There are far, far worse things in this country to worry about besides "they took our jubs!" hysteria. By the way, correlation does not equal causation for whatever it is that you have "objectively observed".
This may break the internet.
Agreed that the tactics and the playing philosophy need a serious and complete overhaul. The USWNT's tactics were long in the tooth even back in '99. Japan has shown that you can win by playing good, smart soccer and not by only out running/out muscling your opponent.
Dad, why did you bring me to a gay steel mill?
I'm sure there is a kilo of cocaine, a jet ski, and a bmx bike just out of the frame of the camera.
In my experience this isn't really accurate because she wouldn't have even been invited in the first place to an event where it's mostly couples/married people.
No they won't, just watch Japan play.
So what cargo got blown up during this or was it not carrying anything important?
What a piece of crap car. Not because it's got that paint job or because it's lowered, but because it's just plain terrible car. Never have I felt like I was driving a pure appliance like I did when I got stuck with a Prius for two weeks on a work trip.
I wish The Stig would have been with them (or even taken off his helmet) at the end. Both episodes were hilarious and I guess i'm still in a state of shock/denial that it was truly the last episode. I felt incredibly uncomfortable when both said 'thank you for watching and goodnight'
Come on, sticky penis wheels!!
The brakes are indeed good, but that's the only positive thing I've got to say. When these cars came out, I definitely understand why you'd get one but now that other brands have caught up I honestly don't see why you'd buy one. I've driven a hybrid Hyundai before and that car was great--it felt like a normal car and it was optioned and styled inside and out like a normal car. Part of my intense dislike for the Prius is my contempt for Toyota. They give you the bare bones and expect you to pay a premium based on the reputation of cars they made 20+ years ago.
The new series should be called: POWER!!
I don't have a problem with MM being agressive, but he needs to stop his whining when things don't go his way.
Yes, but I feel that Toyota are the worst offenders in making it a point to put the least effort into a car, demanding a premium for it, and refuting that it's not a good car just because it has their logo in the front. The "new" Tacoma is almost a perfect example--claiming it's the instantaneous best truck ever when really is that it's a warmed-over rehash of the current model with problems that they still don't know how to fix.
How does Smith even know what happens at the top of the grid? LOL
It was never designed for that.
Come on, sticky penis wheels!
Not looking forward to this movie
This guy needs to retire running his mouth about MotoGP. He sounds like one of those douchebags who like to badmouth their ex when in fact they got dumped for being a douchebag.
All parts of this story sound incredibly messed up. I sincerely hope this guy, his ex-wife, and their kids get some good therapy since I'm sure none is this has had any kind of good effect on any of them--whether direct or indirect.
I've got a '12 SB-66 that I picked up used last year. I've ridden it hard and no issues. It's a tank but it has the geometry that all the new bikes are still trying to catch up with. Some wide rims and high volume tires and it will almost feel like a 27.5. Put some decent suspension on it and it will shred with the best of them.
I built mine from the frame up. It's got a Pike and RS Debonair with 2x10 Sram x9 drivetrain and a Reverb dropper. The wheels are WTB i23 with Trail Kings. I haven't weighed it but I'd say around mid 30lbs. i'm not a weight weenie so it doesn't affect me, but just the frame itself weights around 17lbs if remember correctly.
She's a good scream queen. She probably got the worst death out of all the expandable characters. I sort of wish she'd stuck around.
I got grossed out and scared as hell all in one. The 'birthing' scene with Pablo was one of the most disgusting things I've seen in a show, and the creepy 'children' were scary as hell. I like how Ash put duct tape on the cut on the side of his face LOL
Dodged a bullet on that one, go out an celebrate!
This is exciting. there must be something there if even yamaha were playing with it. Bring on the crazy wings!
New road on East 1st Street along with a new pedestrian bridge that will connect the paved trail across the river, among some other stuff.
I won't put it past Stoner to be pissed off enough at Honda to come back and spoil their game plan, and possibly winning some races with a better Duc won't hurt either.
Welcome to the dark side of apartment living, where the leasing agent will tell you everything to get you to sign the lease but will seldom stand by any of it followed up by random surprises thrown in. Move out to a "better" complex (they're all not good in different ways) or rent/buy a house.
Beware of used full suspension bikes that are a couple of years old. Technology moves quickly, and who knows how they've been maintained. It's a lot smarter to go with a new(er) hardtail than an older full suspension.
Oh hell no. She's terrible.
Yes I did.
I had high hopes for it based on Daredevil, but the pacing, character development, plot, and bad acting really killed it for me.
But Rossi did get penalized, and Marquez has yet to be reigned in so this article doesn't really make sense. If Rossi is that big a driver, he'd have his 10th championship or maybe even more. Dorna is dominated by the Spanish, so it's highly dubious that they're catering only to Rossi.
This. There is a lot of crap that passes as Salsa these days. I wasn't in love with salsa when I started dancing but the more I explored into the music itself the more I wanted to dance and the more I wanted to explore the music, etc. Ultimately, it's ok if salsa music isn't your thing but do some exploring in the genre before you write it off--you might be surprised.
Oh for sure, hence why the last race had no controversy. I'm being sarcastic btw. Dorna showed that they know which side the bread is buttered by how they handled what happened.
I put one on earlier last month (Wolftooth) when I switched to 1x11 and no dropped chains so far. I've been riding for about 3 years now, and maybe i'm still not experienced enough to tell a difference between a regular chainring and the oval. I knew I needed a 30T for climbing but picked a 32T oval. So far I've been able to climb like I used to with my 2x10 setup. I'd say go for it, it definitely can't hurt.
Buy tires on Tirerack and have them shipped to a NTB. Cheaper or at least the same price as Discount.
I ordered an adjustable riser block along with a mat at the same time I ordered the trainer, so hopefully I'll be good to go. I've been thinking of getting a computer, but seems like none do rpm without a powermeter or using a 'smart' trainer.
Sad all around. This guy should be getting the mental help he needs instead of being left to his own devices.
I wonder if it was pancreatic cancer
Railhead bbq. Fred's burgers. Chef Point is a kick-ass as well.
Congrats, now take some time to tidy up all those loose cables all over the place.
Good to see that someone in that position can still smile. It was truly heart-breaking to see how this kid was ground up and spit out by the system.
Just look how hard it is got get police officers prosecuted who have killed people while they were being detained.
so what was the MOTIVE for the murder of TH? I don't remember this ever been mentioned in the trial by either the prosecution or defense.
I was about to post essentially the same thing. I have family and friends in Austin and I hope FW doesn't become like present-day Austin. More than 5 years ago I'd love to live in Austin but not anymore. Traffic, stupid rent/property prices, way too many people, traffic.
Agreed that because of the infrastructure and the way it's laid out a growth of 1mil people is more drastic in a place like Austin. Austin is slowly bloating by absorbing places around like Round Rock, Bee Caves, Buda, etc as people trot further out to find more affordable/less crowded places to live.
One year of living under people who stomped around at all hours of the night cured me of living in multi-level apartment complexes. I lived in townhome-style apartments from that point on and thankfully I own a home now. The relief of knowing that no one will ever live above me again is priceless.
Try a 32T oval. I went with this setup and it does feel a little easier to climb on compared to a normal 32T.
We used Bridge Residential to rent from and they were good although their maintenance person was a pain to deal with.
Maybe Kate del Castillo was the consultant for the narco storyline, seeing as she so buddy-buddy with El Chapo.
I hope the Rams remaining home games look like what the Oilers games looked like after they said they were moving to Tennessee.
