When can we read some afterreports? :)
Early versions of ToME4 looked a lot like Angband. But the UI and gameplay have both changed considerably since.
No way, even Byron wasn't as bad as that demon :( All out religious demonic force with terrible CGI flames? I'll take the singing Byron over that any day...
Lyta's development through Byron is interesting though. The telepaths weren't that interesting as a group, but seeing how the others interacted with them revealed a few new things. In particular Sheriden having to deal with troublesome rebels, and Lyta learning the truth of how warped and used she's been. If the Byron arc had been condensed and more thrown in about Lyta's resulting terrorism involvement I think it could have been far more gripping.
You need to calm down and step out of this thread. It's fine to dislike a game, but don't start attacking individuals.
If you go to Z'Ha'Dum, you will die... Sure lived up to its promise :)
Few dozen is fine for this sort of gathering. Do it! Get IRDC USA 2016 scheduled now!
A pretty good introductory article for anyone unfamiliar with roguelikes in general :)
Yay, a write-up! I'm glad the meet-up was a success, and it sounds like there's good appetite for more in future. In the past we've struggled to get anyone motivated to run this before, so big kudos to /u/heroicfisticuffs for kicking this all off! I was sorry to miss it, but it sounds like my name was invoked a good deal :-/ Poor local Nethack players must have been so confused... Hopefully next year's IRDC will get roughly scheduled soon. I can then try to convince my fiancée that we should have our honeymoon around the same time and place ;)
Well there was a push to maximise numbers on this to make best use of the space. If you're restricted on numbers then concentrate on getting key people instead.
Thanks! We've done both hunger clock and hero trap. What other tropes are you thinking about?
No corruption involved there - just 45 minutes of me talking to myself.
There were issues with the outtro recording, and a few people's submissions were too low quality to include, but overall it went fine :)
Welcome to the fun! The roguelike community is pretty awesome :D Just don't ask us about the definition of 'roguelike'... ;)
We had a procedural generation episode, but not one specifically on levels. To be honest it's not an easy thing to discuss in audio - you kinda want diagrams and code snippets to demonstrate points in depth. Jim's IRDC talk on level design in Dungeonmans is brilliant: http://www.twitch.tv/irdc_usa/c/6781057
It's most of what we received - a few we couldn't use due to audio issues. But in the scale of all YASDs ever, this is nowhere near representative of the total human suffering roguelikes have caused ;)
I'm not sure if I have much positive to say about either topic, but I'll see if I can get on people with different views ;)
Give Hoplite a go. It's a mobile game, quick to play, very tactical, has the core roguelike formula. I know very few people who haven't found it addictive :) From there try to branch into the bits you like the most or what you feeling is missing for a fuller experience.
Sad fact is the same is true about fantasy. Fantasy is utterly limitless, but it always ends up Tolkien spin-offs.
PRIME is like a sci-fi version of Nethack. Might want to check it out for inspiration. Does a lot of fun things - has corrupted floppy disks and so on. What I'd love to see is a cyberpunk roguelike :)
Heh, I couldn't guarantee, but I would try my best to attend.
And Babylon 5 ranks...?
Sorry, but this isn't the place for promotional posts, especially when it's not a traditional roguelike.
Not sure, but you may want to try /r/roguelites.
Woohoo! Keep us updated. One of the joys of this sub is hearing the "wow" posts from new viewers :)
Butt of the joke? This is a silly way to think of an xkcd strip. I took it to be an absurdist piece (think if it had been coffee instead) with maybe some reflection on people that do drink beer just to fit in (definitely happens).
I swear I've been on dozens of wine tasting and have been forced to drink the stuff at countless occasions. Screw this acquired taste malarky, and screw everyone trying to tell me that I just need to drink more. I just don't like wine! :P
Randall lives in the Boston area - I find it hard to believe he's not exposed to good beers. Option c) is that he just genuinely doesn't like beer, option d) is that he was making an absurd joke.
As someone much beyond college, when I mention that I don't drink I suddenly get long speeches about "oh, well *I* only drink on these days..." or some other guilt-ridden speech. I'm almost tempted to drink just to make them shut up :P
It has essentially been running on the Patreon model for years before Patreon existed.
Hoplite and Ending are both fantastic for a stripped-down roguelike experience. WazHack for something much heavier (ie. more "stuff" in it) but with a twist on the usual roguelike presentation. Cardinal Quest 2 for another detailed game with good variety.
Well, depends a little on what you're after! If it's mastery of a system, Brogue is calling for you. If you want many race/class options and a bit of a role playing experience ADOM is perfect. If you want something smaller and tighter but just as addictive then say hello to Hoplite. If you want something giant and messy then CataclysmDDA or DF:AM both could swallow you up. If you want something big but with streamlines and innovations in gameplay then check out ToME4.
I feel like this is beyond even the 7-year mark, into an 10+ year zone of "embarrassing to man and beast in both our languages".
There are two modes to it - the first is preset puzzles, the second is open procedural roguelike-ish levels. Give the latter a go, it's awesome!
There's a python + libtcod tutorial that's absolutely perfect for you. It includes lots of standard roguelike code and the tutorial hand holds you through the early process. Once you have a basic game together it's easy to then play with the different elements to turn it into whatever you like. You can find it here: http://www.roguebasin.com/index.php?title=Complete_Roguelike_Tutorial,_using_python%2Blibtcod
At the moment those sorts of posts are deleted. I only let LPers post a single ep from a series and only for traditional roguelikes (so not DF, though Adventure Mode gets a pass). Part of having a dedicated thread would mean letting people post new eps of ongoing series in that thread. At the moment there's no way to advertise new eps in the series without spamming the subreddit.
Yeah, that's pretty much what we do here now.
It would likely work a little better than there because we'd have regulars coming to post their LPs every week. Less need to constantly teach the rules to newcomers.
Other countries like Turkey have physically blocked the likes of Facebook for a lot less. Not that this is relevant - reddit haven't given any law-related reason for their actions, just their own community standards. The whole point of the xkcd linked at the top is that the rush to the law in these debates is absurd. If you're kicked out of a social place for doing something against the rules of that community and your only recourse is "yeah, but it's not illegal!" then that probably makes you more of a prick.
The banning reasons was for harassment, not free speech. Not that I care about the free speech element. There's no such thing as true free speech, and expecting that from a commercial organisation is in itself worthy of ridicule. Getting into a storm over not being able to tell fat jokes is downright hilarious.
But the downvote is used to mark content that is lacking in reasoning or smells of conspiracy nut.
You're saying a harassment policy is a bad thing? They've evolved their policies to deal with becoming a much bigger thing that when reddit started. As this happens you inevitably need new policies to keep in tow the most extreme elements. And you inevitably piss off a few people in the process...
It's interesting that you attack Pao for having ideologies when your real problem is that she doesn't follow your own extreme ideology. I don't really think ideology has much to do with this from the admins. They have rules, people broke those rules. If it was really ideology driven we'd see far far more than just 5 subreddits banned.
I love how "slippery slope" is used to attack everything. Banning FPH is a slippery slope to restricted speech and supporting racism! Allowing FPH is a slippery slope to all-out wars between subs! Ultimately saying something's a "slippery slope" is outright reducto ad absurdum - anything can be a slippery slope to anything else if you want it to support your internet argument.
Yeah, it is that extreme a view, because as you know illegality gets crazy hard to define in this situation. You can go full permissive or full totalitarian with it - many reddit subs are absolutely illegal in various countries. Reddit is a corp with a media interest to protect, so expecting them to only act in the most extreme illegal cases is not reasonable. But even beyond that, there are many dickish things in the world that aren't illegal - we shouldn't defend them just because they aren't outright illegal. The law doesn't exist to provide a moral code for social interactions - *we* decide that by what we say and do.
I see it as extreme because it's impractical for a social group. As a comparison, /u/soccer never did anything illegal or against reddit rules, but we all bloody well wanted rid of him. The essence of Western freedom of speech legislation means that the law only gets involved at the most extreme of cases. The law is almost worthless for any sort of social moderation, and using that for the only rule leads to... well, 4chan. To me this idealism of minimal administration is an impractical dream, especially on a site as big and as noted in the media as Reddit.
I don't think its been working entirely hunky-dory, and in particular I think online hate groups have become much more active and organised in the last year - Gamergate especially. Reddit don't want this place as home to organised harassment campaigns and I think that's quite sensible. Yishan Wong's statement seems to tie in reasonably well with what Reddit said yesterday - they're banning for actions, not opinions. Harassment of individuals is not a form of free speech. I don't entirely know what harassment went down (I've heard of many allusions to pics and doxxing of imgur employees, and pics of a trans teenager misused) but it seems clear they're not attacking ideologies, which is why so many horrendous subs still stand. I agree that it still seems inconsistent, and that Reddit admins have been poor at communicating their actions. Transparency is something they said they wanted to promote but aren't doing too well on so far.
Well, the harassing bit of Gamergate, as opposed to the general complaining bit or the serious about ethics bit, or whichever other bit :) And part of the problem here is that fatpeoplehate was being used innocently by many to make jokes about fat people. But some, including the mods, were misusing the sub terribly. The stories about attacking suicidal people sounded especially bad. In fact it's pretty awful that nothing has happened till now. Illegality is very messy in these situations!
At the moment it is moderated to be that way. The proposed change is to be more inclusive (including new episodes in a series) but restricted to a single thread.
Free only for the Roguelike of the Week feature. That way anyone can join in at no cost. And there are enough free roguelikes out there that don't get enough attention.
What you should have done is hit the report button and I would have noticed and removed it sooner :-)
If you pray whilst on good health with poison or sickness then the god will heal the ailment. So effectively pray twice in a row to save yourself from strong poison. Also if you keeping applying first aid after each poison spasm it helps you survive.
Every year a bunch of Seven Day Roguelikes are made (games made in 7 days) and the top bunch are always awesome short roguelikes. [PrincessRL](http://flend.net/princessrl/) and [Vicious Orcs](http://www.zincland.com/7drl/orcs/) are particular standouts, but check out the review listings for [2010](http://roguetemple.com/7drl/2010/), [2011](http://roguetemple.com/7drl/2011/), [2012](http://roguetemple.com/7drl/2012/), [2013](http://roguetemple.com/7drl/2013/), [2014](http://roguetemple.com/7drl/2014/) and [2015](http://roguetemple.com/7drl/2015/).
No information lately. ADOM has been quiet for a while - I'm guessing real life issues are getting in the way of the fiddly bug-fixing/polish that's needed. The CoQ devs have been busy releasing Sproggiwood on mobile (where it has been very well received, perhaps delaying Qud work.
Would you prefer another generic fantasy dungeon crawler? :P
Or a bit you could swear is "rough-ass art" and it's not till you're humming it one day that a friend informs you it's actually "love your heart". What I don't get with the song lyrics thing is that some people seem to magically know all the words and sing along easily, when the best I can do is "dum de doo-dooo dah-duh, rough-ass art duh-doo!"
I wonder if the "Seal Team Six" thing is actually a double-bluff. Everyone thinks There's just that unit, whilst the other 5 operate in secret. When people hear things about teams 1-5 they assume it's a deliberate navy hoax...
Ah! I thought it was Ivanova at first.
Don't blame everything on "feminazis". For a start it makes you sound like a dismissive chauvinist. I wrote all the breeding pits lore and came up with the design for the zone, and I was pretty upset when it was removed. But I understand some people had issues with it, particularly as it was implemented. At the time DarkGod and I tried doing some tweaks to make it work better in terms of both gameplay and setting, but there had been so much controversy already (especially with people who had never played it jumping in and complaining) that it didn't work out and DG cut it out instead. I hope it will make it bad in some modified form one day.
I have a tonne of other content in the game, so I don't mind too much. As a contributor one can't be too previous. Sometimes cuts are better for the game, and I certainly didn't want the breeding pits projecting a bad image of the game or putting off players.
Don't forget get Barrett date in HD!!
One of the issues with the dungeon is that it was intended as a very late game thing, after one has learned the full lore of the orcs. But gameplay wise the incentive was for people to do it first thing in the East, because of the effect on patrols and all the easy loot and xp. So new players were being told to go do that first, and without the context of the orc's history were presented with something horrific that seemed out of place with the rest of the game. I also think some of the language used is more accepted within some subcultures than in other communities internationally. Mentions of "distended vulvas" in particular seemed to gross people out! I think next time I'll introduce something with bulbous penises... ;) It's easy to be critical of people who are offended by something when not offended yourself. But their criticisms are still criticisms, and if people don't like the content then it may simply not fit. Getting defensive about it doesn't help anyone. If DarkGod wanted to reintroduce the zone I'd suggest only having it appear for people who have already won the game, or who have already collected all the orc history lore. With context (and a few gameplay tweaks to reduce the zone rewards) I think people would be more accepting of it. For the upcoming orcs expansion as far as I'm aware the breeding pits will still be canon, as well as the sacking of them by the evil adventurer from the West. The impending doom of genocide will be a significant factor in the plot for the orcs.
That might have affected things a bit. You didn't get introduced to the characters in the right way, you didn't see them grow as much over time. The characters are the heart of Babylon 5, and especially important is seeing the season 1 buffoonish Londo and rage-fuelled G'Kar change into the people they become later.
Oh, I'm very sorry - I mixed you up with the OP who said he hated the show!
Not enough Summer Glau. Though personally I thought Furiosa was cooler.
Haha, there's no worry about that here - you never actually encounter other players. Instead you see the changes players make to the world as they play themselves, and when they die you can come across their corpses. It leads to some really interesting scenarios. You come across some looted buildings, their windows smashed and cupboards raided, traces of fights nearby. You follow the trail and come across a bunker someone has built, but now it's overrun by zombies. You fight through the zombies and find a corpse, containing some nice weapons but no ammo. There's a story to be traced there of a previous player's conquest. It really fits the ghostly atmosphere of Cataclysm, because you only ever see traces of activity, never actual other players.
Shh, no one's meant to know about the tentacles! :-/
Banned.
There is a gradation here with some games falling on different parts of the random-procedural spectrum, but ultimately every instance of proc gen is "controlled randomisation". Binding of Isaac is pretty poor at this, being more random than procedural in my books, but Spelunky is actually incredibly clever and inventive in how it sews its levels together. From a design point of view it has a tonne of interesting lessons. Lots of traditional roguelikes, including Rogue and Nethack, have little in the way of interesting procedural generation. Rooms and corridors are laid about randomly, as are items and monsters. There is no part of the game concentrating on making interesting levels, it just mashes things together with a few constraints and hopes for the best. Which actually works great! It makes things unpredictable, it leads to bizarre and memorable situations. But if you want real procedural content creation check out something like [TraumaRL](http://flend.net/traumarl/index.html), with its graph-based level planning.
Well you have all the major boxes ticked there. Hell, there's decades of gameplay in those titles, why do you want anything more? :P My only recommendation might be [The Curious Expedition](http://www.curious-expedition.com/), with is an exploration-based roguelite with survival elements. Managing resources whilst exploring for treasure / trying not to go insane is very fun. Doesn't have traditional roguelike combat and interactions though.
Reminds me of a nightmare I had once were I was turned into a newborn baby, but couldn't control my vocal cords or limbs properly in the weak baby body, and my thoughts and memories all started fading away from my undeveloped brain, whilst all I could do was cry and cry and cry... When I woke up from that dream I didn't want to open my eyes in fear that it was true :-/
A little request - put some more details of what the site is and does on the main page, so that anyone stumbling on it knows what's there. It just needs a line or two to give some context.
Having spoken to the developers in person about this precise subject, they're actually attempting exactly the opposite. They've deliberately included lesser known historical women and people of colour to try and repaint that era from the usual told history of white men doing everything.
You don't see all the crap I have to delete in the background! A lot of amateur let's players want to post their Spelunky or Isaac vids here, without engaging with the community or being a part of the subreddit. Rule 2 helps me keep discussion more relevant here. I've started up YouTube Tuesdays to give a legitimate outlet to this content without having the front page spammed to hell.
It's more a matter of quantity. Roguelike-likes tend to be commercial and much more successful / well-known than traditional roguelikes. This means more people are doing LPs of them, and there are more financial incentives going round. Anyone doing a traditional roguelike LP on the other hand is clearly doing it out of passion. So we had the problem here of people posting numerous LP links, and usually they were people with zero post history here and zero connection to the community. It was spam essentially. I don't have the time to check every post to identify spam so I made rule 2 as an easy way to filter things while still being transparent. Of course it does mean some good content gets blocked, which is why I started the weekly LP round-up thread. Anyone motivated to post there must be part of the community :) Whether it works out or not remains to be seen!
I'm afraid I have to remove this post for violating rediquette and rule 2 in the sidebar. For this to be your only post in this subreddit is quite against the community-based spirit of Reddit. I've added /r/baronygame to the sidebar list of other subreddits. I'll also have a think of how to allow more promotion of releases here, maybe with a monthly release round-up.
I think the sections where people could vote for multiple options would be better represented with bar charts. Otherwise, good job!
That's a tricky question because you then have to consider what does or doesn't fit the bill. It's not something that can be easily enforced.
Ah, good point! I'll think about how best to phrase this.
7DRLs I'm not counting for that question, as many are easy to beat and many meander from the traditional path. Some people don't count 7DRLs as traditional at all due to lower scope. But yeah, that question should maybe be "a big traditional roguelike". The point is to see how people fit on the spectrum of play experience, though the simple "number of years" can indicate that too.
Should this be added to the Rules as a rule 0? I know "be civil" should go without saying, but having it in the rules can help with enforcing moderation. It also helps remind people that they can report such posts (often toxic comments in minor threads go unseen by mods). A few months ago I added "Be nice" as rule 1 on /r/roguelikes and it's helped a lot with moderation and justifying actions.
Zero G hot tubs are the best :)
The curmudgeonly people aren't the type to go to these events :) Plus I think many people are nicer in person than they are online...
I can imagine zero g water torture being even worse!
Up to your opinion when filling in the poll!
Ah, yes, haha - a hard thing to communicate :) Complexity and emergent complexity are both in my feature list, possibly badly worded there as well. The question on "which features do you enjoy" I'm hoping will show a bit of the player preference you're talking about.
I think 1-5 is about right for people to make snap decisions. The stats all get aggregated anyway, so I don't think 1-10 helps and makes it a little trickier to answer. I'll have a think about how to approach the "current play" thing :)
Excellent points, thanks!
Your opinion still counts :P And there is an almost won option - level 26 of Brogue definitely counts!
The term has been around since Spelunky. I think it started as a bit of a joke :) If you think that word is ridiculous then never learn to speak German!
Hey, please don't post every video here. We have a video round-up thread on Tuesdays where you can list all your vids of the week.
That's a perfect question :)
Well I think these questions are more directed at me than the panel of devs, so I'll answer them here instead if that's okay :) Starting from July Mark Johnson and I will be having weekly Skype calls to record Roguelike Radio episodes. The intention is to get different guests on for different topics, and to build up a set of regulars we can call on who are able to talk about a variety of topics (DarkGod, Jim Shepard, Tanya Short and Kawa are all prime people at the mo). We also have an audio wizard regularly editing our episodes now, and a few others I can hit up for editing help when he's busy. The big problem over the last while is that it's essentially just been me doing everything. Me picking topics, me getting guests on, me hosting and recording, me editing, me doing the blog posts and promotion of new episodes. It started off me and Andrew, and as Andrew dropped off a bit due to parental responsibilities it ended up me and Eben or me and Kawa a lot of the time. Having others there as co-hosts at least pushed for things to happen. Unfortunately both Eben and Kawa have also become too busy in life to keep up their activity, and in the past year I've become particularly busy myself. Hopefully a new schedule, with every Tuesday earmarked, will focus more production. Hopefully others can step up to the plate when I'm not around and organise topics I don't have much interest in! Roguelike Radio is far too much "the Darren show" at the moment :P In particular a lot of new games don't get covered because I have no time to get into them. John Harris would be great to have on more, but he himself has said he doesn't like taking part in panel-type shows as he ends up listening to others chat instead of talking. Also I think he's not been playing many roguelikes in a while - I'm hoping with his revived @Play activity he will do a little catching up and want to talk about things more! Let's Plays effects... Well they definitely help with picking out people to join the show when talking about a new roguelike. We've come under heavy criticism in the past for only doing shallow analysis of roguelikes, because quite frankly you need to play a game a lot to really appreciate it. With Let's Plays we can more easily find people with experience at the game that also have good voices and audio equipment :) However we never really reviewed games, or at least never intended to - it was all about analysing the design. To that extent I would always try to do some in-depth background research on games before a show. Let's Plays don't help much in terms of research, as watching a game being played is very different from playing yourself or reading a detailed player report. The "feel" of play is so different from what simply happens on screen! I have no info on demographics beyond the traffic analysis to the web-site, which due to the prevalence of bots and crawlers I simply don't trust. I can publish this info some time if people are interested. On a wider note I am always surprised when I meet people at indie dev events that have listened to the podcast - it is held in some esteem as a rare design-focused podcast, even in non-roguelike circles. I'm always open to others who want to join the show, especially if they can schedule together an episode themselves. I spend a lot of fruitless time trying to chase people for dates/times :-/
General concept. I included it for its gameplay effects :)
Yes, there's some grey areas here, it's hard to be perfect. But there is, I think, a meaningful difference between games where permadeath is clearly expected and those where it's optional or where persistency after death weakens the effect of permadeath. Certainly the voting so far has shown a meaningful difference, with strict permadeath seen by many as necessary for a roguelike but not so necessary for a roguelite.
If you don't know then don't let it affect your voting! Procedural content is more structured than just random content. At the extreme end the game acts as an AI level designer. Whilst random lays things out without real care for the player experience, but still provides variety between replays. Binding of Isaac for instance has predesigned rooms and just lays them out randomly when you enter them. In early versions at least it was possible to start the game surrounded by locked doors - the game never checked if the pathing worked. Contrast with Spelunky which uses customisable pre-fab sections that get plugged together whilst ensuring connectivity. It's level making is really excellent. TraumaRL goes even further by having structured enemy and item placement and nested key requirements down branching dungeon levels.
Ooh, I wouldn't define it quite like that :) Procedural is when the structure is designed by the computer using rules, not something pre-designed picked out at random.
There's too much variety here to go into with a simple poll. Is ToME's lives system anti-permadeath? What about games like PrincessRL where losing in combat costs you time/development resource instead of ending the game, yet it still has permaconsequence? And is an unlock system after death as bad as Rogue Legacy's progression *through* death? By including the strict/optional division we can at least see what number of players care about these sorts of distinctions in general.
I think any game feature can be done bad or well :) Hunger is one of the worst for this though, as it's very important yet often screwed up.
Yeah, that's an easy way of putting it! Procedural = random + design.
