867, limit to counts, and nobody gets to be Nantes.
Technically it was not the SAS, but the precursor. But more importantly he was SOE. We literally don't know what he did for most of the war because its still classified. We do know that at the end of the war he was tasked to do Nazi hunting.
&gt; The year of the leaks. &gt; &gt; The year of the butterfly effect. &gt; &gt; The year of Dorne... &gt; &gt; And now it's watch has ended. But, in the Year of the Shadow War, it became something greater: our last, best hope... for victory.
I liked that splat.
Reekdepmtion!
Varys, what.
HYPE
Oh god, Olly using Benjen...
And the dude Bran is training under is Aemon's great-uncle whose been missing for 50 years.
&gt; This is more contentious than legalizing meth, I think. There needs to be some provision for allowing plea bargains. The correct policy, I think, is to limit them to 3% of the cases that a prosecutor hears in any given calendar year. Jesus fucking Christ. Do you know how much that would break the system? **In California, its only ~3% of convictions that *aren't* plea bargained!** Not saying it's not a noble goal, but you'd need to massively increase the staffing of every court in the country.
BTW: Over powered counts are: Halfdan Whiteshirt of Jorvik: 6k event troops Halsteinn of Nantes: 2k Interesting character guide: http://www.ckiiwiki.com/Interesting_characters_guide
I might play as one of the others, but in MP it seems less fun as less glorious xwedodah is available.
Dang it, forgot to account for daylights savings, got another hour.
Could use more of the rivers.
&gt; Vinci, a city outside of LA Note: Vinci is clearly [Vernon](https://en.wikipedia.org/?title=Vernon,_California), a town with very big scandals as its essentially 100% industrial and commercial land and only certain city employees live in the city, thus making the city employees the only voters. There's a whole history of corruption allegations and investigations, and attempts to deincorporate the city, as it acts as a sort of tax haven, as the businesses there don't have to pay for any of the residential expenses of their employees (like parks, schools, etc.). Senior employees often had multiple jobs, with raises or extra jobs thrown in right before retirement such that the city manager was getting over 500k a year (plus benefits) in retirement. The Vinci water tower shown in the establishing shot is the Vernon water tower with a bit of photoshop.
Dyeing for his art.
The traditional fastest guy is 83 year old Lyle Denniston. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lyle_Denniston Mostly because he uses a phone.
Ok new Mason does it right.
whose trying to catch Charles Manson, but doesn't realize it yet.
Woo actually seeing the aftermath!
When's the Hannibal food book coming out? I want me some of this glorious dream dinner.
Ugh too much whispering. Had to turn on closed captioning.
Ah crap, Jack is gonna have to go hunt Hannibal so he can pay for Bella's drugs.
http://i.imgur.com/QaDbboN.png
I am Jack's mad face.
The Germans run the ECB, and German fears of Hyper-inflation are a big motivating factor behind their strategy. The ECB thus wants Austerity to keep inflation down. Which is horrible for the Greeks who need inflation. I personally think the ECB's policies are stupid and short sighted. Its hurting the overall economy of the Eurozone except for high value exports, mostly centered in Germany (like cars and industrial equipment). And it's why the EU will eventually need to give more balance to population rather than wealth. I think the current formula for voting and purse powers in the EU that are essentially undemocratic and make it hard for the EU to work as a government.
Because it's a **central bank**, which means its owned by the government (in this case the EU), and its purpose is to control monetary policy. Its mostly Germans, and they wrote the initial rules, which are very anti-inflation.
It sounds like the judge is convinced the divorce was a way to dodge paying the wife's expenses. Which means they probably didn't get a lawyers advice on how to structure things several years ago when it would of made a bigger difference. Unfortunately a scenario like this is common, one spouse is relatively independent while the other requires expensive nursing care. There's ways to deal with it, but it's specialist work for an elder care attorney to deal with (and it varies a lot depending on the situation).
&gt; OS Kirk and Spock were also played by Ukrainian Jews. It also featured the first interracial kiss. The Animated Series added more crew including way more non-humanoid aliens as crew such as M'ress (lion woman) and Arex (3 limbs). &gt; TNG Troi was also an alien played by a Greek lady, which Poland ball shows gets a lot of shit. Its also important to note 3 senior officers were women. Riker's sexuality was suppose to be more fluid was well, but they wussed out (star trek wusses out a lot). &gt; DS9 Worf comes on over to DS9. Casety Yates whose also black. Dax ended up exploring lots of gender identity issues, including having same sex kissing (but again they wussed out). Plus again 3 senior officers who are women. &gt; Voyager Forgot Torres, whose character's name even suggest the actress is hispanic, although I think she's actually mixed race with a Spanish dad and black mom. And of course 4 female senior officers. &gt; Enterprise Yeah they didn't try so hard here compared to the last few.
It really depends on what you carry too, or if you're from a ethnic group with specific genetic issues. For example, if Huntington's runs in your family, its a horrible idea.
Tan, she's Scottish.
What makes it more fucked up is how many of the men volunteered for Combat, forming the 442nd Infantry. The most highly decorated unit in the US army was all Japanese American. Nearly 10,000 purple hearts for a unit whose size was only 4,000 (lots of replacements). One of those men was Daniel Inouye, who became the first Asian congressman. He lost his right arm in the war. And he still faced horrible discrimination when he came home, as Hawaii had massive racial policies intended to keep the white land owners in charge. EDIT: forgot to mention he got denied the medal of honor mostly on account of his race for the incident where he lost his arm.
&gt; I forgot just how open Riker sometimes was. The alien in question was played by a female actress, but was portrayed as being very androgynous. Ultimately, the episode itself was a huge take on gender identity norms, though it was primarily an allegory for homosexuality acceptance and an attack on those religious programs that seek to "cure" gay people. Apparently Franks fought hard for them to cast a man as the genderless alien, but lost.
Beat the Byzantines by becoming them...
Or-y-Gun if you're from the northern part of the state. Or-y-gin if you're more southern.
&gt; But the ACA didn't address TORT reform, which is why American physicians have to practice defensive medicine and constantly worry about lawsuits California has had a Cap on medical torts for 40 + years without increasing the cap. Doesn't seem to make a difference.
&gt; The study is careful to note that because Uber drivers are self-employed, those numbers don’t take into account driving expenses such as gasoline, depreciation, or insurance that employed drivers would have covered. Cool, so I may make 16 dollars per hour before accounting for my insurance, gas, and maintenance, compared to 12 where my costs are covered...
&gt; Absolutely not true. Uber covers the driver with commercial quality insurance for the times that the app is active Only since the middle of last year when they were sued and were forced to by the CPUC http://www.mercurynews.com/business/ci_25345400/san-francisco-uber-announces-new-insurance-policy-drivers
Start ups doing this include AirBnB, Uber, Lyft, Handy, Eaze, Luxe, Washio, Saucey...
I was using one example of 16 versus 12 to show that if you stop to think about 3 dollar a gallon gas prices, they're almost certainty making less in that city than a taxi driver.
&gt; they rush the field prematurely Cal loves them for that. [The Play](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfebpLfAt8g)
It's all bretbart crap
Actually you should bitch. The ADA operates under what's called a [private attorney general](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Private_attorney_general), which requires people to sue to actually enforce the ADA.
Bear seems like a pretty happy dude.
Ass Ass Ass Ass Astronomical leader
They also believed in slavery. So holding their opinion as holy writ is suspect.
1. The Coven knew where she was. 2. The Coven can reach into hell. 3. The Coven can bring back the dead. So assuming she's totes dead for good is silly. And I think Sarah Paulson's Supreme is about to fuck up the cortez in a way she couldn't in murder house.
The time between shutting down the Sears catalog and Amazon being founded is less than a year.
It wasn't necessarily misogynistic, the study they cited showed its very much a generational divide.
Robert was a lazy general. He was a great fighter. Would of been happier if he was a sellsword.
The Jerkest Jerk who ever Jerked.
Any moron can plant a cake!
Which organ?
Scarlet was right, we were reborn. Except for her... Lol even Scarlet knows she's kinda pointless.
Given time, Democracy always works. The biggest problem is the need for reforms to make it more successful. Usually transparency, and some form of check and balances. But jesus, Germany and Japan were the biggest dictatorships on earth, and are doing pretty good. A good chunk of the Warsaw pact is now part of the EU. Even Taiwan has transitioned from a one party dictatorship to multi-party democracy.
Mainland China has grown quite a bit since Jackie Chan got started.
I love it, except no gloves, and does not look antiseptic. Worried the OP is gonna get a massive infection so close to their brain.
I'm in Wheaton. My wife works a quarter mile away and due to how many roads are ice and how she's gotta deal with the hill its very slow to get home.
Here's a paper on it. http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=888419
A. Fuck your high horse. B. I'm providing generalized legal information, not actual specific advice based on facts. C. A private attorney general action is a specific style of action which requires a private person to bring a lawsuit to enforce a law. The Attorney General part comes in because the person is acting in liu of the Attorney General. The government, in the form of the Attorney General, has the option to take over the lawsuit. The intention is to shift the cost of enforcement off the Government, as private actors can make money enforcing the law.
1. Your tone and manner are offensive, especially as you began by attacking me for using a term you were simply [unfamiliar with](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Private_attorney_general). 2. I am barred in my jurisdiction. My state's PR rules require use application of facts to an interpretation of law to be legal advice. 3. Private Attorney General Actions are similar to Qui Tams, I don't generally practice in the relevant courts to say how much. Here's a law review article: http://www.billrubenstein.com/Downloads/private_attorney_general.pdf Here's the key ADA CFR via LII https://www.law.cornell.edu/cfr/text/28/part-36/subpart-E Notice how it sets up the private right of action, but gives an intervening right for the Attorney General.
Unfortunately that's too specific of a question to answer ethically as it dependent on where you are, and whose suing and why. (Among other things, many states have their own ADA rules as well as the Federal ADA).
Where's a Costco with booze? I miss that being in Montgomery county.
Yup, good old Kirkland. I like their Crown knock off, although their Vodka is amazing. (supposedly they bought a factory from Grey Goose)
Specifically they've taken up a number of related beliefs that for various reasons they are immune to government acts. There's 3 main types. 1. Religious Types: You see them with stuff like license plates and homemade driver's licenses issued by the 'Kingdom of God'. They tend to believe that only a government following God's Rules is valid. Thus they can ignore the government. 2. Diplomatic types: These folks tend to either attempt some fig leaf of succession or buy passports online from someone else who is. They try and argue they are thus diplomats, and have diplomatic immunity as 'Ambassadors' from the Republic of Makebelieve. 3. (And most common) are Constitutionals, They believe that the Constitution is real, but how that the government is using legal tricks that a savvy person can avoid. They tend to use fringe interpretations using stuff like the fringe of a flag to argue the court is applying admiralty law, and is inapplicable to them. There's also lots of talk about legal strawmen, or contracts with the government, in the belief that the government is trying to trick them into stuff like paying taxes or getting drivers licenses. In short, its mostly people who really don't want to pay taxes/fees/get car insurance/get their license reinstated and think the law is magic, and if they can use the right words they are immune.
Just saw the first flakes here in Wheaton
Is that when those fuckers have the fire alarm go off? - A neighbor who looks in your windows.
Gareth's Disney Princess Song...
Set your DVRs..
Except in 2004 at least, the right wing lurch worked. Mostly because Bush was able to use Gay Marriage to scoop up some folks in the middle, and the right has been better organized in swing states. But the Right in the US has been fighting demographic shifts since 2000. America is a little less all white, the mega collation of Evangelical Christians has fallen apart, and the democrats are better at using social media for organizing voter turn out. (specifically stuff like making sure people in swing states get to the polls).
Note that the Taxi's have a lot more restrictions on them. Uber/Lyft tend to get around them. Sometimes more legally than not. For example, there's insurance issues. Uber for the longest time tried to argue they weren't doing a livery business and didn't need livery insurance, which is far more expensive (mostly because livery insurance factors in the miles and has bigger requirements for accident coverage). But there's additional stuff, like how they often have to subsidize dial a ride services or offer services to the disabled. Uber and Lyft have been having issues where some of the drivers have ditched on rides that have seeing eye dogs.
It's one half of Jeffster!
Hey did the snow collapse your pool cover? My wife wants to know
Stacy was the one whose image we don't use anymore.
This owner is crazy with a capital K. Clear she's got hoarding issues and won't accept taking a loss or throwing anything out. Hence the frozen food since she can avoid any losses.
Statutory Rape is a strict liability crime where not knowing age, or even being lied to is not a defense. Perhaps its a shitty law, but that's the breaks.
And not even all American States have this law. But Tinder is based out of LA, which is in California, which has 18 as the age of consent.
Otoh the state where Tinder is Headquartered is one of those states.
He's still mad that he didn't buy Geico.
Japan does this now after massive amounts of fraud. Turns out while Japan does have longevity, more than a few folks were hiding deaths to get benefits checks.
Additionally, in California, a divorce attorney can be paid via a lien on the family house. Its intended for a case like this, with stay at home parent who has little to no personal resources, although there may be decent shared assets.
&gt; 'd rather finish school asap and pass the bar and then start working Dude, I went to a 2nd tier Cal school about 100 spots up the ranking from yours. It took me 3 years to get a law job, despite being patent barred, and top 10% of my class and passing the bar the first time. At best your law school has a 38% bar passage rate. You're in the back half of the class already. You may take several years to pass the bar. And odds are you will never pass the bar in your current condition. Further, your school does not have a great rep. Even being top 5% of your class is going to be rough. And you're not going to be in that. Dude, you fucked up, but you have options now. I'm assuming you're pretty young. Under 25. I'd take the time off now and regroup. Go into the work force. You currently only have a 30k mistake. Sucks, but that happens. You were not ready or mature enough for law school. Your law school was one that you need to really think about. You do not want a law school ranked below 100 unless its free, and even then you need to weigh options. What you really need to do is mature. Go spend 5 years working, mature. Retake the LSAT and try to get a decent score. Make a compelling life story, and find a cheap state school even outside of california. Right now you're struggling to stay in a relatively bad law school at high tuition with low odds of bar passage and low odds of any sort of meaningful job. IF! you succeed, you're looking at 10 years of struggle to find work and build a career. If you take off and go work, you will mature, get better LSAT schools, you can have 10 much less shittier years to get a chance of legal employment. Over those ten years off you might find another option. That's ok too. Being laser focused on law now isn't a great idea. You went to law school when you weren't personally mature enough or knew enough about how you performed to be ready for the tests.
O chem or P chem? O. Chem is better with masters/phd since you can do pharma. Also fuck law school right now, go get a patent examiner job (USAjobs.GOV). Become an examiner, get your night school at GWU Law paid for by the government, and avoid all debt and make 100k+ while in law school.
A masters is nice, and means higher step/grade for the patent office. The nice thing is they have a long lead process, so you can easily apply while in school. You will almost certainly have to move to DC. but really its worth it. Also to be fair, o-chem is a bit more overcrowded than some fields, so a masters will help. Otoh, organometallics (nasty fucking shit!) seem less common. My managing partners both actually went to Catholic University instead of GWU. (theres like 2 other options I think). It's really common in the DC area to be an examiner first, and that is where most biotech work is anyway. I actually have a physics/chemE undergrad double major, and a failed stab at a phd before I went back. I was part of the crazy bubble years which made finding employment a bit harder. Doing via the PTO means guaranteed employment, no issues with the patent bar, and minimal debt. Not to mention maryland and virgina have joke bars compared to my cal bar.
Bandon? Cause they are owned now by Tillamook
Check here http://www.uspto.gov/sites/default/files/OED_GRB.pdf Page 4 of the PDF identifies the majors as well as the CS accreditation requirements. "*Acceptable Computer Science degrees must be accredited by the Computer Science Accreditation Commission (CSAC) of the Computing Sciences Accreditation Board (CSAB), or by the Computing Accreditation Commission (CAC) of the Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology (ABET), on or before the date the degree was awarded." Then option B: i. Op tion 1: 24 semester hours in physics. Only physics courses for physics majors will be accepted. ii. Option 2: 32 semester hours in a combination consisting of the following: 8 semester hours of chemistry or 8 semester hours of physics, and 24 semester hours in biology, botany, microbiology, or molecular biology. The 8 semester hours in chemistry or 8 semester hours of physics must be obtained in two sequential courses, each course including a lab. Only courses for science or engineering majors will be accepted. iii. Option 3: 30 semester hours in chemistry. Only chemistry courses for chemistry majors will be accepted. iv. Option 4: 40 semester hours in a combination consisting of the following: 8 semester hours of chemistry or 8 semester hours of physics, and 32 semester hours of chemistry, physics, biology, botany, microbiology, molecular biology, or engineering. (For Computer Science, see other acceptable course work.) The 8 semester hours of chemistry or 8 semester hours of physics must be obtained in two sequential courses, each course including a lab. Only courses for science or engineering majors will be accepted. For Computer Science, see other "Other Acceptable Course Work." All acceptable coursework for Options 2 and 4 must be for science or engineering majors x. Other Acceptable Course Work: Under Option 4, up to four semester hours will be accepted for courses in design engineering or drafting. Also, under Option 4, computer science courses that stress theoretical foundations, analysis, and design, and include substantial laboratory work, including software development will be accepted. Such courses include the representation and transformation of information structures, the theoretical models for such representations and transformations, basic coverage of - 7 - algorithms, data structures, software design with a laboratory, programming languages with a laboratory, and computer organization and architecture. Other acceptable courses in computer science include artificial intelligence and robotics, networking, linear circuits, logic circuits, operating systems, and software methodology and engineering. However, the courses may not be substituted for the eight semester hours of chemistry or physics required under Option 4.
Most importantly: Option 4: 40 semester hours in a combination consisting of the following: 8 semester hours of chemistry or 8 semester hours of physics, and 32 semester hours of chemistry, physics, biology, botany, microbiology, molecular biology, or engineering. (For Computer Science, see other acceptable course work.) Then its that big list of various courses which can count. The big thing is you need 8 semester hours of chemistry or physics that are actual engineering level physics/chem PLUS 32 hours.
Go be a patent examiner first, its cheaper, quicker, and a back door to being a patent agent. To do that, find patent examiner on USAJOBS.gov The USPTO hires in spurts, but go work for a year or two while you do LSATs and figure out which DC area law school will take you. Catholic and GW have night programs full of examiners. Why do this? 1. PTO has various reimbursement programs they offer from time to time to make law school free. 2. Lots of examiners to attend with, so makes it much easier for finding jobs afterwards, etc. 3. Get paid while you work, with a phd you can make 100k+ from the patent office within 3 years.
&gt; Who is to know he's not a lair or a psychopath Honestly this reminded me of an Episode of 'King of the Hill' where they pressure their niece to keep dating the president of Larsen Pork Products. In the end he was a psycho trying to control the niece to re-enact a mural on his nursery wall.
Shoot, at this point is Dany the legal heir to all the dead claimants?
Honestly my firm's partners and of counsels all went examiner-night school route. They worked at big law known patent firms with night school JDs from one of several DC schools. Considering they graduated with no debt and a firm understanding of an art unit, it was pretty rewarding for them. Sometimes I wish that I did that (but I met my wife by going to law school where I did).
I did the majority of the high level fishing for my server's AQ gates in Vanilla. Hours upon hours in Winterspring. Like real fishing I was drunk most of the time.
The whiskey thing was wide spread. Roads sucked in much of the US, so bringing crops to market in distant cities was a pain, and it was a lot less work to make grain into alcohol and take that to market rather than take the grain.
Otoh, it beats the previous spy satellites which used film, and had to drop the film capsules back to earth. (Some of them had multiple capsules so it could drop the film after a set amount of time). The movie 'Ice Station Zebra' involves the Russians and Americans racing to get to one of these capsules first.
Lazy tool. It just shows you patents that were granted 20 years ago. Which doesn't necessarily mean they expired today. Some of them were expired for years before that since there's several things which affect the date. For instance, patents filed before June 8, 1995 and for patents that were still in force on June 8, 1995, the patent term is either 17 years from the issue date or 20 years from the filing date of the earliest U.S. or international (PCT) application to which priority is claimed (excluding provisional applications), the longer term applying. Meaning some of these patents actually expired up to 3 years before. Not to mention there's an extension for patents which take a long time to process (mostly pharma due to FDA compliance), meaning they may actually still be in force. And these things called terminal disclaimers which can significantly reduce the length of the patent. This is a lazy replacement for actual research, and is just someone who made a website doing a custom google patents search for patents granted 20 years before.
Yup. Next panel would be homeless break into the place, start living there, as the true landlords lose track of the place, or get in a legal dispute. Property loses value, eventually getting torn down/sold off.
SF is weird because new housing is really hard to make, and there's no room to expand within the city. Otoh lots of it is a bubble, and its caused by speculators/people hiding wealth. SF is going to hurt when the next bubble bursts in Tech and Housing at the same time. Way too many people in tech came in after the dot-com crash and didn't learn their lessons. When a few thousand apartments suddenly come on the market at the same time due to techies needing to liquidate their houses, the prices will crash. Otoh how far and how much is an open question.
The Pearl also doesn't fit since it was mostly industrial properties that became squatters places back in the 90s after the industrial crash. Hobos moved in and did heroin, then artists took over some of the properties, which started the gentrification cycle. And it's never reached the banker stage, now it's mostly either techies or other professionals.
&gt;Lyft arrives in 5 min max, but lets say 10 min for the fun of it &gt; take off 30 minutes for the Lyft ride there and back At that point it's 40 minutes, you're better off with Red Line for 2.50 then a lyft ride.
&gt; The whole place should be done Hong Kong-style with 90-100 floor condo parks around a subway Yes, but NIMBYism is huge in SF, and SSF is fucked anyways because Menlo Park and Atherton sue the crap out of Caltrain and make BART a joke. &gt;All those two and three story houses have to go, those old victorian houses are going to kill a lot of people. People put outsized trust in older houses there. Yup, but they are iconic, and so people will pay insane amounts. I think the house from 'Full House' is worth something like 3 million dollars now. Maybe after the next big one wrecks some neighborhoods will there be the redevelopment that will actually reduce housing costs and make it so the police/firefighters/teachers/etc in the city don't need to drive 2 hours each way to get to work.
