Looks like that neighborhood is racist.
Slight uptick in protests from the unemployed berniebot brigade and a more noticeable stench than usual.
She's a mess.
We already have plenty of violent thugs here, it's a shame we have to import thousands for the DNC. Is it too late to build a wall?
These republican voting, NRA card-carrying individuals are getting out of control. Can somebody please designate this block as a gun free zone?
So did the suspects vote for Bernie or Hillary?
Don't be silly, it's our privilege to be victimized because of race.
Build the wall ten feet higher!
If you don't bend the knee to Trump you're always welcome to leave and go somewhere like Mexico or the Middle East. Or are you some kind of bigot?
Can't tell if you're just a Bernout reeling from defeat at the hands of Crooked Hillary, but the entire basis of Trump's tax plan is to reduce taxes for the middle/lower class. And if you think we're spending a cent on the wall... well, it just got ten feet higher. The Trump train has no brakes.
Allow me to inject some critical thinking: if you total up all of the money spent each year combating illegal immigration, combined with the amount of foreign aid we send to Mexico, we could build whatever wall we want. The biggest wall. The greatest wall. Bonus: it creates thousands of temporary jobs. That's a real "shovel ready" project.
I'm waiting for them to spin this: "White Supremacist Trump Supporter Attacks Latina Reporter for Speaking Spanish"
Finally the SRT gets a little competition.
Sure but when she does it she's "mentally ill;" when I do it it's "sir please, I'm just as upset as you that Bernie lost"
I'm currently consulting with the DNC regarding the victim hierarchy, I'll let you know my findings.
"hm this guys wearing a t-shirt and jeans matches the description of a violent crime that was committed but we can't stop him because the suburban teenager on reddit might accuse me of being racist"
American pride is racist, can't do it
Extra security would be Islamophobic we better not
She should do a Top 5 Philly Gun Store ~~list~~ article next. Is there a Pats vs. Genos for AR-15s? We need to know.
"... and then we elected President Trump in 2016 and things began to turn around ..."
Holy fuck this is a real thing, I thought it was just making fun of that one guy's stupid typo. Fucking hipsters.
Why not just go all the way and make laws against murder then
Imagine the economic impact next year if they all just buy even one soda
"...and on your left you'll see poverty created by decades of democrats in power... on your right you'll see violence stemming from this poverty... Hillary 2016!"
Report: fuck off, we're full.
You're forgetting to count the hired protesters being bussed in from all over
If Trump being a 1%er makes him the bad guy, then what is Crooked Hillary? Trump acknowledges that he's wealthy. Hillary panders while accepting $600k-a-pop bribes for "speeches" to the same banks she denounces to the public. Or there's always the $20mm+ she's accepted from Saudi Arabia and other nations that commit various human rights violations. BUt hey one time Trump said something I misinterpreted as mean so he's evil
Under the El @ Kensington &amp; Somerset. Bring $20.
YES! We made national news! WE'RE #1
Another deadbeat liberal trying to get out of his civic duty. I know it's probably hard for you to get up before noon on a week day but you can skip one day of Bernie circlejerking to go be a responsible citizen.
She started it
The corrupt democrat machine here could probably give Chicago a run for its money. At least the state will go red in November; combine that with the riots we're sure to see at the DNC and maybe the city will start flipping.
A centipede is pleased.
So serene before the Wendy's was built
Don't buy in the ghetto
Philly taxes are truly the best example of throwing good money after bad.
Seriously this is great news for Trump - being denounced by Philly city council is a great thing. Who the fuck would support somebody that those crooks *endorse*
It's nice to be 1st in something
Pro: very close to a liquor store Con: likely to be robbed walking to/from the liquor store Pro: there are some parks nearby Con: you can see the fucking sneakers hanging from the powerlines when you streetview this corner
Fairmount. Next.
I would change my name too if I got convicted
You hold up your ironic spork typing that reply?
This regressive tax is progressive
Having front row seats to see the dems implode is a dream come true.
Just as sure as the Benny Frank jawn glowed rainbow to defeat terrorism, the millennials of North Nilly can't stop our next republican president Donald J. Trump.
Manayunk is a much better neighborhood for young professionals than ~~Kensington~~ Fishtown.
Hey check out this picture of the skyline I just took
World class
The wall just got ten feet higher.
Fun fact: if democrats stop shooting people, gun violence would be nearly non-existent.
Nothing lucky about it
I believe the kids call it North Nilly now, so wacky and hip
The answer is still no
Great now we have scooter gangs. Fucking hipsters.
Get a doorman
*I was mocking how cheap fishtown rents actually are because I'm an elitist and think hipsters suck*
But they fit me so nicely
The poverty-pimping regressive democrat machine here is unstoppable.
Oh no they'll find all of my Woody's posts
You're right, except for the whiny entitlement, futile online ranting and abdication of personal accountability there are no indicators of age range
This is our fault, it takes a village
Genius
SRT hard-mode version
"he was asking for it" - liberal teenagers everywhere
No homeless
Millennials hate the rich too much for Chestnut Hill to ever be "cool"
But it isn't near heroin dens or faux-dive bars with onion flavored ice cream, it's so not authentic city enough
I forgot it's &lt;current year&gt;
A product of the philly public school system
Good news!
Crack? This isn't the 80s, surely they mean heroin. The cure to this addiction is to vote republican but too many junkies comprise the voter base.
Well your assumption about my alleged assumption was without substance so if you're assuming I'm saying something without substance it's your own lack of substance causing the issue
Darwin Award candidates
I didn't think the Phillies took batting practice
The wall just got TEN FEET HIGHER
That's the hood. The only people that'll tell you it's gentrifying are realtors trying to dupe you for a quick buck or internet hipsters that think violent crime and drugs are "gritty" and "edgy."
&gt; But honestly, I know nothing about city funds. It's ok, neither does the city.
A crippling addiction
LMAO yes that's basically Trump's platform (it's not)
Yeah imagine the limousine liberals actually going to an urban area and seeing the devastating effects of their policies. Whoops!
ignore the scared suburbanites, live in Chester for an authentic experience
We suggest Woody's
lmao is this why cuban was so upset during the election?
Well the officer appears to be racist and misogynist, I say we have an open and shut case here
It's just a movie about a man and his videotapes.
they all bend the knee eventually
Disgusting. Hope they actually keep him in prison this time.
but have we untangled the motive yet
Dangerous Putin used mind control to make Podesta's password "password" for easy phishing then wrote all of those damning e-mails himself then mind controlled a different DNC insider to leak it. We've always been at war with Eurasia.
30 years ago? Dude it was just in 1990... **oh fuck**
it's a bell pal not a fuckin' iphone
I knew this at one point but it's not ringing a bell; it's probably tin/copper if I had to guess
take it to r/SauconValley champ
#HIS
I'm leaving. I've assessed the situation, and I'm going.
b-b-but according to the Chicago PD it's just kids making "stupid mistakes" and CNN is still trying to untangle the motives
not anymore, those crumb bums ditched their best promo after the chapter 11
then you realize what I typed is accurate and it goes from funny to tragic
tl;dr version - we're going to create more jobs
might have to wait for that one but you can go apply to the soon-to-be-newly-reopened US Steel plant in Keewatin, Minnesota! http://www.cnbc.com/2016/12/07/us-steel-wants-to-accelerate-investments-bring-back-jobs-ceo-says.html http://www.detroitnews.com/story/business/2016/12/31/us-steel-restart-plant-call-back-employees/96052620/
