I love White Zombie, but I think Rob Zombie did better on his own...
This guy is a fucking bag of dicks. He's Skip Bayless if some people actually thought Skip Bayless could put together a sentence correctly.
I'm not your buddy, guy!
I like this one a lot
Best Star Wars game ever.
I like dis one
And he had the best hip rehab ever. Shoot a bow with his feet!
Also, needs more Boz-shaming touchdowns.
It costs your mouth in this weird, slimy feel...
Bet you can't eat the black ones!
You sound like a 12 year old right now. This isn't even relevant.
I wanna wear a zoom suit. All the time.
[Ah, the ol' reddit gamearoo!](http://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/396da8/600_years_in_the_future_theres_a_historian_who/cs1m525)
Yes! The swords! This is the only game where I've seen a sword and thought "I can absolutely imagine holding that." The leather textures, the metal, you can just imagine the weight of it! Also, love lookin at my Griffin armor and swords during cutscenes too.
Thank you! Do you know of any specific mythological stories that it's based on? I've definitely let myself get wrapped up in this world now lol
Sure you did, Daniel. Why you gotta be dragging Lindsey down with you?!
I've gotten some Loot Crates, and it's ok, but in my mind, probably a waste of money. For 30 bucks I could pick out one thing that I really want rather than 5 things that are kinda cool.
Is it worth it to go? What's it offer?
I think he meant b9. As in "I have good news! Your tumor is b9!"
Bucky? Where are ya, Bucky?!
I'm not your pun, quip!
I'm brand spanking new to this game. I love it but don't get it at all. I'm playing on an Xbox one. Is this game even officially released on PC yet or is it still in alpha?
Yes! Jumping is so hard! I don't get it! Lol But I freaking love everything! The first time I came out of hyperspace next to a sun, I literally gasped!
Oh ok cool! Also, how do I drop out of friendship drive?....
Hahaha so basically, just play around on my controller and figure it out. :) ok I can do that!
Don't call him mate, geezer!
Effin A! Just figured it out! You hold down A to bring up the menu and push up on the d-pad to do it! I feel so liberated now! Hahah
&gt; That's the game, and you play it at your own risk. When you play the game of Castles, you either win, or you die
&gt; Then I would say, they are simply doing this for business perspective, not that they love the X1 community. Is this because, they don't have enough confidence in their console to bring new games, so let's try different and put backward compatibility. Got that fanboy stink on ya, son
One of em tried to cut off my grandmas finger to get her ring. My grandpa grabbed the guys arm and twisted it down so that the guy stabbed himself in the leg really deep. Then they ran like hell.
It's Fallout Shelter. It's an iOS game. EDIT: Shelter not vault
I can't tell if he's being a dick, or if he's trying to make a joke that none of us are getting....
That's what I love about these games. The level of detail is absurd!
Just voted. Definitely wanna dock at a place called Ramjam!
Iiiiii would say it's very high up there....
To be fair, Sir Anthony Hopkins could have played Jar Jar and it still would have sucked
I'll ride in your Cobra with you ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Hell yeah! You a Taylor Swift fan?! Crank that shit!
Yeah that I don't know about.....
It's not overly heavy, but you definitely know you're wielding a deadly weapon. My nightstick is telescoping, so I like that it sits right by my glasses case, because it's about the size of a glasses case, so that if I need it I can grab it quickly. Anyone who doesn't know what it is just thinks it's a flashlight.
You're right. Just because someone needs something for work doesn't make it a human right. For instance, I need prescription pads for my work, but not every human should have a right to a prescription pad. Look guys, I hate Fox as much as you do, but stop saying things that are equally as stupid.
So then paper and printers should be a human right?....
༼ つ ಥ_ಥ ༽つ
"Ayyy lmao" -King Tut
┬─┬﻿ ︵ /(._ . ）
196%
It's crazy! The way he says it, it's like what he's doing is something that is completely ok! He can't FATHOM that there are people out there who think that chokeholding suspects is wrong!
Iron Giant. It's a very well done movie.
Sake bombs. Sake bombs.
Three vaginas and they're STILL raping our women! Selfish bastards!
It's really not. Our defense is playing better than it ever has. Our RB's have been fine. Lacy has been gimpy this season, but Starks has been solid and Lacy will come back strong. Our O-Line we do need to use some draft picks on. They're getting old. But when you take a #1 WR out, everything gets much harder. You're left with Cobb, a slot receiver who's being asked to be a deep threat, Jones, who, God love him, isn't scaring any defenses, and Adams, who needs more time to grow, just like Nelson did behind Jennings and Driver, and Cobb did behind Nelson and Jennings. Put Nelson back in the mix, and all the pieces, except for the O-Line, fall into place.
Thanks guys.... That's nice of you to say....
Put it on your mantle next to your Lombardi trophies.
Highlight of the night. Yes, that includes the INT
LOL
In a non-starting shit way, do the Vikings really consider themselves our main rival?... I always saw it as Packers/Bears, Vikings/Lions...
Nicest thing I've read all week!
Probably won't use this term again until Belicheck leaves NE
A lot of ign employees voted for rise as overall GOTY too
Love it! ALL their shit talk and "FTP" shit all season! For them to lose like that is amazing!!!!
A hood without sleeves? Now James Jones is just messing with us....
That's the thing that gives me hope for next year! Our defense is starting to mature and come into their own!
If it makes you feel better, I've heard this could be an Asian tourist. It's common practice for them to wear both jerseys to show respect to both teams
That Peppers guy is alright!
Also, if you don't already, get SmartGlass
I have an Xbox One and I love it. If I were you though I would take a look at the upcoming games for Xbox One. Cuphead, Crackdown, Quantum Break, Gears 4, Oxenfree, (which is coming out this Friday) and ReCore (which is made by the guys who did Metroid Prime) are all coming to Xbox this year and have me beyond excited! If those games catch your eye, I'd strongly consider getting an Xbox One.
He's going to kill himself pretending to kill himself!
Can't tell if trolling or not... Either way, here's a downvote
Thanks for this, but I'm really ok! No one would have expected the Pack to do that well! I'm just excited for next year and ready to cheer the Cardinals on in the Super Bowl!
And Janis across the field from him! (Ok maybe not, but maybe!)
:,) thanks man...
I agree with you that it stems from jealousy, but it doesn't mean that it doesn't get obnoxious. As a Thunder fan, I don't comment and post "fuck the Rockets" whenever they lose.
I actually like Bridgewater. And I really don't hate the Viking team (except for AP. Fuck that guy in the fucking neck), I just don't like their fans.
Holy shit that would be awesome!
That was the day Al Harris was immortalized in my mind! Even have an Al Harris rookie card. He's in an Eagles jersey but still....
I honestly don't think we do that.... If we have, I've never seen it... Does your subreddit really have a FTL and FTB? I've never seen it... And good! I'm glad you can cheer for some of our guys too! Serious question though, why do you all hate Rodgers? (Maybe you don't personally, but a lot of Vike fans do) Other than him selling out to State Farm, I love everything about the guy!
Yes!
I freaking loved Atari Bigby! Our defense might have given up a lot of yards and penalties, but they beat the shit out of everyone they played!
No need for racial slurs
Ugh... I know I'm in the minority, but I hate hate HATE Wes Anderson... The way he directs his dialogue is just so strange! The actors deliver their lines so quickly one after another and so deadpan that it sounds like they're reading off of cue cards to me.
"Food by Wingstop" I'm dead
You're much funnier than I was at your age....
"Some things are true. Not everything is permitted. That's called fraud."
I don't watch NASCAR at all. Can you explain why people hate him? Was he considered a dirty competitor or something?
Who the hell posts shit like this on facebook?
Hope OP is fine with paying me a year salary now that I'm fired!
He looks old as hell! Look at his hands! Those are the hands of a 90 year old grandmother!
All Along the Watchtower by Jimi Hendrix
That movie had such promise, then went to shit...
And don't talk "like the youths"
Ok I could agree with you there. I'm more anti-Redmayne than pro-Jordan on this. I do think Jordan got robbed on not being nominated for Fruitvale Station though.
I did see it. I thought it was an interesting subject, but I just felt like he delivered so poorly on it. I actually liked him quite a bit in the theory of everything, which was why I was looking forward to the Danish girl. But I thought his performance in it was very forgettable.
Yeah, Birdman was definitely an experience, and I was talking to my friends about it afterwards, talking about "wasn't this cool, and wasn't that cool?" But then once I got into bed and had time to think, I kinda came to this conclusion; I see movies for enjoyment. If I enjoyed a movie, it has merit. But I didn't enjoy Birdman... I totally get it. I get that it's a message on how it feels to be pigeonholed (heh) into a role and never be able to break out of it, and I can appreciate that message. But I disliked it for the same reason I disliked Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas. Because watching it gave me the same feeling as when you're somewhat sick to your stomach but not enough to be full blown sick. Just....so uncomfortable.... Whiplash was pretty formulaic. The dad apologizing for being bumped into in the movie theater for instance ("get it?! Cause, like, his dad gets walked all over, and he hates him for that, but he'll let someone else walk all over him when it's important to him!!!"), but, holy shit JK Simmons. I don't think I've enjoyed watching an actor act as much as I have watching him act in that movie! He is a total dick, a selfish asshole, and I loved every minute of it!
Also Bendis and Maleev's run at Daredevil!
SO excited to read Hellboy's winter special! I snagged the variant cover too!
"Do you think she hates me?" "With a passion." "Really? Do you think it's the hat? A lot of people hate this hat. It angers a lot of people, just the sight of it."
I'm getting chills just thinking about it!
The hardest part is over. You told someone. You didn't let it sit in the shadows and fester. That's poisonous. Now you can start healing! Also, if you ever feel like you need to talk to someone, know that you can message me or pretty much anyone else on here! I'm confident we'd all be willing to listen!
Wait, shouldn't he start with [this?](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/JAQtbCUYGsw/maxresdefault.jpg)
&gt;I don't think anyone blames OKC fans for rooting for their team You haven't spent much time around Seattle, have you?...
