My story is fairly long. My first few businesses didn't have any employees although I did have partners. I've funded companies a variety of ways, including Kickstarter and out of my own pocket.
Nice job! You've learned a valuable set of lessons here that you will look back at in the future.
I really think it depends on the person. I would just advise to enjoy the journey as much as possible.
Yeah man, those motorcycle clubs aren't paying their fair share!
Dunno, but we won't recognize any of the jobs. In the same way someone from 150 years ago would not recognize many of the jobs today (what's a computer?) Most people were farmers! What are all those farmers going to do! Oh no the sky is falling!
&gt; This is the root mechanism of inequality of outcome which we see today: people do not effectively asses their own position and what is in their best interest and they make decisions from a position of informational asymetry which yields a sub-optimal outcome. Or ever. E.g. some people never thinking about what's in their best interest. They just live day to day, surviving.
Dunno but I tell my kids to start businesses and not go to college unless they want to be a doctor.
Don't worry, they stream people out of the college track early in Germany.
Agree on both points. Like what do you do with people that clearly simply want to live like animals? Some people do. Do we take them out of that situation "for their own good" or do we let them make their own choices and suffer the consequences?
I don't get it. Why would you put up with that? I would have simply withdrawn and then send the essay to the local media for publication instead. With some choice commentary.
I'm very familiar with what these companies pay as I'm in the tech industry. Amazon will pay programmers fresh out of school $100k a year in some cases. Basically $64k is below even the bottom of the scale for most tech jobs.
It's not crazy to regroup, recapitalize and rethink about your next thing. Having a 9 to 5 job for me is like a stress relief potion compared to running a company. Last time I worked for anyone else was June 2008 and I doubt I'll do it again, but before that I was on/off for 15 years...
It's already done. I don't know what Dave would say but not just be aggressive about paying it off first? You don't have other debt right now, pay this house off, then go buy a new house. Bam.
Until Mr. Fusion gets stolen by the great khan and they have to figure out how to power the Tesla some other way.
I like doing BI with a negative income tax. So the short answer is that everyone else pays. Over time though I've started to think that a sovereign wealth fund might actually be the correct solution. Basically just slowly build up a fund that generates income. Split that income amongst everyone.
Hit the gym, start fliring with other women, make less time for her. If that doesn't work, then it's over.
Not a helluva lot. I just sold my 2009 C6 with 56k miles and it was pretty much perfect. Seat wear was the biggest issue really.
Ok, so let's start with taxing oil extraction. Take a piece of every well that drills on US soil. That would generate a good start. This could could be built slowly over time. As we transition to post scarcity the fund gets bigger and the check everyone get's slowly gets larger.
I have some pretty decent image stabilized binocs I can use. I was more thinking a drone but it might be too far.
The author of Snow Crash just came out with a new book called Seveneves.
I'm good enough, I'm strong enough and gosh darnit, people like me.
When I was 21 I bought myself a brand new Mustang Cobra. The car wasn't unaffordable to me but I leased the damn thing because I didn't know what I was doing. Definitely took a bath on that one and learned my lesson. Today, many years later, I'm on my 4th Corvette (currently a 2015 z06).
Telling poor people to get bachelor degrees like that someone is going to make them wealthy is stupid. If you are poor you have a lack of money. Getting an education *could* be a way to earn more money, but it's fairly indirect. So we are lying to them like it says, blatantly. However, telling young black people that no matter how hard they work they will never get ahead is even worse. What kind of message is that? Life is tough and if you definitely won't get ahead by coasting.
Using an emergency fund isn't a bump, it's expected. It should constantly be getting filled. Divorce is a bump.
It's not something I would be terribly concerned with. Most drivers seem fairly passive anyway, more passive drivers is fine. Beside I'm sure the aggression can be turned up if that's needed in some situations.
Odd, I basically suggested the same thing in another BI thread the other day.
Not even close. Too many issues to list date mag, bezel pearl, bezel text, text on dial, crown looks wrong even from this angle etc etc. The guy selling it could very well believe it's genuine but from this picture I can tell you, no way.
As I said, too many issues to list ;)
Nope they use buttons that are electronic. There are manual release levels on the floor though so you can get out without electricity. Also the roof could have easily been popped.
I ask people about that kind of stuff in interviews.
This is the real issue. Way too many people in jail for bullshit for way too long. The pads are just a symptom of the larger issues. Still sucks and is still inhumane.
Is it possible the dial is just after market and the rest of the watch is ok? It's hard for me to tell with these pictures but I feel like most of it looks pretty good except for the dial.
Sometimes people want fancier dials and don't really understand that it's not legit because they aren't serious collectors. We are talking Rolex here. There are plenty of people walking around with aftermarket dials on real watches. Anyway I can't give a solid opinion either way. Certainly the dial is craptastic and that alone would cause me to stay away.
https://www.nceo.org/articles/employee-ownership-100
Or you could just compete with them. I still haven't heard any answer as to why workers can't own the means of production now.
&gt;And where, in any of this thread, did I ever say that violent offenders should have heir dignity stolen and be treated like animals? &gt; If everyone in prison truly deserved to be there, like violent offenders, then the issue discussed here honestly wouldn't irk me as much Right there. You said if they deserve to be there you have no problem with the status quo. The status quo steals their dignity and treats them like animals by withholding necessary sanitation.
&gt;Eh, I'm not sure it'd be a civil war as such. It's more likely that it'd be a simple insurrection, perhaps based around a dual power structure, and it would only occur under conditions where the working class were already strong and the state already weak. Think of Catalonia in 1936 as a good example. Oh, just an insurrection, is that all? Are you calling for armed revolution in the USA? &gt;Well the means of production are already controlled by meglomaniacs who use force to maintain their power, who use force to steal from their employees, who use force to control and dominate society. This is a bunch of malarky. &gt;The aim of socialism is to establish genuine democracy. And let me guess, you get to be in charge? What about our current democracy is going to be different from your fictional world? &gt;We absolutely care if we have the consent of the population because socialism could never be established - let alone continue to exist for more than 5 minutes - without it. So then we agree it will never happen. One can't even get most people to agree about what brand of toilet paper to use, let alone politics. There is always going to be a significant number of people who think differently. I suppose you'll just kill them in the insurrection? &gt;Some (typically collectivists) advocate for labour vouchers. I'd rather transition to a gift and volunteer economy, whereby people work because they want to and where no money is exchanged whatsoever. The resources we create are allocated by need, rather than being allocated to whomever can pay the most. Of course with you deciding who needs what. I'm on to you ;) Also what's the difference between a labor voucher and money? To me a labor voucher is just a form of money. &gt;P.S. I'm sorry about the downvotes, we can get a bit hostile around here. Hopefully it won't put you off socialism as an ideology. I'm not put off by downvotes, but I am put off by the ideology you are claiming for your own here. I'm firmly convinced it would be Stalin all over again if you got your way.
&gt;Capitalists, folks: if you don't have enough money, you're being irresponsible with your money. You should just be more responsible, that way you'll have more money. You know, living within your means. There are actually two separate concepts here. concept 1) Handling the money you do have effectively. Unless you are almost a pauper you should never be living paycheck to paycheck. An emergency fund is a must. concept 2) If you are a pauper, or simply want to live better, go out and earn some more money. If you can't then you might want to consider what's holding you back and fix that. Given that millions of people live responsibly, within their means and earn a living, what's wrong with you if you can't? Maybe looking inward and working on yourself might be a better strategy than whining about it.
Honestly I'm interested in talking about this stuff from a more middle of the road point of view. I would support something like a basic income but you are just so far out there that I don't think we have much in common to talk about.
Same thing as the other thread. We aren't even close to being on the same page at all, so there really isn't much to discuss. I thought /r/socialism would be slightly more middle of the road.
Very much this. It wasn't driver skill people, it was Ferrari engineering keeping that car straight. Modern nannies are really really good.
Same goes with game devs. Technically we are competing, but in reality we all hang out and help each other out as much as possible.
We sold them a pig in a poke on that one! Suckers! We got you good Islanders.
Yeah it's definitely worth checking out.
Given that Chevy has be changing that system every year the exact model, year and mode would all do different things. The C7 system definitely reacts differently than C6's.
Time heals all. Good luck.
You made the right call.
Vape pens for nicotine are super common. They are also completely indistinguishable from the same pen being used with marijuana oil. Neither one of them emits much of a scent. I've seen people use them indoors and nobody even notices. It's not like old school smoking a doobie. They sell these are every single store in WA.
This is an extremely complex topic. Normally you would trademark the name of an app. You file this with the trademark office, see your local lawyer. It's a multi-step process that requires multiple filings that isn't complete until you start using the mark. However, all that does is protect the name. The other guy could still make a similar app with a different name. Can you talk a bit more about the structure here? Are you all partners?
Keep in mind those tires don't have much tread on them to begin with. Sport Cup 2's are usually good for 3k miles but the only way you can tell if they are worn is by looking at the wear bars. They basically look worn out from the factory.
There were more ferraris than I've ever seen in one place before.
Me. At last count 8 engines from scratch and 30+ games shipped on them.
Pretty much this. In fact I would go further and say that you need to establish a good long term relationship with an attorney as you will be using one a lot.
I just have to disagree. There are a lot of restrictions and requirements to building in Seattle. If there were less regulations housing would be cheaper to build. I'm quite positive more people would jump into building in Seattle if it were easier.
Yup, because I've lived it.
What a load of crap.
Ya but they got lucky because they are part of the vast jewish conspiracy, see? Just to be clear I'm being sarcastic. As soon as people start bringing up luck you know they are jealous.
I was working and doing things in the same era and it wasn't obvious to me. Having vision about what's coming and having that vision turn out is a powerful thing. There are things happening today that are going to be huge, do you know what they are? Are you working on taking advantage of them? In other words the timing doesn't just come from luck, it comes from vision and experience. There is always something hot in the world to get involved with, you just need to go and find it.
I think you might be surprised when you get a chance to try it.
Mainly because for the vast majority of cases it simply doesn't matter. Stuff is fast enough in most cases. It's only peculiar types of software that care about squeezing the hardware hard.
My advice? Get out of california altogether and move up to Seattle. Lower taxes and cheaper housing.
Nice job! Owning the entire chain and trying to get as close to the customer as possible is a good model.
It looks good to me. It's an older code but it checks out.
Really? You guys think pirates who attack ships and ransom the crew are just misunderstood good guys? Fuck all you all.
Then let me ask you why bother with the degree at all? It sounds like you already have some programming experience. Why not make your own stuff and fill in the areas you are missing? Nobody in games gives a shit about a degree btw, they care about what you can do. This is why digipen is valuable, because you actually make stuff that is effectively a shipping product. Classes more focused on technical techniques are the easy part, working on a team and actually producing something is the hard part.
You will love it. I had a blast driving mine as a daily for five years.
I think you are on the right track.
So your local middle class bank employee who works in the business loan department doesn't exist. Gotcha.
&gt;If you are not a rich person, there is a very good chance you have been getting fucked for decades Do you actually believe this crap that you spout?
Haven't pulled the trigger yet.
I would argue this fails the test as there is a clear class warfare trend going on in mainstream society right now. In other words, people do say this.
Human nature. People want to be fulfilled and keep busy.
Personally I think your wife shows traits of being OCD. Perhaps a bit of counseling would work best here. A neutral party to help you guys manage each others expectations. If she doesn't understand that her requests are outside of normality this could help with that, which could help her compromise.
Even 10 hours per week is pretty crazy. Hire a maid and bring it down to zero.
In other words some of this is your fault for not addressing this earlier. I truly think you guys need to get some outside counseling and your wife needs a mental health eval.
I suppose it depends on how you count the 10 hours, but it seems excessive to me.
That makes sense. Man I loved those fox bodies, that was my dream car as a kid. Eventually I did get a mustang, but not until the schwarzenegger body style...
&gt;He's an idiot. As is everyone that supports idiotic policies like price controls. I mean seriously, PRICE CONTROLS are you kidding me? This is eco 101 stuff.
&gt;No, I don't agree with it for any practical purposes, but hypothetically it could make the world a better place. What it would do is wreak havoc in financial markets. There is a reason we disassociate investors from liability, it's the whole purpose of corporations in the first place. Furthermore you aren't punishing the actor, you are punishing a related party who may just be another victim. So I'm not really sure how it's supposed to make the world a better place.
I must admit that I moved aggressively to buy a new place once I was in a position to do so. We need better zoning and more density in Seattle YESTERDAY so that the price of housing can come down.
&gt; So maybe companies would be less likely to engage in this kind of behaviour if the shareholders were likely to feel the penalty. Why would that be the case though? Most shareholders are not in a position to police the companies they invest in very effectively. How is it fair to punish them instead of the management? What's wrong with simply prosecuting management? Wouldn't it be more effective and more fair?
three sea shells
Not only that but plenty of companies could be completely moved offshore if it came down to it. I would certainly consider moving to Canada if the government decided to confiscate this much property.
It's not a gold sub, it's a two tone sub according to the pics. The price isn't anything special for an older model.
You should really listen to this guy. I know it's hard for you to consider right now but you really need to follow the advice here.
This article is idiocy on display. Taking an annuity would be a huge mistake. It's just absurd on the face of it. There is nothing preventing you from selling the future income stream so taking an annuity doesn't protect you from yourself. You are taking incredible tax risk as you will be paying future tax rates. Does anyone expect those to go down? You are exposed to political risk. I'm not expecting a revolution or anything but politics could screw you over a 30 year term. Your billion is invested in something anyway by them. How diverse is it? Does the risk profile match what you want? That's just scratching the surface, it's just stupid.
That's silly. You have no idea what tax rates are going to do over the next 30 years. You aren't factoring in risk, you are calculating it like it's a guaranteed return.
Are you a rocket wizard? Is there a book or a place on the internet I can learn more about this?
Can't be right. Look around, everyone is dying of starvation. Obviously the rich are to blame. Down with everything!
I'm jealous of people that had better off parents as well. I think I would be a lot further along if I could have a "small" million dollar loan ;)
I never went to college, I was too busy trying to do stuff. I think that part helped me because I have an additional 4 years of experience. Personally I think college is overrated unless you are already rich.
I disagree that this is a good explanation. This is bestof? fuckoff.
Ok, so we plug all of the loopholes. How much does that bring in? The answer is not enough to make a different to anything.
So basically you do a similar move the other direction to balance out your senses? That sounds like a cool technique. I'm learning so much about flying in this thread.
Invite everyone to vegas.
They are scared because idiots are telling them there will be no jobs.
Let me know when we hit the age of automation then ;)
Yes, I accept reality.
That's because it is theorycrafting bullshit. Same crap luddites have been spewing for 200+ years.
I laugh at this. We are so far away from a robot that can do general work it's not even funny.
