From the FB event page... &gt; Hoppy Anniversary to us! Join us as we celebrate our fourth anniversary Friday, June 19 and Saturday, June 20. &gt; We will be giving special commemorative glasses with our Wrecking Bar logo to the first 75 people through the doors Friday and Saturday. Come celebrate the Wrecking Bar Brewpub turning four! &gt; &gt; Beer list coming soon!
I knew I'd end up seeing this here. :)
Tower Piedmont.... &gt; Mexican Cake Update: Come by @TowerATL Piedmont from 8am - 11:45pm Tuesday 6/2 at register 1 to sign up for the lottery.
I understand the premise of your post but the issue here is there is always going to be someone that dislikes something that is popular for one reason or another. Like the aquarium, I love what they have there but it's always been a pain in the ass when I've gone because it's so crowded. I wouldn't skip it if you haven't been yet, but it can be a bitch to navigate.
I had this at BSP and at Three Taverns, IMO it's the best beer 3T has done so far and one of the better IPAs I've ever had. I really, really like this beer. I know everyone's palate is different but I would definitely say give it another shot some time. This is also a great example of how small changes can give you a totally different beer. I'd bet if you didn't know beforehand you'd never guess the only change between this and A Night in Brussels is the yeast.
I was wondering the same thing, I haven't seen/heard anything yet either.
I hope we don't hear of this one showing up in FL/AL/Etc. before GA like we have with the other Reserve releases. After the backlash on the last couple releases I'd have to think it was intentional if it happens again.
99x was the last great radio station I remember in Atlanta. I can't recall any specific song that was my favorite but I enjoyed most of it. I remember hanging out at the Atlanta Beer Garden for Resurrection Sunday. Good times.
I think it's neat to have local breweries included but have to agree that I just don't get the idea at all.
I really look forward to your insightful commentary on ATLbeer. Thanks for not disappointing.
&gt;they don't sell beer at Waho YET
Best. Interview. Ever.
Scott said he's still planning exactly how to do things. They've already got a drink cooler in the tasting room loaded with bombers and a note on it that says "Don't Open Until July 1st", so there's a hint at what we might see. The brewers and GCBG had a conference call yesterday to discuss what the regs say they can do and what they want to do, I imagine we'll hear more soon.
Like looking into a cloudless sky...
What's the preferred method there for heating/boiling?
Plastic fermenters are fine. That little Mr Beer fermentation barrel is actually handy for small, experimental batches. I know people rave about glass / stainless but I have several plastic fermenters and I make damn fine beer.
Looks like you had some replies but they were deleted, not sure if you got your answer. It's their Siberius Maximus imperial stout with vanilla, cocoa nibs and chiles added. Normally they release one keg on the 5th of the month for "Cinco de Siberius" at the brewpub. This is the first time I've seen it at a growler shop.
Had a buddy in from out of town last night and hit Wrecking Bar. Had a killer burger as well as their gose, saison, barrel-aged imperial red, and stout. Also tried Moon River Foras, amazing beer, try it if you get a chance. Sampling my homebrew ESB right now, pretty tasty. Doing the ATLbeer brew day and bottle share tomorrow and it looks like we've got a ton of amazing beers lined up for that.
SA and Koch are beer people to the core. He's a sharp business man but he's all about the community and he wants *everyone* to succeed. I don't think it's as much hate as it is indifference, a lot of self-proclaimed beer geeks don't reach for anything from SA because they want the next, latest, greatest, thing - and Sam Adams is too familiar. That's unfortunate because he's still making some great beers. In addition to helping people out during the hop shortage he also offers business mentoring and he has competitions for up-and-coming businesses to help them with funding. I've got a lot of respect for what they do.
I've bought grain by the bag via my local homebrew shop that they get as part of a large order with a local brewery. Everyone wins there. I'll pay $1.79/lb if I buy in small quantities but can drop that to $0.70/lb if I get a 50 lb bag. Saves me $10-$12 per recipe.
It sure is, I don't know why it doesn't get more hype. The burger itself is great but even the toppings are very high quality and fresh. My buddy saw mine and commented how red and fresh the tomato looked. Definitely a contender for best burger in town for me as well.
I'm going to this.
Although I'm sure there are some folks here that can give you pointers you'll likely get better info over at /r/nycbeer.
Thanks to all those that joined us for the event and huge thanks to Thomas at /u/SHBmarietta for hosting us. The brew day went well, to be honest Thomas did all the work while we drank - just the way I like it. The beer will be ready in about 6 weeks. Those that attended will get one 22 oz bottle each, once it's ready we'll work out logistics. So many amazing beers were shared. Highlights for me were the Wrecking Bar Mexican Siberius Maximus, Trillium Pier, HF Anna, Mexican Cake, Yazoo Deux Rouges, Epic Brainless on Cherries, and FW Velvet Mocha Merlin. **I know there were a lot of other pics taken so if you have some please post them up!**
LOL. /u/brianhewitt. He made sure it stayed in the pics. :)
Figured I'd drop this over here for anyone that hasn't discovered our amazing /r/atlbeer subreddit yet. We do monthly meetups - sometimes at a brewery for a tour/tasting, sometimes at a brewpub, sometimes for a bottle share, and sometimes we get to brew beer. So far we've brewed a batch on the pilot system at Red Brick and this time we brewed at Schoolhouse Beer &amp; Brewing in Marietta. We brewed a big saison that will get brandy-soaked tart cherries added to it. Come check out our sub, join us for a meetup, and if you're in the Marietta area and need beer or homebrew supplies check out Schoolhouse.
I don't brew the same recipes often and since many of my beers aren't "perfect" I tend to tweak them next time I brew them. That said I have a saison I really like and I've brewed it several times with consistent results. I haven't nailed a stout that I like yet, but I've got one in the keg now I think has potential. I also brewed a pumpkin ale last fall that was one of the best I've ever had, we said the real test there would be to see if we could do the same again. We'll find out in a few months!
Yes, I do. However sometimes I don't for one reason or another, never compared the taste between beers I do and don't cold-crash, I'll have to remember that.
Thanks. I do everything you mentioned with the exception of water chemistry so I'll start looking into that.
Thanks. I keg my beer but it's not a sealed transfer, I'll look into that. I buy the hops fresh and then vacuum seal and store in the freezer what I don't use. It looks like the next big thing here for me is to look at water chemistry.
You did try it! That's the reason you stayed later, I found it just as you were leaving and opened it up, even gave you the first pour because I knew you wanted to try it!
/u/rugglesby mentioned on Saturday we should do this, so here it is. I'll also add a link to our Wiki page.
I gotta get some of that Tritonia.
Most of my less hop-forward and lighter beers are better. I'm working on my methods for dark beers, malt bitterness and astringency have been an issue for me. I haven't monitored pH yet, but our club just bought a pH meter to share so I'll start looking into that more. Next brew is a Berliner Weisse. We take a lot of notes but each time I brew I think of something else I should start making notes on, continuously improving that aspect of our brewing. I've got a Mexican Imperial Stout in the keg right now that I think is going to be solid, just needs a bit more time. Also a American famhouse brett that's right at 2 months old, I used WLP670 on that one and I've heard 3-4 months is the sweet spot for it.
Correct. But they do plan to move to Atlanta as soon as they are able, they are looking at locations and brew equipment now.
&gt; Honey Mustard Saison I'm intrigued... but also a bit scared.
If it looks like we can definitely get 20 we'll lock in a date ASAP. As of right now how does 07/18 look for you?
How late do you work on Saturdays?
You're #1! You're #1!
OK, it seems the most popular answers here are, "Eric is dead.", which is quite possible. However, I have seen moths stay on the wall for days at a time and not move but if you blow on them or touch them they fly away, so what's up with that?
I'm experiencing a case of butthurt over this. It's happened with nearly every Reserve release that other states get it before GA and IMO that is unacceptable. I've heard this is the distributor and not Terrapin, and that may be, but whoever it is this needs to get worked out. It's kind of a slap in the face to the locals that support them daily to wait 2 or more weeks after other states for a beer release they hype up in their home market. It really sucks to go on Untappd and see check-ins from MD, PA, AL and I can't even buy the beer yet. I know it's just beer, and it's not like I'm going to lose sleep over this, but I want to support the GA breweries just as much as they want our support, and this isn't the way to do that.
Yes. I think that is the preferred method to check for signs of life.
I know that a brewery can't leave a distributor and if they do they can't get another for a set time, but I don't think it is 5 years. Coors isn't a distributor so I'm not sure where that came from. They have a handful of distributors in GA, in the Atlanta area it's United.
&gt; because their events sucked Where the heck did you get that? I always heard Hotoberfest was one of the best events in Atlanta.
I don't drink it as a beer. Even without the alcohol it is a damn good root beer.
There have been 142 check-ins this month. One guy in PA said he had 6 bottles and would open his first tomorrow. Label approval may be the issue here, and I'm sure everyone would be OK with that if it wasn't for the fact that the same thing has happened with other Reserve releases. AFAIK this hasn't happened with any other GA breweries, so why does it happen so often with Terrapin?
What all do you take notes on during your brewday? I'm working in improving my process and I take a lot of notes as is, trying to see if I'm leaving anything out.
Nice. So we should see it on shelves here in time for Christmas.
The fact they scored a 52 then a 44 on the re-inspection shows they just don't give a shit.
We'll do that once we are sure we can get a group together.
1 or 2. :)
[The owner of Caution Brewing sent a response and they posted that.](https://www.facebook.com/EvilTwinBrewing/posts/931832096859398) He basically said the guy went on a rant and they didn't agree with his opinion. I'm also of the mindset that you can set whatever price you want and people can choose to buy it or not. I can get bombers of Sweetwater Happy Ending for $5-$6 here in GA, which I think is a great value. I do get a bit annoyed seeing similar beers for $15+. However, I know that Sweetwater has grown to the size they have volume on their side to help pricing, and a lot of nano/micro breweries do not. If the $15 beer is one I really want I'll buy it, but I pass a lot of those up.
They do bottle but I'm not sure if they distribute out of GA yet. My favorite from them is Eschaton, quad aged with wine soaked oak. It's a great beer.
Essentially yes, because in order to change distributors they have to leave the market for X years (pretty sure it's 2 years, not positive) which no brewery can do and still stay in business.
I've heard many people recommend the book [The Brewers Association's Guide to Starting Your Own Brewery](http://www.amazon.com/Brewers-Associations-Guide-Starting-Brewery/dp/1938469054/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1434063716&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=Guide+to+Starting+Your+Own+Brewery) as an excellent resource. It's authored by Dick Cantwell, founder of Elysian.
Dinner time'ish. I'm thinking 6-7?
I wondered how that Tunes from the Tombs event was. Your saison sounds really good.
Taproom Coffee in Atlanta follows this concept. http://www.taproomcoffee.com
You hiring?
I was speaking to a local brewer the other day and he said that one of the things he enjoyed most about homebrewing was the social aspect of it. Their homebrew got very popular and on brew days they'd have a garage full of people. He said the popularity is what made him believe they could do it professionally. He said, "So we did, and now come here and brew alone." Not all bad though, they are in a smaller community and have a nice tasting room and they always hang out and chat with people about the beer and brewing. But the day-to-day aspect of brewing the beer is very much a job and not remotely close to how social homebrewing is.
AFAIK the only one before this that was scented was the ~~Cinnamon Roll'd~~ French Toast WnB.
None of those fit my skill set but I am a technical recruiter so if you need help finding candidates for those spots let me know. ;)
Actually that's the one I was thinking of, not CR WnB.
I shot Steve a message when this was posted and he said the 2014 was 100% barrel-aged in 2nd use Buffalo Trace Barrels, is that incorrect?
I'm removing this thread for now. OP has said they aren't able to post any ISOs until much later. I've already let them know they can repost once they get that together. As /u/mateoloco mentioned we don't want this to be an auction, especially if OP is not able to respond to posts of people that are interested in trading.
I think people would eventually figure it out if all the breweries do the same thing, but it's going to be hella confusing if each brewery sets up their system differently.
Right, which gives us and the breweries some flexibility. We don't have to go in and decide right away if we want some beer to take home. We can get the "Tasting Tour" then if we find a beer we like we can get another "Souvenir Tour" to take some home. This is good.
While I agree I don't think Hunah will cause a shit show on its own with the other beers that are on this list I do have to say that it's one of the few I think lives up to the hype.
Figures. I ordered one this morning for $15.99. Oh well, not a huge difference.
The hop compounds react with light and produce sulphuric compounds very similar to skunk spray. However the beer in the bottle is hopped so it is the beer getting skunked, you can't separate the two.
I'm going to go with him on Monday and try to change these stats.
Cool, I didn't know they did that.
I agree, I don't have an issue with a bucket and some ice and a picnic tap. At $700 I don't see the value/benefit in this at all.
The BANDITO is shady as hell, there's no telling where he might show up.
I recently brewed a Mexican Imperial Stout, it's delicious. It's also 410 calories per 12 oz.
I use a program called Beersmith and it calculates the calories based on the recipe.
Not sure if this is your issue but I found out there was one channel my antenna wouldn't pick up because it was UHF only. Might want to see if your antenna is UHF/VHF and see if that applies to Fox.
Good news... no samples at the Midnight event. You'll be able to drive home totally sober, with bottles of BHB. :)
I think this is confirmed based on comments from Molly at The Porter and /u/barrelandzachary, both have said they have the Alpine beers on the way. &gt; The Porter will also have the 6 Alpine Beer sent to GA on draft this Thursday. &gt; Cheers, &gt; Molly I've heard of the beers but don't think I've tried anything from them, the ratings are stellar, I'll have to check them out.
No one likes those people.
Worst of the worst.
...says the 3 month old Redditor. *OMIGOD DAE MISS THE GOOD OLD DAZE!?!??!?!* (March)
My homebrew club did a malt tea tasting on Friday, all base grains. We were surprised how much difference there was between them. We tasted Rahr 2-row and Briess 2-row and they were very noticeably different.
&gt; **Cigar City Brewing** These are premium growlers that cost well more than $50 just to get into our hands. We will have more budget-friendly options, but this is a special occasion with a very good premium growler.
You're assigned one at birth, at least that's how I got mine.
Huh? You're just buying a beer flight.
True, I just imagine most of the people that would show up for this are going because they like those types of beers. Will definitely be interesting to see the results.
Oxygenating is definitely worth it, I noticed a huge difference in my beer after adding this step. Howe are you oxygenating? I recently changed my process after reading an article (in BYO, I think?) about it. I used to turn my regulator up full blast thinking the more O2 the better, this caused a lot of foaming and bubbles. The article stated you want to oxygenate very slowly, ideally not getting any bubbles escaping the top, as that is O2 leaving your beer, and you want it all to stay in the batch. It makes sense now that I think about it, I just didn't think about that before.
I'll second the recommendations for Three Taverns. Might see if you can find a bottle of their Departed Spirit still around. Not local beers but based on what's mentioned he would definitely like La Trappe Quad or Gulden Draak.
I've been brewing for a couple years and have done probably 35 batches, I do from scratch / all-grain. I've got a buddy that always brews with me and we usually have a few more join us, we make it a social thing and usually bottle share as well. It's a good time.
I thought about that as well but I figure if they even got to the point of getting an offer from SC it shows they were looking at options that included leaving GA. It does say in the article that Terrapin wants to stay in GA. Seems to me that Terrapin is operating more as a business first / brewery second now than they have in the past.
A ton of reading/researching, a lot of trial and error, a lot of mediocre to shitty batches of beer. A lot of people get frustrated if they don't make great beer right out of the gate but like anything else it takes time to learn the right things to do. There's a lot of science involved in getting everything to happen at it's best. I think most of my beer is pretty good now, and some of it is really good. I've won a few medals for some of my brews. I just brewed a Mexican Stout that is awesome, a couple friends say it's as good as or better than Mexican Cake, however they may be biased since 1) they're my friends and 2) free beer! :)
I'm totally serious.
I can't find any info on what they are actually doing or where they are stopping. The Atlanta link on their website only has a place to sign up for the email list. The website does mention a Bud Light t-shirt, so I'm guessing most of the beer will be along those lines. For those interested, here is the [Groupon link.](https://www.groupon.com/deals/bacon-and-beer-crawl-by-keep-crawling-9)
It was REALLY bad hail.
I live in GA, on July 1st we'll be able to take home beer directly from a brewery for the first time in recent history. However... the law is written where the breweries cannot directly sell us the beer. We can buy a tour package that comes with a "free souvenir" of up to 72 oz of beer. It sounds ridiculous, because it is, but it is pretty awesome that we'll finally be able to take home beer from the breweries.
Now it's a party.
Seriously. It will be a spectacle in the most glorious way possible.
It's stated in the article that, if the deal were to happen, Terrapin would commit to creating 25 jobs with a median income of $30k over the next 6 years. It also states that Terrapin would agree to invest $12MM on their own for expansion. So for the $1.7MM they agree to provide jobs that will equate to $750k/yr in wages within 6 years. They'll also pay taxes and give benefits to these employees, THAT is what they are doing for their part of the deal - investing in the community through the creation of jobs.
Just Google "how to build a keezer". There are literally hundreds of results.
