Huh. Self-funded? Wow, but distributed by Paramount...
&gt; he used to read Flash comics when he was younger and was a big fan. Nothing I love to see more than this. :) Like Capaldi and Tennant.
A lot
omg wait no I remember. I talked to you already! xD
&gt;"That was a good talk!" &gt;"No it wasn't!" I actually loved that.
Oh man I can't believe I forgot this episode's villain was the Ginger Ninja.
NO TOUCHING!
OP DON'T MOUSE OVER THE SPOILER IN THIS COMMENT, AOS SPOILERS &gt; How was Ultron created Oh damn I just realised they show you [Raina's vision of Loki's staff in the episode before AoU](/spoiler)
It isn't known this time. :(
This is one of the most true comments here
Eh. I still think it's implausible.
[Meanwhile in the Person of Interest writers room next door...](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CGH2Ww0UsAETZWF.jpg)
Lyla is probably the breadwinner of the household. ARGUS work can't be cheap
I am 100% sure he did nothing but work for his people to get that high. He kept his peas out of his rice apparently.
AOS spoilers: [](#s "After S.H.I.E.L.D. disbanded, there was a ship that Fury had orders to destroy, with all the agents on it. Bobbi Morse aka Mockingbird and Agent Gonzales made the call to disobey Fury's orders and they formed a new S.H.I.E.L.D.. Meanwhile, Fury gave Coulson a "toolbox" to work with to help him operate S.H.I.E.L.D. secretly. So that was what Coulson was doing until he found out about the rival S.H.I.E.L.D. faction and they started to spar especially over Skye aka Quake and her powers. In the end, the two factions had to end up joining because of the threat of the Inhumans. Oh. And Coulson and Agent Koenig played by Patton Oswalt were the 'old friends Fury referred to in AoU who gave him the helicarrier.")
IT'S HAPPENING! I reaaaaaally wanna be early for this one because I'm from the same country Jack Warner is from and have a few relevant questions for once
&gt; your brother's step-uncle's neighbor Wouldn't that also be your step uncle's neighbour?
I love this idea because Kate Bishop.
I'd say that's not a coincidence at all, no.
Yeah. I think so too. He committed mass genocide in Hong Kong... why exactly? ...in fact, that's totally not surprising at all. I could see that happening in real life
Well. Now we have [HOUND](http://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/38fdyl/this_is_insane/).
Yo. Note 4?
No. Ugh. Jesus. You missed my point completely. I was trying to say these synopses give me belly laughs like those comedies do.
I loved S3 in general so whatevs, bro
Do you think it was coincidence that the Russians in Daredevil were named Vladimir and Anatoly? Lol. But seriously. Gotta see Anatoly come back to Arrow. And we most likely will, since the next thing we'll see is probably Oliver join the Russian mob.
Chalk up Rochev being there to Early Installment Weirdness. There was also a name on the list that ended up being a metahuman in Central City.
They're using 4chan and Tumblr and complaining when they find content stolen from Reddit.
Or an episode of a procedural show... WHOA, IS BARRY ON THE PLANE?
yes
&gt;Don't like But yeah that scene was great and everyone in the theatre laughed when he made that self-assuring face like "yeah. I'm badass"
Pity upvote. :P
Someone posted in /r/Arrow (or /r/flashtv) that Jaden was cast as Static Shock and literally all the article said was that Tyler James Williams (who is awesome btw) said Jaden might make a good Static. But people didn't read the article and started freaking out anyway
Nope. Hayley is older. By about 2 months lol EDIT: I'm an idiot
Eh. Tried to make a bad joke. He's the uncle of the [Hobgoblin](/spoiler). And he's a character we know is gonna stay dead. Oh well.
Ugh. I know you aren't trying to be rude or offensive, but that was rude/offensive. You should work on that.
Wow, we'd have almost all the likeable characters involved in the political story on one side.
We're not gonna miss you, lol
I was born via C section (suck it, Macbeth) and I am extremely close to my mom. No way was it done because of any kind of ulterior motive. I guess maybe they showed it that way because they didn't really want to humanize her mom and I understand why.
Wow, I never thought of comparing them and scoffed when OP said they have a similar look but this... wow
&gt; he acknowledges it in his current tweets ....how
It's a beautiful name, yes!
She's 16.
No, that would still be cool.
Can you PM what it is?
I had to Google that.
So no Don Cheadle?
Eh. That's pretty risky honestly. I think Sun is gonna get out of prison via some kind of legit means. Maybe nearer the end of Season 2.
Lito's story was basically a Mexican action film, Kala's was a Bollywood love story, Capheus' was a Kenyan action film, Will and Nomi were basically in a conspiracy movie. Like you said, Sun is straight out of LMN just with a different setting. Wolfgang was in a mafia movie... in Germany. In the end, Riley's story is the hardest to define.
Oh God if this guy does an AMA for... Expendables 4 (?) he is so screwed
They have good shows
Yeah, it's all different stuff I guess. Makes no sense to compare
Okay continue to be bitter and I'll continue to enjoy a fandom.
It's actually okay. It's a double. It looks nothing like her. I thought it might be a double, since the actress is an actual Bollywood actress and doing a nude scene like that can cause controversy she doesn't need for her career. I know I'm getting downvoted but guys. She's like a sister to me. 😭
Kala is absolutely gorgeous and she's the purest and most innocent character on the show. That's always something I tend to love in characters. Capheus has some of that too.
*Frank Underwood voice* Power.
Statham wasn't in that scene, so I guess that's his justification for that.
[I didn't know Chris Tucker Live was an MCU installment!](http://puu.sh/ik73i/e09a2e388a.jpg)
&gt; Cameo from David Tennant's Purple Man Well we are yet to see the events of Jessica Jones. Who knows, he might die.
HELL YES
Meh. I didn't hate it. Honestly. Also they can still make it work.
VERY WRONG. VERY!!!!!!!
Ugh. There's a difference.
HAH. Yeah. :P But in all seriousness, it was a fantastic arc. And her dad is cool. :)
These are real?!?!?!! Amazing! :D
It wouldn't be the first time. We're sensitive because people think they're inferior.
True that, my man
I kinda meant Nomi's mom
They told me. It was the bus turning and slamming into the bike and the airbrushed Van Damme 'kicking'the Superpower guy off the bike
Too soon.
OH SHIT. MY LIFE IS A LIE. Oh holy crap. Time to download Safari.
Still... That doesn't give him the excuse. He's pretty much a monster to me but he can be redeemed.
I always forget how entertaining that episode was. People always cite it when hating on Gatiss and, while it's probably his weakest, it's still pretty fun! I'm starting to appreciate Series 2 in general a lot more.
Terrific
Ugh. Absolutely. It's like they forgot to give her any redeeming qualities. Like we see flashbacks with Alex, Healy, Pennstatucky, Red and other characters we were supposed to hate and we suddenly began sympathising. Cindy's flashbacks just made me like her less.
But this stemmed from the show
ahhhh okay. I just don't think he'd disappear and go on the run like that
The other guy is me. And I actually think the version he used is better. I think the mods of this sub shouldn't use the tags that you see in the sidebar (that I used) and implement the ones that /r/marvelstudios, /r/FlashTV, etc. use
Why would you want to go there? The FPH people are going there.
So... How are they going to afford Barry?
truth
Wow that's actually a really lovely way to be introduced into the faith. For curiosity, why didn't you tell your parents though? Didn't want to burden them?
I think the low budget feel of it was great. I loved the scene.
That's definitely it. Source: Am Naps boy.
I remember something on Daily Show
ok, fam
Yeah it's true. Still pushed a child out of a window though. That said. I love him and he's one of my favourites on the show
I can't believe I'm saying this but the methheads are pretty great in this episode
No. They warn you at the top of the page
http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/WhatKindOfLamePowerIsHeartAnyway
Don't worry, Stick is going to train her. Heard the dude's like 99.
This needs to be it's own post.
I think this was the first death on the show that truly topped that
Oh Jesus Christ. Wait, does this mean Shona doesn't get to finish her Game of Thrones marathon? :'(
God, I really thought this was gonna happen. And now Arya is probably Matt Murdock'd up, Jon is probably dead and life sucks
Nice that he and Polly got a good thing going though. That's nice.
&amp;#3232;_&amp;#3232; Oh my gosh, well that's awful
I know that. But I still felt sorry for her. In fact I take it back. Nobody deserves that.
That said, there's still a lot in common between the two characters I think. I hope some day, there's a Netflix Original crossover special or short or something (non-canon) where Matt Murdock is the lawyer of one of the inmates and Frank visits Litchfield.
Have you seen the series?
That dude was probably the only major guy in her life who ever treated her with some dignity...
