I got an hour and a half of sleep last night. I'm not sure if I want to die or if I want everyone else to die, but one of those things.
Can we pause for a moment to recognize how dynamite the acting is in this gif. Cry/smiling is hard to pull off when it's genuine, let alone when it's simulated.
Yep, I would think so.
Times of year I am typically this excited: Start of football season Beating UGA in anything
Yeah, I'm actually cool with them keeping the Skyrim engine. Modders are comfortable with it, should make for an explosive mod arena in the months after release.
Who gives a shit about graphics? Companies dumping all their dev budget into pretty images is what's killing games. Spend it on writing and area design and etc, you get a better game. Besides which, plenty of people enjoyed 3, so I guess what I'm saying is you're entitled to your opinion but also shut up?
USS Constitution.
I was making a joke, man. Don't read so much into it.
Yeah, the sign actually looks like it says "bank," so I dunno what's up there. Guessing this was either constructed as a drydock or something happened (rocket test?) that literally blew it out of the water.
If you ever get the chance to drive around Vegas after playing NV, definitely do so. The strip/city itself isn't too accurate - the real world streets are wider, buildings taller and more densely packed, but the area around Vegas is actually remarkably well displayed in the game - Primm, the location of Boulder Springs, the Dam, the general geography. Was a fun trip for a nerd like me.
*yet
Because comedians are a really valid and valuable source for backing up an argument.
Send the PCs on a quest for the Lost Orb of Phanastacoria, see how they like it.
Fitting then, that Honest Hearts is one of my favorite experiences in that game. I feel it was woefully underrated by most.
Oh! You're totally right, I misread. Well then, maybe I just have bad taste. HH was great though. OWB was better, but I still like wandering about the HH terrain/interacting with the tribes.
Similarly, folks that act like hallucinogens are the gateway to god/brilliance/etc.
This comment made my skin crawl.
Are you talking about the shirt guy? The European one? In no way affiliated with NASA? Or is there some other thing?
Surely they are the ones that downvoted Sporkicide to negative 2500 and everybody in this comment thread to 40+
Could we not have this circlejerk in here, maybe?
I'm guessing the fire would have assisted in operating a boiler, which would power a steam-driven robot.
Where's my "are you fucking kidding me" gif... I know I left it here somewhere.
* Boners of Boston * Manbits of Massachusetts
&gt;Use item Jump Loading Loading Loading Loading Loading Loading Loading Loading Loading Loading Loading Loading Loading Loading Equip Amulet of Slowfall Use Item Land safely in Ald'Ruhn For real, though, despite how poorly Morrowind handled this kind of rapid overland movement (due to tech limitations), it really made the game more fun. It's a shame the more modern TES games haven't followed suit.
If the Midwestern Brotherhood is in the game and Tactics becomes more than fringe canon, NMA is going to *flip the fuck out and it's going to be hilarious*.
Given that we have no idea if pre-orders will come back up, if it doesn't get resolved I'll happily buy that second copy off of you ;)
I'm still hoping (well, ok, "hoping") that Boners of Boston catches on.
^nothing ^at ^all ^^nothing ^^at ^^all
Agree. I just start to feel bad for the kids on the field past a point.
[How can you read this and not love the band](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stanford_Band#Controversial_actions_by_the_band)?
What's wrong with Erin?
Oh fitzy
What? We had a rough year, but if you think we're worse than maybe 16-17, you're deluded.
And now I can begin drinking for reasons that don't involve football. See you beautiful bastards in a few months.
sweet woof woof
what
Pathfinder zombie apocalypse. Actually got off to a really good start, but for a variety of real world reasons it failed. I don't want to get into too many details unless people are really interested, but I was super pumped for it and I still regret it never happening.
I mean listen, as a Bills fan I'm of course obligated to hate them because of the '90s, but right now it's more of a Greg Hardy/Jerry Jones hate, to be honest with you.
I don't think Hollywood is gonna go for it, too risky.
Probably Rodak. \#fuckRodak edit: oh analysts, not reporters. whatever, fuck rodak anyway
As far as I'm concerned, this settlement is useless until some mod or patch reduces the frequency of fucking bugs spawning in the area. Nothing like fast traveling to the boathouse and immediately having some asshole settler draw fifteen bloodbugs down on your ass.
You can't even make this shit up.
Bel Air Bills? Shit only if we get to dress up in Fresh Prince themed clothes basically 24/7.
Yes. While OP can probably get around this by shooting a Vine with her spouse, there's a lot of other "I have a two because my mom jerked off Kevin Bacon" style comments that don't count.
Hahaha, yes please and thank you.
Oh God, I get chills just thinking about how awful that combination is.
This has happened to me before as well, and it is indeed scary as hell. The last time it happened (and the last time it will happen, it's hotels or rest stop naps for me from now until forever), I woke up the next morning to discover that the gate to my apartment complex had been driven through and destroyed, and I had *no idea if it was me that did it*. Turns out it was some idiot getting cocky with a moving van, but to just *not remember* bits of my driving a 4 wheeled death machine was a bit terrifying.
Automocars.
Rudy was offsides!
Similarly, my chin beard hair (between jawline and lower lip) is all fucking blonde for some reason. Rest of my beard? Reddish brown. So it looks like I have this giant empty patch, when actually there's hair there but you can't *see* it. I guess I don't really need makeup, but rather beard dye, but where the fuck do you get hair dye for men? It's all targeted at old balding dudes.
All the main PCs teaming up is probably my top desire, that would be humorously good fun. Also romancing scout Harding what the fuck she is so great whyyyy
That or he was so used to throwing to our colors that it was just a reflex.
Jesus Browns, don't do this to yourself.
Apparently it's still too soon for the Jets fans to laugh at this.
Says a fan of one of the handful of teams in triple digit fans.
Yessss! Except I'm awful at DST. I always end up burning something down accidentally, or getting everybody mauled by a walrus.
It's totally understandable. /r/nfl is already fucking overrun with posts, imagine if you added on 33% more "ugh my fantasy league" also I just noticed this post is 23 days old, but whatever I'm responding to you anyways because my season is done and I have nothing to live for.
You've got a lower bar for fantastic than I do, then. Some of the stories were decent, a couple individual books were even *good*, but I can't think of a single EU story I'd describe as *fantastic*.
So it's really more a metaphor for Texas' season.
or should that be MVT
something something four simultaneous days something something time cube something something educated stupid
Pizza. The question is, does it create a pizza, or does it turn whatever I shoot into pizza? Because it it fires pizzas, that's awesome, but if whatever it fires at turns *into* a pizza that's horrifying.
It went down in flames. I've been single for 6, actually 7 years this July, because her emotionally (and eventually and finally) physically cheating on me, as well as losing the friends we'd made together to her side of the breakup, left me emotionally isolated and depressed, and I've never really shaken it off. I have trouble trusting people emotionally, I find it hard to talk to women flirtatiously because I'm terrified of being hurt again, I have enormous self-esteem issues, and so I'm just romantically on auto-pilot, doing nothing and getting nowhere. Thank you for asking though. Seven years and you're the first person to inquire. I could probably talk about it more, but, well, I don't want to punish you for asking ;)
I'd like to imagine that the tech is still in its infancy, so instead of being able to choose toppings, there's just a dial that goes from "White Pizza" to "Hawaiian Pizza." So the left is the cheese spectrum (no sauce, regular cheese, extra cheese, six cheese, etc), the center is the regular toppings section (starting with veggie pizzas, slowly transitioning into meat/veggie combos, and then just your pepperoni/sausage/etc pizzas), and then the right side of the dial gets you more esoteric shit like sriracha pizzas and pineapple pizzas. So using it is as much an art as a science. Like you could try for a bacon/green peppers/grilled chicken pizza but nudge the dial just too far and end up with green peppers/red peppers/sausage.
Is this a Comedians in Cars reference?
Damn, A+. Just watched that episode last night.
Ha! Single, hairy male. A bit overweight, but slowly making that not true anymore. Not going to go out a lot, but really enjoys being around people. Probably going to push for some outwardly normal but secretly nerdy reference for children's names in some hypothetical future. Shallow as fuck.
whoa
Wearing a trenchcoat, smelling just a little bit weird, not smiling.
I'm glad you didn't go spaghetti/7, I think one comment can only contain so many memes.
Same.
Well fuck
Finally got around to watching Master of None the past couple days. Good show, but now I'm depressed as fuck. What the hell Aziz?
Everybody that eats it gets brain parasites that make them think the food was good.
Oh God a pho large is like an anything else "for two". Respect and envy from me to you.
Yes yes feed my jealousy, it will only make me quit my job faster.
Awesome, thanks for the recommends. I've been listening to Simmons (of course), but after grantland shuttered he's basically been the only one. Well, and Katie Nolan, but that's more humor + sports, so
I remember really enjoying the Kessen games (1-3) but I dunno how well they've aged. Legend of Dragoon and FF IX are also great; they're both PS1, but since PS2s were all (i think) backwards compatible they are still perfectly playable. You'll wanna search for a capture card. I'm pretty sure you can find ones that have RCA and HDMI hookups, and the other end will be a USB (or maybe an HDMI) that you plug into your computer. They're pretty cheap on the low end, like idk 40$ or so. If you're just getting started streaming, I'd probably hold off on anything more ridiculously expensive.
Yeah but 1-0 against people freezing, starving, and fleeing other threats, so he's basically the Packers.
&gt; white knight Might be the first time I've been called that and not felt like it was an insult in... ever?
son of a **BITCH** fuck it I'm joining the Institute. Kill 'em all.
If I could get all the VAs from the Mass Effect companions, that would be quite nice. Have an alpha squad consisting of the twins Mark and Jennifer Shepard, Gerry Vakarian, etc
Read that as X-Men Apocalypse and got excited for some kind of XCom X Men crossover. Now I'm sad that I'll never see Wolverine slicing up Sectopods.
If I ever desperately need post karma in a hurry, I know what to do now.
Still active: http://leekspin.com/
Hah, God I remember this, living on campus at the time. Ah to be young and doing stupid shit.
That's the glory of it, it never has to.
┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ) ┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ) ┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ) ┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ) ┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ) ┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ) ┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ) ┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ) ┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ) ┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ) ┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ) ┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ) ┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ) ┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ) ┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ) ┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ) ┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ) ┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ) ┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ) ┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ) ┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ) ┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ) ┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ) ┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ) ┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ) ┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ) ┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ) ┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ) ┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ) ┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ) ┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ) ┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ) ┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ) ┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ) ┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ) ┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ) ┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ) ┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ) ┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ) ┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ) ┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ) ┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ) ┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ) ┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ) ┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ) ┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ) ┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ) ┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ) ┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ) ┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ) ┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ) ┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ) ┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ) ┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ) Alright I've put back all this thread's tables, now chill.
It wasn't any one sentence, but a semester in a human studies course in college finally got it through my head that other people were as complex as I was. Before I was a pretty selfish, pro-free market, libertarian, sink-or-swim kinda guy. I had to change after that. I care more about justice and equality now, I think for the better. e: lol, of course this wouldn't be a popular sentiment on a default sub. Empathy is not a bad thing to have! Your bitter downvotes are wasted on me
Houston's punter looks like he just got off somebody's couch somewhere. Like he's headed back to a bowl of Doritos on the sideline.
Damn when's that show coming back? Can't fuckin get enough of New Girl for some incomprehensible reason.
This post menaces with spikes of rhesus macaque leather. This post is encircled with bands of willow wood. On the post is an image of a dwarf and dwarves in obsidian. The dwarf is presenting cheese to the dwarves.
aaaaaaaa
That's pretty plainly not true. They've never been consistently great, but he has had at least one season with a top 10 Defense, and a couple in the teens. Yeah, his average is like 21st, but if you're picking up the 28th and moving it to the 21st, that's still fairly impressive.
Oh God *dammit*
So what I'm hearing is that I'm never working out ever again? Thanks for giving me an out on the New Years Resolution I guess.
Well fucking everybody is sick at work, so I'm functionally here by myself, but of course I've got the immune system of a lesser divine being, so no fucking sick days for me! /grumble grumble only upside is that I can sit here and cruise reddit and not^give^a^fuuuuuuu^uuuuuck
I wouldn't worry about 'supposed to happen.' If you don't want that thing to come to pass, don't let it come to pass.
'cept Football. ^^^^^PAAAAAWWWWWWWWWWWLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL
God how in the fuck are you supposed to dress for work but also dress warmly? Sitting here in a button up shirt that's like eight microns thick freezing my poor useless nipples off. Doesn't help that building management is apparently allergic to running the heater.
