I'm gonna get downvoted to fuck for this: But Breaking Bad. All of that ridiculous, nonsensical shit about the ricin cigarette completely ruined that show for me. The plot surrounding it wasn't clever. It was overly convoluted, and felt like an extremely contrived reason to bring friction into the relationship of the two main characters. I mean, honestly. Write down the ricin cigarette plot in bullet points and tell me it doesn't sound outright retarded.
Any change on conductivity triggers the safey device. You can't cut *wet wood* with it, because it will trigger. Sweat. Water. Bugs. Anything. All of that shit will trigger this device.
Yes. Actually. You just defined what an accident *is*. There are no 'unavoidable accidents'. I know every single accident that happened at the saw mill where I work, and every single fucking one of them can be traced back to people doing unsafe shit or not being told how to do something *properly*. If you use a saw properly, *your fingers will not touch the blade*. If that blade is ever spinning, and your finger touches it, *YOU FUCKED UP*. Unless that blade is literally jumping up out of the machine, *you are at fault*. Fuck, if someone *pushes you into the saw* that is still an accident, and was still avoidable! What world do you live in?
I have thought of an unavoidable accident in the meantime. The benching saw where we worked was open at the top, with a 'blade' at the back, to make sure the wood split open for the guy on the other side to grab and pull it through. It keeps the wood straight. Anyway, wood can, in specific cases, get caught on the *back* of the saw, and get flung forwards at the bencher. I've seen it happen. Thankfully, the bencher saw the wood was cracked and got the fuck out of the way once it started moving through the saw. But it spat a heavy-as-fuck jagged piece of wood a good 5-6 metres out over the floor. Not fatal, sure, but it could have broken bones and given nasty cuts. And there was nothing really you could do to avoid that accident except anticipate it. But that still doesn't involve someone touching the saw. I cannot for the life of me think of a single instance where a finger touches a saw that is avoidable by *simple* safety measures and proper technique. *Maybe* if you're shaving a small amount off the side of a piece of wood. But even then, why aren't you using a fucking wooden wedge to push the rest of the wood through the saw, therefor saving your fingers? Ugh.
That is definitely one place I can see this working.
tl;dw: I spent five minutes in what was clearly a laggy server and uninstalled the game.
In the versions that weren't censored for moral panic, you could murder children. *That* evil.
I'm predicting about... maybe -50. maybe even -100. Unless you chicken the fuck out, /u/MikeVick2015, and delete your comment.
As someone in the outback, all I can think is... Why the fuck isn't that horse gelded?
Lag. Lag in videogames makes me fucking wild. I don't mind if someone is better than me, but as an Australian living in the middle of nowhere with some of the worst internet infrastructure you've ever fucking seen, losing the majority of the time due to latency and lag issues makes me froth at the mouth and scream obscenities at my tv that most other people keep to themselves or yell out of car windows.
Oh, those poor, poor people. What must it be like to have all your personally identifying information in the hands of people who shouldn't have it in the first place?
Probably a test question. The way you answer that can inform the previous answers. For instance, if you masturbated at work and then you go 'wtf no' and it's obviously a lie, the polygraph would show that. The polygraph test is not a 'yes/no' lightshow or something. It's just a collection of data. Sometimes, they need to ask you something completely out of left field to know how you react under the pressure of lying, so they can compare it to other tests. There are probably questions like that on every polygraph test.
Just about the only person in the world to fully inhale a plastic dart and survive. Go me.
This.
Number 1 isn't really super attractive. Too flat. But I'd sure pick it over the last frame. I don't understand the fascination with tits. They're just.... there.
Jesus. If that's true, how did you survive? Swallowing a battery is no fucking joke.
Hello? Netflix? Why do you have the same episodde listed twice? It's a re-run sir. You don't need to do fucking re-runs. The old episode is still there! We need to do this sir. How will other people ever find the episode if we don't post it several times over? By LOOKING for it? We think people are too stupid to do that and too stupid to notice. We're gonna keep re-uploading the same episode under slightly different names. Good day, and thanks for the karma.
Yes. And I would hate myself for every fucking second afterwards.
Pluto has moons? I thought pluto was already a planetoid or someshit. *edit* And after some research, apparently it has four moons. I was told none of this in school.
Absolute fucking scum. I think the userbase of that sub should be made aware of what kind of fucking idiotry it's run by.
Mining - still fucked by collectors not working if you use more than one. Bounty hunting - still fucked by no enemies spawning. Missions - still fucked by bounty board bug Exploration data - probably still fucked by the bug that causes your save game to become corrupted. So, in total, we have a patch that didn't really fix any of the problems with four of the five only ways to earn money. Cool.
Use six. You'll see. The collectors, at least for me, CONSTANTLY fucking bug out. The main one is that they all go for the same target. I've literally had a second collector pop out of my ship and take the fucking item a collector is ALREADY bringing to me. And then there's the collectors that come back, and expire immediately after a single run. But mainly, it's when they fucking form a snail trail all following one collector. You've got one collector actually grabbing things, and *FIVE OF THE FUCKING THINGS* following after it doing exactly nothing. And the only way to fix them is to blow them up by turning off your collector system. Watch your collector on radar next time you're mining. You'll start to notice it. My clipper has 130-ish cargo. I went out with 70 drones and with all the fucking bugging out, I managed to mine a grand total of like 20 tons. If they didn't bug out, it would be *amazing*. I would actually enjoy mining.
nah, I'm down to using two and they do the same thing. Both will travel at the same fragments, one will grab it, the other will follow. They return. Rinse, repeat.
Very handsome.
I don't mine at RES sites specifically because of pirates. I went there llooking for pirates to kill. Found nothing. Went back there to do mining, and lo and behold, a wing of three cunt MK3's started shooting up my mining rig. So I warped out, came back in, and a fucking *anaconda* crept up behind me like I didn't fucking see him lurking back there. As he scanned me, I lowered my weapons and started to bail (Can't catch a clipper, bitch!) but he just said 'uhhh, by the looks of you, I'm just gonna move on' and left. Never saw another pirate all my mining time. Pre-patch, mining was *impossible* because you would be constantly molested by pirates.
As someone *in a relationship with a trans person*, I think I can most adequately say this: Why are so many trans people whiny goddamn cunts? Why do they have this giant fucking chip on their shoulder and feel that they're competing in the 'I'm oppressed' olympics because they have an affliction? I've got ADHD. Does that give me the right to be a cunt to anyone that isn't ADHD? Do I get to ban people who post in subs like /r/multitasking? That mod needs to get the chip off his shoulder, and use it to build a bridge and get the fuck OVER himself. What a goddamn piece of shit.
any time I read something as retarded as 'cissexist' all I hear in my head is 'HURRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR DURRRRRRRRRR' People who unironically use that phrase are morons.
When you make up words to suit your agenda, they can mean whatever the fuck you want. Doesn't mean we won't sit there and laugh at how retarded they are.
I wonder what the cross section of people who read reddit, and people who drink camel urine, is.
I completely agree with him about the 'play through the pain' thing. Pain is your body's way of telling you something is wrong. Ignoring that is a bad fucking idea. I have a fucked wrist to this day, from *years ago*, because I decided to ignore pain and continue working. Several years and two operations later, and they can't fix it. They basically just told me to live with it. So I have a gimpy wrist *for the rest of my fucking life*. The rest of it, however, is complete hogwash.
Not to mention he'll fuck mothers from around the world. Or at least scream that he does.
The stairwell of a hospital. The back of a greyhound bus.
I was gonna say 'absolutely none' but there is one song... It's not even a sad song. [Penny Arcade - Roy Orbison](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FvqdEopJ2SI) It was a song my grandmother really, really liked. She played it all the time, and I remember it vividly from my childhood, even though I haven't heard it in near a decade. It was the song they played when we carried her casket out of the church.
Before you go reaching for google: River Tam - Serenity
&gt;We're aware of a tool, for example, which automates combat logging for players near death. Anyone who uses something like this should be banned from playing the game. Period. What absolute fucking scum.
That's what I mean though. It adds no 'new' functionality except the toggle itself. The buttons are all already there. The two hopper buttons you push to empty the hopper when it's full. All we need is a toggle that pushes them when they're full. Maybe a logic gate or w/e you call it for if it's been pressed a few times already so it doesn't bug out and try pressing it a billion times a second and blow your computer up, and we're all good!
They could probably scum around that a bit by saying that they still have the game, have access to the game, can do whatever they want with it as per UK consumer laws. They're just not welcome on Frontier's servers any more...
If you're mining in a pristine ring with three or four collection drones, you have to go back and forth between your refinery screen every few seconds and babysit it to make sure your drones actually do what you want them to do. It's just a chore part of mining that doesn't need to be there.
Amy's Bakery.
Amy couldn't take *meta* criticism. 'It's obvious you can't take criticism' made her go off her fucking rocker. I was offering an example of someone who can't handle criticism in the slightest.
That'll show him!
Nobody really wants to support pro-censorship reddit at this point. So I might as well just shitpost. P.S. the top comments are sometimes replies to original posts. Why are you oppressing comment replies by not gilding them?
When you make peaceful posting impossible, you make rampant shitposting inevitable.
Do you defend them using that as a smokescreen to ban /r/neogafinaction ? What about the other 'fatpeoplehate' subs with no posts open for months before today, that are suddenly banned as well?
The grey wizard has fallen :(
Black wizard? Fuck. I haven't watched those movies in too long. Gandalf was grey and then white and saruman was ech.
If they operate like the mob, we should treat them like the mob. Anyone got a baseball bat? We should start breaking some legs.
From what I heard, so was FPH. They did everything possible to avoid getting banned.
I saw a screenshot of their 'rule breaking'. They had a picture of an (obese) imgur moderator/admin whatever, and that was it. Just a picture in the sidebar. And their entire subreddit got nuked because that's 'harassment'. Not to mention the neogaf subreddit bans that have no reason whatsoever. There's a very real possibility that KiA will be get banned. Personally, I hope they do. It'll be fun watching reddit die.
Swapping up to my clipper was hilarious. Seeing pirates in RES zones just back the fuck off after they scanned me. I had an *ANACONDA* sidle up behind me and scan me. I had my weapons swapped over, and was already targeting his power plant when he said 'uhhh, I'm just gonna leave you alone' and ran away.
I thin shadowbans in that thread wouldn't have been over the limit. I read a bunch of them. There was some very not-nice shit. As much as I don't like Pao and what she's doing to reddit, I respect her for no shadowbanning those people. Directly calling the ceo a 'stupid cunt' and such things does not go over well with anyone. They basically used it as a thread to bash her. And not in a 'hah, look how out of touch she is', more of a 'look at this stupid cunt, everyone. She can't even fucking use her own website. I hope you die'. That type of behavior should not be tolerated anywhere.
If you spent a hundred million on a sidewinder, it's not 'free'.
Wow dude. That argument's so stupid I'm not even going to respond with it. Here's a tip: Strawmen arguments don't make you smart. They make you fucking stupid.
On reddit. In every single fucking sub frequented by more than a dozen people.
I think it's time that all of reddit knows about what kind of fucking bullshit decisions are being made in its running. Voat when? Fuck this place already.
Stargate SG1. Fuck I miss that series. I'd even take Atlantis. Rodney, Ronan, Tayla? They were all awesome. The leads were kind generic though. Felt like they were written as the same character, honestly. After o'neill, they sort of just wrote the same character into two different series.
You know, as someone who doesn't really believe in gun control, people like this make me reconsider.
Welcome to the censorship and narrative war. We didn't start it, but we sure as fuck will finish it.
Yeah, the docking computer sucks on the clipper. As do the fucking collection drones. Ugh. The collection drones fly like fifty metres below you before zooming directly up at your underside. It makes them take an extra 3-4 seconds per run. And that adds up big-time in the long run. And during docking, it flies you directly into the mouth of the station belly-first for some stupid fucking reason. It's done this to me like three or four times now and I've just stopped equipping it on my clipper.
Dear ghazi: Even the moderates of the internet consider you extremist fuckwits. Give it up. You all suck. Not to mention you operate from a subreddit predicated on a narrative you all *know* to be false. We have all the evidence. We have all the facts. You have nothing but bitching and false cries of 'harassment' that even your most brainwashed members can't link to gamergate without mental gymnastics and leaps of logic that would make EVIL KNIEVAL think twice. How can you sit in your literal echo chamber and even pretend you're correct when your only way of countering dissenting opinions is to literally remove them? And all of this *while* harassing people and individuals who don't agree with you. How can any of you justify any sense of moral outrage over *anything* when you run a subreddit so wonderfully fucking stupid, and rife with hypocrisy?
But u guiz were banning behaviorz not ideaz!!!11!!!
I ask myself: would I pay for a battlefield: Star wars DLC? The answer is yes.
Amazing how things work. This prompted me to actually go look up how a tumbler lock works (and how to open one!). I'm probably on a list now.
'Even with'? More like 'aided by'.
It's so much better with visuals. The way he pauses and gives the crowd that look like 'yeah, I just spelled it out, holy shit, it's happening, you KNOW what word I'm talking about!' And the fact that he can play the piano like a fucking DEMON really is just a fucking quirk of fate. How he never got really big, I don't know.
http://codes.lp.findlaw.com/decode/11/5/II/770 I'm not defending the guy, but there are a lot of different ways you can be charged with 'rape of the fourth degree'. Including consensual sex with a 16 year old. It's statutory rape, but because he's over 30, it's 'rape in the fourth degree'. We don't even know if any rape (in the sense that it was non-consensual) even happened. But hey. Plaster his name all over the news. &gt;The boy and Coogan texted each other and agreed to have a sex on March 19, court documents said. From another article on the same story. It was consensual, and he's still scum for wanting to fuck an underage kid. But can we please not pretend like he lured the *post-pubescent* boy into his home and held him down and raped him?
Dear courts Please fuck them in the ass Sincerely, Everyone
I wasn't actively sucking dev dick when I posted, so got downvoted. This is one of the worst subs on reddit, I swear. All I can suggest is that you try both private group, and open. Also, try two private groups, one started by you, one by your friend.
$700,000 worth of social life ^^^sob
Have you ever actually put something 'low fat' in your mouth before? that tells you everything you need to know. It's like having 'coke' and 'diet coke'. Why is there regular coke if diet coke is exactly the same? Because diet coke tastes like ass is why. And you wouldn't drink it if you weren't on a diet.
Because in some places in America, men can be charged with rape because a woman raped him while he was blackout drunk and he didn't ask for her consent while she was raping him. That's pretty much why.
Ha! About time something beat that garbage. Candy crush is the gaming equivalent of click-bait with the majority of the articles hidden behind a fucking paywall.
Why the fuck would you go shooting up a church?
I'm glad I'm not the only one!
I could never be a police officer. Imagine that kind of shit just being part of your fucking day. Once they were done at that crash site, that officer holding the child had to go do fucking paperwork. How could you possibly get on with your day after distracting a newly-orphaned little boy/girl from the sight of their dead parents a handful of metres away? Fuck. That.
They're going to be literally punching and kicking the fuck out of each other. Do you really think a woman would not wear a bra in that circumstance? Jesus, they'd probably superglue them together or something.
It's more efficient to move with wheels. Legs require more energy and more torque to move, than it takes to spin a wheel. Furthermore, it's more complicated. When sending things to other planets, 'K.I.S.S.' is king. Keep it simple, stupid. The less moving parts, the less chance there is for something to break. Moving joints are a lot more prone to things like dust affecting them and whatnot, than a sealed driveshaft for a set of wheels. You simply can't rely on newer technology that isn't as sturdy because if it breaks, it's *broken*. You can't zip down to radio shack and buy some replacement parts. *edit* derped up a sentence there
My sister related a story to me. She was with a friend, and she said she was turning 21 soon. The friend asked how old I was, and my sister said 22. Her friend then asked 'huh... has he always been older than you?' followed by '...that's the dumbest thing I've ever said.'
I think 'justice' would be to strap this guy to a chair, put a pistol with a single round in it on a table in front of him, and then leave each widow, each husband, each person who lost a family member, in there with him alone, for five minutes each. Complete amnesty included. Maybe they'll just kneecap him. Or maybe they'd take him the fuck out. That would be 'justice' in my eyes.
Whole lot of people in the imgur comments who have never been into a fight. 'Why do they take off their shirts?!' If you've ever been in an actual fight, it's obvious.
What the did you just say about me, you little bitch? I’ll have you know I graduated top of my class in English, and I’ve been involved in numerous secret raids on l33t sp34k, and I have over 30,000 confirmed corrections. I am trained in classical writing and I’m the top author in the entire US forces of penmanship. You are nothing to me but just another typo. I will wipe you the out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, . As we speak I am contacting my secret network of grammar nazis across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You’re dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can correct you in over seven hundred ways, and that’s just with my keyboard. Not only am I extensively trained in penmanship, but I have access to the entire webster's online dictionary and numerous thesauruses and I will use them to their full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little “clever” comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your tongue. But you couldn’t, you didn’t, and now you’re paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. You’re dead, kiddo.
Exactly. A shirt is something for your opponent to grab. They can just grab your shirt, lean back, and use their bodyweight to literally throw you around. And it sucks because the mouth of a shirt is around your fucking neck. It's really hard to grab a handful of person and yank them around, but really, really easy to grab a handful of shirt and do the same.
This is why taking off the shirt is a preliminary, before you get face-to-face. If they're already in your face, you get distance and then remove your shirt.
So much snark lately and so many downvotes. did I touch a nerve somewhere? Live a little. Get in a fucking fight once in a while so people don't laugh at you for knowing the first thing about why people do something.
The reason you're getting downvoted is because you missed the crux of the point of self-defense. Just because this woman can hit you over and over again and not seriously injure you, does not mean she has the fucking right to. It is your right to retaliate physically if someone gets physical with you first. Now, if he straddled her and punched her in the face over and over again, using his physical strength and weight to pin her down, helpless, then yeah, he should be stopped. That's going too far. But the moment to make violent contact with someone else, you gonna get body slammed and there should be *no one* who stands up and says 'he shouldn't have done that'. That's the fucking backwards kind of thinking that's led to us arriving in this cultural place already.
That body slam was so fucking satisfying. I enjoy loud mouth cunts being put in their place, male or female. Take a good look ladies, this is *your* privilege. Up until the point where she gets body slammed, that's female privilege. Because if it was a guy standing up wanting to fight like that the video would have been over at the :50 mark when she was screaming 'hit me! Hit me!'
Fuck that's cute.
Australian here. You're gonna need those guns in a decade or two. The government aint changing any time soon, and once we get these robots in to do transport jobs and etc, the unemployment rate is going to skyrocket. There simply won't be enough jobs to go around and corporations are going to be shoving even more wealth into their pockets while the average worker gets nothing. And the government aint going to fix it. And whether you're on the side of the government, or of the people, you're going to need those guns. I know for fact that if shit goes down over here, we can't overthrow our government. We simply can't 'rise up' any more because we have no weapons to do it with. Bonus mini-rant: Americans are too attached to their guns. You can't say 'we're taking away guns' and expect the people with guns to give them up. *They have the guns*. It's a really, really fucking horrible thing to say, but I'm going to say it. Less people are going to die, *in the short term*, from mas-killings and spree killings, than would get killed trying to take the guns from the gun-nuts of America. In a generation or two, the gun-nuts will be replaced by moderate people who aren't so gun-crazed, and you'll be able to phase out firearm ownership in a safe, practical way that won't end in a miniature civil war. That is if there isn't a civil war after robotics take all of your job before then. Who knows what will happen after that.
Or maybe I didn't grow up in a place with crowded hallways? I'm from outback australia. We had less people in our school than you have in most classrooms. And fights take place in open areas with plenty of room to grab something like a shirt, or a bag, and spin the other person right to the ground and curb stomp the fuck out of them.
...I see no problem with this.
Of course they have. Due process? Search without a warrant? Aint nobody got time for that! There are terrorists among us!
That's a 24 beer sword!
It's like circumcision. Once upon a time it served a purpose. But these days, you really only do it because you don't know any better, because other people do it, and/or you think it 'looks better'.
Uhm. Okay. So. If he began by reading wikipedia, THE ENTRENCHED EDITORS ARE AT FAULT. Not gamergate. Gamergate doesn't have a fucking voice on wikipedia because of the scumfuck editors sucking admin dick over there and colluding to push this retarded fucking narrative. Even if he *STARTED ON THE FUCKING GAMERGATE PAGE* those words are not the words of gamergate. We are not allowed a voice on wikipedia. You and you fucking cronies made sure of that. Your fucking move, Bernstein, you morally bankrupt fucking hack.
That's actually a very good thing for your dog to do. Take the game case out and throw it, wash it off with the hose. Imagine if he did that shit on the carpet (literally, lol). Urgh.
Cleanliness, etc. The dudes used to live in deserts, and sandy crotch would have been the *worst*.
Nobody has said Morgan Freeman? That guy has the most legendary voice of any human alive... And he's old. Jesus. I should just shut up.
Well you're removing something that you have no reason to remove, and doing it to a creature that can't consent to said thing. Imagine if there was a sect of people who chopped off their kids earlobes. What would you think of those people?
Okay, Clarice, I'm going to give this to you straight. Probably the only straight thing you'll see, or hear for the entire day. So *pay attention*. This is a place full of Doctor Cox's. I'm Doctor Cox, he can be Doctor Cox, and even you, you whiny ingrate, can be the epitome of awesome that is: Doctor Cox. But not all Doctor Cox's are *equal*. Some of them are, quite frankly, *un*equal. They're morons. They're appletini-sipping, Hugh-Jackman worshipping, happily-married *morons* who don't understand the entire purpose of this wondrous place. So when you see those people, you have to remember, newbie. They're idiots. They're not the real Doctor Cox. Downvote them and move along. Hell, if you're feeling *particularly* manly, RES-tag them as 'MOST DEFINITELY NOT DOCTOR COX'. And when all of you whiny little children gather together all do this at the same time, the dumb Doctor Cox's who never answer questions and just insult you will get pushed to the bottom of the retard pile where they belong. The reason why this happens now is because you idiots never figured this out on your own and have to come to an *adult* to tell you the most simplistic thing you could ever be told! My *god* why do I even bother? ^It's ^not ^like ^you ^guys ^ever ^listen ^to ^me. ^^Every ^^single ^^time. ^^^I ^^^swear. ^^^^Didn't ^^^^even ^^^^listen ^^^^the ^^^^last ^^^^four ^^^^times ^^^^this ^^^^was ^^^^asked.
That is so incredibly fucking random.
