GUYS!! ..HOCKEY!!
You're my new favorite. Hello, favorite.
Oh fuck off. Just noticed my flair has a broom. Thanks for the reminder, reddit.
No.. No parts are better. They are all worse. Much worse.
Van BeeBee!!!
It won't let you go either eh?
Being a pharaoh I'm Pretty sure..
Morrowind remake :(
Yeah what the fucks up this fable legends bullshit?
Omg if it made the same sound that would be fantastic.
I threw it on the ground!
Jesus fucking fuck leafs.. Fuck.
Soooo my feed just cut out for track and field
DONT DEFEND THEM!!
Hey Bear Bros, in all honesty how do you feel about for moves the past two days? And draft picks?
Yeah I thought they were all weird picks, hopefully they develop though!
Boooooo you
Yeah I'm just using this thread as my draft coverage and I've got no complaints.
"He's a generational player"
Hey man, you guys win a lot, and we (the leafs) lose a lot. So.. It couldn't hurt.
Lol?
Easy dude.
"Malcom (Malkin) hasn't been doing much this year"
Let's go boys
Man, not this shit again. What the fuck guys.. Hockey better, fuck.
He's our future. He's our king.
I'll bet someone an upvote that I'm going to be angry and sad at the end of this game.
What the fuck hockey.
YEAHHH!
We playing like shit but we're winning.
I think I'm getting sick :(
Bitch you don't care about your clients.
GIVE ME A HELLE
Yeah I agree, just when I was embracing the tank too.
LOLOLOLOLOLOLL
Benny boy gets it.
There was a holiday trade freeze, but that's not the trade deadline.
Many save.
Hellebuyck the God-King, may he rule our city of ice for many years.
NOOOO IT CANNOT BE!!!
Erm, the fucks going on tsn?
I want a stafftrick
I think that may have looked worse than it was.
Lol. Leo winning an Oscar. Lol.
Yo Habsbros, where's Fucale at?
Follow up question: is Fucale not better than condon?
Ah, fair enough.
Man that's commitment.
Nah, I just always thought Fucale was supposed to turn out good and condon seems to be struggling lately.
"Marketing"
Oh wait, I got a better one. "Bait &amp; swtich"
Y'all don't like your coach?
Is that based mainly on the Habs recent struggles?
Ah, I see.
Well that's a bummer for you guys.
...are there any Devils fans in here?
Gg Habs
I love your goal/win song
Like sort of but man that's a disappointing turn out.
Also, go leafs go!
At best.
So I really hate GDT's with the Hawks, am I an asshole? Or do other people feel this way?
Stars I understand. But we get along really well with the flames.
"Lots of goals scored on Winnipeg" Yes yes, I get it.
Yeah I really didn't like your regular jersey but I love this.
JONATHON "LITERALLY A BRICKWALL" BERNIER!!
Man that Ron Willson dude is an absolute clown.
Cali fuckin does this to teams.
Habs girls are hella fun.
Ottawa also Cinderella'd themselves into the playoffs.
Ah but this was pre jets when leafs was my primary team. We had our struggles.
Just tank one more year..that's what I want to do.
The NHL can suck a dick already.
Awe man
I'm not sad about being scored on anymore really. I am, however, sad that Hellebuycks numbers go down :(
What the Christ boys?
TOO MUCH MAN!?!
Nah, just enough man.
I just really want Matthews tbh.
Anybody wanna do some Buff stuff?
You're drunk.
Atta boy!
That was weird.
AWESOME
Just out here rippen a dart, bud.
For all you Americans, [this](http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=F-glHAzXi_M) is pretty much Canada in a nut shell.
Nice front door.
Whhhhyyy
LETS GO JETS
WHY DOESNT KARI JUST LETEMIN ALREADY!?!
I mean, I was pretty proud.
You can't not elaborate on that. Edit: obviously blue, I'm such an idiot.
THE FRENCH PRINCE!!
GIVE ME A HELLE!
'Murica.
That's about right, thanks zebras.
They don't even show our penalty
NO TOUCHING!
Go Avs! ...I guess.
Heya!
