The Gorillaz playing in a video about Gareth Bale.....
Littlefinger arrives. YEAH BUT WHOSE SIDE IS HE ON?! WHAT?!.. Are you talking about?! WHOSE SIDE IS HE ON?! What are you talking about?! Yes sir! Get him Littlefinger! Go get him BABAY! Come on and get some of this now! Who's bad now boys?! Littlefinger arrives.. OH MY GOD WHAT IS HE DOING?!
Clyne was our MotM. Skrtel was MotM overall. Please Roy, stop taking Lallana off.
I wouldn't feel so bad about it apart from I feel like 25% of the people who votes leave are chavs who are probably sat outside the shop right now with a can of cider who just hate immigrants and think voting leave will mean "people can have jobs again" even though they have no intention of working anyway.
God we're just fucked. Why did people think it was a good idea to leave? All my family voted leave except me and I asked them why and they have NO IDEA WHY THEY VOTED LEAVE. This is madness. We're fucked guys.
I'm the eldest child.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kjuNuqIev8M This guy voted leave.
So of the 30 areas with the oldest population, 27 voted leave. Of the 30 areas with the least graduates, 28 voted leave. Of the 30 areas who "identify themselves as English", 30 voted leave. So the old and stupid are our leave voters.
I know, I know. I don't. Unfortunately the people at those rallies are your leave voters though. Not all of them, but they're there.
So of the 30 areas with the oldest population, 27 voted leave. Of the 30 areas with the least graduates, 28 voted leave. Of the 30 areas who "identify themselves as English", 30 voted leave. So the old and stupid are our leave voters.
He's just gone and cunted it in.
I bottled it and did to qualify bets today. Couldn't see no extra time.
I'd have gone gay for Giroud long before this goal.
And this is an actual shit post.
2017 is already better than the whole of 2016.
Not sure what game you watched but we never looked tired at any point during that game.
Chelsea play Spurs away next - this could be 1 point gained. Calm down.
6 &gt; 5. We closed a gap. I didn't realise you get automatic 3 points for games in hand these days.
Oh right may as well add a point on to Chelsea's tally then these points don't matter lads.
Yeah we should have gone out and signed some players in October. Fucking Klopp.
I'd say our games were pretty equal. Home to City and away to Sunderland. Home to Stoke and away to Spurs. If we gain a point on you after an equally hard set of fixtures for both teams it can only be seen as positive.
I would have been too, that smile he gave while saying he was happy was the sort of maniacal look you get from someone who's pissed on a night out right before he smacks you.
Because you'd sound like a cock saying that. Just call it fucking exaggeration and stop being pretentious.
Apparently that's been illegal to do for long before Sky. I remember reading something along those lines.
Seriously. Why couldn't all the games just be played tonight and tomorrow at 7:45-8pm? It's an extra days rest for most teams and something most are used to with Saturday games and Champions League/League Cup fixtures midweek. Baffling.
[[Argent Lance]]
Hmm.. What did I fail on in that question.
Moo.
I didn't even realise this was a thing. Is gold that important? You'll gain gold just playing every day anyway. Seems pointless to me.
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
I dusted pretty much most of the epics and legendarys except Dr Boom for the feels.
And they thought Dennis was crazy.
You don't have to play it on turn 1. Sometimes it's good to just hold it back a few turns to get the guaranteed heal and trade off with a minion/weapon charge.
Some people just want to watch the ~~world~~ sausages burn.
I'm sorry for your downvotes. I'm^not^sorry
Raticate on turn 7 vs rogue = gg.
Chancey is so broken lol. Silence &gt; Divine Spirit &gt; Inner fire. It'll most likely stick for a turn or two as well to give time to buff it.
What about when he was in the UK on the Saturday before the Royal Rumble when he returned at 30 to shock everyone. He was at White Hart Lane for a Tottenham game in one of their shirts that day so the latest he'd have left the game would be like 5pm, 8pm-ish if they played an evening game. He was back in the US returning from injury months earlier than expected the next day.
https://twitter.com/_chrisbascombe/status/819292123749117953
Hi r/all
No shit.
Give us a chance mate we only play tomorrow. ┴┬┴┤( ͡° ͜ʖ├┬┴┬
Get fucked Payet?
Wonder how much he had on himself to score the first goal.
I said last year when I saw us playing him that he's almost impossible to dispossess. I don't get it, the ball just sticks to his fucking feet. When he keeps himself fit he's a beast.
They stuck him in their provisional squad for some weird reason.
Fuck it, call up James Milner to England then because fuck him if he wants to retire, he has to play. While we're at it include Shearer, Gerrard and Beckham too the lazy fucks.
I thought Phil Jones and Rojo was your best partnership?
If FM had stats up to 100 Super Robot James Milner would be 100/100 for penos.
I think the universe would implode.
What a fucking save getting down so close to him.
Nah he booked him for the "foul".
A bigger joke was Rooney not even seeing yellow for a red card tackle.
A couple penalties I think though, definitely one for us. Not so bad if they're peno's/free kicks.
I do watch some City and he's never really impressed. But you watch more than me so I'll take your word for it.
Because that's what I said.
They play different fucking positions. You can't compare the two. And if you could, Toby is better. Spurs need to worry less about keeping Alli and Kane and worry more about Real/Barca knocking for Toby. Fucking immense that lad.
‪ https://twitter.com/FinallyKais/status/821104099940855810/photo/1‬
I know i'm a Liverpool fan and I swear i'm not being arsey, I understand he's won a Premier League medal, but who the fuck is this guy? I literally don't remember him. Did he play much for you guys? Edit: I googled him and remember him for his mohawk. What happened to that guy?
Incoming Lifetime ban for Didier Drogba.
Wow enjoy those downvotes bro.
I think it was "did you just use the word fam and make yourself look like a brainless retarded cunt?"
UNNNLAACCKEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Can't remember which game it was recently but that goal he conceded where the team was shooting to the right as the camera looks, where it went bottom right corner (his right) and he barely moved for it when it was quite saveable. Doesn't matter what league you play in stuff like that needs to be saved.
I liked the explanation until you randomly threw you were f2p into the post. I don't really care about whether or not you're f2p.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sarcasm
Hell, I'm a relief chef for a catering company that does meals for companies lunch, like head offices for Sony, Regatta, AO etc. No one ever questions me. I turn up wearing a hoodie and carrying by bag with knives and chef clothes in them, at security I simply say "I'm here to work in the kitchen today" and I literally sign in, get pointed in the right direction and away I go. No ID, no nothing. Hell, most of the time I get given a security badge to get me through doors or barriers.
That must be the voice actor. Like there's no way that isn't him. Or one of those pro mimics.
Why have you brought this into my life? Now I have to find an excuse why i'm not going into town tonight because I really want to browse /r/spacedicks.
I climbed from 1300 to 2050 solo I thought I did good :(
I dunno, at what age do kids learn about the dankest of memes these days? You could become a pretty dank teacher if you knew your memes.
Klavan should never have been given a second yellow.
You completely missed the part where I said I wasn't bothered by you lot doing it last week?
The ref didn't even give a foul. If he did anything again this situation would have had no bearing on it.
No it was to show that I wasn't just hating on long ball play because I don't see an issue with it. The two scenario's were different in the sense that we did it from the 91st minute onwards but whatever floats your boat.
So the referee is corrupt? Got you.
Nope just about 20 minutes.
We launched a few long balls into the box in injury time like any team would because we didn't have time left to play our normal game is my point. Opposition is irrelevant when you're into injury time with no time for plan A.
He was brought on in the 75th minute. Our long balls were clearances when we were 1-0 up to try and get rid of pressure. I don't have a problem with long balls at all, it's part of the game. The two situations are different.
CAN I HAVE SOME DECORUM PLEASE?!
Level 200 or so. Played in all 3 comp seasons. Currently Plat. Did not know about this.
I dunno, Mane is pretty impossible to play against when he's on it.
It's such a hard 4 to rank, but I wouldn't put Bobby at the bottom. The lad oozes class. Although if you'd have said the same sentence and replaced the players I probably would have argued with it. No idea how i'd rank them.
He's our top league scorer now though. I reckon he can hit between 15-20 this season, which is a great return for him considering how/where he plays.
I know he's a different position than Bale but why shouldn't we hold out for that amount of silly money? There's not that much between them ability wise in my opinion. Cout is still progressing and is 3 years younger, and (usually) stays fit.
His hammer swing either hits from 10 metres away or misses someone standing on your toes.
I'd honestly just rather do The John J. Keeshan questline from Redridge over and over than some of the other boring stuff.
Bet he fucking watches Netflix on the Ultra HD package and gives his password so his city mates can also watch on his account too the fucking cunt. Defense training at City this season is scrapped in place of Netflix account organising, as only 4 people can watch at any time it takes a lot of figuring out when Fabian Delph can watch Peaky fucking Blinders.
While we're at it, if my game crashes or freezes as a game starts up and I have to ALT+F4 or task manager close it, I literally relaunch the game quick enough to get back in before the match even starts, yet it won't allow you. It just bans you for 10 mins and -50CP. Why is this? My game has frozen, if i'm not back within a minute, sure, cancel the game like you usually would but this makes no sense.
Oh it's only happened maybe twice this season but it's enough to annoy me about the system.
Sorry yes, SR.
[I raise you Djimmi Traore's Zidane drag back finish](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e8DDdQ8PJms)
[I raise you Djimmi Traore's Zidane drag back finish](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e8DDdQ8PJms)
God help this fucking team when we play in Europe next season. Which is looking more like Europa than Champions League. They can't handle two games in a fucking week. Absolutely pathetic week of "football" from us. I have faith in Jurgen but i'm so angry at him for that team today. We needed to spank these lot for confidence, but no let's give Connor fucking Randall a run out. Joke.
Don't be getting people's hopes up lad it's nothing like your one. In fact that sensible "whats wrong with todays football" thread came from one of those interviews I think.
I'm complaining about that because we needed a win for confidence. Not let's give Connor fucking Randall a game because why not? I love Klopp but today was a disaster from start to finish.
Why he thought Connor Randall could ever do a job is beyond me, I think most of us recognise him as League 1 standard at best. I've nothing against the lad he's just never going to be good enough for us.
Joe Gomez could have done a better job there and play Matip. He's had 4 weeks off.
~~gg ez~~ I feel very, very small... please hold me..
Bodvarsson turned into fucking Messi for his cameo.
