&gt; is they get their members to come on here and try and get people to sign up. I'm not a member of the site. The tweet was pointed out to me by someone else.
There is already one
Undoubtedly
Rooney shouldn't be the first name on the teamsheet
Firmino. Our front 4 could potentially then be ---Rooney/new st---- Depay-Mata-Firmino
Rotate him with Depay or Firmino. Obviously Depay/Firmino won't start every game. they are still young. ADM will get more games then
Grow up
The person who answered is a male
Giroud was injured for a large part of the season and for some reason, Wenger rates Welbeck over Podolski
And agent fees!
&gt; a good backup to replace Ramos And I'm seeing rumors of them going in for Otamendi
/u/D1794 Check this pic out lol
64 million is ridiculous for a 29 year old defender. We got a 26 year old winger for a lesser amount!
The title says 64 million pounds not euros.
Has to be Lionel Messi.
Thanks Obama
I'm with United on FM14 in 2031/2032. No use telling my team. All regens now XD
You should do this to Liverpool XD
It was on sale on steam a few days back
This is the worst
Why is it $900 though?
This. I came here to NYC from Mumbai a few months ago. And the air is delightfully fresh. Although people keep saying it is polluted here, I find it FRESH FRESH FRESH! It is glorious.
Hello fellow Indian
Definitely not now. It is so frigging cold.
Oh my god. Even Mumbai ain't so bad now.
wait what?
Quickly
American Sniper.
Because Bale will be made into an LB again. /s
what is wrong with es
You need Stickmount to mount it. ES won't help
&gt; deprived You mean derived?
Chutiya is very common in India too.
Doesn't the army support the terrorists as well? Cue 26/11 and all that
I used to use this until Accuweather released their update. Accuweather feels more accurate idk
Check play store account. You'd have got an email too. The credit appears in that Google account which you used to buy the phone.
That's not the pre-order time.
That's why Football Manager exists.
Wish AT&amp;T had such plans.
Only if you ordered before 25th October iirc
Already? It was supposed to be for a year.
Fellaini
Nah. Ed still has to sign some noodle and soup sponsors.
Bro
Damn. I had bought it on my debit card :(
I am new to the US. Got my CC just 2 months back in November. Been using that only since then.
I used Cataclysm a lot on my Nexus5. How does it compare with that?
Flash the full ROM. That's what I did.
How is ElementalX on the 6P? Was pretty good on the 5.
I want free cables :)
Umm what is touchboost?
Color profile link?
Is this the elementalx app?
Madonna yes.
Staring like LvG, I suppose?
Why'd he credit himself?
I understood that mate. Was just messing around.
Philosophy
Haven't got around to installing the kernel yet. Will keep you posted!
hey we aren't so bad okay?
For some reason, I am unable to see missed calls on my computer. Any settings need to be enabled?
Did you change any settings or is it just default?
Seems a bit too saturated
yes this looks much better!
&gt; like how the Nazi's established a base on the moon or how Abraham Lincoln assassinated George Washington. Btw this isn't true.
&gt; I know the war started in 1941 Wrong. It started in 1939.
Feel bad for him tbh
0-0 draw away and a 1-0 win on the replay
Yes
I've noticed that newcastle generally play well when the match is on tv (in the UK). I might be wrong though.
Yeah I shifted to the Outlook app. But I hate how it doesn't put calendars into the phone's system (like how Sunrise did if you added an Exchange account and hence, allowed Google Now to use it) and I can't use Business Calendar/Google Now on those calendars now. Sucks.
Yes, they do that. I think once a week, their employees exclusively use 2G
I don't like how it syncs all your emails to its cloud and then pushes it. I'll continue with Postbox.
Go for the 6P. You won't regret it.
I thought the same but you get used to it.
Also there is no swipe between emails like the Gmail app. Damn.
Bernd Leno?
Want to keep with Gmail app only so installed Nine to sync calendar and using Outlook as IMAP in Gmail app.
Just like your dating life.
What's JW?
This cat fucks
I'm new to the country. Can you elaborate please?
7+1 you filthy casual.
It is just how you grow up. I grew up in 30-40+ weather and now living in a cold place, winter just screws me.
We need some Mata magic again at Juanfield
wtf was that wayne
We are fucking getting owned. Pitiful
martiallllllllllllll
Why the fucking fuck is Fellaini still on?
And LvG didn't even get up. Stoic as fuck
Liverpool getting FM'ed
Wtf Mata
Liverpool is van Gaal's bitch
GGMU
Just cold hands probably
Just curious. O'Malley looks to have some good policies too. Why has he failed? Would have preferred Sanders vs O'Malley tbh
O'Malley rekt Clinton
Wish I could donate to Bernie. Can't do because I am not a US citizen or permanent resident.
Bernie rekt O'Malley
O'Malley rekt the Republican party lmao
