&gt; looks down to check what balls they have
I heard it as "My work is tearing out, peep yee-a-laut"
curves right in to a BGH
i did still feel sorry for the axe
"Some Skeels for me"
http://www.reddit.com/r/DotA2/comments/1st1a4/look_closely_to_lunas_eye_isnt_it_eclipses_icon/
active the first few weeks of new season and slowly dies down until the next season.
expected title to be '5 reasons to join ti5'
&gt; ravenholft assissin A+
on the flip side, catching up in LoL is astronomically easier. like, in dota a level 1 , 50 minutes into the game, can get to level 10-12 in 5 minutes, but in league, you get from level 1-&gt;10 in like 10 seconds (few creep kills). However, on the flip side of that, if someone does abandon, 4v5 is way harder than in dota.
why did he stash the refresher orb before, and after he used it
Still unplayable in competitive. It's a 9 mana 9/7 that does nothing the turn it's played. High cost cards need to impact the game immediately to stay competitive. U spend a turn dropping a 9/7 with no taunt I'll just go face.
man lol guys so butthurt. how about you guys think about it this way. $10 is a donation to blizzard, a token of appreciation, don't expect anything in return, but just as a bonus, you get an alternate portrait. you're not forced to buy it, just buy it to support the game just like how you would donate to a streamer and the streamer gives you custom chat emotes.
well there you have it, a redditor who instabought all 3 alternate heroes
Bloodseeker is easily #1. i remember when bs first came out in dota1 it was the most mayhem in clueless pubs. Rupture has got to be the most unintuitive skill to face against. "I'm running away and he's not doing anything how am i taking damage! I'm running even more, i'm still being hurt, what's happening" and was easy godlikes for bloodseeker the first week of release. tough times. Abaddon is likely #2 for unintuitive, hitting him heals him when ult procs (but you don't know that if your'e clueless).
protecting a minion is like protecting your face. if you lose when ur 0/9 minion dies the experience is going to be similar with just having 9 life to begin with.
i feel like any golden rare is harder than a legendary. i have less golden rares than i have legendaries
&gt; Secret deck: facing another secret deck solution, queue your secret deck with 2 kezan mystics, or murloc deck with hungry crabs
Works out fine, play d3 for couple weeks when new patch, then hearthstone new expansion , play hearthstone, then dota new patch, play dota, then starcraft new patch - play starcraft... then... d3 new patch again!
but then they 'bribe' us with special perks like "extra cosmetics" or "pre-order trophy" etc to entice us
i might get a paladin skin since it's the only class i play
this mitigates the issue for legendary properties that have no range. smk/dod is a good example. however for those that do: Incense torch, Furnance, etc, the amount of min maxing on that will be even higher. (suddenly your 41% ancient furnace is garbage now, ur going to keep hunting for a 50% one)
another buff to demon hunters
the opposite of what their approach is in hearthstone
no kidding, since most of the positions are back back side (db/systems) area which is probably the biggest constraint for more deck slots.
helltoothhhhhhhhhhhhh anyway the manajuma movement speed boost looks handy for bounty farming; wd arent very mobile
face hunter im not sure but flamewaker mage is great due to the synergy with flamewaker and stuff like mirror image, antonidas, etc. i dont think anyone can argue that spamming bananas with flamewaker is heaps of fun
should be same as 'hidden score like casual' the question is if winning brawl affects your casual hidden score or is it separate, and if it is separate does it affect the future week's brawl
nice write up i totally forgot about echoing ooze
seems great if they release a new expansion after the Dota Internationals are over
In my opinion after playing both the biggest difference is the Tower and TP mechanics. There are no tp's in league which is huge to get used to. Towers in league also do a ton more damage but also are way squishier. the end result is that with no tp and squishy towers, split pushing becomes a real deal, and passive play is not bad. (I've had players tell me 'get out of my lane' 30 minutes into the game; in dota the laning phase ends after 10 minutes)
One more quick experiment, when you win one against a rank 15 opponent, how much legend ranks do you go up?
na just need 1 win, see if u go up like 0 ranks, 1 rank, or 5 or w/e
hahaha that's awesome
question- does the games before 30 matter at all when determining rank post 30? like for example a fresh account with 90% win rate stomping everyone, and wins 10/10 provisional matches , versus a fresh account with 40% win rate, wins 10/10 provisional matches?﻿
i liked this week's brawl's theme/idea; it allowed some cards to be stronger (flamewaker, violet teacher, mirror image, questing adventurer) and it was insane pushing those cards to the limits. great fun. the only tragedy is that those said cards were already strong in the meta to begin with, but the concept is great and i'd love to see more sleeper cards to be abusable.
batrider tier 5 how the mighty have fallen
3-12 naix calling everyone out, classic
Stonesinger: does he still have half life? also, time to go back to wd, finally
depends how much you want boom, but here's the dusting priority -cairne is shit so dust him for sure (piloited sky golem is better anyway) -bolvar is mostly shit and paly specific, safe dust -onyxia is ok but w/e dustable -deathwing is actually pretty good and u should keep him, so dust the 3 above
why would i reroll 40g quests in the first place. alot of them are easy to finish (like win 2 for 40g, versus win 5 for 60? really)
every druid is ramp druid. wild growth and innervate are bascially auto includes
ur username tho
nah u can just use tokens at that point. in mtg u make copies of cards all the time and u represent it with a token (can be anything, like a coin, blank card, tortilla chip, etc)
expected 5 power overwhelmings
1 damage to face would definitely be nice, cuz then it would fit into a not-yet-viable spellpower mage deck
that clip was a great include, but it's best as a 'bonus' clip, which is a common edit done in these type of videos
Great question. This question comes up often but if you really think about your turn progression it'll make sense. Consider these paths: Coining WG: T1 - Coin WG T2 - 3 T3 - 4 T4 - 5 = Druid of the Claw Pass, WG to get Druid of the Claw- T1 - 1 T2 - 2, WG T3 - 4, coin = 5 = Druid of the Claw As you can see here, The latter gets you Druid of the Claw 1 turn earlier. Hope this helps.
it's a good concept but would have to have its stats adjusted. since the deathrattle is very positive in this case, it would need lower stats so it's a shit standalone creature until it dies (like sylvanas)
your comment is flawed as well. It's much more devastating for the enemy to get blingtron when you play it because you get to act on your turn, potentially killing the enemy. If you get the cursed blade you can prepare accordingly so you don't get killed. it's the reason why majordomo is bad when the enemy kills it and kills you, yet there are times when people kill their own majordomo to use the hero power for lethal.
never heard of a paladin card called 'obvious'
cast corruption is the best one, and the mechanic already exists on one of the blackrock mountain guys
wow 2 confessor in arena
my main deck, thx for guide
in MTG terms it would be more akin to an "Enchantment" effect, or 'artifact'
i love how polite they are to each other. all around very selfless and just saying 'my bad' all around for every mistake.
ui_main02 was the best one. expected to sound like bilgewater (which is great too) but actually sounds more of epic music
pretty sure it does since common/uncommon items are more likely to drop than rare and arcana unless those chest items will never get added to loot table then yea
spellslinger into mass dispel
Gay'est Kuardian At the end of your turn, return to the closet. ^^sorry
obligatory "vids or it didn't happen"
musterfuse - 3 mana - summon 4 1/1's, give your opponent a mana crystal
na, 'combos' with ashbringer on turn 9 after ur tirion died on 8. won't replace your ashbringer and the extra mana doesn't matter
man i freaking love threads that have "What's the best play" in them.
pls up numbers for scorch/lightning/frozen orb runes
lol pudge still died to teh sf ult
reverse question - will a regular anyfin can happen summon golden murlocs that died?
expected the 'carry oracle 1.2 BAT infographic'
it's only bad luck if your deck you're playing is unfavored against them. most top constructed decks these days are designed to have a positive win rate against secret paladins so you'll WANT to face them in fact.
caldesann is a play on the word candlesan which is wyatt's twitter handle
brothers dota ftw also good to see 3 from NIP doing well
TREE OF LIFE
GAR WOLEM
the irony is that u can already do this to a disconnected wisp by sunstriking the exact spawn location after respawing
oddshot LOL that was like the worst. oddshot was used in so many other subreddits normally and reynad who already has his own website and channel with plenty of exposure, is the one bitching about it. AND had a huge upvote too. Poor devs at oddshot had to come out and apologize and try to cater their business model around his special case.
i'm pretty sure the mod said 'dozens of times' wasn't referring to you quitting the game, but just calling people out in general.
which one is lyrical, i thought he was black
zeus sets plx his model is done already
asking the real questions
well in that vein, should type "Come on" instead of "C'mon"
don't worry maybe they'll make an aggro version of reno. 'if only 1 card of each in your deck, deal 10 damage to the enemy's face'
aggro priest and lock and load/miracle? hunter
quite possibly the worst farmer in the game. i cant' think of anyone worse tbh
what would be the chances of killing him if he hadn't drawn the last missile? b) how about the chances if he doesn't attack with apprentice
yea i mean't the chance that it doesn't wipe the enemy board but the missiles go face
thanks! this made sense.
you'd be surprised at some of the math whiz on reddit who can take a fraction of time to get the answer i've done combinatorics myself but i make alot of mistakes so i didn't want to give a wrong answer
man shit i knew the answer had to be fairly simple, but the 'minions dying and targets disappear' threw me off guard. but in reality it doesn't even matter because you just calculate total combinations that include 25 missiles hitting the face. duh! well done. now that being said 22% seems awfully high. everytime i cast a avenging wrath, timepiece of doom etc, it ALWAYS seems to clear the board.
srsly. i prob average ~6/7 ish but sometimes i just get 0-1 wins cuz i drafted a poor deck, go on tilt, and just want to get it over with asap.
surprised to see BGH ommitted. it's probably the most ubiquitous tech card and is used to widely to counter boom. anyway flare isn't half bad against secret paladin. it's actually devastating if you hit a few secrets before turn 6. it also cycles itself too.
in a technical sense, that's correct. however for meme's sake it's 'infinite value' because meme's are generally funny because they're incorrect
really comparable to stormwind champion. 6/6, give other minions +1 +1 aura, or 4/3, give other minions permamently +1+1, but if it sticks around, you can do it again. particulary good with paly and shaman hero powers because it buffs the token spawned
doesn't even need to be inverse. just two random rolls is fine. 'deal 2-4 damage. summon 2-4 imps.'
reminds me of Innistrad expansion for MTG
in hs, the attacker choose what target to attack. in mtg, attacker just 'attacks' and defender choose what to defend with. this means your 1 hp minions can't just get sniped. but ur 5/1 magma rager can just there and trade into a yeti if he decides to attack with yeti. that being said his yeti probably won't even choose to attack cuz u have a 5/1.
unranked guy is obviously challenger mmr
why is abaddon picked so often now? i remember when noone picked him except ppd rarely.
this is also why some inspire cards played on curve isn't that bad. they really go out of their way to remove it, and if they don't then the extra value is huge.
this is awesome, but what would be even more awesome is a link to the timestamp on the music video that aligns with the legendary entrance theme for example: Tirion Fordring https://youtu.be/YCQsUVZDo8o?t=1m54s
It's honestly not bad at all. Obviously the cons are the challenger player doesn't get to play much of better people but here are the pros: -Challenger player gets to experience what it's like to carry 4 other people. I mean really carry. Part of being a pub star is being able to really lift the heavy weights. Imagine if the pub star managed to carry plats against a pro player. he will get noticed and break out into the pro scene. It's also good practice in situations where your team is doing poorly and you need to take the game into your own hands. -Lesser people get a chance to play with pros/semi pros, it's like an honor! Fanboyism to the max. Though some obnoxious pro players can still piss of anyone (eternalenvy is a good example) That being said, the problem can be mitigated if you change to a more populated/skilled region. Think - queueing on korea server for better players and even games. Tradeoff is ping but the option is there. Lastly, the "+1 point / -49 point" games are really unfair and we will see some complaints on reddit from time to time.
