Just random kids, hers are definitely on the boat. But the second she put them on the boat, everyone knew she was going to die. I swear the Night's King only turned up because the world demanded she die for being too predictable.
Ser Gregor? Ser Gregor is dead, we all saw it, they even sent his skull to Dorne as proof dammit! I have however heard there's this new knight on the scene called Ser Robert Strong, I bet he stands up for Truth, justice, and the incestuous way. *looks side to side shiftily*
Next season just opens with him on a gold throne with black trim picking his gold grill with Longclaw.
Hehe, cooldown... geddit?
If, many seasons from now, they kill The Night's King, and nobody tries to shotgun his horse, i'll be severely disappointed.
Can you imagine being the White Walkers though? Just full on living, forever, untouchable by the mortals, and then boom, the one thing that can fucking kill you turns up, and some human has made it his bitch and is riding it while it melts your asses.
A1) In your example, unless you're employing that researcher, they still don't have to give you shit. They don't have to even acknowledge the flaw exists, and if you attempt to prove it, we've seen in very recent news they can and will blacklist you from flying as a potential risk. So not only is it not comparable, it doesn't have the outcome you're expecting either. 2) The EULA is a legally binding document. This wasn't something they just shat out and threw onto the front page, it was crafted by legal professionals for the explicit purpose of covering their ass. And while the sale of digital GAMES and AUDIO. An account as part of an online-only experience remains the property of the games creators, because at no point do you actually own a license to hold a copy of the game, as you do with other digital media; you rent an account, or in the case of League, they let you use one for free as long as they're okay with you using one. 3) Game currency has no financial exchange value. In other words, once you own the currency, you have no right or ability to trade it back. The currency itself HAS a value, but only between yourself and Riot. in the same way that a coupon you have for x off at a restaurant is worth x, but in real terms the coupon is not classed as having a financial value. I don't just write this shit without knowing what i'm talking about.
It's whoever manages to kill every other contender by this point XD
The other sword wasn't sharpened nor a full sized blade. It lacks additional weight and a cutting edge, which would focus the amount of pressure exerted on the blade into a smaller area. I don't doubt that it wouldn't be cleft in twain immediately, however I don't feel the video in question accurately represents the probability of the sword breaking.
Yeah, it's kinda bugged me that this sort of gladiatorial combat wasn't espoused more in the series. Even if you're using slaves, which many Gladiators were (technically they sold themselves into a type of slavery to their combat master, at least initially) you don't waste the good merchandise. Why have a man die in a fight once, when he can fight another 20 times and still give a good show? Sure, some are fodder, but even the slaves can be more valuable alive than dead.
I just want to throw out that, after the end of this episode, what I expect to find next episode was called in advance; http://www.reddit.com/r/gameofthrones/comments/375l8f/s5_postpremiere_discussion_507_the_gift/crktluf
Personally, I'd rather have 975 skins with particle effects, but it's each to their own I guess.
Moobeat's S@20 notes indicate there IS a sound effect associated with his cleaver but a bug has disabled it at the moment, at least in the video he posted. What that sound effect is I don't know but I'd say it's most likely a twongy sound of some kind. EDIT: Your wish is their prescient command, here's a link to the sound - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=muDSNkV3lyA&amp;feature=youtu.be
Yeah because what Riot really want to do is give Disney's legal team a collective orgasm.
And a white Chroma for the Mario reference.
Hang on, you go take a look at that splash art again, and look me in the eye, with a straight face, and tell me he doesn't look demonic.
He's one of them, he knows the pain of having to pee sitting down. They weren't gonna challenge a brother in blood.
Granted it was an extremely prolonged nudity scene but as a somewhat veteran actor, and gen her nudity scenes in 300, I wouldn't consider it totally unthinkable. I do agree though that the actual content of the scene could easily have put her off and that's fair enough id totally understand that. I don't think she owes the fans anything, but I also think it's a bit ridiculous to refuse to do a scene you would've done or dos do a few years ago because you've decided you're above that now. I'm not saying "this is clearly what she did" just that as a hypothetical itd be a bit hmmph
Nah they'll still be around next season.
You've no idea what you missed. I was expecting it and am used to that sort of gore and even I was sat there shouting "Jesus Christ. Fucking hell!".
"Not like they would give skins away for no reason" you mean like they did at Christmas?
I think you might have had a different monopoly to the rest of us. In the UK at least, the monopoly set was a very simple "get all 2/3 colours, stations whatever, and you will win X Prize" but there was always a specific ticket, e.g. Mayfair, that would only produce or distribute roughly the number of prizes there were. There was no subsequent draw unless something went wrong in a big way; if you had all red or all yellow properties you won that prize. End of.
Some of us just like the Pool Party skins. I intend to get the bundle either way and I don't play Draven or Mundo, and don't even own Zac yet. But I like the skins so why not.
I work, I have some spare cash, and I'm working to unlock each champion eventually. Zac is osomeone I refunded a year ago because I didn't get him, but my play has evolved since then and now is the time. Same goes for Draven; I'm trying to expand my horizons and I like to at least have on skin on a champion if I own them, especially given I enjoy playing a fair bit of ARAM. There's only 1 or 2 champions where I will always buy their new skin, and before now I've only really used RP to buy new release champions with their bundle, I mostly use IP. Besides, it all goes into a game I enjoy, I spent £90 on Battlefield 4 and barely played it, so I'm not too fussed about putting money into a game I'm actually enjoying XD.
Sorry, did you just accuse Riot of supporting segregation by keeping regions geographically separate to maximise player experience on their servers? You just played a race card I didn't even know existed right now. It's not like you're prohibited from forming an account on any other server.
Because it's going to be financially sound to fire the long term graphical development team and hire a bunch of short-term server engineers who in all likelihood don't want/need a temporary contract position if they're of a standard to get the repair done ASAP. And then get rid of them when they're done and have to hire a whole bunch of new artistic talent from a field that talks to each other a lot and have already seen a bunch of their colleagues fired for doing nothing wrong. Great plan!
Sorry, I only have a needlessly large one. Best of luck though!
Rengar, Nidalee or Fisherman Fizz are also acceptable.
Even the later comments in which he makes veiled discussions about champion kit?
Where's you get that idea? There's been no confirmation of it ending anywhere, I for one would assume that it would continue until 9am PST everywhere, unless there's a reliable source that says otherwise.
Something like 6 seconds according to the PBE but it's not confirmed. He's not an assassin or fighter, he's pure tank. If you overextend on him the slow/stun combo and his swallow will let him wear you down while his E prevents you from doing the same, he basically forces extended engages.
I'll judge you on the fact that you feel the need to go guns blazing about a simple point that a lot of those who complain to Lyte are not telling the full picture. Your attitude is the exact sort that gets people into trouble; I'm right and no amount of experience or expertise could possibly contradict that, and I should condescend anyone who disagrees with me. Take a chill pill about this shit and maybe you'll keeps clean account and even enjoy the game more.
Well here's a link of him actually saying it; http://picosong.com/gJmb/ It's pretty much as I was trying to describe it, with an elongated sound in the middle instead of a short sharp 'o'
Actually they recently started putting some 'fluff' animations into The rift when certain skin/champion conditions are met. It's probably not too hard to use this principle to apply minion skins under set conditions too.
Glad to hear there are other people like this floating through bot matches. My girlfriend and her best friend have been dipping their toes into league via bots, and the friend had a right asshole in one of the intermediate matches flaming because she wasn't particularly skilled (granted she probably shouldn't have skipped beginner bots but hey, it's fucking bots y'know?) People should just chill in the game in general, but they should REALLY chill when it's co-op mode.
Pretty much. If you want to get involved in a competitive scene with established ethical guidelines and poaching restrictions, not the best idea to ignore them and assume that because you're not YET a member they'll ignore it and let you in.
Actually it's more akin to saying "If you want to move to America but we have solid evidence like previous convictions for something we consider a crime while you were in France, chances are we will stop You from moving to America." Which happens all the time. The only difference is that the 'evidence' in this case isn't something he did that is punishable where he is NOW, but that doesn't mean it isn't unacceptable where he wants to be.
As far as I'm aware it auto-pings where he's going on the minimap when he casts it
Why would you not want Santa Bard with a beard like that! Having said that I also want Oh TannenBraum so y'know...
Alistair's passive is aoe magic damage for a few seconds after he uses an ability which would attribute the kill to him not trynd.
From the image it looks like part of your tail will clip the ground through the extended landing gear. Once the wheels are horizontal the rest of the craft tilting would cause a clip, and if the game detects that it used to spawn at a slightly higher position to resolve the problem. It definitely used to do this before 1.0 and I doubt they removed it as before that you could end up with some weird bouncing issues as the plane was forced out of the ground. So in all likelihood your changes have raised/shortened the back end just enough to remove the ground connection.
Throwing this out incase it is actually still an issue when I get on later today; When I was last playing I spent awhile trying to land a VTOL dropship on the Mun made with the Extraplanetary Bases mod. It was badly balanced and I went through a bunch of attempts before it finally survived landing and I got it docked to my base. But for some reason even when the ship was totally stopped, and when it no longer existed and had been joined to the base, I kept getting the 'cannot save collision course' warning as I tried to exit. The game was still auto saving after certain actions and it saved with the base attached together but I'm wondering if this is something I'm gonna keep having or if anyone else has experienced it. My only other vessels are 3 satellites in orbit around the Mun all at aoe and happy.
Same, I never cared about getting out there until I had a long-term plan, I wanted a solid base set up on the Mun with easy tourist travel In my brain before I stepped foot outside Kerbins SOI and something always got in the way. Mostly a decision that I could make this look better and id start again from scratch.
She was picked at a time when she was a solid and useful pick both competitively and in standard play, but skin development takes 2-3 months. They can't just drop everything and half that time because design doesn't work that way. She was an understandable pick at the time she was chosen but when the season ends everyone just thinks about the last six weeks and decides that's what the meta has been all this time.
Sounds like it's gonna be a Pokemon trainer then...
As well as Thresh, Karthus Hecarim and Mordekaiser representing the Four Horsemen.
Cow goes moo, Frog goes croak, Horse goes neigh, Dog goes Ed...Ward....
I actually really agree with this; pinks have a cap but there also visible and provide a TON of utility, and last forever. Blue trinket have a ton of utility, last forever and are visible. So I'd say the basic green wards generated by yellow/SS/jungle items should have a 3 minute timer, their basic invisibility, and have no cap. That seems more reasonable than the doublefuck we have now.
I want him to finish and I look forward to it but we're used to waiting. Besides nobody wants to put that much stress on him he's not exactly young and fit and we still need to get another book out of him!
Might wanna throw this out to the League of Legends and DOTA crowds as well. They may not be MMOs but they grab a huge cross section of people and will give you a good contrast in player experience I think.
I would say his death is a direct consequence of Joffrey being a douche. If he had refused to change, he was going to die ANYWAY. He chose to admit guilt for something he didn't believe and compromise his beliefs to protect his family, and STILL died when he was meant to go to the Wall. If anything I'd say he showed character growth before being shortened.
I haven't seen anyone else mention her so I'm going to; Margaery Tyrell. When it comes to one-dimensional pretty much all we actually SEE of Margaery is power-hungry slut. We only hear of her third-hand after her arrest but she does pretty much just sleep her way from one King to the next all series.
Well, the only people he actually trusted in KL after Robert died were his own men and Littlefinger who his wife vouched for, and was what really fucked him over. I guess you can extend that to trusting his daughter, and Cersei to not risk her children's lives. He was certainly stubborn for a lot of his time, but I'd also say his changes, both after he was injured and after he was arrested make him more than one dimensional.
As a UK buyer are you sure that you're not gonna end up with an extra £100 VAT for a luxury item, plus the £15-20 Royal Mail, DHL etc charge you just for the luxury of being able to pay your VAT. Because I've been shafted by that particular pole before and it put me off ordering before I know what the costs come to in total.
Seen it and spent it. Tbh that's probably why I'm close to just ordering the damn thing despite the sour taste the cost leaves me. I just spent £1600 on a new rig what's another £500 for a totally bew experience.
It's also built on almost 10 years of tech development. The FIRST iPhone cost as much, and look what that could do.
I was actually agreeing with you, that £ $600 for a 1st gen consumer model isn't unrealistic given the price of other first-Gen tech. The first iPhone did a lot at the time but comparatively little to what you get for the same cost now. But realistically there is NO experience comparison to the Rift outside of direct competition from other consumer VR headsets of which we have NO price point beyond the same level of price promise we got for the Rift. I'm on your side.
I'm gonna make a preorder and see what happens with the Vive. I might change my mind with Steam being a more established gaming platform, and it'd be just like Valve to make Portal 3 Vive-only and shatter my dreams.
Dunno why everyone thinks it's more likely his body completely defies logic (speaking of which I pretty sure whichever way your head naturally faces is your front regardless) when a much simpler explanation is the character has a pronounced hunchback. Which, given his obsession with beauty would have an ironic twist to it.
Is it actually gonna be $30 when you start selling on the day?
Probably more worth it now than the pre-order physical Imperial Edition I have. Art book is pretty though.
Surely you just need to find something that isn't broken down like this upon consumption. Maybe milk? It enters a solution but is still milk and you can probably suck down milk fast enough to make more than 1lb sit in your stomach even with digestive enzymes breaking down some of it.
Did the same as you, I've come back this weekend, started fresh (kept my original character because he had all the motifs which dropped so easily in those early days) and I haven't found the game empty at all. one of the great things about ESO is the multiple instancing of cities, so theres probably fewer of them now but they LOOK populated still, and there's still those around talking from time to time.
I never knew I needed this until now.
Are you a new player? If so I'm assuming you've had to register an ESO account first, which generally has an email confirmation part. Is it this email that's not coming through, or is it a device verification code email? If you've not had any issue setting up an ESO account through the website make sure you can login there using the details you provided them to ensure the account is live. If you bought through steam (I haven't so I don't know how they've got it set up) possibly check your steam account to make sure it's tied to the correct email address?
Except WoW is really just as bad at it as ESO. Especially nowadays. Sure the group content throws out pronouns for the whole group, but in all of the single player content you're still basically recognised as a single generic hero that everyone else also occupies; this is even more pronounced in MoP, Warlords and will be in Legion. And there's a perfectly valid reason for it; nobody wants to complete a game where every quest is being treated as something any other sod could have done. If your quest givers all told you to do what they want or piss off because there'll be another hero along in a minute you'd get sick of it really fast.
"Spends three hours saving the Duke and avenging his wife" oh here, have this ring and a few gold pieces, now fuck off I've got a fiefdom to run." "Spends an hour saving a farmer from some sheep" oh thanks kind stranger, have these as a reward *gives legendary underwear of the forgotten Emperors*
I have to throw out that the idea behind the canvas bag is that the material itself is recyclable compared to the plastic used for disposable bags. They're not MEANT to hit the environment to cause that impact.
Cats are cats no matter how big, right down to the paw on the neck that says "fucking hold still you're still not clean yet!"
I don't know who made this but this just sounds both ridiculous and awesome. I must have it.
The psychological studies and predictions from both Allies and Axis during the wars. 1) if you were a conscientious objector during the war you could volunteer for non-combat roles includ By medical experiments. These were often used to discover the effects that specific environmental impacts could have on otherwise healthy individuals, including: starvation, dehydration, sleep deprivation, withholding of vitamins and minerals, measurements of calorific intake, psychological torture and so on. Done on VOLUNTEERS, often overlooked because they refused to fight although the results of the studies had great effect on our understanding of human tolerances. These next two I assure you to be true as I've read the original transcripts but don't have links to hand but I'm sure a bit of googling will turn up; - American psychological profiles of Hitler concluded in 1942 he would commit suicide rather than be captured, and were actually pretty accurate about a number of other choices he made. - German Psychologists were really worried about the effects of British POWs on German morale. While others have documented how Hitler was pissed and wanted to ally with Britain against Russia, a lot of Germans viewed Britain positively. The problem was British POWs both officers and general soldiers were cocky and arrogant bastards with stiff upper lips. They mostly kept good order while captive, took every opportunity to mock their captors, refused work duty demanded breaks and generally carried such an air of confidence it would make German soldiers disconcerted. That and flirting with the local German milkmaids. Seriously. One of the examples they used is that of German soldiers threw spare cigarettes to soldiers in the camps other soldiers would scrabble for them, and the British would turn their backs on them unless handed to them properly. We were cocky motherfuckers even as prisoners.
Difference being by time the US was pulled directly into the conflict, Japanese tied to the Axis had already been solidified. By time the US had become a combative bation the Sino-Japanese conflict had already become entwined in the larger European conflict.
Same, I couldn't live without my Naga, especially as I'm a left-handed mouse user and they are literally the only company that do a mouse that both has that many buttons and is left-handed.
Oh damn, I am a fool. Wait you want me to unsubscribe? That's a bit harsh I only just got here!
Pretty sure my brain loves sweetness too. As I love sweetness, even if I know it's low calorie, and I am my brain. Disclaimer; I'm aware I am not the be all and end all of science. I merely feel it right to express my love of sucrose and all other deliciously sweet flavours that won't kill me.
Whenever you load a game it just opens with a screen saying 'congratulations, you beat the thing. Have some pretty pictures.'
It's the way the cat looks back up and swipes at it as if to say 'no I wanna go back in there!' So typical.
Bitcoin is the best advertising currency of all time. Because it will never SOUND expensive.
I found Filmore online and researched it all at some point last year. I was so happy. It was one of my favourite shows especially as a fan of police procedurals. EDIT: also if there's one thing I'm taking away from this its that Disney are missing out on a lot of money for relatively little effort not releasing all their 90s and 2000's cartoons as box sets for £20-40 a pop.
Welcome to Alfred Nobel's life. He founded the Nobel prizes after he read a premature eulogy publish erroneously that lambast him as the horrific architect of thousands of deaths for inventing Dynamite, which also had tons of uses in structural engineering, making it much safer to use and transport explosive compounds for tunnelling and large scale demolition.
So for Japan, a country with an abysmal rate of natural resources, a negative interest rate can cause a major problem. One of the biggest issues with the Japanese economy is that it relies on both its imports and exports to remain stable at the same time without being able to turn to internal production to relieve the financial burden; they can only be competitive for exporting goods if they can still afford to import raw materials, as their own supply of so many of the materials essential to their exports is so low.
From day one I've been clear with my fiancé that games are a big part of my life and who I am. She games but her passion is Pokemon and sometimes the Sims so it's nowhere near as devotedly as me. But it means she understands when I say 'doing fuck all this weekend X is coming out' because every time there's a new Pokemon game she just disappears for a week. We get each other, and I'd always consider it the backbone of our relationship that we understand each others passions even when we don't share them, and support each other in them.
And that's why I like cats. "If they actually cared about it." You aren't training a cat to do shit unless it wants to do it. Dogs think "get the ball! Get a treat!" Cats think "no. Give me a treat. GIVE. ME. A. TREAT. Excellent. You may leave human. For now." I love cats because they're assholes. And they're not ashamed of it.
I always heard it was the other way around. Leaving cutlery in an X indicated you were still eating (as they were still positioned for your hands to take up again) while upon completion you would place them both together and they could point in a direction indicating satisfaction.
Light in a vacuum as a guess, universal constant and all that jazz. I don't remember the actual displayed speed numbers etc but I remember when I ha e seen them I felt the speed of light made sense for the space scenes.
It's possible there's something in there information wise they don't want going public outside of their new schedule. Somethibg about mechanics or lore they want to keep within their launch window.
Ehh, she's GOOD. But I don't know how she would stand against Bumi. I'd say it's pretty close. She is technically gifted due to her extra sensitivity and that did let her discover metal bending, but Bumi had a lot of academic knowledge on bending too.
My personal list; Saving Private Ryan, when he's stood over the grave with his family and asks his wife of he's been a good man. I'm in no way involved with or support the military, but damn that moment makes me tear up. A lot of people mention the Futurama episode with the dog. But the episode Game of Tones hits me much harder. A short synopsis; while being forced to relive the memories of his last day in 1999 all Fry wants to do is have one last conversation with his mother, just for some closure for himself, he gets stopped from doing this and is visibly upset. Later, as a gift to thank him for his help, Nibbler connect Fry's consciousness with a dream his mother has shortly after he goes missing, giving him an actual chance to say goodbye, even if only in her dream. This made me really sad imagining how it must feel to know that he just disappeared and she never knew what happened or anything. I can't not cry. Bridge to Terabitihia. I got physically angry when she died in the film, having never read the book. I was enjoying it so much and it was such a nice.story then bang. Dead because of that prick.
Riot Penguin and Baconhawk left as well.
Started a new job, working nights only me and one other worker who was always provided by an agency; no consistency and no responsibility. Was totally thrown in at the deep end. Given one night on with an experienced worker then just expected to get on with it. After six weeks without a word my manager has me come in early with 5 hours notice so they can do my first review (meant to have them every 2 weeks). She then proceeds to chew me out for a ton of stuff I've done 'wrong' with no consistency as to what my response should be in situations, and getting aggressive when I defend myself, then accusing me of fabricating paperwork. All this happened on my birthday. I worked out during that shift that the paperwork she accused me of was 100% accurate and I could prove that she was lying. At that point I decided there was no way in hell I was staying because I had no idea what her next bullshit would be. I contacted the agency that supplied my coworkers, joined them on the sly, worked part time for a bit and found a better job with better pay through working for them with the agency. Turns out everyone in the area knows exactly what she's like too, as I started working other places with the agency and they all knew the stories.
You say that as if there's ever been a world where we didn't think eating meat was a good idea. We are talking about economies of scale. On a planet of 7 billion people we kill, by your numbers, just over 8 animals a YEAR. That's 365 days, or one animal every 45 days. Sure the number sounds big, but when you take into account how overpopulated the planet is, they're actually not that unreasonable.
Sorry but this is bugging me; your complaint is casual gaming through apps such as mobile or Facebook etc. I get that. But then you say 'but not gaming on anything other than a phone/console/pc.' you've just listed basically every video game device. What the fuck else do you expect people to play on? Or do you mean you object to casual gamers so write off anything outside of their Skinner boxed apps?
Sounds more like you've got some shitty spouses around you.
Short explanation to save OP the trouble (assuming this is the one I'm thinking of) Stick 5 monkeys in a room that has a ladder with a treat at the top. Spray all the monkeys with water whenever one tries to grab the treat. Replace a monkey, and watch as the new monkey attempts to grab the treat, only to be attacked by the others who don't want to be sprayed. Rinse and repeat until all the monkeys have been replaced. You end up with a group of monkeys who attack each other if anyone tries to go for the treat, even though they have no idea WHY they're attacking, because none of them have ever been sprayed with water for going for it.
In regards to the dairy thing, I've always drank thick milkshakes whenever I have a sore throat. Any otber cold drinks don't help but a thick milkshake taken slowly can give great relief for awhile.
Part of the issue is cultural. For some women, there's a lot of pressure to fulfill certain needs of a family, especially around children, that can have a negative impact on things such as their willingness to take on additional hours or responsibility. There's also potential bias away from women with children when it comes to providing promotions or even general employment. That sort of discrimination is illegal in some places and shitty to most people but unfortunately it does happen. The point of the dispute is that saying women get paid less than men sounds like, hour for hour, they're earning less than their male counterparts. In reality it's much more complex, but the reality is that the gender bias that affects earning potential is not one of pay scale, but rather the perceived role of women within a family unit.
I get your interest in this actually. I was reading a case a few months ago where a woman has validly overthrown her mother's will, in which she was explicitly disinherited. She was able to do this and receive a fairly large sum because they successfully argued that when her father died in an accident at work, and her mother received a large settlement, her father would have wanted that settlement to carry down to his daughter. At the time of his death she was very young, if not still in-womb (I can't remember for certain). So they argued that her mother's will prevented her from receiving assets her father was known to have wanted her to benefit from, leading her to receive something like 30-40% of the estate back from the charity it had been donated to.
Check their twitters, it's now cawwsizzle and the penguin side I believe. They've both definitely gone though, I was shocked too.
Aye but my point in this was that despite his obvious strength he's far from his physical peak. Can any of us really imagine the extent of his strength when he was even in his fifties or sixties?
Timestamps show these were from late at night. Seems this is the history he found on a work computer when he got in this morning.
