Yea, I was watching Kingsman the other day and I just couldn't get into it, because all of those actors are in other movies. /s
More like giving cutters to somebody who was obsessed with cutting his own brakes and he then cut his own brakes.
That diving spear header was the best thing he did for us and it was one of his latest games.
All I know is that if it's more messed up than Witcher 3, I'll be impressed.
Don't worry. Some of us native speakers still struggle with it.
Come on now, he's not that bad.
I agree. Witcher 3 can be just as challenging.
&gt;"broke the news" who are you quoting there? Nobody said anything about it being breaking news and they themselves stressed that it was just a rumour.
You literally don't have to read anything. If you're too lazy to watch a video, you can't expect people to make a written summary for you.
Yep, same here. So infuriating.
Who needs dragons when we got feathers.
That's one happy Brazilian. Like he just opened a PS2 on Christmas.
There are lots of other links between his films, but this is one that people probably didn't know. Myself included.
But how many mentors do you have?
I reckon his brother is the thief the title is referring to.
Are the book readers supposed to like Dany?
Why is your sword glowing?
It's pretty damn complicated, but you pick it up fairly easy.
Birdo has a vagina on it's face.
He should go coach Everton then.
Seriously Spurs. Fuck off
Gotta play Zombie 1-3 first
Because he's MY butler.
[Obvious, isn't it?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-xw_-wiC8Ac)
Triggered
Ayyy
Drunkborne
How has nobody said FIFA? It's THE drunk with mates game.
There'll be enough of that in MGO
I don't think anybody really gives a crap about the Harpy or who's controlling them. My show watcher friends all think the Dany story from this season was the biggest waste of time ever.
How do you know we're not looking for a new manager?
Photorealistic doesn't mean it's a drawing of a photograph. It means it looks so much like the real life object that you could be looking at a photo instead of a drawing.
Is that one long continuous story though?
You talk too much EDIT: judging by these downvotes, nobody understood that I was quoting The Mountain and not being a dick.
Think about it this way. Count AFFC and ADWD as one book as they run parallel. We are at book 4 of 6. I would say we're definitely 2 thirds through the story. The last 2 books have skewed peoples perception of how much story can actually get pumped out in one of these. Look at ASOS and how much changed during that. I believe finishing the story in 2 books is definitely within the realm of possibility. But, as others have stated, if he needs more and lives long enough to finish the series then more books will be the best in the long run.
He's a little less proven in a top PL side. I personally believe it's a good signing, but I can see why some might be more wary. Milner, on the other hand, is as much of a sure thing as they come.
I found out recently that you press O before you land and he rolls. This takes away a LOT of fall damage.
Nah there still is. He will all of a sudden jerk to the left or right straight into a tree.
What do you call it?
Or just Underground
Yes, but the one in the picture is a BRZ, obviously.
What stood out to me there is that Ings is under 21. That makes me much happier at the signing. So much upside.
It's a stupid gimmick. But as far as stupid gimmicks go, it's the best fucking one out there.
&gt;The game shipped with 49 characters (more than any other smash title by a mile), multiple (fleshed out, complete) game modes, a ton of stages, a stage editor (for the WiiU), CHARACTER CUSTOMIZATION in case you got bored with their default movesets, and online support and you're saying that it's not a complete game? When it was released it was complete, but now there are 4 extra characters which I don't have and my game isn't complete anymore.
I don't think you understand what complete means. Can you please quote the part of my post which is incorrect.
I dunno man, I reckon they would have shouted it from the rooftops if it was console exclusive.
American accent starting to set in.
wtf is loli?
Why is this guy getting downvoted?
The top voted comment is about Ryan. At least you stayed on topic. The RT community just has a problem with saying anything mildly sexual about any of the female employees. Even in a thread which is about a f*cking playboy shoot.
Apology accepted. Though you don't need to alologise for having a bad opinion.
&gt;the game felt and looked better on PS3. You're either trolling or you went blind between the two releases.
He's talking about remasters in general. There's also, to my knowledge feel free to correct me, no new game that QD are working on at the moment so there's still no proof to this.
Who?
Not sure if Ronald or Hamburgler.
Maybe you'll get Shane Smeltz next time.
It took me a while to find Colton in this pic. I honestly thought that was Burnie the first few times I skimmed over.
There was a Let's build where they go through and compare every AHer to an Always Sunny character. I think it was one of the Mega Tower ones.
Yeah you're right. Best just stick to CoD and FIFA. Everyone knows only the most popular games are any good.
Flying from Perth. Equally excited.
The people without PS+ need to buy it somehow.
It may feel great, but not as great as seeing that Platinum pop up.
Wasn't that the London Olympics logo?
I think all the "monsters" (giants, dire wolves, etc) south of the wall just died out.
Same haha I was like, Mel is going to marry Stannis and kill him.
Snake with the bucket and Ocelot with dual wield drumsticks are the best.
Is it like Hot Rod in any way?
If he's going to park illegally, why not park a bit closer?
What? Getting interviewed?
Thing of beauty
When I first saw that you could extinguish fires I thought there might be some stealth element later where you can black out rooms and use the Cat potion to sneak past enemies, but nope. It is literally a pointless feature that just gets in the way.
21.4 or 25+Aspas
If you care about it that much you should have been watching it instead of the podcast.
There's no argument here mate. Arguing with you would be like having a battle of wits against an unarmed man.
Waiting for that Fir-lean-o
Parallelogram
&gt;I'm aware of who she was talking about because I'm not an idiot and I do have some passing familiarity with the characters and their names. I don't know if you do know. If you are several seasons behind, then it's probably not who you think. I can guarantee you that Barb's not-so-subtle hints at who died, would NOT be enough for somebody a few seasons behind to know who she was talking about.
EB also gives you a 7 day return on new games. It's like renting games for free.
I'd say we need one more amazing midfielder to get in front of Can and we are a contender for sure. Can is good and he has a bright future, but we can't rely on him every game to play at CL standard.
&gt;Not to burst your bubble but You stay away from my bubble but.
haha lad
No, you are.
Maybe if you just lay your case out and stop insulting people you won't get downvoted.
Eagle Eye
He was a scourge.
Can't believe I had to scroll this far to find how to get one.
The story finished perfectly. People, rightly so, are worried that a sequel could dampen the first one.
How's no one said [Scotty Cummings](https://s.yimg.com/ea/img/-/110803/a_101009sptmainymf42_173gsbk-173gsbm.jpg)? http://www.westcoasteagles.com.au/video/2013-05-08/sgio-top-moment-cummings-14-goals
That's Mike
The kill bill one is better imo
He's an acquired taste for sure. People either love him or hate him.
To be fair, Geoff was asking him about it and starting the conversations. I think Andy will start off pretty quiet and as he gets more comfortable, he will banter with the others. All his jizz story are already known, so I doubt he will bring them up on his own accord.
&gt;How about 120 hours of collecting flowers and herbs If that was your experience, then you weren't playing properly. Your assessment of the game is one of that who obviously hasn't played the whole thing, or at least went into it with a very negative attitude. My assessment of Bloodborne would be 20 hours of farming blood vials from the same area over and over just so you can attempt to take on a boss for the 20th time before realising "this isn't fun" and playing a different game. But that would be unfair, because even though that was my experience with the game, I'm not conceited enough to assume that everybody shares my opinion. &gt;Seems to me that /r/ps4[1] isn't very polite or open-minded towards others with differing opinions. This is absolutely true, although in this case, I believe your downvotes were as a result of your post being... well dumb. I also believe your second post will gather a few downvotes as well due to your childish assessment of The Witcher 3.
That's a pretty obnoxious way of looking at things. You're saying that if there's ANYTHING in the house that may or may not distract you from the game, then you shouldn't play ranked at all? I've had to leave the controller a few times during RL to either answer the phone or answer the door. You can't plan for everything.
People don't want their team mate getting kicked. The thread is about people wanting to give their team mate a chance to get back in the game. The only people that "don't want to deal with it" are the people being left to play 1v2. This isn't a thread about people complaining that they're getting kicked. Keep up.
No. How the hell did you come up with that? You know don't worry about it. Have fun in your own little world.
We're talking about paying to access the store which you don't need PSN or xbl for.
Sony doesn't and never had that process. It was only 360 that did that.
You can get your money's worth out of those games without the online MP.
&gt;but it does suck for the consumer. It really doesn't though. The only people you ever hear complaining about that subscription are people who dont use it and therefor dont know exactly what you're getting. I paid for PS+ before it was required for online. It's better for the consumer. Don't look at it as paying for online. You're paying for 60 games at a dollar each. Which realistically would cost you thousands to pay for them individualy. It also gets you into new games that you normally wouldn't play or buy. Developers get more sales out of it and Sony get our money. It's really a win-win-win for everybody.
