I drink and drive heavily. They've clamped down on this recently so now whenever a cop pulls me over, I wait till he approaches and shoot him in the face. I wouldn't have to do this if the drink driving laws were less harsh so the drink driving laws are obviously to blame. Abolish drink driving laws and you'll be saving lives.
It's also because you are the only country that really really really gets into everyone else's shit. I mean, this is a Swiss organisation taking bribes from South Africa and funnelling them to Trinidad and Tobago. Other than the fact that some people involved are American and they used American banks, it has nothing at all to do with the US. But there you are anyway...
There's a break in the middle, which is usually 70% adverts. Also during the build up and at the end. Even with the long halves, still have about ten breaks.
Spicy food isn't acid and it won't burn your skin no matter how much you eat.
You were saying that the 'no breaks' system works for football. I was pointing out that football has plenty of breaks. That's all.
You're not wrong. No one is an idiot just for believing in God. Just like no one is an idiot just because they believe in homeopathy or telekinesis or astrology or aura cleansing.
Why, has someone fallen down the well?
No no, I got the point. You think that's it's wrong to generalise about people based on a certain aspect of their life. I agree with that, and was illustrating that agreement by saying that similar things happen to other types of people who believe similarly outlandish things.
But it does have more than one *advert* break, which is my point fnaar fnaar
When I was a small child, I told myself that when I was an adult I would have two microwaves. One for preparing food and the other for microwaving things like jelly and bricks just to see what happens . I'm an adult now but my dream of having a microwave solely for play has not come true :-(
So, what you're saying is that if I drown myself in icy cold water then I'll lose weight? Thanks for the info, I'll give it a crack! You should post this on Life Pro Tips!
That's interesting, I've heard of the drug, mostly in the context of people suffering horrific deaths as a result of taking too much, but always assumed that it isn't used medically because it's too dangerous. Could you mitigate that with an ice bath? If temperature is the problem then maybe but there might be some other effects that wouldn't be mitigated. Very interesting idea though, but sadly I lack the knowledge to know whether it would work or whether it would just lead to multiple convictions for manslaughter...
Not drowning may be better in the short terms but for long term weight loss, nothing beats death!
You realise I now desperately want to microwave some grapes, right?
I'm not objecting to anything other than the statement that football has no breaks. I'm also rapidly losing the will to live.
You implied that football manages to be successful despite the lack of breaks. All I was doing is pointing out that football actually has a lot of advert breaks, a fact that may not have been apparent to someone who doesn't watch football and certainly wasn't made clear in your comment. Was this a worthwhile contribution? Maybe, maybe not, but I sure as fuck didn't expect to still be discussing it a dozen replies and 24 hours later. If you disliked my thoroughly innocuous reply that much, you probably should have just ignored it.
You can't honestly believe that's the test. That you should only disbelieve things if you can prove they aren't true? If so, prove you're not a cucumber. Or prove that I'm not God.
No. Neither do you.
Oh god, the temptation! THE TEMPTATION!!
I don't understand what you mean?
You're right. The problem is that this argument can be used to prove anything and make any belief appear equivalent. You cannot prove that pixies aren't real, you cannot prove that whales don't live in volcanos and you cannot prove that you aren't not a cucumber. Does your inability to disprove these things mean you believe them? I'm not arguing that there is absolutely no God because there is no evidence for that. But I cannot believe in something for which there is no evidence. Yet your belief in God depends entirely *on* this lack of evidence. It is not possible to rationally argue that the absence of evidence for the existence of God is, in itself, evidence of the existence of God.
You're right. The problem is that this argument can be used to prove anything and make any belief appear equivalent. You cannot prove that pixies aren't real, you cannot prove that whales don't live in volcanos and you cannot prove that you aren't not a cucumber. Does your inability to disprove these things mean you believe them? I'm not arguing that there is absolutely no God because there is no evidence for that. But I cannot believe in something for which there is no evidence. Yet your belief in God depends entirely *on* this lack of evidence. It is not possible to rationally argue that the absence of evidence for the existence of God is, in itself, evidence of the existence of God.
And yet you say that you *do* know...
The voidspace dude got banned, I wonder why he's different...
You absolutely right. Sounds like more of a methhead to me. Reckon she probably took the pokemon book off a trucker who found her unconscious in a highway rest stop after a 72 hour meth and jenkem binge with her pimp father, probably as payment for shitting in his mouth.
I agree with most of these but the final one is retarded. Did they not bother to read the law beforehand? Of course it's possible for Duggan to have been lawfully killed even if he didn't have a gun. Kinda diminishes the impact of the others that the final one is so stupid...
Why do you have faith that God exists?
It's the only logical conclusion.
It's not. Neither is wire fraud. What's your point?
I think the reason that young people feel this way is because they've only just learned about corrupt the world is and they are outraged. The reason older people don't feel this way is because they are resigned to the fact that the world is corrupt. I'm not sure this is better.
Oh man, I remember watching My So Called Life and the scene where Angela is dancing around her bedroom singing Blister In The Sun and I just went out and devoured everything I could find. Such an memorable moment from my childhood.
Pot plants? http://static.guim.co.uk/sys-images/Guardian/About/General/2012/4/3/1333468800200/Does-having-pot-plants-in-008.jpg
It's weird because I live in a country where guns are pretty much completely illegal and I, well, I just can't understand why anyone would want to own this sort of thing. It's like having a giant collection of knives. Not meaning to be mean but it's just seems so creepy wanting to have all these dangerous weapons around.
If you're skilled enough to install Linux in the first place but still can't get it to work properly, it's probably not your fault that it doesn't work properly but rather the fault of the designers that created an OS too difficult for a reasonably smart IT literate person to figure out. Usability is a critical part of any piece of software. Windows works. I don't want to have to get a degree in computer science to browse cat videos.
Oh yeah, little Mr Knowitall here knows all about it. He don't need no medical degree or any knowledge about the subject at hand. He just thinks it's wrong cos it's, like, mutilation and that's, like, wrong man. Only things he thinks are real are actually real. Edit: on reflection, this is hardly the most sophisticated comment I've ever made so I'll try again. Fifteen years ago, you'd have been banging on about how wrong it is to empower gay people to follow their perverted lifestyle instead of helping them overcome their urges and become healthy straight people. Fifty years ago, you'd have been saying how wrong it is to empower mixed race relationships instead of encouraging people to form healthy relationships with their own kind. 100 years ago you'd have been wittering on about how women shouldn't be empowered to think they should vote and how much happier they would be if they stayed in their natural subservient place in society. 300 years ago, you'd have been saying that the idea that the negro should be empowered to seek freedom is wrong and they are much happier in their natural subservient roles as slaves. The specific bigotry may change but the bigots never do.
Despite what I've heard, it seems he may well have done a *few* things wrong.
You should (or rather, shouldn't depending on your perspective...) watch a film called The Grey Zone. Never has a film upset me or haunted me more. I once explained the plot to someone in an A&amp;W and we both just started crying. Even now, I don't want to think about it too much because it was just too traumatic. Felt like a little piece of me died after watching it.
Drill and replace gets you more cash than two minutes of picking. Why undercut themselves?
Polishing the pink bishop.
Don't come the raw prawn with me mate!
&gt;One started a very successful adult athletic organization. Tinder?
OKCupid?
The thing that I love about this fact is that the only way it make sense if people also played horseball. Association Horseball. Rugby Horseball. American Horseball. Canadian Rules Horseball. Aussie Rules Horseball. Gaelic Horseball. How different the world could have been :-(
UPISSEDS
You make a good point at the end. Been to lots of places in the world and the best tended to be multiethnic neighbourhoods. Always vibrant, friendly and lively and, damn, the cooking smells! The dullest places were the completely white neighbourhoods, which usually resembled the Edward Scissorhands suburb. Dull with dull people leading dull lives. Variety makes all the difference.
I think it's more that white people make bad neighbours...
&gt;no evidence of that theory I love people like you because you're so easy. I can have discussions about philosophy or science and it's hard to prove a point. But you, you sir, are just great because it's like shooting racists in a barrel. Nothing like an easy win to start the day off: http://m.sgo.sagepub.com/content/5/1/2158244015573359.full
Well, that sucks. Guess it's always hard being the first.
That's exactly what I don't get. Star Trek wasn't a terrible film but it just wasn't Star Trek. Abrams had the opportunity to create a new franchise, a new Star Trek, but chose to butcher the old one for marketing purposes.
Erm, you said there was no evidence. I provided evidence. Thus what you said was wrong.
Like my mom you mean?
I've been pronuncing it wrong the whole time.
I really liked the first series but the second felt nowhere near as good. Just not as funny and much more clichéd.
So grunts can't fucking drive in California?
&gt;"lyrics" for the theme song that were never used Never used? I think I remember them being aaaaahhhhhAAAAAhhhhHaaaaaaaa
&gt;I have a first/second date...I'm already totally head over heels. ?
Listen kiddo, if you don't want to be called racist, there is an easy solution. Stop being racist.
It's actually very simple. When people buy your products, you get money, thus it is very important that they pay up. When you buy products from other people, it *costs* you money. Thus paying is very unimportant and to be avoided if at all possible.
My Googles isn't working, can you help?
Can't speak for the US but in the UK this is commonly known as the "Proceed Directly To Jail" business approach. It's very successful, assuming that your aim is to end up in jail.
You joke, but I worked for a company that, for various reasons, had a client company's power bills. These people ran very power intensive businesses and their bills were huge, hundreds of thousands a quarter. Did they pay on time? Did they fuck. The company won't cut them off because then they will pay but take their business elsewhere. So the power company just waits until they decide to pay...
I have to have my head under nine pillows before I can get a wink of sleep
Don't listen to this dude, the IRA are a terrible investment. You'd be much better off investing in a growth terror group like ISIS. Even some of the newer Asian groups would be a better bet in terms of a five-year return.
That's not the rationale though. Those subs were banned because they were harassing people ie doxxing etc. They were not banned for their content. If you want to start a new sub hating fat people, feel free, you'll have no problem doing so, *as long as you don't use the sub to harass people*.
I'm reasonably certain that everyone other than me on reddit is a child.
Don't understand this at all. There is a clear and objective criteria. It's very simple and it is laid out in terms a child could understand: Don't use a sub to harass people. That's it.
No one has been banned for their ideas. The subs were banned for their *actions*, in harassing and doxxing people. You can *say* whatever you like but you cannot *do* whatever you like.
You can blame individual users as much as you like but the sub failed to properly moderate itself. There was harassment and there was doxxing and the mods did nothing. The lesson here is that it is perfectly fine to run as ugly and hate-filled a sub as you like as long as you're not harassing or doxxing people. Likewise, if you are harassing or doxxing people, your sub will get banned no matter the content. If r/askscience started doing the same, they'd be gone too.
You mean like a tracker fund? Good thinking, spread your investment out to minimise risk and smooth the returns.
&gt;it is illegal to use a business as an intermediary for an individual to buy from a distributor Isn't that, well, exactly what a business is supposed to do?
*check it out dude, I'm gonna do a sick worm on this guy's chest!*
So what you're saying is that I need to talk more?
This wasn't related to D&amp;G was it by any chance? Edit: probably not. I'm trying to be sufficiently vague so as not to identify you, but did it relate to Prince Phillip?
I'm outraged by this. Surely they could have just rolled the guy under a row of seats and had the cleaners clear it up afterwards instead of ruining the film for everyone else. Literally the most selfish thing I've ever heard.
That sounds like a really sophisticated way to say that you can unsuperglue your fingers with warm water.
BestBlow
A
It's actually very simple. The person who posted it came here to make the same comment as OP. But OP got there first. Should the latecomer simply post their comment as a new thread or repeat the original reply? Of course not, that would make no sense. But they would still like to contribute and show they also think the same so they reply with "came here to say this". What they are really saying is "I agree". No idea how so many people get confused by this, it seems trivially easy to understand.
I remember that time I ate too much popcorn and had terrible constipation. I was so glad I had the right horse.
So, what you're saying is that my brain self-removing hobby might nut beee sqch aas Re object j ed jfjejshhdj
Or, for our US readers, it's very SNES-y right now.
Sure, you're absolutely right. I'm off to play pick up my basketball bat and enjoy a nice game of ice field hookey.
Well, I don't know how *straight* it is...
When I typed A this is exactly what I was hoping for!
Otherwise known as the single most disappointing beach in the history of mankind...
It is incredibly disappointing. Internationally famous, symbol of Australia and all that, right? It is a teeny strip of sand with a few cafes. Might be a good surfing beach but as a destination it is terrible. Went there with the intent of spending a whole day there and left after about twenty minutes. It's that bad... Edit: exactly the same problem with Surfrider Beach in Malibu. Amazing reputation but it is a dirty strip of sand next to a water treatment plant. Shockingly bad. I think the problem is that these places need their reputation in order to be anything more than another small strip of sand. So they oversell what they have.
Reports of my fame have been greatly exaggerated.
This is the bit I couldn't get around. If you can determine that you are now a different gender to the one you had at birth then why can't you do the same for ethnicity? Presumably this woman felt black. So why can't she be black?
Well, I agree with you about people being born a certain way. I just believe the some people are born with biological features that don't match the rest of them. They aren't changing the *way* they are, they're just changing the outward *manifestations* of the way they are. But I completely agree about the logical inconsistency.
But if I was an American and I moved to Canada and loved the place and felt Canadian and got involved in Canadian rights and tried to promote Canada and everyone just assumed I was Canadian but I just never took the exam, would I really be doing anything that wrong in portraying myself as Canadian?
But that's a cultural history. And this woman clearly feels culturally black. If a black kid in Brooklyn can identify with people taken on slave ships hundreds of years ago, why can't she?
That's the thing. Imagine if someone was forced to resign for pretending to be white. I don't think that would be seen as acceptable.
But why not?
I work for a large credit card company. I have to remember about 12 different passwords that change every month. The only way I can do this is by saving them in an excel file on my desktop, which entirely defeats the point of having them in the first place.
*was* the working title...
Well, the power of Christ will be compelling *something*...
Using the Manhattan project as example of secrecy is a bit of a mistake. The Soviets had worked out that the US was trying to build a nuclear weapon by 1942 ie the year that the Manhattan project started and had successfully infiltrated the project a mere year later. Not to mention that thousands of people were aware of the project, they just didn't know what it was for. For example, staff were checking clothing with gieger counters but they had no idea what they were actually doing. This works fine in 1943 where no-one had any idea about this sort of thing but i think that an airforce mechanic asked to dispose of a jet or an army soldier asked to gun down a bunch of passengers two weeks after 9/11 would probably figure out something fishy was going on. Less than a dozen people knew the full intent of the Manhattan Project and the Soviets still knew about it and had infiltrated it in a year. Thousands of people would have had to known the full extent of a US government conspiracy over 9/11 for it to have had any chance of success. The idea that every single one of these people would have kept their mouth shut for fifteen years is so far from reality it's laughable.
It actually didn't work. The Soviets had infiltrated the project by 1943.
The fine will impact their stock price. It will make it go up. We know this because the company's share price went up following the announcement. Why? The market thought it would be worse. This is good news for AT&amp;T, not bad.
For what it's worth, alcoholism is an illness. I can understand him being angry for being lied to but *alcoholism is an illness*. I could even understand breaking up with you because of problems caused by your drinking or if the lies were ongoing. But for you to all but overcome your illness, to show the commitment and effort you have and for him to still break up with you? As the child of an alcoholic, more so than anyone, he should understand that life just isn't as simple as he would like it to be. He should be praising you, not criticising you. I hope you find someone more understanding next time.
