It says I should have $168,000 in savings. Under a million for my projected income when I'm in my 50s. That's absurd
No I don't make close to that. And putting that straight into savings seems unwise when looking at different financial options.
I assume they are kids in high school
When I'm in my 50s that's what people in my feild make But that formula doesn't really account for income over time, it assumes a solid level of income with no changes or large jumps And I more mean the 168k for my current income seems absurd
When both of us are fully satisfied
He works 6 am - 230 or 330 pm I work 8 am- 5pm, but during certain times of the year it 730-late (can be 9 or 10 pm, more often 7 pm)
Dip brow
Be interesting, engaging, delightful, socially able. And work on your appearance.
About a year into the relationship.
Stop calling it that, for one
Not really. I'm not one for small talk texts with friends If it's a guy I've been flirting with, it's different.
To between my shoulder blades I'm not really a long hair person
Somewhat.
The fuck?
In what circumstance can you imagine it being worked out?
I guess for me, if they talk after the fact and consider it ok, I don't really count it as rape.
No way in hell
For some reason, I seem to be like crack for metalheads. I don't understand why. I'm not even into them. I'm not metal or alternative looking *whatsoever* I don't think it says anything about me
I get over it
Nope Most cops I've met are great guys, and we have a really solid police force, but I wouldn't be ok with the danger involved
Nope, I *just* said I didn't look alternative whatsoever I wear business clothes almost all the time, or dresses/skirts. I have no piercings. Very natural make up. Edit: Do scene and emo still exist? I thought those died like 5 years ago. I feel old.
Hell fucking no
Well I don't know any high schoolers and I've never met anyone scene or emo over the age of 20, but I thought the trend was dead. Then again, I'm totally out of touch
Not overly. My boyfriend is 5ft6 and easily the hottest guy I have ever dated. He's stupidly attractive. Anything over 6ft4ish is too tall for me. My preference is 5ft5-6 feet.
Chris Kratt when I was 6 or 7. I was really into Kratts Creatures.
I've always upgraded. I've never left someone for someone but the quality of person I've dated has steadily gone up.
I would think it looks dumb
If you want NYX products, you can get them at Rexal There are also a few beauty boutiques you can find. Some of them sell my holy grail eyeliner by Geisha Ink
I hate it and find it extremely unattractive
I'd be willing to try out a threesome if he wanted. But I wouldn't feel 100% ok with him using another person to figure out his sexuality... that wouldn't work for me. I don't give a shit about him being potentially bisexual.
Any that insinuate the experiences of others aren't reality, or target the opinions of others or the subreddit tendancies. Or any special snowflake style answers. I also hate questions meant to critique users, their answers, and sow discord
Love. Companionship. A partner. Someone who will always have my back. A support system. A cheerleader. A problem solver. Someone who will let me know when I am making a mistake, and help me fix it. A loving critic. Someone who cheers me up and makes me laugh after a long day. Someone who, when I have had a terrible day, can provide safe haven just by being in their arms.
Yeah, there are a few of these, and they are great networking events. I dislike the topics, usually, but I find it useful to meet people at them
Conferences always have networking portions. And then there are lunches, dinners, coffee breaks, mingling with people before and after panels
My relationship isn't mentioned anywhere on my FB. We don't post anything other than interesting links onto each others walls, and there is rarely if ever conversation.
Nope. That's very impractical in the long term and I don't really want to deal with shit like that
We would not date. If he tried to "win my heart" he would be very promptly rejected.
Ideally every day or two. However that's impractical with my life. I can deal with 2-3 times a week. I'm 24.
How To Be A Woman by Caitlin Moran. Bossypants by Tina Fey The Portable Dorothy Parker
I'm too gregarious for some people apparently Because I'm comfortable flirting with and asking out men I'm not insecure enough? That was a weird one
That sounds really painful and I feel nauseated just thinking about it
I think it's super strange, personally
/r/AskCulinary
Ew. Dude. Come on.
Hi, I'm a woman with perfectly normal genitalia who cannot have those orgasms, pleased to meet you.
No because he's not into it I used to, though.
I have them everywhere. Pockets of my bags, inside my phone case, my wallet, and a business card holder
Yeah all the time. At least a couple times a day on week days and whenever I'm at events.
During usually
What do you mean?
I don't find sex that difficult or tiring. I don't understand the people who say they are too tired to have sex. I can work a 12 hour day, come home, and still want to bang.
Dude.
wtf dude. Why would you ask that
I do tell them to fuck off. And they don't stop (which is common)
"Sorry, dear. I sympathize more with the man who assaulted you than I do my loving girlfriend"
If they had said that, surely I would have said so in my post. Since I did not, you can easily surmise that it was the lack of insecurity, rather than arrogance. Being cocky and arrogant is not a strange reason for being unattractive, and therefore would be off topic. They did not. They didn't like women who weren't extremely insecure. I was specifically told that women shouldn't be secure, it's less feminine, and that in order to be attractive I had to be nervous and insecure and let them build me up and base all of my self worth on them. They disliked that I generally was ok with who I was as a human being.
A guy who I've been into and flirting with for a long time
The issue isn't the car. the issue is the discrimination. You were talking about the wrong subject.
I'm trying to answer but it makes me feel super guilty. I'd be really upset if my bf answered this with qualities of his exes I lack :( Sorry I'm lame
What do you mean? Good for them for making their boundaries clear.
She probably just knows what she is comfortable with or finds that she is happier when she has guidelines for herself I've been known to rush into things too quickly in the past, so now I set boundaries for myself in order to prevent that and to keep myself from making mistakes I've made before.
in my experience it's mostly an aesthetic thing, people find them less visually appealing.
In general no But I would say it is very similar to the majority of women I know personally/in my life. But then there is a reason I'm here right? So it makes sense that I hang out in a place online that shares a lot of what I and my social group seem to think.
Because my next relationship was *better* than my longer relationship. We communicated better, had more in common, got along better. It felt right in a way my other, longer relationships never did. He was better than any of my exes. So it's easy.
No, but not being one is unattractive.
Labia and vaginas in general
Nope, not one bit. It's really not a big deal to me, at all
Also talk to her about Nuva Ring. Way less invasive, but it's also one you can't really forget to take.
Dislike all briefs
Yeah that's the part where I cut and run because I assume they aren't a legitimate company.
and I assumed this was a random man who approached me on the street or in a bar and badgered me for my number
Never ever ever ever ever. I would have huge hang ups about that And part of me feels it's just inappropriate. But I'm kind of weird about it
I'd leave him and be horrified and incredibly angry and feel violated Edit: how would you feel if she pegged you with the same dildo she used bare in another guys ass?
Talk to her.
Some self reflection to figure out what it is I'm doing that is off putting to others and work on it.
I would think she was an idiot and my boyfriend was lazy and I'd ask her to fetch me a beer if she is here to serve people
By bringing everyone onto the same level. That doesn't mean men are subjugated. Unless you think that men and women starting from the same positions and having similar opportunities means men are being subjugated.
I thought it was going to be [the Famous Five](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Famous_Five_%28Canada%29)
It's actually a different use of the word radical I do agree that *extremists* are like that. But not all radicals are extremists, and not all extremists are radicals.
They are all restructuring patriarchal aspects of society. I think mainstream feminism relies heavily on the ideas that came out of some of the radical feminist philosophy.
I'm very into eyebrows
Because it's required for my dress code, and because they make me feel good about myself/confident/attractive
Yeah I assumed there was some sort of cultural aspect I just wasn't getting
I'm not a fan of super short, but I really dislike long hair.
Hands wouldn't bother me too much
Yup. I just got over it. Stopped liking them. If they felt the same way, I would think they were a really shitty person for emotionally cheating on their partner by informing me that they share my feelings.
Warm pulsing
Very different but we have some we can agree on
It slowed down for a while due to his diminished sex drive, but it's picking up again. And the once a week or so sex we do have is amazing
Yup, working at the parliament buildings is my answer too
It's so highly contextual, it's almost impossible for me to answer At work, it depends on the person and what they are doing and how much it is impacting our work performance Personal lives, I only confront cheaters if I know them extremely well (ie, my best friend) If someone says something inappropriate, it depends on who it was and what they said
He's between 5ft6 and 6 ft. Lean muscles. Big butt. Some body hair (I like chest hair and a treasure trail and hairy arms and legs). Facial hair. A thick head of hair, slightly curly. Ethnicity isn't a huge factor as long as I think he's hot. Very strong bone structure. I like sharp cheekbones, high brow bone, strong square jaw. Light eyes, green is ideal. He is average to slightly above average in penis size but not significantly large.
Totally get that
Whoever has the smaller cock goes in my ass Also &gt;I am a backdoor sorta fellow so i'd hate to have another get to enjoy my location of choice makes me think you really really aren't ready to be having threesomes
Why is that?
While I'm totally certain it is the exception and most men aren't like this, in my experience the vast majority of men who have asked me out have taken the rejection badly and either harassed me, or tried to argue with me about why. But I think it's really contextual and more indicative of the guys who ask out tons of random women or women like myself who cultivate an unapproachable attitude most of the time, rather than the average guys.
Or Murale which is like a giant beauty boutique! And often does 20x the points and then 20x the redemption
I rode competitively because I loved the sport.
Where I live, trades guys often make 6 figures
At lower levels and younger ages yes. But all the top tier people, trainers, etc are typically male
