Grooves around the edge of the coin were added to prevent this. You can't really shave them down because they won't look the same.
&gt; I guess it's a thing you beat fish to death with if you live someplace where you aren't allowed to take fishing knives with you when you go fishing? I guess. I'm not from UK, so I just take a knife with me when I go fishing. The brits probably decided that letting the fish just flop around on the ground near you is very inhumane and they must be killed as soon as possible.
Site becomes english if you click that little UK flag in the top right corner.
Well, that's a powerful car, it's over 900. I wouldn't expect anything less than shaking.
Most games and software that I use are not available on Linux.
In the first video that guy didn't even get into police car's lane. Stupid cop, can't drive.
Used one in school while training. Don't have one at work. We mostly do aluminum. We have some parts where allowances are 0.005mm (less than 0.00002 in) but the machines we use are fairly decent, so we don't really need grinders.
You should chew your food better.
I feel indifferent. On one hand, stupid DRM sucks. On the other, more popular games are hacked quicker, allowing me to try them out. Hacked games are almost always better than the legal versions.
You can smoke hookah with wine...
"Bi" is just a latin prefix, meaning "two". Same principle as "bicycle", "tricopter" or "quad bike".
Nah, Europeans hate smokers just as much as anyone else. It's banned in a lot of places, some countries banned smoking in parks and various popular public places. I think Austria is the last one where you can smoke in restaurants. They usually have separate, well ventilated areas for smokers.
I never rinse rice. Stickiness depends on the brand more than anything else.
&gt; If you blink and miss the sign, you have no idea what kind of road you're on? Well then pay attention and don't go *that* fast, then you won't miss signs.
There is, but there's no point in using it. Let's be honest, google already knows pretty much everything about us (Chrome, Gmail, Youtube, etc.), disabling "Anonymous location reporting" won't do much. On the other hand, it benefits all other users. Google uses all that real-time data to determine where the traffic jams, road works and accidents are and suggests a faster route.
&gt; Are they planning something? Yes, they're searching for another old calendar or a vague prophecy about rivers of blood.
&gt; Except they don't. # &gt;If you turn on location history, then they track your location These two statements of yours contradict each other. Sending anonymous usage data is on by default. I'm guessing that your travel speed and location are in that data.
Come on, old Hondas are sweet little cars, especially if you want to start working on cars as a hobby and need a cheap start. They're reliable and easy to fix.
Nah, they just use angle grinders and Dremel tools.
Wait, really? Fuck...
80 tools? Damn, I don't have that many. 32 tool holder in mine, it's enough for pretty much all the parts I make.
Out of how many? I mean, what's the percentage of failed drives?
Six seats that move, headsets and Oculus for everyone. Didn't ask the price. http://i.imgur.com/bd4wtI0.jpg
Oh, stop the bullshit. We don't need more women in the industry just for the hell of it, or to make sure that it's all "fair and even". We don't need more men either. We need photographers. Hiring someone because of their gender and not because of their skills is sexism, even if you hire a woman.
&gt; But watching the three of them do something incredibly stupid makes me chuckle. It's like one of those shows in the movie Idiocracy. Someone farts and you laugh.
Mhm...
Geographically it's in Central Europe, as the center of Europe is next to Vilnius. Culturally it's in Eastern Europe, as we're all still against gays and half of our population believes that it was better in the Soviet Union. Visually we're Northern Europe, since we're right next to Sweden, which is Northern Europe. We are moving towards the Northern countries culturally, though. People are becoming more educated, technologies are improving, wages are rising.
Insanely fast, radar-invisible robots would be quite cool, right?
Why are you asking me, I don't have super-intelligence yet.
I didn't go back there. So many other things to see around the city, so little time. I doubt it would be much more impressive than Google Cardboard, considering that you don't get any controller or anything. It's just a video.
Now weld it to the boat and get a seriously awesome amphibious thing!
One more photo is missing. You didn't power-wash your legs.
GTA V is such bullshit. They suddenly increased the price to 75 euros (used to be 60 when it came out on PC) and then made a "massive discount" down to 55 euros.
Tried Spotify and Google Music. They're both essentially the same thing. Playlists, discovering new music, downloading stuff for off-line listening, etc. The only difference is that Spotify costs 7 euros per month and G Music costs 5, so I use Google Music.
&gt; Up until 1990 USSR didn't have an official language. Yea sure. Everyone just used English.
Doctor.
I felt sorry for the guy. I mean, $8000...
Still better than UAB Molesta.
Lithuania is quite okay with it, though. All those refugees will run to UK or Scandinavia as soon as they can, anyway.
It's "hole", goddammit.
How batshit insane are you?
It's expensive because it's gold. Crush it all you want, gold will still be gold.
Do you think the same about their food?
Generally everyone (especially women) are expected to have children at some point. Friends, parents and various relatives will constantly complain about wanting a grandson and stuff like that. Reddit is one of few places where childfree people are supported, so putting it out here makes sense.
This is not one of those times.
Nope, it's a drain.
[This one.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z8uCeyUl_9U)
You have some good points, but I disagree that legalizing lane splitting will make lane splitters more cautious. It will just make bikers feel even higher above all other road users than they are now. We don't have that many bikes here (it rains or snows for three quarters of the year) yet they themselves are the cause of most bike-related accidents. Usually due to speeding and ignoring normal, simple, old rules, such as no cutting off cars, obeying the traffic lights and similar stuff.
Every new update will be paid DLC. Wanna go to Duna? That's a DLC. Wanna add larger boosters? DLC. Wanna collect science from the North Pole? Yup, DLC. Just like Minecraft.
I always just continue driving normally. They're blowing past everyone, that's why I nearly hit them. It's kind of difficult to expect a biker to speed up to me, lane splitting at 40+mph through traffic, ignoring all traffic signs and rules. Obviously I'm not going to hit them or try to scare them in any way. My car is quite rare, so finding new body panels would be a bitch. It's not me who has to drive more cautiously or respect them. It's them who need to grow up and start obeying some rules, if they want to get any respect from anyone. They're not too different from cyclists, in many ways. For these guys, road is about friendship and sharing and car drivers are so selfish and not friendly. That's until there's a red traffic light and they just ride past it, because fuck that shit.
Ha, that's never going to happen. Small studios release games in Alpha state, say that they will finish them and often abandon them somewhere mid-way. Large studios are too large to avoid pre-orders, look at Simcity, GTA V and stuff like that. They're still broken, even if so much time has passed.
People get shot by police literally every day. Often for no reason at all. Often when running away. How many of them do you see on the news?
What about the speedometer? It should show significantly lower speed than with stock wheels, right?
I unsubscribed from that place because it was just a constant stream of fat ugly people wearing colourful scarfs.
No. He only sleeps in ashes, which aren't all that dirty, really. Way cleaner than those guys who sleep in their own shit and vomit, and have all sorts of infestations in their hair and clothes.
Do you remember how the first plastic 3D printers looked? They were tiny and their results were pathetic. A couple years later and they're printing very high quality, strong (or weak, you can choose) parts of any shape. Same will happen with metal. First steps are obviously ugly, but the quality will improve very quickly.
The best thing about these old movies is that this is definitely not CGI, they were actually falling into huge cakes and throwing pies into each other's face.
Things can be true, wrong, or somewhere in the middle. If I told you that I have a million dollars in cash, would you believe me? No, you'd say "Prove it, because I don't believe you". You're not saying that I definitely, absolutely don't have a million dollars, and it's not your task to prove that I don't have them. It would be my task to prove that I do. Same with god. You can claim that it exists, but I don't believe you. Prove it, or I will remain in my state of disbelief.
It can charge an iPad once? Doesn't iPad have a 6600 mAh battery? I'm guessing that 11200mAh in the description is like a model number or something, not actual capacity. Similar to those knock-off chinese iPhone 3G phones, which didn't actually support 3G networks and "3G" was just a name of the phone.
At least I'm not fat.
I provide jobs to 8 year olds who would otherwise starve to death.
All dedicated dashcams (and then some action cameras too) will record in loops. You choose the length of a video file (3 min, 5 min, etc.) and it just records these short clips until it fills the memory. Then it deletes the oldest file to make room for new ones. All dashcams have a "Save" button, you press it and they won't delete that file. I usually drive a few months before I need to take the card out and copy all the saved files to my PC.
G1W-C is a capacitor version instead of a battery, recommended to those who live in very hot or very cold places. Batteries are not good with extreme heat.
These are so minor that I can't even. Lots of real estate was returned. If a building couldn't be returned (say, there's a business in it, which has already invested a ton of money and evicting them wouldn't do any good) then the applicant is offered another property of equal value. These cases have been going on since the independence and they will continue for many years, so it's not that. As for exams, they are just looking for things to complain about. We have more foreign-language schools in Lithuania than any other country in the world, yet they still complain. Half of those schools are half-empty, yet the communities still protest against changing them into normal schools. They don't really want to assimilate, even if it would be beneficial for everyone in the long run. You can't get a job in Lithuania if you don't speak the language. Of course, unless you live in one of those few small areas with Polish majority. &gt; There were laws for protection of minorities and all. Minorities no longer need protection. No one is discriminating them. One of the biggest debates right now is whether to let them use Polish letters in their names, in passports.
Overtaking like that is very common and accepted in Poland. I just went there for holidays last week. I was going down a country road like this and there was a big trailer truck coming the other way. And then another similar truck decided to overtake that one. I think I even got it on camera.
Literally hundreds of insanely smart people with millions of dollars at their disposal are working to make sure that the car goes as fast as possible. The car can't go very fast if the driver is really uncomfortable and loses all sense of his feet after 30 minutes. So I'm guessing that it's actually quite comfy, even if a bit cramped in there.
&gt;There is a section in the side bar saying where to start and what to buy. &gt;A quick Google search of “Best quads for beginners” will yield at least 20 useful results. &gt;There are also hundreds of build guides on Youtube See, that's the problem. As a recent beginner myself, I was just so overwhelmed by the amount of information. Hundreds of search results mean hundreds of different opinions, a hundred people naming a hundred different combinations of components as the absolute best for a beginner. I can understand why some people might want some advice/answer aimed directly at them. I did my own research and figured that the best way is to simply copy someone else's setup that works well. I would find a build log and start looking for identical components, but then something would be out of stock. Or some motors would have an upgraded version available for a lower price, but then you need different ESCs, or a different battery. Then you need larger props to fully utilize those motors, which means that your frame will be too small. You get the idea. I just bought a HobbyKing 250 quad, which comes with everything except the flight controller and RX/TX. Around $100 and it flies, even though it's fairly shitty and I could've gotten a better setup for the price.
Heyy, Lithuania!
Here it's a shortening for "speed-o-meter".
&gt;&gt; You just said that Vilnius belongs to Poland. &gt; Oh did I? Can you please provide a suitable quote? Sure, it's right [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3almeo/lithuania_to_become_first_country_to_arm_ukraine/csdxuz0). &gt;If anything the city has hardly been ever "Lithuanian" except in some ancient time when it was a castle. Similarly so were the lands around the city. You can easily find the maps and data on the internet. Baltic Lithuania was to the north. &gt;If people feel bitter about Vilnius it is because the city was Polish between the wars and then when it was taken over by Soviets So Vilnius was never even part of Lithuania. Cool. You really have a lot of similarities to Putin, he thinks that the soviet occupation never happened. &gt;&gt;because it was founded by Polish people &gt;And to this too... It's called sarcasm. I wouldn't expect you to understand it. &gt;Poland was the first independent country to recognize independent Lithuania - Oh cool, you continue making shit up. First was Iceland, it's an important piece of our history, so even young schoolchildren know that. I'm surprised that you don't, because you talk like an expert of Lithuanian history and educational system. Then it was Denmark, Slovenia, Russia, Croatia, Latvia, Norway, Hungary, Argentina and France. Only then, after all those countries (you decide if they're independent enough for you) on 25th of August 1991 those countries were joined by Bulgaria, Italy, Canada, Poland, Malta, Portugal, Romania, San Marino and Ukraine. So yea, you're not all that helpful. By the way, Polish occupation of Vilnius in 1920-1939 was an occupation. I know that you think differently and it's fine. You're a pathetic little nationalist who shouts a lot, yet fails to see the hypocrisy. Fix your own country before telling others to fix theirs.
Hot girls are hot, they look like someone to have wild fun with. Cute girls, the ones you would want to marry.
Is English version really the most accurate? Picking on tiny details seems kind of silly.
&gt;Namely, there are people who have private experiences of God. Hearing God speak to you, feeling the presence of God, and so on Human mind is a very fragile and imperfect thing. Hallucinations and weird thoughts appear often. Personal experiences are absolutely meaningless. If god communicates with you in some way, then he's interacting with our physical world. One way or another, it can be measured or observed. Do it, post results, then we'll talk.
My bath is in a separate room from the toilet. I have a trashcan in the toilet for visitors. Toilet paper is flushable and toilet paper rolls go in the normal bin.
Well, they *are* black...
Because they look like someone who's looking for fun and not a serious commitment. Someone who will leave you as soon as a better option becomes available. Obviously there are exceptions, this is just an initial impression. I'm way more attracted to cute girls than hot ones for this reason. I'm not looking for short-time fun.
Because it's dangerous. Lanes on roads are for a reason.
I cleaned bathrooms for one summer in a factory. Men are way cleaner than women.
Don't feel too bad, our free channels are also stuffed full of ads. Sometimes there's even a little spinning banner in the corner during The News. Advertising some stupid cough syrup or something. Paid ones aren't, though. They do have commercial breaks, but they only show trailers of other shows on the same channel and what's coming up next week.
It was not supposed to be a monopoly scheme. Here in Lithuania we have a similar system, except that the government issues special number plates for taxi cars. This ensures that all taxi cars are licensed, regularly checked (strict technical inspections every 6 months) and the drivers pay all the taxes. This was needed because lots of illegal taxi drivers existed, who would stand near train stations and similar places and ask people if they need a taxi. These guys weren't paying any taxes, their cars were pieces of shit with barely working brakes and they would overcharge you if they saw that you're new in the city. Uber is just like these illegal guys, no taxes, no background checks, no technical inspections (for normal cars inspections are done once in 2 years, they're less strict), the drivers could easily be serial killers for all you know. Also, just for context, we have several taxi companies who use smartphone apps, have wifi in their cars (some even have Android tablets to play around). There's also a new app called Taxify. It's just like Uber (see where your car is, leave reviews, pay by card or add the payment to your phone bill) except that you have to be an actual taxi driver to show up on the map.
&gt; With words like "breeding" I used words from *underthesign*'s comment. I'm sorry if that offends you. You can call me islamophobic if you want, I won't tell on you. Islam in Europe brings nothing but pain and deaths.
Sigma 17-50mm F2.8, more than enough for typical holiday stuff. I also took 50mm F1.8 just in case, but never used it.
That's exactly what Europe is trying to do. Unfortunately, many immigrants don't really like these "consumerist, indecent" Europeans who mock their holly religion.
There's a really high possibility that they came from Eastern Europe, as buyers from those countries are almost as common here, as local buyers. Buyers from Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan and all that region are common here.
&gt; Sometimes these are also one whole piece There's no such thing. I have had many holes in exhaust systems of my cars over the years, never bought a whole thing. Just cut the rusty bit out with an angle grinder and weld new one in. Any decent mig welder could do it.
Oooh, we should have a thread with these.
So what is it?
[Amazon](http://www.amazon.co.uk/SanDisk-2GB-microSD-Card/dp/B000X4B30O/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1435405944&amp;sr=8-2&amp;keywords=micro+sd+2gb) is full of these.
Because they're preventing future profit. Even if you donate these fancy chairs to some not-so-fancy home, this home will now have a chair. So they won't buy a new chair for a long time, as they just got a brand new one. High quality, too.
I'm really loving the Electro Swing genre, [this stuff.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C6-TWRn0k4I) I haven't met anyone who didn't like it.
Stop saying "as a cancer patient".
Great. And what are we going to do with millions of migrants who will follow?
Unless you're good looking and know how to talk to the ladies.
We should buy it. Get some money together and just buy it. All the testing and science equipment could be thrown away, since it's probably useless anyway. Make a few cabins inside, a bar or something and then take people for a ride around some big lake.
She sounds like a bitch. They're doing her a service by hiring her. They're not obliged to do that. And now she's calling them names for "making her work more than she normally would." Well, bitch, don't take the job if you don't like it. Also, she most definitely can afford a babysitter.
Underground is heating pipe. Warm.
Do you know what fuel it takes? Is it standard jet fuel?
Well, it is way safer than any other reliable source of power that we have, soo... Burning coal kills way more people than nuclear power, due to pollution and cancerous stuff in the smoke.
328i seems to be way higher class car than a Mondeo, I think. Here a new Mondeo costs 22 000 euros, new BMW 114i (5 door version) costs 24 000. Not that much of a difference. It's even smaller with used cars.
&gt; pansexual What the fuck is that.
