Rainbowsix, game is like bf4 content with csgo competitive. Im a poor guy :(
im sure theres much of guides out there, but i prefer to hear from fellow redditor's - As a prot warrior, how can i keep much aggro and not get "out" aggro by big dmg by your teammates? Im lv 71 so i have a pretty good size of skills, but i feel like sometimes when i pull alot, theres always that 1-3 npc going for healer,ranged dmg.
what watts do u vape on?
i feel like tos brings back old mmo genre feels making players more social like they were back in maplestory, ro,etc
this is well detailed and easy to understand, thanks! btw will my lantency on online games such as csgo,wow go from 20ms to 300?
its red horse
MMorpg is the next big thing
where did u get this ?
One way to track down gold spammers, When we get those surveys, make sure it tracks our blocklist.. So the high amount of names being block = gold spammer, ezpz
what rank do i need for that?
clicking client doesnt do anything, also do u know whats the required ms?
i hear ingame under 70 is minimum for kfm..
i heard this was not accurate at all?
nah u just cant aim/time it right.. bns introduce me to this new action pvp feel.. just gotta get use to it. its not ur typical tab targgetting locked type, it requires you to move your mouse more often
game went from being fun and knowing your teammates are on par with your mind level, to i gotta carry this shitty silver 4 while the rest of are gold 1 and diamond 5...
nah u just suck
irrelevant
irrelevant
is there a way to contact support to delete my character? 7days for lv 20 alt is too long -.-
The division.. hyppee!
lv 43 vs 28 dafckk
summoners were a pain but i figure out how i can beat them, just purep ressure on the player not cat.. make sure to Q . E aloooot... if ur up close to them, its an ez win.. spam tab as gap closer..
am i the only guy who doesnt give a shit about the drop of graphic quality? this game is the game ive been wanting as a fps/mmorpg type player.. hyppeee
havent been on ecr lately, did u guys announce the flavor for Mr. E? my guess was pixie candy powder
what can we use gold for anyways? im new and havent even gotten to cap
Nikita Chuck
got the code! ty, is there anyway we can predownload
lv 20 is best early lvl to start, i reach gold at lv 26.. only loosing to summoners and fm cuz their cheese at low lvls
cuz their bunch of fat greedy cash grab company.
play a class that requires skills?
too bad this game is click to win =[
is there any guild wars?
is there any stream now? its 28th for me
if u read the damn Post, im asking how will classes be balance when the new patch is up ( lv 50) -.-
ur soo cool
u need to download wtfast, and run division through there.. its a common issue. and the only fix we have for now is that u use WTFAST
i have settings to low-med, but still getting constant freezes in party plays ( medical hospital/stadium dungeon/mission )
4 classes and still unbalance lmao.. also having to only zerg vs zerg sucks, looking for 1v1 is a pain..
just recieved a txt saying, my tmobile hotspot is at 80% and at 100% speed will be down to 120kbps.. im using tethered as my internet for my pc ( usb connected to my s4 ~ pc ) but it also stated that my data on my s4 will still be high speed, is there anyway i can use that as internet through tether ? ( newbie here )
im stupid, i thought i needed mobile spot to use tethering lmao.. btw, does x-amount of uses = decrease of speed?
found a fix, once im ingame ( character login ) i exit out of wtfast.. seems like the vpn was the problem
did we get any patch?
first character i played was assassin, got lv 15 and went straight to gold lmaoo. assassin controls the match all the time! once u learn your skills its fcking a walk in the park. Anyone who disagree is either an assassin or just trolling. If u want a real class, go kfm or bm..
can u share this :)?
never heard this site, did anyone else buy from this site?
not sure if ur just a white knight or blind... assassin is pretty fcking simple class, stealth &gt; dmg &gt; re-stealth &gt; apply bleeds &gt; stealth &gt; win.
ur tl:dr has about the same words and numbers of sentence in your op.. Lol
ToS
is it better to have both leads in the same top holes for 1 coil, and the other coil both in the bottom holes?
i have this pre-made fused clapton coil dual. 26g/36g Kanthal wire 6 wraps.. should i lower it to 5 for a 50-60 watt evic mini mod? or 6 wrap is enough for the evic mini
this shit getting me light headed, and i never get light headed from vaping.. ( i have all my juices 3mg ) do you think its safe to vape, and ill probably get use to it?
is this a bad batch then? or its just a very old juice.. i feel shit after awhile of vaping this ( after a few puffs )
im looking for a simplier UI addon, sort of like WoW-Bartender i just want to tweak the placement of health bars also show my cd's ( like omnicc in WoW )
I mainly wana go magicka cuz i heard stam dk only spam that wrecking skill.. im a main DPS dont really care much for tanking,support
so any weapon set u listen above works well ? or does one over power the rest in terms of DD/survivability
what build do u recommend for magicka dk? upon doing some more research, ima main magicka.. also is dunmer the masterrace of magicka dk? as for leveling, should i focused of s+shield or destro and for 2nd weapon set restro staff?
Is there any major advantage of going dark elf? i really like AD ( not ep sry i got mix up with the two lol ) cuz i hear they have alot of pvp guilds, and a populated pvp community or is EP currently the most populated community for pvp? Dark elf or high elf? also for weapons, is staff best for leveling? then level s+shield at max level for pvp?
Im currently using destro and its really fun, im surprise how i have to really pay attention and not spam skills due to the NPC actually moving,attacking at this early level. As to build wise, im def going with magicka.. But i can't really give you a specific "role" other than DPS, because i have no idea what DK are in endgame PvP.. other than burn your opponents with fire. Like posted, i prefer melee overall. What builds would you recommend for high potential Dmg, while having survivability as DK? mind giving me some general build routes? then i can decide for myself what i would be aiming for in endgame. ( mainly PvP, and PvE for gearing up )
Daddys milk b-x vapor.. yummmmyy
ESO best community mmorpg ive ever experienced... i even made a craft-or/dealer that makes me gears each 10-20 levels lol ;D
so im not destroying my gpu? the sound of the fan seems like its about to come right off the case lol
can it handle long term play? 3-8hours non stop, or should i take a few breaks ( shutting down game, letting it cool )
Dungeon fighter for monk
isnt velocity a dual coil rda?? how does she vape single coil?
for that nb, what race do u recommend goin as ?
make ur own damn build!? lol, if u have tried "all" and still need other builds for you to play, is sad..
which is more optimal for high dmg, and fast kills? 2h or dw
just out of curiosity are you a mageblade? whats your generally thought on pvp as a mageblade? (do you find yourself lacking in certain areas, thats critical for NB, but makes up for something thats worth it?) Would u say their a threat in pvp?
REKT
i did 28/32 fused clapton, pretty hard at first, but i got use to it.. ( went through 70ft of wire on the first try lol )
I would like to get Mad max
WHat rank are u ;)?
will i have problems with stam regen/ maintaining enough stam to last me in long fights as a fresh 50 on BwB/azura
will i have problems with stam regen/ maintaining enough stam to last me in long fights as a fresh 50 on BwB/azura without CP ( pvp wise, and leveling 1-50 )
currently 50% discount atm!.. if u wana buy through official.. but g2a has it for $20 iirc also, game is evolving... zenimax does weekly q/a for community, and every 3 months we get new dlc/content:D they stated we'll get housing,and capes !
publisher for western is aeria games GG
gw2 hss no mounts,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=So0PD_BfXLk
Dont get imperial, imo its not worth it.. but you do get the race, mount, pet.. and other small bonuses https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=So0PD_BfXLk
theres no momthly pay, once u buy it.
might buy the xm300, looks good. But hows the life span on it? ( have you hear any clicking issues,etc )
my first mouse was D-A.. loved it! does this mouse have any problems with clicking? ( as a gamer, i click almost a million times a day )
tbh, i prefer they put up new pvp content rather than another new quest expansion.. us pvp'ers are dying for anything new...
Ecigs death - 0 Cigarretes - ∞
whats the difference between an unwrap battery, and a wrap battery??
yo mind sharing me ur spots? im currently in pc, and no one here likes to grind
what mouse would u recommend me, price range under $50, but feel free to include some really worth spending mice
i play on what i find comfort, back in 1.6 iirc i was playing under 1 sensitivity lol ( was using deathadder ) But now im not competitive anymore, i just play for fun on csgo.. although im really hardcore on league, and Eso
im worried how the server system based are.. since i heard you can play on custom mades ( like cs custom srevers, surf maps,etc ) will we be able to use 1 character for any servers?
its new, straight from the guys coil case
yea thats the way i did it, and the coils are new. neever been touch
Tank tracks !
PC, NA-AD how much will it cost to buy a full "new player" package set? im a Stam NB, and looking for complete set ready. - Levels 25-49 sets - Hunders rage 5 medium or night silence? ( prefered blue or greater ) with exploration traits
Typical ill just tell them to stop and defend, if were behind so that we can farm. If its middle ground, no one is on advantage, ill just help.. as gold can be earn when you fight..
it is a mobile game, thats taking them over 2-5 years to release lol..
Just go and buy ESO, reminds me much of GOT
why not ask in zone chat for group? then join as random dungeon? or u cant in vet levels?
just a curiousty, whats your goal as a developer? also are you focus on parts for PvP contents, or more so polishing the game/ pve content
you dont really use controllers for World of warcraft-type games.. theres atleast more than 12+ skills to use.. also its more efficient. But if you do plan on using controllers, i suggest games that support and is playable using a controller like The elder scrolls online. Or Tera but these games are high end graphics, and im not sure if your pc can handle it..
People tend to go the meta weapons cuz its faster, what i learn from this game is, do as you pleased! anything works
