You've got a friend in me (bah dum bah dum bah)
"Where are my testicles, Summer?". That was all I needed.
-heavy breathing-
You glorious bastard
Not sure if emoji analysis translates to swearing but maybe
Or since day 1
I love the idea. Maybe 6-8% less damage each time? (IE, Skarmy could still hard-counter it)
Mostly tap spells (except zapping hordes) and drag troops
IT'S YOUR BOY
Are we allowed to keep Floyd I'll fight other people for him
Think he's worth 2 years 9 mil?
Easily bent, flexible?
LET'S GO!!!
I mean, 28 TDS to 2 INTs is almost as sexy
Easy bent, flexible?
I think I'd rather have Blount get one more to get past 2009 Peterson.
We're on to... uh... either KC, Houston, or Miami?
Was the Floyd block on there and I just didn't see it? Great job as always.
By running into his center's ass?
My list adds Denver but yeah. Some teams are as good as we are, and a loss does not a season make.
Easily bent, flexible?
It's been a long time gone
And James Earl Jones is pretty old
I think it was when she was declared stable
...Captain Deadpool
I think we may need some kind of... wall... to keep that ice royalty out... wait a sec isn't this on the holonets?
So- Night's King- Brady Snow- Luck/Rodgers Dany- Eli That's as far as I've gotten
Back in the original, they had these clearly fake minivans with missiles. As a loyal stormtrooper, I frequently repurposed them for Imperial dominance.
Username checks out.
So... you OK?
Somebody call PETA. Our new WR seems to enjoy dolphin cruelty.
Wow. Isn't that amazing? I mean, shit. I got motion sickness just from looking at it.
Baby: "hey I want my arm." Dog: "no."
Presented by Bill Belichick, is the 2016 Bill Belichick CotY Award, presented to... Bill Belichick
Yeah, if Bill Belichick joined Reddit.
Am now officially convinced you're the crazy dude from that one Poe story
Hello children
The 'depressed birthday existential crisis' phase.
Sexy as hell (yeah right) Babes knocking on the door (they aren't)
The best part is I love you and you have a great time with you guys I hope you're having fun
Dude Portal was the shit
He's the man who's gonna burn your house down! with^the^lemons^
Up
No let's not do that
1
As is tradition
I'm like 90% sure it was because of Destiny (the game), but I remember the first time I made an account I was driving back from Florida and didn't have anything to do (I'm from NE)
Shit. In no particular order Civil War Deadpool Rogue One Dr. Strange Mad Max Matrix Bee Movie Batman v Spermicide I'm sure there were more but those are the ones I remember
A Song of Ice and Fire
Probably, but those were the movies I saw for the first time in 2016
EB, Hog, Zap/Log. 12 elixir
Sparky, Ewiz, Zap, Lightning, Tesla... what am I missing?
Play
r/empiredidnothingwrong
Boobs?
s..e..n... oh.
Physically? 3-4? Personality-wise? Maybe a 7?
Oh god no
I'd love to find this. Is there a way to get this under $30 on Xbox?
You just leave whoever you hit... stunned.
While wondering about good Elite Barb counters, I kept finding myself using the Log and Ice Golem. So, why not combine those cards into one? Quake Wizard essentially fires off a short range log every two seconds, complete with knockback and inability to hit air troops. It also works as a more offensive version of Bowler.
Wider range and higher damage, but they are similar
I've been looking hard enough for several years. I basically grew up playing SWB1, and I've always wanted to play the sequel,
This only worked with gold storages for me. But it definitely works, you all should do it.
The spirit of the rule
Don't be ridiculous. It's only 36 between all of them
Dumbass? Some of it is hard to make out. /S
g10.50 I think
What? All the way back to 1550 now?
Maybe literally!
...what?
...no?
Kneel before the True King, God-Emperor Belichick. Hear his name and tremble!
It's ok
Double elixir, pump, clone, and mirror. I did this with goblins once.
...No. That's not how it works.
Guards, Ice/Golems, Giants?
Do you have some spare attic space I could borrow for 4 years and 2 weeks
That's not how it works
With this many broken promises, maybe he'll break his promise to be president? I mean, this is what he ran on. A 40-foot tall concrete wall through swamps and rivers.
No way. There's no way he could do that! /s
That is simply not true. I bet he cares about his children and maybe his wife. So, 5. 5 of the American people.
North Carolina resident. Here, we just call this Tuesday. EDIT- not the snow, mind you. The bad driving.
Teacher
No that's what he would do if he was
Thought this was r/politics for a sec
...Barbarians, Minions, Hog Riders...
I had a L7 Hog as a L6. I... was in Arena 4 for a while.
...fine, I'll call them. r/Dreadfort, get over here.
You're in on it aren't you
I am the sand guardian guardian of the sand
Idk man looks good to me
Ugh. I was stuck there for MONTHS.
The MGL, Charge Rifle, and Archer are your friends. Use them to fatal Titan score.
My PE teacher is actually a pedo. Or at least, that's what he looks like. It's kind of a running gag.
I'd change the matchmaking so you only play people within 100 trophies (50 on each side), and 1000 exp (stopping most 9v10s, and all 9v11s).
Falcons, Cows, Hawks, Pack. In that order.
Bold Prediction- the Patriots cover the spread late
I'd LOVE to get the Chiefs at Gillette, but I think we're the best team left.
Gronk's out- are we healthy?
