how about that the scar is the gun in the image? im guessing a tiny % knew that
or you rethink what he wrote
You can't replay missions though. This method is a leak.
well you get extra points if you get a kill with it. so if you're trying to win it can be an interesting choice between more points/favored weapon.
ehhh kind of semantics i guess. currently without this method, you can play it once on a specific map. with this method that valve didn't make public you can do it whenever you want on a variety of them. I don't really care whether it's a leak or not. Glad OP posted though it's kinda fun and I'd like to be able to mess with it more than just the one time.
Hey man I don't come around here as much as I used to but I've seen your analysis recently and it's excellent. Very little opinion, lots of concrete facts organized in a narrative. Great contributions.
They've already been doing this for at least 2 years+. It has always been in their catalogs. For select ssds/ram it lists a price when bought in a combo. It just doesn't advertise it elsewhere. I got that combo when I put my PC together a long while ago.
i bet the same way! I've even made some money off some luck (opened a tf2 hat with a free key long ago and sold for $100). When I'm watching a game I've bet on, you've never seen someone care so much about .08 before!
I think I'm just really trying to figure out a way to continue to see her and not get hurt lol... Initially my emotions were in check. Maybe not so much anymore... I think you've brought me to the same crux that I got to typing all of that out. Thanks.
nah that's not true. it's the silencer + tighter spread
I will never use it because of the stance on adblock. I respect the choice but I and many others aren't interested in it for this reason.
Very true, but analysis and betting strategy are two different things. It's a good thing that so many people play "pick-the-winner" for guys like you and me though.
omg...
lol when should one be trying to scam someone? he's a scared kid -- pathetic by your account -- and yet he's still got you all riled up. I'd much rather see someone who makes a mistake correct it, even if not by their own initiative, rather than leave the deed unexamined. There's a chance he learned something.
I actually agree completely. I think the issue is that there are just a limited number of niches for pistols. They aren't weak, just situational. The only thing to buff on them would be armor pen. And if you make them viable against armor I think you have to make it swappable with 5-7/tec-9 because they would just be redundant. Lack of armor pen is actually what gives it a unique place.
Ya agreed. It deserves its own slot soley based off the fact that it fulfills a unique niche compared to all the other pistols. The guns it swaps with are for entirely different use cases and you should have to pick which one is available to you before the game.
bad odds = good odds!
considering how much money valve is raking in off micro-transactions, and how micro-transactions directly fund a much bigger prize pool in their other competitive e-sports game, I think it's a very fair point regardless of olof being the one to make it. at the very least you have to wonder why there isn't a specific micro-transaction used to fund majors. Is The International Valve run? in contrast to the solely 3rd party valve-endorsed CSGO majors?
I like that. Leaves the judgement out. Opinion-less. I used to follow more closely and think, at least by my standards, I got pretty good at figuring real odds. It was all from watching a ton and seeing how teams fared against eachother. Beyond that and the random technical detail (a team is very good/bad at a map, stand-in, etc.) I think people buy into "noisey" details too much and it skews lounge odds. It's like "Hey - here is all of the relevant information organized in one place for you to make a judgement on." That being said, I guess you're right that it isn't very substantial *analysis* but I find it much more useful than someone giving their opinion based off facts (or not) that they don't flesh out in their post. I frankly put very low value in other people's opinions on real odds (I think most people suck at it), but I do appreciate someone who can summarize the relevant facts.
What about a site that serves as some sort of betting "hub?" I imagine a front page with the most bet on active match playing, lounge match odds with links, a section for analysis (or links/scraping /r/csgobetting), chat, links of current bettable matches, etc. some sort of betting "hangout." right now the place you bet is different than the place you watch which is different than the place you talk about it. i wonder if you can bring it all together to clarify, im not talking about a betting service - the idea is to link to csgolounge and use that userbase, not try to carve your own niche alongside them. that's probably a terrible idea.
Ya I have no illusion that they are tier 1 teams. It's just primarily what I watch (just works out time-wise) so I don't really consider that people might think I'm talking absolutely. Anyways, I've found most people over-exaggerate the skill difference between the top tier 1 NA teams and the bottom ones. The underdog wins more than *expected* and everyone screams "wow never betting NA again, so inconsistent" when in reality they are just overrating the top teams. You're definitely right to think most all NA games are risky, but that's a good thing depending on your betting strategy.
no he wasn't. someone contacts you with a threat then you block them.
i've been gn 4 for several weeks as well. won about 60% of those games and I'm top of the leader board almost every game. A handful of those have been with friends above my rank where I have also done well. Not a complaint - just echoing that mg has a fairly substantial barrier to get into. I've been surprised at about every win for 2 weeks that I haven't ranked up lol
to play with friends. not saying you're wrong mind you
as far as he knows that just puts him in an uncomfortable situation. there is no telling if that would actually have negative consequences for someone.
not to mention powering on/off your components is probably going to wear them out quicker than leaving it on most of the time, particularly mechanical hard drives. This is *reaaaaally* nitpicking but if we're looking minimal impact things you'd need to consider that. In reality it won't really make a real difference whether you turn it off or leave it on.
I mean I completely agree. No significant difference. But if you're going to over-analyze at least be thorough about it!
this is nice to read man. happy for you. compared to my relationship with alcohol (which has terminated) my tobacco relationship has been working quite well lol. That is comparatively, mind you. It's such a big expense and, while generally acclimated, I can at times really feel the effects it has on my body. The more I've come to smoke the less I enjoy each cigarette.
taste/sensation is the first thing that comes to mind. although this is a bit more of just what you're used to probably. Also, the mech mods that you manually drip liquid onto require substantially more setup than pulling out a cig and lighting it. I refer to those because, of what I've used, they produce vapor most similar to cig smoke. I'm probably being too defeatist though. There is probably a balance out their of throat-hit feel and ease-of-use.
trying to switch from cigs to vaping. pick me!
Ya I hear that. I've learned that instead of waiting for motivation to come I just gotta take some action lol. I've waited a long time for motivation to come in different aspects in my life. Long enough to realize it's never going to and I just have to do something lol
meh idk man. I guess it depends on how you look at it. I had a little over $3 when katowice stickers went on sale for .25. Just sold all 15 for around $13. I know that's more than 50%, but if you can double your money every couple months that's a pretty fat steam wallet after a year.
if you're serious just go to GA. your excuse for not going is weak and just doesnt even make sense
Can you elaborate? Like you set odds then you determine how risky it is? Because I feel like risk is just a factor in the real odds. Either way, I agree with OP but: &gt; If you are good with your analysis and you believe your odds are accurate, you bet against any disparity. I think it's a little foolish to treat personal odds as highly accurate. No matter how informed you are, you can never be sure your odds are accurate. That's fine if you account for it. Give yourself a margin for error. Don't bet if you think odds are off 5% or less. Then, I think what maybe you are getting at, have a base bet and scale that according to how confident you are in your odds and how far off csgl odds are from them. off by 10% and you are confident? bet your base. Off by 20% and you are extremely confident in your odds? Bet a maximum of 3x your base (which should be a small percentage of total inventory - 10% or something). Somewhere in the middle bet 2x base. But betting when there is *any* disparity is overzealous imo. I get the concept and respect it -- not enough people do if you ask me -- but we need to account for our inability to know if we want to bet by EV.
Not for everyone.
lol this fly's in the face of EV betting though because you're not interested in comparing real odds to lounge odds. if that 80% overdog is more like a 90% overdog, that's a great bet.
"wish me luck" the nerve of that guy. he's not my *real* dad.
it fills a cheap niche which I think will always make it relatively popular. in terms of price I don't necessarily think this means it will really be *high*... but I'd imagine it will have quite a bit of demand.
what resolution/settings though? 800 x 600 everything low? at 1366X768 with an i7 2760qm and a k2000m @ low/medium settings I average about 100.
I thought it was going to be 2 pics. First pic: GTA 25%-75% off! Oh boy GTA V must be 25% off! Second pic: GTA V: 0% off
would you potentially be interested in a swap for my ft? mine is .3 float, i see yours is .25.
frankly i suspected this. I think the "no no no walls dont work now because valve broke them" sentiment was a bit naive, even if true. Still quite possibly a workaround. but how do you know?
lol i know you're joking, but if they are distinguished from players for valves purposes, then someone can write software that ignores them for their purposes based off that distinction
These posts make me sick. Read it. Is it good to you? Can't tell? Then don't take a side.
Thanks man. I'll look into libraries. I have the A+ on my radar. I'm currently unemployed though so I didn't want to add the extra expense (considering finding something non-IT so I could get certs + experience, contacts, etc.). I actually decided to put windows server 2012 r2 in a virtual machine to tinker around with active directory after seeing it mentioned so much. Haven't gotten it all setup yet, but it's kind of confirmation in itself that this is probably a good venture for me lol (quite directionless for a long time, recently felt IT was the right direction).
also, do you mean vmware player? not VMplayer - can't find that. Also vmware player isn't free and I was just using virtualbox.
actually you are right - it is free
source?
can you help me pinpoint which shorts these are?
I think (good) case-hardened AK's will be much more resistant to the market getting saturated with new AK's compared to items. It's just a unique niche. Besides the noise you cite (operations, majors, valve market changes, etc.), I think they will only rise.
it's kind of hard to tell if the model's boots are worn or if they're just suede
That's why it's a great label. Calling it all Scandinavian doesn't mean there is little difference within the region. The contrast is with realms outside Scandinavia. Talking about Asian fashion doesn't mean all Asian countries have the same fashion, it's just juxtaposing that entire situation with the West. But you can still be offended if you want to.
hmmm... cologne is how long away? like a month or less? id probably wait until then, assuming it's still a popular betting item (not a max bet). If it's going to drop again a bit then it doesn't give you much time for it to rise between now and then. but is it really that popular of a betting item anymore?
definitely worth checking out. especially since you wont find it for cheaper (assuming HM is as cheap as it gets over there too...). Found [these swimtrunks](http://www.hm.com/us/product/31206?article=31206-A#article=31206-A) in store a few weeks ago after seeing they were sold out online.
something versatile I guess. grey, navy, olive, khaki
fine. i would go with some that end right above the knee. Longer looks dumb on everyone and I'd steer away from anything shorter. I think right above the knee looks better on your body type plus shorter would probably just add to your apprehension.
my chippewa Apaches cut into my shins initially, but only for a few days then everything was fine. cant comment on the other question though
nah that's the real hook. the idea is just an excuse
http://www.reddit.com/r/goodyearwelt/ the fine people here would surely recommend coconut oil.
Well I can't say that I know for a fact that there are no exceptions. And there is nothing wrong with being tall and skinny, but if it's something you want to change I think it can be done. Measuring weight from 1 day to the next isn't very useful - there is just so much variance. You have to look at it by the week. At a 500 caloric surplus you should gain 1 pound per week. I know for myself I will binge but eat less meals. It seems like I eat a lot to myself and even others, but in reality the number of calories is going to be less than someone who eats 3-4 high calorie meals a day with several high calorie snacks. Frankly, I'm just lazy, cheap, and heavily sedate my appetite with coffee and cigarettes.
if you look closely at the y, you'll see ^^that ^^pussy ^^is ^^dripping
This really intrigued me. Looks like a set is going for $250+ on ebay.
i've heard good things about next level's t-shirts on amazon for the price-point. http://www.nextlevelapparel.com/Prod-24-1-27-2/fitted-short-sleeve-v.htm
Yup basically this. Time and patience. If you don't take this approach starting out you're going to end up getting a lot of stuff that doesn't fit well and you don't like that much anyways. The "I have an X$ budget give me a shopping list" posts baffle me - they're destined to still have an unsatisfying wardrobe and they'll have spent a lot on it.
I had good luck with this at a local credit union. I had zero credit to my name. Initially when I set up my account I talked to some associate about a credit card and they advised I'd need to start with a secure card. I didn't opt into it at the time. A couple months ago, and after ~6 months of using the bank, I went in to apply for a credit card and talked to the branch manager. I talked to him about wanting to build credit and asked what my options were. He set me up with a regular card, not a secured card. Establish a relationship with a local bank and approach it, as you are here, as a responsible financial move. If you go in with that attitude (instead of "i need more money") then they will probably be happy to help you by escalating your case beyond the automated channels.
"hey dad I got you a present."
sorry man i have to leave you on that one. it's either anything i can scrounge up straight to my face until I can't find my face anymore or nothing. Thankfully the past several years it has been nothing.
which one is lil b?
a post here reports mirage is dropping again for non-operation pass holders. http://www.hltv.org/forum/807497-operation-bloodhound-drops however I can't find any other sources confirming this, least of all from valve. anyone know? there have definitely been more listings for this item but that doesn't necessarily mean more are out there... could just be more people wanting to get rid of them.
learn to hem!
meaning after that game is over there is a short ban on joining games? that makes sense. No reason to lock you out of the game. Especially when you consider Valve wants to cater to a large audience. The low end of the spec spectrum is a significant portion of it's users and that's whose really hurt here.
Counter-strike players always have and always will complain about hit-reg. Regardless of the state of the game people will be dissatisfied with hit-reg. It's sad because it trivializes some very *real* problems with hit-reg. But in reality, even if those were fixed, we'd still hear it till the end of CS.
That's because people treat their odds as if they're true. You're right - our analysis will fail. Give yourself a 5-10% gap and your *chances* (it's still not a guarantee) of profitability should increase significantly. Also, betting for who you think will win is not inherently at odds with betting for expected value (or "betting the odds"). You can do both. It just means to bet on the favored team when they are less favored on lounge than they should be. In addition, the overpay system in csgolounge throws a wrench in all of this, technically. I think it's the best strategy for profitability but it also requires a substantial bankroll.
Lunatik and Method are very much in the same class and have been for quite some time now. Just both very firmly in t2 NA. If odds are 60/40 or wider I'm betting underdog.
http://files.gamebanana.com/img/ss/guis/547511e09048d.jpg
i can't see why
who banned them? do the same people have authority over tempo?
swag is 2nd highest paid in NA, just saying
ya... CLG has proven they're capable of dipping really low. and it's bo1. They're definitely a heavy favorite but I would say more like 85%. Wouldn't even think about betting on CLG. Might as well place a tiny bet on winout or just skip.
ya, there have been several little market crashes in recent history. tournaments, valve market changes, cases, the new operation, etc. and the redline has not recovered from any of them.
I would put this at 60/40. *Maybe* 65/35 c9 at most. @25% a bet on LG is fantastic. Let's not over-complicate this. C9 is the best team in NA and LG is one of the next best. This argument about map advantage on inferno is just distracting. Noise. Both teams have played well on Inferno. LG has a good chance. Let's see how the odds move.
ya it's quite outdated, but it does a lot of interesting things with the data
how does this stuff get taxed?
meh, she probably gets a lot of attention. how else could we expect her to behave?
There is no NA argument. He's talking about the top tier teams in NA. Why would we start the tier list at 2? It's pretty useless to talk about NA teams in comparison to EU when 90% of the NA teams never play anyone outside of NA, and for the ones that do, it's just a couple times out of the year. The EU scene just isn't relevant to NA teams -- this shouldn't be so controversial.
What? I didn't talk about him once.
caster is so fucking pissed at him. love it
exactly
ahh that's an interesting sub. is there any guide around detailing how to min/max this thing? i imagine it takes some time to figure out the best way to go about it.
G2 and F3 are both kind of sporadic. At their average I don't think they are very far off (but a definite nod to flipside - probably 60/40). F3 is high tier 2 g2 is mid tier 2 and both are very inconsistent, wouldn't you say? 70/30 seems off, given that. I'd put it at 65/35 based solely off the previous games but there is no guarantee how these teams show up. It's 70/30 right now and might fall lower for G2. If it does I think I'm going to bet on G2, otherwise skip.
&gt;I know there isn't a "safe" game, but for example Affinty vs Liquid was pretty safe to me, but Liquid vs Cloud9 was not safe at all. No reason to bet big. Great reason to bet big on liquid lol. I mean it was 77-23 right? that's just insane. I think in general if you have respect for expected value and bet NA most of your bets there are going to be on the underdog. I think one of the best ways to become a more profitable bettor is to break the "bet on winner" mentality. If you skip a lot and wait for games with crazy-wrong odds then you can make a lot of profit.
Well I hope you bet on G2. F3 have a pretty poor payout vs. the risk IMO.
pants?
last season inferno was definitely liquid's best map. not sure if that's changed or if people are just forgetting. overall i agree though. I think liquid has a better chance to win but not by a lot. 55/45 or so
It wasn't very close. Not a total stomp but they took a lead and kept it. Exact same matchup. C9 is definitely the favorite but odds for them are pretty shit right now. I feel like LG is the smarter bet. I'm hoping they drop further in light of the fact that C9 beat them convincingly on the same damn map.
the odds definitely are skewed by liquids recent performance. Not to say that should be totally ignored but it doesn't give enough credit to the full picture (liquid and CLG being very close).
which is exactly why it's misleading http://www.reddit.com/r/csgobetting/comments/3ae3jn/upset_ratio_per_match_odds_and_more/csbt2uc
&gt;After being denied a visitor’s visa, he joined Team Dragon Knights as a substitute to obtain an athlete’s visa. I had no clue people in esports could get athlete's visas. Also, can someone clarify whether or not they will be moving to NA?
Adren did a nice one yesterday against C9. Hadn't seen it before. On Cache, Adren was defusing bomb at default on A site. T came out of main and Adren, while staying on bomb, looked towards squeaky and dropped his pistol. Turned out not to phase nothing (I think it was). But nothing was too far so Adren did end up getting the defuse by a split second.
Throw a negev , pistol it into his face, and declare yourself the one true dunklord.
