gold, it was just for sega as far as i know
I'm a former coder my self. Used to code cheats back in 2007 for CSS and CoD. The problem with these mini updates every 1-2 days is that, well, they are mini. Usually coders have just update offsets and netvars, as an update doesnt mean the cheat is detected, just outdated. So I would rather make a very good AC than a "unhackable" game. VAC idea of sig-scanning isnt too bad, but in the state that is right now, is pretty easy to bypass it.
Ok, so you split up the functions in different branches n shit. Good. But now you have a lot of code to merge. And the same code may be necessary for 2 or more functions. That just won't work.
He was always along my favourites , but in MK9, I was disgusted. They made him like shujinko, doing ( fightinig in this case) blindless, influenced by the " I got to prove something..." cliche. In MKX they make every character, especially the females bitching about him being liu's inferior
Oke, but what could've you done with his older personality. He was even more like Liu Kang, peaceful and respectful. At least now they give him a different personality. I understand that you really like him, you probably wanted him to be the MK tournament winner in the first place. Anyway that backstory, with him being the first choice of the Shaolin is head-in-head with your "driven by duty". His duty was to defend directly earthrealm but he declined. And is probably a back story written by NRS in 5 mins, according to it he was probably better than liu kang. Well the same shit goes for Bo Rai Cho , he could probably takr Goro, Shang Tsung and Shao Kahm all at a time but he was from Outworld and didnt help with the tournament in any way.
Or you have a high sens. This could cause the consistency
No, he is so right. So many bad decisions, especially after WW2. Ok you won a war( lets be honest, they won the East on their own so grats). But after that they decided to close themself in their country, on the mentality " what happens in Russia, stays in Russia" when the whole world was opening, civil rights were establishing, freedom n other shit. But they were trapped in because of the leaders' being so "patriotic". They just wanted to do things on their own and look where they are now
Your arguments are so awful 1) oh man, there are human involved, aswell as 16 tick, trust me, you can get OW so ez. 2)Even if pro players would cheat ( ofc not, they risk too much wtf), you think they cant hide their cheats?
Tho, with the inflation of ranks many LE are now GE
When large playerbase still is at 60 fps 128 tick are just a pain in the ass , afaik. In my class there are 8 CSGO players, 1 with a super computer, me with stable 250 fps on high, one with 150 stable fps and the others around 60 or below. Tho one of them plays on a 128 awp server and he said everything is smoother but sometimes he is moving in frames. No no, no 35 sec when at LEM I still get paired with people without mic/ dont know to call out/ refuse to call out/ cant read the radar.
Oke but in Dota 2 there are no cheaters. The reports are just for chat/ griefing/feeding/ abuse of spells, abilities. You cant have a limited amount of reports where there is at least a hacker every other game
But the guys who are playing with those who cant read the radar shouldnt be punished tho
TDM...
i'm on vacation so i have to play on my potato laptop, and altough its a 64-bit system, running the 64 bit does nothing. Though, -dx11 works wonders
Lol , you wish dat. Probably 4.5k are twice as better as you are. The problem I that, the knowledge of the game, mechanical skills scales with the MMR. So there is a bigger difference between 5k and 3k than 3k and lets say 1-2k mmr.
Its the 5h 32 min meme. I thinks its from the Reborn patch yesterday of 5.5 GB
tho, you can swap it, dont ever sold it. Its still pretty good at splitpushing lategame. Altho he will not be able to manfight many carries In ultra late-game( anyway, you should've finished the game 20 mins ago wtf) he is still super good at splitpushing, and is a big nuisance as he becomes pretty much unkillable if the player is good. You should swap it for MKB most of the time/ Rapira as a last chance to win. So as a carry, you dont really get rid of an item, you just fill the stash with others so dont ever sell the big items. As I gave an example above, you may need that BF for pushing fast until enemy respawns/ butterfly so you can move faster
1. It was very popular back in wc3 dota, so the tradition goes on 2. Well, I must say, its a pretty fun hero tbh. Landing a skillshot, knowing that if you do it you have a guaranted kill its pretty satisfying. Doe, the more the game goes on, you pretty much become a creep with fat HP cuz no one in pub itemise him correctly
Nope, June reached 7999 MMR, look in NoobFromUA last video, in description
S4 4k mmr confirmed Boosted scrub
3 in a row - killing spree 4- dominating 5- mega kill 6- unstoppable 7- wicked sick 8- godlike 9+ beyond godlike
So would you call yourself roughly the best player in the world? Or just the best pubstomper?
If you have been paying attention at diplomatic problems, you can see that Russia ripped Crimeea appart from Ukraine and they stick it to their country ( sorry, I'm not a native english speaker, I dont know the terms for this actions) though western countries does not recognize Crimeea as being a region of Russia. So to punish them, they withdraw all their money and credits invested I Russia banks and facilities. Probably Valve, as an american Company, did this too for politics so the server is not actually situated in Russia
You all talk like you never been frustrated in a game because teammates were feeding/didnt listen
Thats because at their level they dont "screw up". And even if you are at least 5k you wouldnt see any team screwing up. But you, I behind team, you can screw them up by taking fights when their advantage isnt so high. If you turtle in base for like 30 minutes you just drag the game, you will get starved and eventually outfarmed totally. Please dont tag "weird" an action that is actually quite intelligent and should be "normal" and logical
Okay, I meant its not worth turtling if you dont got a super good highround team or super good ultra game. But in his game you just cant do that. Gyro will probably outcarried them, leshrac probably still kick their asses. Anyway, did he actually win that game? 6.83 was a different era. It doesnt matter how many kills they had. Early game, mid game, doesnt even matter. The game was like this: Early game, try your best, farm something bla bla. Mid game: someone is gonna get raped, either you or them. Doesnt matter. Late game: Hoho haha.
&gt; following Christ is truly the best way to live your life. What if you follow Christ but don't believe in God(as I do). I know much of his teaching, probably all lead to God but I don't believe it. But i think his teachings about love, forgiveness, bravery and many others made the world we know now a better world where we learned to respect others. God or no God, i think Jesus had a major role in the development of civilisation.
I don't believe in God myself( although i think Jesus' teachings were great and had great impact on the development of civilisation) but i don't understand something about christians who refuse science. Science and all the theories about creation ( e.g Big Bang) do not disapprove the existence of a Creator. There could be a God who thought all beforehand: the big bang, universe expansion, universe cooling, supernovas, blackholes, physics law etc etc. If God is infinite, i think his creation would be the same
But how did people even wrote Genesis? I mean we can't really take it literally as NT for example where people who wrote it actually saw what happened while Genesis, I hate to say it, but people who wrote it could have been clueless. Or God could have told them how he did ofc but still, you get the point. Also even if God did told them how he did it, i mean, trying to explain star nebulaes or whatever to shepherds, might be hard, all they really need to know was that God created the world
&gt;unique role in His world. I would like to disagree. I don't believe that we are truly the only source of life in this whole Universe nor would i think that God would have waited 13.7~ billion years old to create us if he did not have other plans too
So how old exactly so you think Earth is?
I don't want to change your opinions, i actually truly respect you for believing in them but sometimes seeing is believing is better than believing is seeing. i think its better for believers, even non-believers to think at the Bible as a human construct intended as an expression of faith in God rather than a divine construct intended as an expression of control over humanity
I mean if you take this path, you could also just state scientific arguments which are based on evidence not a 2k+ years old book. You have to consider that even if God explained to the guys who wrote genesis how he created the world, they were a bunch of goat-helders, try making them understand black holes or star's nebulaes etc.. All they really need to know from god was that he created all
Well, what does world mean? Isn't his world his whole creation? Or do you think that there may be another God ?
&gt;I believe love and forgiveness are the most important things about Christianity You found your answer right there. If you love him, i think religion should not get in the way. Just my opinion, religion may mean more to you than it means to me Now we get to the fact that he lied for years, about something you care. I suggest counseling for you two if you still want to give it a chance. But first disscus about things
Well things i don't understand about religion or Christianity for that matter. I hoped they might enlighten me?
I didn't ask for Bible verses. I mean i wouldn't believe people here actually take the Bible 100% literally although i've seen some Young Earth people
Related to your first argument, is the Bible actually 100% word of the God. I may be wrong but i think its best to see the Bible as a human construct intended as an expression of faith in God, rather than a divine construct intended as an expression of control over humanity. Also infinite regression is possible if you think about it although its waste of time IMO. One could argue that, okay, God created the universe but what are God's origins then?
Hehe i guess it sucks to be bound to percepting only 5 dimension, one of which we have no control upon(time). It would be awesome if we could actually find the secret. Perhaps God would be proud of how far his Creation went :). That if he would not destroy us for being a threat lol
I can respect that but I do not actually think that you stone your kids for disobeying. Nor slaving people. Am I right?
Noticing what? I do not believe that Earth is 6000 years old or whatever. I mean yea, Bible suggests it and i can respect people who believe it but Bible also suggest to stone your kids for disobeying or that slavery is fine
Regarding 6, doesnt corruption require morality integrity to begin with. Do you believe that stars have such things? Or did I missunderstood your comment?
So you imply that if i go right now and hit my kids head with a stone is not morally wrong? Whatever then. what's that rational worldview? Ok then. What were the 1000-1 BC people if not agricultors or goat-helders? Engineers? This was not meant to insult them, i was stating the facts, the people from 2000years ago simply lacked knowledge(not that we don't too now)
Ah alright.
But you are wrong anyway. Nobody said that humans lived billions of years ago. Maybe 100k years. The Earth is tho ~4.5 million years old as science states right now. then there is no reason to believe that Earth is 6000 years old when there was found a human skeleton(Lucy, you probably heard about it) dated much much older than 6k. then if human lived with dinosaurs don't you think that there will be some drawings on caves' walls? Or any record of their existence if humans really lived with them. then when the meteor actually hits and dinosaurs die why humans live? Also the cloud of dust would not disipate in 4-6k years so again, theory cracks up. Even if god told Moses how he create the world to write Genesis, be sure that he would not go in details but give him symbolistic explanation(The 6 "days", Adam(Man, bringer of life), etc). All they really needed to know was that God created world not how he did it
http://paleo.cc/kpaleo/fossdate.htm I suggest you study what you claim before stating things like fossils are dated via DNA
But how did they get corrupted(amerindians) if they never heard about jews' God and his Son
For 1 i would go Miracle- especially right now
My bad, i have to read what words are forbidden
Yet people before jesus who believed in Jews god( mainly jews ofc) weren't so peaceful. And God even did encourage them( example when Jews enter Canaan, they murder canaanites. Jesus, though, through his teachings, he made a better world where people actually respect eachother
I'm pretty sure they did said that ranks are gonna change but quality of games are the same.
idk man you were the one implying that stoning kids is right. Where did i say Holocaust is morally right? Give a quote. &gt;And yet 99% of atheists do not murder. This is because all people know God in their heart of hearts. Or maybe becasue there are laws? People are not animals. I guess you subestimate yourself but there are people who can think of themselves and know what is good and what is evil, isn't that the result of Adam eating the apple? Some do not need a God to make them think&amp;act rationally or morally.
Christopher Hithcens 1:3 says "I don't want to believe in God because it would depress me". Did you become an atheist? Now let's be serious, this is a cute, little symbolistic story. When someone is so fanatic that he wants to hijack a plane, a random person won't change their perspective. Even if it does, the part with the FBI is nonsense, those agents would lose their badge next day. Also i don't like it that it is again against Islam. I think Christian should stop mocking muslims. Muslims are not terrorist. Yes, most terorrist are muslims, but it has nothing to do with the general religion just as for example most Christians aren't YEC although many YECs are ignorrant and insult those who believe anything else.
I mean, you seem to really try to annoy them :P in all the posts on this subreddit.
Hi. I am an atheist( although i admire Jesus and his teachings, I just don't believe in an existence of a God) so take everythign here with a grain of salt. 1. Well it depends. Obviously, the Bible states that sex before marriage is a sin. Now, the Bible does not define marriage(althougb many people back then had concubines without marrying them, so i am a bit afraid of making such a absolute claim), but from Paul's writings mainly some thinks that marriage means sex( when you become one flesh with someone) and not nessecarily the ritual we know today. But again, we can't really know what the Bible means. So if you still want to be loyal to your beliefs, then, unless you are 100% you are going to marry this guy( which i am almost sure not, you are still a teenager), don't have sex. Blowjob, i can't really say, from my PoV is okay( well from my PoV premarital sex is perfectly normal too, but I am not here to argue but help you) because you don't really become one flesh with him. Up to you honestly. Now, thing is, you forgot to specific one thing. Does he share your same beliefs? Because many people these days, the majority actually thinks premarital sex is normal and common sense. So you really have to sit down and have that "awkard" talk. Listen to him. Does he agree with all this? Can you find a solution TOGHETER to make it work if he doesn't or are you just simply incompatible. For 2, I can't really answer because I don't believe in a God, but i guess you will know when it happens. Search your feelings. Personal opinion(if you want to hear it): It depends how much your religions means to you. There are people who can be with a person that doesn't share their beliefs or a person who puts religion head of the list. IMO, after all, Jesus' teachings were about mainly Love, and I think that nothing should stay in front of Love, but this is just my opinion. Also I am not sure how old are you? 16-17? Do you feel prepared to have sex, both physically and mentally?( if you decide to, ofc). Also don't have high expectations from first time, consider that you are both inexpierienced. But most importantly, use protction.
There are people in this world that are just cruel.
I am an arrogant flamer. I pick Crystal fucking Maiden every game and go safelane because i identify as a carry. I tell my team to mute me. I then proceed to flame my support for feeding and my mid for not ganking. I lose game. EZ -25 mmr. At the end i say "commend me report X(mid hero) because i am an arrogant flamer. Flamers don't need MMR.
I think you did not comprehend my question. It was satire. Just as in OP story, the terrorist started to believed in God after a series of quotes from the Bible. It's suppose to symbolise how great faith can change other's life. At least i guess so. Well, the Bible has its own bad things, like stoning, slavery, and more specific , when jews entered Canaan God encouraged them to destroy canaanites. Also, Mohammed was somehow similar in his teachings to Jesus before he got in an authority position. When he gained power obv he started to teach more immoral lessons. It's probably unlikely but who knows how would have Jesus act if he gained the same social power
Thats the point. He believes that they are 3 different Gods not one god
Thats sounds as dictatorship rather than democracy. Its not Middle Age anymore where religions were "tolerated". We cannot force people to change their beliefs nor take rights from them. This is not Jesus' way And i am sorry, but how is evil to believe something else. To muslims maybe, itsvil that you believe in God. We can't be 100% sure who is right, we'll see after we die. Anyway religion was never based on 100% facts but rather on faith and hope
I think they should bomb your house... like seriously now, nothing of value would be lost. Sorry mods i will probably get banned but its infuriating to see how someone would want to bomb people that don't share their beliefs
Have you ever considered that maybe Christianity is wrong? And maybe Islam is right or hindu or whatever? Because out there, 5 billion people don't believe in the God Christian worship. You have to respect their beliefs as well. Nowhere in the Constitution says that USA is a Christian country. You can't push your beliefs down someone's necks. You can't tolerate their beliefs because you insult human's rights just as slavery is forbidden. If God would have been atested, like 100% evidence that he exists and Christ is his Son, yes then maybe it would be appropiate to do smth like you said "convert them" or "tolerate them". Maybe. But anyway, at least for the moment Christianity is just like any other religion out there. You simply cannot push your beliefs on someone necks, and make USA a "Christian" country as long as at least 30% doesn't believe in Christian's God, and 60% of the christians are not really "true" christians( i mean there are people who call themselves Christians because they believe in God and Jesus but make no effort to follow them, go to church, etc) and if you think otherwise, i am pretty sad for you.
If it was clear than everyone would worship God. &gt;Yes, before I concluded all the others were false and converted to Christianity. Good for you. You stated it well. "I concluded" Exactly. You. 5 billions out there don't have the same conclusion. I concluded you are ignorrant. Is that possible? Yes. Is it 100% correct? No. What you basically say that if you concluded something, than that is correct
all those can easily be justified by having a low sens + small mousepad. Whenever i try to do a 180 i don't do a single mouse sweep, i have to do a sweep on my mous pad, lift, bring my mouse in initial position, sweep again. The only fishy one is 3 but only because of the shot. His crosshair wasn't even on the player. Also i am pretty sure that his teammate that died on plat gave him deathcam information. SO as he was looking short, teammate calls he is ramp he does his 180 and prefire but obv stops right there, which could be just random, and then adjust his aim.
How is it offensive? Its not 100% as i said but its heavily suggested. How do you explain homosexuality among species like cats, dogs, monkeys, bears, dolphins, birds? Because our current understanding of them and even the Bible suggest so is that they have no soul, so no emotions, can't feel depressed to change sexual orientation. And i don't even understand how could a depression change your sexual orientation. There is no such thing. There are people who find out that they are homosexual later in life, some even after marriage with a woman, but it does not mean that they weren't gay all along
I really really liked your answers. I do disagree with one thing though, your last answer. I see the kingdom analogy totally erong because that implies that people in the city knew about their king and chosed to disobey their king, while i think many can argue that amerindians(just an example) didn't really had a choice, i mean the continent separation happend million years ago(at least modern science says so) so they could not really get in touch with jews' God.
Ask her out? I mean the worst case is a NO. And everybody will find failure in their life, but when you have expierience of failure you are more prepared for it. Like seriously you don't have to do anything special but to ask her out. Be confident. Good luck mate.
Where in the Bible actually marriage is defined? I read something about that Paul's writings mainly suggest that marriage=sex(when you become one flesh). I am pretty sure though that the ritual we know today is nowhere to be find in the Bible. Also, im those times most mans had concubines, not married to them. And i reas about fornification and apparently the word does not exist before 1303 AD so it might suggest that the original word in Hebrew might mean something like "whoring". Sometimes i wished i know antic Greek and Hebrew so i could actually read unaltered version of Bible Though these interpretations still imply that you shouls have sex with only one partner.
Which carry? I hope you are not talking about void.
There are no better carries, all are situational. Medusa is good at that 50 min mark when she is a siege tank. But going further into thr game, when supposts are getting 6 slotted, her immobility really cripples her. Most of the fights in that ultra lategame team A baits medusa ult then just reengage and either ignores her while fighting rest of the team, or if she has rapier just hex her. CK is strong because he has good MS and can use reality rift to catch up enemies, but has insane dmg as well, and can rat. Sniper is another stupidly great carry ultra lategame because he can kill waves very fast, can disable blinks easily, and lategame unless you get the first initiation is very very hard to get to him, + he has high DPS
Implying your safelane doesn't get runned over in the meantime 4Head
What the fuck are you talking about gee
Pakistan and Iran people play wc3 dota for some reason, but yea, dota as a whole is more popular
Cs died at some point, i think they just loved 1.6 too much to make the transition and they switched.
Well, Koreans play LoL 95% so obv they don't play LoL's rival but rather another genre like FPS, so it makes sense.
They do. LoL is Koreans absolute favourite so obv they won't play its rival but rather a game from another genre
Because they play far more dota 2?
Yes, much more. What you have in your MM pubs is nothing compare to dota. Though in DotA russians are usually decent players, although they still lack communication and like to shittalk
Honestly if i wasn't friendzoned i would have waited for her :)). Just joking, but yea, she is actualy very beautiful(and that might be a problem in the way that boys probably can't wait until marriage to have fun)
&gt;proud look What does this exactly mean? I can't showoff with my face/hair/style if i have them?
Why?
&gt;Further, DNA and collagen has already been found in dinosaur fossils that are presumably "millions of years old", yet we know that DNA cannot last more than 10,000 years and collagen more than a million. Obviously dinosaurs lived closer to man's existence than what the evolutionary model claims. So you go on a rant about how DNA is flawed but you actually did not imply fossils are dated via DNA? Cheap troll atempt. I mean, what could i expect from an YEC than just to throw words here and there and after someone puts him in his place he just says: "nice try". Ignorance.
Ahhh the global flood. The one that makes things look old. I am wondering how the pyramides did not get destroyed by the water. Must be a miracle. Or perhaps the global flood was just the Black Sea Basin being flooded by water from the Mediteranean? Nah scientist must be wrong. Hurr durr, i have no backup arguments to tell how scientists are wrong, but hey they have PhDs for nothing, their whole life work means nothing because i can always show off my arrogance with an unsupported "I don't believe it". But then we can read the Bible, who knows, maybe it supports some scientific evidence. So the "global" flood. What did the dovd bring to Noe? Oops, an olive leaf. Hmm where did Olive grew ~4000 yrs ago? Oh yea, actual greek, Mesopotamia(turkey if you want). Hmm i wonder where are these regions. Oh yea near Black Sea/Mediterranean. Nah it must be global flood. Probably the pyramids were built only 1000 years ago, scientist don't know how to date. Oh dragons. The dragons legends. Must be more important than actual evidence. Yeap. The chinese dragon definetely looks similar to a dinosaur than any fossils found. nice troll atempt
What i found funny is that you say only the things you want to not the whole story. Which is funny considering that the Bible is all about that context, yet you do not seem to understand that concept. If your ignorance wouldn't blind you, you will know that those T-Rex bones in which DNA was found was coveres by Iron Mineral which preserved it.
What's your excuse then? One of the best? Who says? YECs? Christian apologetics(with your beloved philosophy) agree that the earth is old, the Big Bang theory and many more. I don't think there is anyone out there who goes and tells people that earth is 6k old because they get laughed at. I'm not going to argue anymore with you because you debate just like William Lane Craig, you just pick off on some things in the arguments you don't like or whatever but you don't answer to the whole argument. The only difference is that God gifted him a brain
Again. I told him about how there are 0 YEC scientist and all Christian apologestics(with his beloved philosophy) but nah he keeps telling me about atheists. Funny thing, your "science" is not accepted by 90% of the Christian scientist/apologestics and not accepted by 100% of the rest, yet you still call me a fool for not agreeing with your science. I ask you once more. Can you provide me any objective evidence for young earth supported by atheists? Because Christian scientists and apologists agree on old earth, but unfortunately, you don't so their idea is heavily dismissed
Geez too much salt is bad for you man
I agree. There are plenty of entertainers like you. Is this some "meme" or are we out there?
Nice stalk. If you actually read my posts you would see i am convinced atheist but hey. Do trolls have social life outside of computer? I mean like literally does anyone speaks to you outside of your mom? Are you a virgin actually?
Yeap. I forgot spitting words out there without any backup,links, evidence whatever are not assertions because it came from your mouth. gratz mate, sick debate. Apparently we are out there
Is this a new meme or are we out there? What happened to your day honey? You seem salty PJSalt
43 to be actually correct(normal is 42). So the joke is 1 more chromosome=retarded=every jungler ever
Yeah we are out there
Not really
Ya you are clueless
Well thing is turn rate is the one that makes melee carries viable. Thats why any LoL carry who is not ranged is ass
Maybe because that slow and dumb acts(turnrate) are a mechanic that makes sure melee carries are actually viable not creeps, unlike LoL.
yes, as ADC they are ass. I don't care what works in your pubs
I can see where you are coming from. I just don't see morality to be a religious thing. For example, with your child example, in the Bible, there are verses about stoning kids for disobedience. I don't care that it was written for Jews, or it was Mosaic Law or whatever, God at some point told Moses(he wrote the Leviticus, or at least compiled it) that killing children for disobedience was OKAY. Yet, we can agree that such thing is simply not moral. So we either agree that this thing(stoning children) is moral or we agree that the Bible was wrong on this one, which again contradicts the Christian theology heavy. And i repeat, i aknowledge that this was meant for Jews but we are talking about the same God, who at some point, thought that killing children is ok.
So by your logical fallacy Messi has to learn how to play goalkeeper in order to be good at football? I suggest you not argue so much about things like videogame design as if you had a PhD in design or whatever. If we go around your logic again, if a 10 year boy can't learn 90% of a game in 1month, lets say even 1 year the game is bad. Which is simply not true. The point of dota was never to attract kids, yet it runs for over 11 years now.
