Sorry I'm late getting back to this, but I haven't heard of anything to indicate that Avengers is in the Buffyverse.
I saw a picture of this in the wild quite a while ago. Don't recall if it was here, or on Opposite Lock.
The Guns N' Roses Appetite For Destruction cassette tape smells glorious. It's one of the greatest smells ever, a bit musky, but not overwhelming. I have no idea if that cassette was infused with this smell, or if it was a part of the manufacturing process or what, but I kept my copy just for the smell.
You might be surprised to learn that these are reasonably common in the Midwest and other parts of the US, where these kinds of vehicles can be classified as ATVs. Farmers and ranchers love them because they've got a vehicle that they can put hay into, a newborn calf, feed etc and still drive it on local roads and highways. Laws very from state to state, so check your DMV before purchasing one for yourself.
That's a pretty ballin' bike to be commuting on. Looks like a full carbon fiber Trek Madone.
Washburn Taurus T25 has a pretty narrow neck and plays nicely too. Source: I just bought my first 5 string. I played a bunch of other 5 strings, and actually wanted a really wide neck as I have big hands, but this one just felt perfect in my hands.
Yeah it is. It's OCLV carbon frame and fork. Notice the lack of welds around the head tube, that's because these are bonded carbon fiber tubes. Source: used to work at a bike shop and I'm familiar with lots of frames and frame materials.
Found a really nice used Washburn Taurus T25 in a guitar shop in Iowa over the weekend. http://i.imgur.com/iwdOHhf.jpg It's my first neck thru bass, and it's also my first 5 string, so there's a bit of adjustment going on, but I'm really liking it. Feels like a much more expensive guitar than it is. Very pleased.
Because they're easier to drive out on farms and small places on a farm or ranch.
I usually use a gravel grinder bike, or even a city style hybrid bike, as the geometries are usually a bit slacker, which means the bike is easier to handle. Flat handlebars usually give the rider better sightlines while riding too. There's nothing wrong with using a road bike as a commuter bike, but they tend to be a bit squirrely on rough roads and are also a target for thieves. Well, all bikes are for that matter. :(
I always put my hand out the window and hold onto objects stowed on the roof, because I know it will never fall off if I'm holding onto it.
I saw one like this when I was in London last year.
Replaced the heagaskets on my 2006 Impreza 2.5i at 61k miles. :( Subaru stepped up and replaced them under warranty, even though I was about 1k miles out. :) I've also heard that the EJ headgasket issue was finally solved in 2008, but I haven't heard anything definitive on this.
I kind of like how Farscape went from being an almost predictable "monster of the week" program in the first season to what it became in the seasons following it.
Most likely the Specialized ummagumma.
I enjoyed it even more on my second viewing.
I test drove a few of the 2005+ Tacoma trucks and just didn't care for how big they were. I scored a deal on a 2004 Tacoma that was in mint condition. I'll probably be driving it forever.
What's reserved seating? I haven't been to a movie theater in about a decade, so I don't know if this is a regional thing or what.
It's the Hellmouth, so all sorts of stuff like that can happen. I don't think his intents of summoning Sweet were malicious in any way. Aside from that, it could have been anybody from the gang that summoned him, but it just happened to be Xander. The consequences (or lack of) would have probably been the same if it was Dawn, or Giles or whomever.
Or a sink?
I didn't really care much for the Potentials either, and honestly I don't think Buffy really cared for them either, but she also understood the importance of giving the powers of the Slayer to all the potentials and taking away the power from the Watchers Council. There were so many things happening in season 7 that the message kind of got diluted a bit, but I think it's a really important one that many of us often forget about. On point however... my idea for a workable spinoff would be to have Buffy as Watcher, but not in the horrible and manipulative way that the old Watchers acted. Buffy could lend a lot of experience as a Slayer to all the Slayers. I'm sure Willow and Xander could find something to do in this world as well. Buffy &amp; The Slayers?
Looks like somebody is trying to make another Speedy Cop plane. http://blog.caranddriver.com/spirit-of-lemons-how-a-1956-cessna-airplane-became-a-road-racing-lemons-car-w-build-photosvideo/
Solid opening and guitar solo for sure. The rest of the song was somewhat by the numbers, but still ranks pretty good in my book.
It's PG-13 violence, so it's sorta like pretend violence. Your daughter is just a pretend serial killer. If she does happen to kill anybody in the future, there won't be any bloodshed.
I really liked them as presenters and some of the experiments that they did, so yeah, I miss them being on the show, but I like how the show is a little less silly now and a bit more science oriented.
Saw something like this on CBS the other day, but this market on boats has been going on for about a thousand years. http://www.cbsnews.com/news/change-coming-to-vietnams-floating-market/ Warning: You will be hungry for Pho after watching this video.
The speed wobble video you posted set off a chain reaction of "related" videos that totally burned up my boring afternoon. Thank you.
The age difference thing is always going to be a part of the narrative. Even if Angel had met Buffy when she was in her 20s or 30s, there'd still be a huge age difference. Their love is forbidden on many, many levels, not only the obvious age gap, but also because she's a vampire slayer and he's a vampire, which makes their relationship all the more compelling and intriguing to the viewer.
I can never think of anything to ask! Somebody come up with something clever for me.
Nightwish Ghost Love Score with Floor Jansen on vocals. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3brcfttchzA If there's a limit of how many times you can watch a video on Youtube, I am probably pretty close to reaching it.
Is it just the exhaust pipe, or does that also include a catalytic converter? Sometimes these are also one whole piece, especially if they're connected to the exhaust manifold of the vehicle. If you live in a state where they put salt on the roads, then a rusty exhaust system can happen around the decade mark. Ask a few more questions about what is actually being replaced and if they are aftermarket parts, or original Toyota parts. That too can make a big difference.
On a lot of front wheel drive vehicles, the exhaust manifold will have a catalytic converter built right onto it, mostly due to packaging reasons, but also for emissions as the catalytic converter heats up faster when it's closer to the engine. These kinds of systems usually meet at a collector, then a single exhaust goes out to the back of the vehicle. The OP wasn't specific enough about what part of his exhaust system was bad, so it's kind of difficult to gauge if that's too expensive or not. If it's just a muffler from the collector back, that should be a few hundred bucks tops to repair or replace. Catalytic converters can be extremely expensive as they contain rare earth metals.
I'm excited when a bot responds to one of my posts.
I'd say that it's mostly a space opera, but it certainly incorporates elements of horror, adventure and fantasy.
If you are afraid of getting the wrong cartridge filter, then you should probably buy an OEM filter from your dealership and get the correct part number, then buy one online or somewhere else, since you'll know for sure what filter you need.
I just started watching it a few days ago and wasn't sure what to think at first. I did like the basic premise of the show, but it felt a bit formulaic at first, but once things started chugging along about half way through the season I totally got on board with it.
Real gangstas go to Leaders Park and go down Suicide Hill. But seriously though, Suicide hill has claimed many a knee and broken many a leg. The last time I was there a few years ago, they had it fenced off.
I don't think the sledding hill is an official hill any longer, but the park itself is nestled between Leadale Ave and I-229. There are some decent mountain bike trails, and a community garden at Leaders Park that are worth mentioning.
Those are fun. I've ridden them a few times.
This song is the pinnacle of thrash metal -- tt checks all the boxes that makes a great song with solid lyrics, fantastic guitar playing and stunning drums. It's one of my favorite songs of this genre.
In the episode Once More With Feeling where Buffy looks up at the camera and sings the words "...and you can sing along" to the audience. It was really subtle and clever, like the rest of the show always is.
Rock &amp; Roll Hall of Fame. First of all, it wasn't very rock &amp; rolly, it was more like a pop culture museum, which would be cool if that's what it was, but they had things like a bra that Madonna wore one time and a bunch of other frilly shit. The building was weird and seemed like it had a ton of wasted space, and they wouldn't let you take a picture of something like Eddie Van Halen's guitar, because of copyright laws, which was infuriating. The whole thing was just kinda hokey.
There are still some pretty good slot car tracks like this still around. I got a chance to spend some time on a track like this in Boston a few years ago and the cars now are staggeringly fast, your eyes can barely follow the cars around the track they're going so fast. Some of the ads for the consumer level tracks were great too. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hdeDYAnMzzA
Good on your customer for having proper winter tires.
Next step: giant frozen wheel (un)balancers.
It's probably set up for TSD rally. They're usually held in rural areas, and lots of guys set up auxiliary lighting on their cars to run them. Seeing how this is in California and there's a lot of tumbleweeds and other debris on the roads in areas where these kinds of TSDs are held, then the brush guard would serve two purposes. Looks like a well made piece to me.
All the Washburn 5 string basses that I have played have really close string spacing, too close for me in fact.
There's a lot happening during the finale, actually during all of season 7. What the finale really needed was a two hour special, but apparently the network wasn't down for that, so they crammed a lot in. As for the loss of Anya, it was kind overshadowed by the loss of Spike. There wasn't anything said about Spike right away either, but I think everybody knew that not all of them would make it out alive.
Chislic. Lamb cubes cooked in olive oil. It's only known in South Dakota, but is totally delicious. I'd take them to Jono's to enjoy it.
Every time I have done this, I downtune all the strings, to take any undue stress off the neck.
Find other awkward people to meet.
Good advice. Thanks.
Happened to me in a bike crash actually. I got hit by a car and woke up in the trauma center, with my tongue bit in half. It was so bad, that I could barely talk. The surgeon who put my face back together told me not to worry about it, as my tongue would be healed by the time I came out of surgery. 12 hours later, it was healed! The rest of my face was a wreck, but I managed to survive a pretty horrific accident, so my botched face wasn't that big of a deal really.
Eh. Not bad really. There's some scarring on the end of my nose and underneath my nose where it meets my top lip. The other scars look sorta like pock marks from acne. The plastic surgeon that did the surgery said that I healed remarkably well. The worst thing to come from all of it was the nerve damage to my chin, which makes it slightly difficult to talk, as my lower lip and chin feel numb all the time.
I have no idea what happened to the driver of the car, as I was found on the side of the road by another motorist who saw me laying there.
From the time of the accident to when my tongue healed back well enough to talk was ~20 hours. Even then my tongue was extremely sore, but so was the rest of my body. EDIT: missed a word.
I'm only here because I was wearing my helmet.
"Hey, fowwy, but I ave ew fanfel ewonigh" "I bii my ewnge!"
Where did this happen and how did you get out of the ditch?
Glad to hear you got pulled out, even if it required a tug from a tow truck. How are you liking your MT tires for driving on snow? I've found that AT tires work better for me for driving on snowy and icy conditions, as there are more sipes in the treads.
Some of our more creative endeavors have been in an effort to destroy each other.
I swear, they keep getting better and better all the time. Can't wait to see them next month!
I liked season 4 better than I did season 6. Still, the first 3 seasons of Community were perfect.
I think the driver eventually switched to an Open Light Subaru.
Thanks for the correction.
He's the perfect anti-hero. The show hadn't really one until Spike came along, which added another layer of complexity to the balance of the main characters. Ultimately, I think Spike was a great addition, although I do think he takes up just a bit too much screen time in season 7.
I just think of each singer as part of a different era of recorded music from Nightwish. I appreciate what all of them have contributed towards the band, but I do contend that Floor is the most versatile in a live setting.
JDM gold plated drums yo.
It was a juvenile crush for Willow and to some extent Xander. I thought the way the show explored their relationship was covered nicely. Had their been anymore time spent on it, it could have gotten a bit tedious. Spending more time on their budding relationship may also have closed the door on Willow meeting Oz or Xander seeing Cordelia. That being said, I'm glad that Xander and Willow remained good friends, even if they eventually grew apart throughout the years.
OEM wheels for just about any brand are about $600.00 to $1000.00 a piece, so that sounds about right actually. Do you have a part number on the replacement wheel that you're looking for?
He made Die Hard work. The balance and the chemistry between him and Bruce Willis was fantastic.
Are you doing this drive right now? Road trip? Something else?
I can't ride anymore either, but because of concussions. I could still ride, and I was up until a few years ago, but it just isn't worth it if I want to live the rest of my life in a reasonable state of coherency.
KNAC.com still has an option to use Real as a way to stream music on their site. They even have an option for Quicktime, which begs the question, does Apple even support Quicktime these days? http://www.knac.com/listen.asp
That was the previous gen Corolla that had the All-Trac option. This appears to be a regular FWD Corolla.
Is is streaming anywhere on IFC? Otherwise I'll just wait for it to hit Netflix, which is how I watched it the first time.
I finally threw my parallel port Zip drive and all my 100 meg discs out a few months ago. I don't think I had used them since 1999. They were great for moving large data (for the time) back and forth from home to school. 3D Stuido Max files were huge, and there was no other way to work on it at home, without a Zip drive.
The music sounded like engine revs, which was kind of confusing.
I liked how that guy called out everything that was happening during his apprehension and subsequent arrest. "THEY'RE PUTTING ME ON A STRETCHER!" "I'M IN AN AMBULANCE!" "I'M IN A HOSPITAL!"
Or r/mildlysatisfying
I love everything about my current first gen Tacoma, save for its somewhat wonky 4 speed automatic. Had I not found the truck I have in such great condition with such low miles, I would have waited and found one with a 5 speed manual. Other than that, I can see myself driving my first gen for another 10 years easily. It's such a great truck.
I think so. I'm a notorious noodler on the bass. It's not until I sit down to learn a song, or a section of a song that I start finding patterns on the neck that I wouldn't thought of on my own.
That's the only way to eat terrible pizza from Pizza Hut. I'd imagine it'd work with terrible burgers too.
I'm happy to see you stuck with it on your project. Every time I start a project like this, I get frustrated and impatient, especially when I have to borrow tools and a garage from friends to work on my rolling projects. I guess that's why I never finished the SAS on my '92 Toyota. :(
What other things does she have a tendency to fall off of?
I used to have one, but it rusted into nothing. I even went so far as to rivet in new floorboards, after I put my foot through mine.
I just did my second rewatch, and I'm already thinking about watching it again!
I'll check it out when it's on Netflix or Hulu. Glad to see that SyFy is committed to programming like this and other shows like Dark Matter, which enjoyed quite a bit.
David always has interesting guitar riffs. This is good stuff.
Sold the '92 years ago, then moved onto a very dilapidated '85 4Runner that I thought I would be able to salvage, but it was too rusted out. :(
It's futuristic and follows the design language of the Mirai, which is also a rather polarizing design. In a few years, this Prius will look normal.
It really creates some great dissonance.
I've never watched the show, but I grew up during a time in which these kinds of songs were popular. Even for a parody, this song is great.
Truck appears to be an early '90s Hilux.
It gets confusing in the US, because the trucks were on a Hilux chassis, but the model name never got the Hilux moniker for the US market.
Even if this isn't true, it's a really clever meme.
About the same size as the current Tacoma, but even by Toyota standards, the T-100 was ridiculously overbuilt. Toyota had Hino, their heavy duty truck division design most of the truck. The T-100 came in at a weird time and at was a weird size for American buyers, so it never really caught on, even though it was good truck for what it was.
Well, slavery and genocide is condoned in the bible.
Those are vent tubes for the tool box!
I liked the arc that Andrew had, and I liked how he became a part of the group, but it also made season 7 feel like it was trying to do too much. Still, I'm glad he was there. As much hate as Kennedy gets from fandom, I still think she's an interesting character with a lot of traits that would eventually make a great slayer in battle. She was brash and arrogant, but also extremely brave and was certainly willing to fight alongside Buffy and Faith. I guess if I had to pick a favorite, I'd say Amanda or Vi. For all the chaos and clutter that made season 7 a bit unsteady, I still liked the message that got lost in the shuffle, Buffy changed everything. She changed the Slayer lineage forever and gave her powers to any potential slayer. That was beautiful.
