Sounds good. Had any good free food recently?
&gt; evil, that they're all millionaires, or racist How is being a millionaire lumped in with being evil or a racist? I don't get the anti-wealth sentiment at all.
The 'herbal' is superfluous: http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=jazz+cigarette
It's not bad, but Orange Juice and Lemonade is an awesome mix.
Spot on I think. I am by no means wealthy myself, but I view those who are as successful / talented. Sure some people get their wealth passed on to them, but if I was successful, I'd want my earnings to go to my kids so they could also have the best start in life.
Ouch; poor you. The games industry is thankless world.
I think the notion that you should aim to not drink for 2 days a week is a good one, it's very easily to follow and probably does you a lot of good, if you do drink every day. That said, the idea on a number of units a day, and especially lowering that limit for men, is not so smart. Many people I know, including myself, don't drink frequently but tend to drink a lot when we do. For better or worse, getting pissed is a national pass time. What ever guidance is given out should somehow incorporate how frequently getting pissed is safe to do. Simply labelling anything over 3 pints as binge drinking is a sure fire way to get the guide ignored.
He was more or less right too: http://i47.tinypic.com/2qvcw79.jpg
Speaking personally, after an substantial acid trip the last thing I want to do is trip again; to be honest to go 'back in' within 24 hours is like not even getting head straight in the interim.
No, I don't know if I'd feel comfortable with that. Usually by the end of the peak I am right about ready to return to normality. Especially if I've had any 'passage of time' perception alterations -- which I always do. I could see myself doing it with shrooms, I don't feel half as depleted afterwards as I do on acid and the shorter trip time would allow some recuperation between trips.
I've been to Nashville (6), and I can tell you that this list is a load of shit.
Nah, you just put your towel over theres. Claim you never saw theirs (Varpiss dich!) and then when they've gone you've bagged yourself a free towel.
Except labels have per 100g and per serving values.
Sugar is getting scape-goated for our shittylife styles so hard.
&gt; every single one of us acted more responsibly How can you except a collective (the populous) to act with more responsibility, when we've made it abundantly clear that 'the state' will mop up the mess and foot the bill.
That we should have an actual free market? I don't think that's the vibe I got from the top level comment.
Yeah, I agree 'serving size' is utterly arbitrary and almost always too small. Coca-cola (for example) know full well you're not going to split that 500ml bottle with anyone, why is a serving size for 250ml.
Yep, this is what I thought, this is also why I look suspiciously at the 'NHS is the most efficient system in the world' type arguments. You don't have to look far to see obvious ways in which it could (should!) be improved.
Why would you blame privatisation when it's the private sections of the NHS who are doing it best? IE it seems to be privately managed GP surgeries who are actually installing the notification infrastructure. That makes utterly no sense to me.
Not following, sorry. Sounds like a load of lowest common denominator BS to me. &gt; Only profitable surgeries will do stuff like this. Or surgeries who can see that they'd probably be profitable if less appointments were missed?
Don't eat off the track, problem solved.
I do it the other way round. 105 groupset, Ultegra and DA consumables. For some reason I find that the chain and cassette seems to make the biggest impact to shift quality.
The operating companies are running monopolies on the lines. What makes you think the government would be any more or less efficient?
&gt; but at least use accurate and fair comparisons. Is that with any sort of rail card or advance booking? I think my comparison is fair: Manchester to York is 90mins, an off peak single is £27.50. That's a single train to go 70 odd miles. What's worse is that in the evenings and weekends the Transpennine trains are utterly rammed, you're lucky to be able to sit on the floor, more frequently your are stood packed like sardines.
The Armenian Taverna and El Rincon come to mind.
You mean Martin Shkreli, who was recently arrest for fraud? Yeah, he too found it out it's not that easy.
No I saw that. To address: &gt; I find that over here in Sweden, there is a huge markup on Swedish meat just like it was in the UK directly. I don't find that to be the case, the British beef sold in the Aldi near me is almost suspiciously cheap!
&gt; "the stupid get what they deserve." That's not really the way I view it. I consider myself to be a libertarian, why should I (or by extension the state) control the actions of others which only effect themselves? To be honest I think the alternative is more offensive, to think that people with bad habits, like eating shit and smoking, are 'too stupid' to know what they're doing to themselves and therefore must be protected by big brother. &gt; Hoping the death rate from obesity saves the country money looks like wonky economics. I didn't say I hope they die, I merely pointed out that might be the case. And with that, I have already conceded that the NHS point, but to be honest that just makes me think that the NHS should change -- I personally don't like the idea that personal responsibility is undermined by it.
Yes you're right, that will be my in, I'll try those next.
&gt; I think most smokers admit its stupid. But then again cigarettes are actual drugs. Intelligent people can do stupid things, they make the decision, they weight up the risks. It's their choice. &gt; Under libertarianism can I sue drug dealers for the problems caused in society by addiction? No under libertarian society drugs would be legal, taxed and regulated. And no, you couldn't sue for your addiction, that's like people suing McDonalds for making them fat. &gt; I don't have an easy answer. There is no easy answer *if* you choose *act*. We just get a load of half arsed measures like taxes with loopholes (see 'Pringles are not crisps') or having alter the quality of the product. &gt; Maybe stricter regulation to put less sugar in drinks. But then it wouldn't taste as good. Or the sugar taken out would be substituted with artificial sweeteners that come with their own issues. &gt; It's not a simple equation of one is freedom and the other is authoritarian. Why isn't it, either we let people do as they wish and let them pay the consequences bad decisions or we have to tell people what to do or manipulate them into doing by other methods. &gt; Their freedom to profit from drinks costs me money. Yeah I simply don't see it that way, I see it as people not being able to control what they eat and drink is costing you money. Do you see that Vineyards of France costing you money because middle alcoholism is rampant? What about cheese producers?
&gt; we have decided to let things carry on as they were. You know that? http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-20811289
How. Someone assembling something doesn't need a degree in EE, now will they necessarily do a better job; they'll just cost a lot more.
No they're echo chambers because they are. Comments about communism and other far left opinions get upvoted and repeated. Yet these are clearly out of line with the opinions of the general population. Furthermore, it's not my opinion that the Conservatives won the General election (my second example). Yet if you were here when the election was going on all pro-conservative posts were slated and anything pro labour was heralded.
In the past I have put my best recorded power for a range of times realistic times I anticipate getting in a TT or Hill climb. IE if I anticipate a TT taking between 18-22mins depending on weather than I'll stick the best power I have got for that duration, and what speed would achieve that time over a distance. The benefit of this is that it allows you to really ride on your limit, you don't have to worry about blowing up because a head wind has added 2 mins to your time or because you haven't ridden the course before and took the range of times from strava! This only works in maximum single effort events though becuase you're working off your best ever powers, in a road race you've got to factor in fatigue.
Could have just left it at 'Audi'.
What do you mean by flexing, stretching? I don't think there is any harm in that, I find get restless legs. 60km a day is quite a lot; are you riding at the weekend as well? You should be scheduling in some rest days and/or recovery rides. And yes, taking detours is an extremely effective way of packing training in to a busy work life. For example, I do a 40 mile ride from work to home. I this extension takes me up to long hills. I take it easy on the flat and then really push it on the hills -- this to some degree ensures some quality in the training, rather than just riding at a constant pace all the time.
I am on the fence. The 'issue' is that you know when there is helicopter about. It's not 'all the time'. With technology you could effectively have an eye in the sky at all times. Everything you do in your own back garden, (or hell, with thermal imaging, in your own home) is basically reviewable at any time. Not sure I am comfortable with where it could go.
Indeed, actually I find them a real pain, they seem to fly over predominantly poor areas, which is somewhat understandable as they tend to be high crime areas and also low rent, so suitable for a grow. But they do their helicopter runs at like 2 or 3 in the morning. There's no way on earth they'd get a way with that in more affluent areas, it just seems like it shits on the people who are already the most disillusioned with the police service.
Just increases the cost every crash :/
Yeah you probably have a fantastic V02max then. You'd probably get your best bang for your buck training with intervals in the 2 to 5 min range, slap in some longer rides to get you used to the distances and build up your endurance. Good luck
I disagree, he was playing the role of an investigative journalist. It's on him to do some basic research about dose for fucks sake. And it's just basic reasoning to realise that of course you can over do it, what would be he like if he didn't 1/4 of that much. I mean if you watch the video he's fully caning those bags down.
Lemmy was a scientist. I don't know anyone else who has personally researched the same quantity of compounds in their life time.
Wait the intern description mandates a gender? That's fucked up.
I meant it tongue in cheek -- if I remember when I was studying CS (not so long ago) it was hard to tell whether CS or GP had a more disportioncate gender balance because when you are comparing numbers less than 10% in a cohort of less than 200 people well it only takes a couple of people to sway the statistic. But either way we're comparing the colour of the pot to the kettle.
But it's only banned 'in competition'. Unless you're referring to the law which is bound to change (generally speaking 'in the west') over the next 15 years or so.
Hmm maybe it's different in the sort of 'middle level' programming. I've always worked places where performance is important, so we generally do things in low level languages (C, C++, Fortran, asm) and then have high level stuff like python do the top level stuff. I think it's nearly impossible for a QA to jump into the lower level stuff; unless they were really selling themselves short whilst QAing.
The problem is there really isn't such thing as 'unhealthy food'. It's all to do with moderation and quantity. A block of beef-dripping or a bag of sugar is terrible for you if you just ate that .. but both are ingredients in otherwise healthy dishes. Further more even the likes of chocolate fit around a balanced diet is not unhealthy in the slightest.
&gt; If competing in a sanctioned event, the ethical action is to not consume banned substances. What, ever? A year before, A month before, a week before, a day before, the morning before? What?
We should ban escalators, and changing building regs so all ceilings must be double height. :P
Are you joking?
You're better at this than me. I love the idea of backwards elevators.
Get high?
No thank you. I think you are being purposefully dense if you consider someone a snob because they don't want to mix with those in the print works or deansgate locks.
To be honest I'd happily sacrifice the moderate areo benefits of my 'normal' frame like pressfit BBs and internal cable routing any day for the ease of maintenance. I'd be kidding nobody to think my results this season are going to be in anyway determined by them.
Fine. Actually, I'm changing my stance, I am happy to be a snob if that's who you're going to define it.
What do you mean unwrapped it? Removed the shrink wrap -- you can still return it -- if it's warped it's not going to be resold. Did you purchase with cash or card, if the latter just use your bank statement inplace of the receipt.
&gt; And if it doesn't, I'm ashamed to admit I'll just torrent it. Why would you be ashamed?
The problem with cassettes (although admittedly the same is true of turntables) is that fewer and fewer people have cassette decks any more.
I'd rather it change so that all suspects are anon until guilty rather than the law remain as is and have people lives ruined.
&gt; My general approach is to adjust my FTP based on what I'm regularly hitting intervals at. This is pretty much what I do, I just adjust my intervals iteratively based on what I've done before. I've had good results doing this, as I TT, the last thing I want add to my routine is extra all out efforts!
Sure but if I go to the pub with friends, it would seem rather arbitrary to just stop drinking just as I am starting to 'loosen up'. Also some people aren't naturally all that talkative and social, like myself, I find I have a much better time if I do have &gt; 3 drinks. The problem I have, in case you were wondering, is that clearly there is a need for some guidelines; but the way these guidelines are worded and presented are just setting themselves up to be ignored. The guidelines need to take into account that some people are going binge drink (by their definitions), something along the lines of 'don't get shit faced more often then every X weeks' is going to be more effective than telling people to never do it.
I drink it for it's wisdom.
&gt; increase in cancer Yeah but this doesn't sound any more tangible than the 'red meat' and 'processed pork' scares we keep hearing about. But we don't hear about restrictive government guidelines about those.
See my other comment: https://www.reddit.com/r/Fitness/comments/400foo/need_to_up_my_bleep_test_score_asap/cyqokoq But in addition, to fatesurge's point, you're not going to be building and muscle, just getting CV system running efficiently again so you want to be eating a diet high in carbs.
I agree, XP was a decent OS for non tech savy computer users. Every version of windows since may look shinier but isn't actually any better. For technical users Linux of some description I feel Linux is a no-brainier even with it's flaws. For other professional (but non technical) computer users OSX feels like the best compromise. My 2p at least.
Cool, please report back with what training, rest and diet you do; and how you do in your test.
Overshadowed by Goldeneye, but PD was it's spiritual successor and quite frankly, an even better multi player. Good call.
&gt; and it is beneficial for sprinters like Kittel or Sagan It's beneficial for everyone. I agree. But just like healthy fats, if you are eating a healthy balanced diet then you're going to be getting enough. For example a typical meal for me might be a Chilli Con Carne (which I make in bulk and reheat through the week) with a ton of brown rice. I suspect I eat more protein than most people, because like most cyclists (even with a calories deficit) I eat much more than most people. Purely anecdotally, with such a diet, I've not struggled to increase my power and loose weight riding 5 days a week.
That;s a better idea. Also, I don't see why you'd give it away straight away; just give it away in your will. 25mil is a lot, but it's not going to cure cancer or fix africa; the world won't miss it.
It's just a depressing prospect, that's just not fun to ride. Better just doing X minute TT efforts on the road, at least going fast is fun.
Thank for your patronising response. I am bowie fan too, I still don't think the term 'Pop Genius' is in anyway belittling of him. Bowie's work is different things to different people.
I donit know of anywhere in particular, but I pretty much exclusively use Air BnB these days.
Meh I thought it was ok. Salted Caramel seems to be a bit of a food-fat at the moment.
The problem is I have even less self control. 5x40 still means I'd eat 200g in one go but will have paid more to do so. The only way I can control myself is to not buy it in the first place.
Still? I seems like it's only really just been launched in this country.
Don't be a chugger though, otherwise your just robbing the vulnerable.
Firms which already have developed the code would be able to bid for the contract. They'd be able to put a more competitive bid in because they've already written the code. I'd be very surprised with current contractors the UK uses, like Hitachi don't have automated transit code already.
Jerusalem. Failing that something by the Beatles or even Bowie giving the timing, Heroes would be pretty cool.
I would like to think that this can somehow be used to bolster his Craig Charles Funk &amp; Soul night too. Like once the battle commences, Craig goes and hits the desks and provides the sound track whilst hitting racks. This has to happen
&gt; Unfortunately, having overtrained last season, I'm still not back to where I was so haven't been on the bike as much as I'd like. When did you stop, if you haven't ridden since last season you performance has dropped because you haven't been training NOT because you are still over trained.
Purely for weight loss. The weight loss is really for hilly Road Races and HCs though. Some people also believe it makes you system more efficient at using fat for fuel, but I wouldn't bank on that.
Ringo?
What's more is at least at Aldi it comes in real beetus grade quantiles like 200g, no fannying around with 100g or the crappy minified 92g blocks.
&gt; Lindt/GB are more midrange than premium Londoners :/
York is a tourist city famous for it's chocolate. Also I was sort of joking; I was jesting at the idea that Lindt isn't a premium brand. To be honest I'd say the good Aldi &amp; Lidl blocks are 'mid range' and super market own brand is low end.
Well after reading the first article it's hard to blame them.
In the old days a super computer was exactly that, a single very expensive machine. However once computers became mainstream it became much cheaper to connect together a lot of commodity hardware and split up the tasks you want to run on it to run across all of the system. So a modern super computer is made up of nodes, each node is not unlike a normal high end server. Any custom hardware that is unlike your average server goes into the technology the nodes used to communicate with one another, the interconnect, not the CPU, Memory or storage. What makes a super computer fast is number of nodes and the code that's designed to run in parallel, not that any one particular node is anything special.
The title of the article is a bit shit, but the content of the research is not. In the last 5 years or so, one of the driving reasons why legalisation has been resisted in the UK is because of the notion that it stunts the learning capacity of those under their mid twenties.
When you say: &gt; to ride with the old team occasionally. What do you mean by 'ride with', simply going out on the weekend for fun or training? Dude that's absolutely fine, unless the team you are joining is paying you and has a full training schedule lined up for you then go out and ride with who ever you want. I am probably in a lower cat than you, but I ride with elites and down from all sorts of clubs and teams. I think the only problem you might run into is if you fob off riding with you current team to ride with others.
Anecdotally, I've found it to be the case with a wide range of different grasses and hashes including pollen.
Yeah 100g of cabury's is mid range, that's branded shit! (perhaps it's quality not longer justifies it's price, but that's another matter). Tesco's basics for 19p per 100g (or whatever it actually costs) is low end. I'd describe that as cheap. Green &amp; blacks is not something I would buy very often so it's a premium product. If Hotel Chocolat is £4 for 100g then I'd basically never buy that, that's 'exclusive' or whatever is above premium. PS: There is clearly no top end there, I could pay a chocolateer to go and craft me the finest bar of chocolate with all the finest ingredients and it's going to cost £1000s, but that doesn't, at least to me, stop something G&amp;B being premium.
I don't actually see that point you are making. I am saying different people are affected differently. Me and my friend and both be sat in the same room smoking the same stuff and have different effects -- ie I become lethargic, he becomes creative. Regardless of what it is we are smoking. I don't see what your *facts* have to do with that.
Compared to mine, it is. :P (it's a HTC Desire before you ask).
haha, well it's 'replaced' my Galaxy S2 (which people also told me was out of date) when I broke it.
It could also possibly highlight a career path with a starting salary of 23-70k. It's not the row that'd put me off, it's the 70 (or 90) hour working week, fuck that.
Yep, that's got to be pretty high up there. Skelmersdale has a bicycle race, does it go around any of the scenic surrounding countryside, nope, around the industrial estate. :/
They've already had their say, and they could have been any more clear and unanimous.
I don't see how bending over and giving in to Argentina every time it throw's it's toys out of the pram would strengthen us in the eyes of the UK. It's pretty well known that Argentina only brings this issue up when there are issues at home.
&gt; Hey guys, fancy changing that thing that has been ingrained into your culture for 1000 years That's not quite fair, it's not as though there will be many-if-any second generation Muslims (or migrants in general) who will not learn English. Not learning the language of the country they live in is hardly a pillar of anyone's culture. These measures are just about setting a standard for first generation migrants and providing a mechanism to achieve it.
&gt; Have you not considered that they actually might feel more comfortable amongst their own culture? How would they know if they can't speak the language of the wider community? Secondly, there is nothing wrong with being comfortable, but you also have to be somewhat *functional* in your environment too. If the only people you can deal with is your Family and perhaps inner community then that's not a productive situation to be in.
