At some point with the level of product placement we have been seeing... its 24/7
We still could have a Stanis battle...
You mean a timer that tells me I have to go x amount faster! Glorious idea!!
I have just mapped the yellows in my head on my route home. there are the turn outs for the turn lanes and they have these long solid white lines. Generally my rule of thumb is that if I am next to that line I can make the yellow since that is what the road designers decided was enough room to move out of traffic and safely stop for a light. Now sometimes you will get the stupid long turn lanes for lights that are high traffic but the majority of the time this works for me.
If done right this can cut congestion, if done poorly it causes it. If you are at a 4 way stop and 2 cars are traveling in opposing directions and can clear the intersection during the same period of time this allows twice the traffic flow.
Normal day.
Prices fall, company cuts budgets because you can never show a loss, building falls into disrepair, no one rents anymore, goes bankrupt, all housing lost.
IMHO, a soldier is whatever, a veteran is a hero. Once you have made the decision to put you're life on the line to fight as my proxy I owe you a debt I cannot repay. I don't care if you are as the person below a cook or in front line infantry, you have put yourself in harms way for me and our country.
Honestly, the only thing that could make a crypto currency worth anything is some sort of tracking and accountability system. Yeah anonymity is great for drugs and hookers but for a stable system that can be trusted it needs a paper trail, especially on the internet. I don't have the money to risk some new hack that takes all of my bitcoins.
My first seizure cat!
I can only imagine what happens when the cat stops running with that much inertia on the wheel with that little friction...
Or blow part of a babys chest off... not that anyone has tested that... oh wait...
Yay! Lets keep F1 using crap technology and nearly no suspension as we wouldn't want any real relevant tech to be designed.
What if we build a 56 rail wide slab of tracks and have bumper to bumper train cars...
That video demonstrates why open carry should be practiced more often. Every single one of those officers should be absolutely ashamed.
Yep as an atheist I know the feels. As a man with many religious family members though, those words are comfort and easily forgotten.
As an atheist I like to think of it this way. I never know someone in real time, everything is on a slight delay and my feelings for them are just memories. Memories are just electrical and chemical pulses that move between the wiring of a brain. I know when I die my electrical pathways die with me but as long as I am remembered I am still triggering neural pathways in another brain. I am imprinted on the brain of another and because of that I am as alive as I ever was but just not creating any new pathways. Death is not to be feared, to be forgotten is scary.
The only practical wheelie is a ever so slight power wheelie in first racing from a dig, past that keep 2 down on tha ground.
Plenty of new tech, they have to design shocks and springs that have much more travel than they currently do since the tire sidewall isn't much of the the suspension anymore. This means figuring out how to jam that into a very small space. Then they have wheel tech, they have to figure out the lightest and strongest way to make the wheels since larger rims are generally a little heavier. The brake tech changes also, they can have more variation in rotor design, cooling, and operating temp. It all combines into a massive change for every team and a new category of engineering competition.
And I think you have no clue what goes into suspension geometry and design and how much more dynamic the suspension will have to be if they move from the 13 inch wheel. Right now the majority of the suspension is in the tire. The move to 18s takes all of that away.
http://i.imgur.com/YwgbT16.gif
Would be bad for me... Worked out well for my wife.
From east texas, may be able to shed some light. Looked like he was throwing another bit of pipe onto the end of the drill. He first removes the piece that connects to the drive side of the drill, this is what he puts over to the right. He then latches onto a new section of drill pipe and screws it onto the end of the pipe in the ground. Now they push that pipe down and put the drive connection back on and they can drill another 10 foot or so section. (Not a roughneck, not sure of any of the terminology)
Do you want to kill the last good paying jobs for the uneducated masses... cause that's how you start the beginning of the end.
Pretty sure they fail a lot. From east Texas... brother in law is a roughneck/oil field trash, does lots of meth, lost his 3 sons... Every time he comes home he gets clean... every time he goes back to the field he gets back on the shit... Until that one time he brought some back and now I have a meth addicted sister in law.
So if we had a sailor sub ohming a flavor like a subway sandwich while listening to yellow submarine which is subliminally sublime... you would have... A sub ohm sub sailor sub ohming sub sammich while sailing subliminally into the sublime submarine songs
Clean efficient nuclear energy!
Look, at least I'm not FIFA...
That is a ridiculous article... it uses the value of your vehicle in the equation... The average adult would have their car even if they worked from home 100% of the time. Also every mile is 795 dollars a year... not 15900, the 795 dollars is just the interest on 15900 not the principal.
That's just like your opinion man... I dunno someone told me to post this here, I made this for /r/electronic_cigarettes
No, TIL that to run a business doing hair braiding you needed a license and training and a certificate saying you were licensed... But now NO MORE! *waits for someone with a bad braid to have some sort of legal issue*
Im okay with them paying for other peoples hospital visits... when they pay for mine. Single payer system or bust!
Dude... im from Texas and this seems fucked up........ Texas....
Got that backwards, multi log is you are sorta playing one then the other. Multibox is you have everything synchronized perfectly and macroed so that all of your toons are playing at 100%
http://viz.dwrl.utexas.edu/sites/viz.dwrl.utexas.edu/files/tower1_0.png This one wins.
I just did this. Unless you are willing to spend hours in the attic pulling cables hire someone. It is a massive PITA and if you mess up you can only blame yourself. I ran 1 cable and called an electrician. A few notes, always run more cables than you will need. If you think you need 2 drops for a room run 4 even if you don't patch them in. Cable is cheap. Also buy more than 1 spindle if possible. Pulling 2-4 runs at a time is easier than 1 run at a time.
O_o Raid 10 gives a 100% speed boost over a single spindle with 4 drives. So 4 SSDs would be a 2X read/write increase roughly.
9 VMs running off of it could use it depending on demand. I use 2 SSDs in a RAID 0 for the OS/games (backed up) partion on my desktop and enjoy the 1GB/s Read. a RAID 1 would also be a suitable option for redundancy.
You need a fuel filter.
We found the person who doesn't clean up after their dog...
It gets me when I go some place that isn't the grocery store. I buy a bunch of crap and they are like... oops no bags... damn you frys and your million tiny deals.
I still get my plastic bag fix in Round Rock.
You do understand that is in whole impossible right? Stock price has no effect on a company other than psychological and by influencing decisions based on the CEO/board's ownership stake. If you own X shares of a company and it still has assets... your shares are never worthless... At worst you own X percent of the assets of the company after debt. For the entire market to go bust you would have to have EVERY company listed hit 0 which means its debt is worth more than its assets.
Because humans aren't meant to be as "productive" as we are. Our productivity is killing us.
We found the person who gets angry about jokes...
Massive gyroscopic forces from the wheels probably helped a lot.
This is /meme... no one goes to /meme...
Make all the PU's cost the same. Unlimited development. All development must be passed to any customer teams immediately. Bam done. Costs are now fixed so if merc wants to throw a bill at the engine they can but they aren't going to get to anything more than a better engine.
Tires are also about the same weight as standard ones and those are the furthest from the center so have the most gyroscopic effect.
Maybe it's grouping people that donated 1000 and 500000 in the same bucket. So on one side you have 0 dollars and the other you have 1-infinite dollars.
RAIDing consumer drives doesn't show a speed increase in client applications. This is not a client box this is a server with potential for high I/O requirements.
i TAUGHT i SAW A PUTY TAT. Bam, no one can say he didn't think he saw a cat... It would basically take a full on confession to get more than a manslaughter charge on that dude... or at least it should.
Texas has a straight 10% rule. Though a cop could always ticket you for something else.
He didn't make a great case for himself, how he handled himself after the crash was probably why he got convicted. Showing no remorse for the death of 2 people is pretty effed up. Past that, for him to get hit with first degree murder is pretty insane. First degree generally requires premeditation but the extreme indifference qualifier seems a tad insane and something any decent lawyer should be able to mitigate with a cooperative client and a plea bargain at the least. At most this guy should have gotten 2nd degree murder with a "in the heat of the moment" qualifier to drop it to a 3rd degree felony. Manslaughter or Vehicular Homicide are more appropriate. The DA threw the book at this guy and his lawyer was too shitty to correct the situation and the guy also dug his own fucking grave.
Aye, he opened his mouth... You never open your mouth.
They somehow got the 1st degree to stick based off a law designed to prosecute premeditated intent to harm anyone. E.g shooting a gun into a crowd with no intent to murder a specific person.
Simple drug test is a game over.
More like. My name is potato and I potato potato potato
The VRTX is a good box but doesn't scale well past 4 blades. There is a box called the FX2S that may be a viable option. Also if you want massive scale-ability for the future you should quote an M1000e.
He is getting paid so its a ProLapse.
Yep can already see the plants dying and the ground look like its dry as shit... Its like a picture representing why my electric bill is through the roof.
I always wanted to do a vertical mount for a rack server with the butt of the server sticking up so that the intake got cool air and exhausted it up.
I remember my epic run away. I packed up some snacks and a few juice boxes. I took my traveling companion, a little green lizard I had caught in a mason jar and went and made a base camp just on the outside of the bushes in my yard. I think I lasted 30 mins and then wanted air conditioning again.
"Awww, thank you" is the appropriate response, or "aren't you sweet"... If you don't like the person complementing you then say whatever though.
For any reasonable parent, that also spanks their child, a 3 year olds tantrum is in no way punishable by a spanking. Jesus, you people seem to think that if you spank your kid that is the go to first line of punishment when in reality it should be your last recourse. Spanking is for repeat and grievous infractions only. A child crying is natural and part of a child's development. Most of the time it is to simply be ignored to show the child that it has no effect. Spanking should never be done in haste or anger. If you cannot control yourself with a child you have issues that go far beyond being a parent. My parents spanked me, it was probably the only punishment they could give me that mattered to me. My parents did spanking in a way that was appropriate, metered and effective. I was sent to my room for my parents to have a moment to calm down, you should never spank when you are angry and never show that anger in the spanking. The waiting for the spanking was 10X worse than the spanking itself. Knowing it was coming and being unable to stop it was the worst part. My father would normally be charged with the spanking duty. He would sit me down and talk with me about what happened and what I had done and why I was being punished. I ofcourse tried to blubber my way out of it but he knew if I talked my way out of the punishment it would be a worthless lesson. He would give me my pops and then it was over. I would be angry and in a huff and he would leave so I could calm down. Once I wasn't as angry any more my parents would both give me a hug/kiss and tell me they still loved me. This is how spanking should happen. This is a foundation for a system of punishment that is not abusive but is definitively effective. There is no need to beat your child or abuse them.
Servers are mounted horizontally in generally 42U+ rack. They have a cold side and hot side cooling system though. I do servers for a living :). My idea is for vertical mounting where instead of a hot or cold side you have cool air on the bottom and it sucks it up through the chassis and blows it up, it is also assisted by thermodynamics of hot air rising.
/u/JeSuisUnAnanasYo's picture is of a skull cap not a half face. Half face helmets cover most of what a full face does but with no chin bar. They are better than nothing but I wouldn't feel safe with one.
UNLESS EVERYONE IS A DOMAIN ADMIN DUMB DUMB DUMB!!!!
At the point you can be put in a cage I think most of you're rights have been revoked.
Triranatops-rex
Could you imagine the frustration of getting on the "toll lane" and then being stuck behind a bus...
What is ruined can never ruin.
Have you seen what happened to that woman from some spilled coffee? http://www.vanosteen.com/news/images/mcdonalds-coffee-lawsuit.jpg
They are whatever the fuck everyone calls them.
Working the phone is not the issue, its the pocket size.
I wear baggy pants, its not that it doesn't fit, it just isn't comfortable.
Cargo pants are so out.
It can be crammed into a pocket but is uncomfortable for sitting.
WTB Steve Jobs back...
Always wait till the last day!
This is a badly used meme... you should feel bad.
Just 4 broken legs...
So much work for a worthless ego clearomizer.
Build one around a subtank nano http://www.myvaporstore.com/Kangertech-Subtank-Nano-3ml-Tank-p/krstn-k.htm
Meh at this point its kinda whatever, he doesn't have to run a sub ohn coil in it and it gives options for the future.
The bigger drivers probably have to be nearly malnourished on race weekends.
Yep, too long of a fuse, I throw 30 second timers at deer... very explosive.
Sorry, that is totally wrong. Look at the new macbook... its a tablet with a keyboard for more than a grand... Its a glorified netbook of the past.
&gt;iTunes Enough said...
Follow the kernel revisions. Vista was 6 Windows 7 was 6.1 - 6+1=7 Windows 8 was 6.2 - 6+2=8 Windows 8.1 was 6.3 - Fuck 8.1 Windows 10 is 6.4. - 6+4=10
Seems like they did after the initial release... fuck it... its called windows 10 don't ask questions... *lights hair on fire and runs out screaming*
She will just fall asleep every time she hears it...
Gotta use a clicker on these types.
1 toe please.
Many companies have it, most don't use it. There are really only 2 options. 1. Stop letting companies use hundreds of thousands of IPv4 addresses for private computers and do an audit of the address space. or 2. Stop routing IPv4 though someone like Level 3. As we have seen with windows XP... a corporation will do a hell of a lot to not change shit.
Good server, stock it with at least 2x 8GB of RAM. 1 small SSD to boot and grab 2x 1TB drives in a RAID 1 for storage.
We really wouldn't know till a full audit is done. They were so careless with the original ipv4 addresses that no one even knows where most are assigned to or if the company they are assigned to is even in business anymore.
http://www.networkworld.com/article/2228854/microsoft-subnet/microsoft-pays-nortel--7-5-million-for-ipv4-addresses.html 700K addresses right there. Every major tech company owns a huge swath of ipv4 and most assign them to their workstations.
dell 2800 series switches may fit your need.
The massive demand is only because of companies assigning ip addresses out to client boxes or management interfaces or a million other things that don't need it all because they refuse to deploy NAT for the local network.
