I once went to a reception which had nothing, but finger foods, along with a "slider bar" (mini burgers) and a mashed potato bar. I know the last one sounds odd, but the delicious hot potatoes were served in martini glasses and could be topped with butter, grated cheddar cheese, sour cream, green onions, bacon, salsa, guacamole, and a few other things. It was ah-MAZING!
ZANG!
Release that inner Bridezilla. Attack Mashed Potato Town! (There might have been a mini taco bar as well.)
*She started sulking and said DH and I aren't making time for her.* "How old are we, MIL? Being sulky over our family's schedule for the foreseeable future doesn't suit you. Buck up. Perhaps things will smooth out towards by the time the year's out."
What.A.Bitch. When you're around her and she's nasty or mean, or whatever she is being, look at her and reply "nasty." Or "mean-spirited," or "unkind." "Disparaging." Hell, I'd get a thesaurus and start learning synonyms left &amp; right.
Here are a few of the and they're doozies! https://www.reddit.com/user/PocketSized-Moose/submitted/
So, I have to ask. Is your Gran slightly touched, or does she just have a sense of humor no one gets? I sprayed coffee all over my laptop when I saw the wood.
Have you given her your own trash? Like, perhaps a single slipper, or an old magazine?
SHE gave you used/contaminated crap, and she expects YOU to be embarrassed? Yeah, her picnic basket's shy a few sandwiches.
Amazon has excellent customer service, but you'll have to drill down through their *Help* links to where you can send them an email asking if it is possible to keep your home address private. I know in the States, FedEx will ship to a local FedEx store near you for you to pick up at your convenience. I believe it's a free service. You might want to ask Amazon C/S if it's possible to request any gifts from your Amazon registry be delivered via FedEx to a local FedEx store.
Future grandmother wants a present at a baby shower being thrown for someone else? Had no one pointed out to MiL how self-centered &amp; wrong that expectation is?
We all need to carry the JustNoMiL cards.
Tastes are individual &amp; highly subjective. Mama Lupe's Tortillas are not widely available across the States, so that might have something to do with the low recommendations. I happened to stumble across them while surfing online low carb stores/support groups. I prefer them to the gummier/fluffy/bread-like tortillas as I think they hold up better to wetter ingredients, but not everyone likes a firmer tortilla. Preferences.
Take u/87roses' suggestion. Check the official webpage for the state where he was born. There should be links to their Bureau of Vital Statistics where he can order copies of his birth certificate/record of live birth. I recommend ordering 3 or 4 copies because he might need them later for obtaining a replacement SS card, passports, etc. Contacting the Social Security office should be fairly easy as well. They do replacement cards for lost/missing cards without too much difficulty. Might be a way to arrange to pick up the new card if they insist on mailing it to his home of record.
Unless you &amp; your FH are willing to bear all the wedding expenses, you can darned well bet there will be trouble with the wedding planning if his parents are contributing any funding. Your best bet is to sit with FH &amp; make a list of things you will not bend on for the wedding, and then a separate list of flexible choices. It will give him a better idea of things he'll need to hold firm on with his MiL and give him better ammo with which to negotiate. If you can swing the wedding costs without help, then definitely keep her on an info diet. "Oh, that's an idea, but we have that already taken care of." "Yes, that's interesting. We'll have to file that away for reference." Your wedding. Your choices. Stop trying to "make" her like you. That boat has sailed. The best thing you can do for yourself is be polite, honest, &amp; straightforward. Have witnesses, save communications. Always keeping the evidence of playing fair &amp; nice. You never know when you'll need it.
&gt; "I'm calling you OldName." "...and I won't answer to it any more, so if you want to waste your breath saying that name into the void, knock yourself out. You've been informed of MY preference for MY name. Discussion is now officially closed."
Oooh! Good one. Although I've heard Taylor, for all her marriages, was a fairly well regarded &amp; genuinely nice person, so might not fit Poor Pity Party. Screw up three marriages, and one really should be wondering "maybe it's ME!?" But yeah, that almost never happens, does it?
She IS trying to kill his sex life. Well, actually, she's trying to prevent any romantic interaction between her son &amp; The Other Woman. "Mom, I want to spend the entire evening banging my brains out. The last faces I want to see are my parents'!"
&gt; Because from here on out, how you frame things will be very important. There's a huge difference between 'Your mom is a manipulative bitch,' and 'You are way too smart to fall for that.' OP, this is important! You know the old saying about flies to honey? Unfortunately, it applies to a stubborn, obtuse husband who still seeks his mom's approval. You don't have to back down one inch, but play to your DH's strengths. He's too smart to fall for things like u/_Green_Kyanite_ said, or "in a normal relationship between two adults who understand who the baby's mother is and who is NOT the baby's mother, we could reason with her, but we know from past experiences this isn't the case." Also remember the power of "we." "Honey, I think it's better for daughter if we stick to her schedule." "Sweetheart, I know she's full of advice, but medicine and pediatrics have advanced over the years. It's best we stick to what her doctor suggests." Always use the "we" and not "I." Think of it as the Royal We, like the Queen.
You wanna know how to get Gobbler? They pull a knife, you pull a gun. He sends one of yours to the hospital, you send one of his to the morgue. *That's* the *Chicago* way! And that's how you get Gobbler. Best of luck! Will be looking forward to the eventual updates.
Lay down the law to all parents &amp; step parents. There will be no invitations, written or oral, issued by anyone except you &amp; DH. Demand, yeah, DEMAND a list of potential invitees from the parents and asl that the most important people be indicated on the list, possibly in order. You will accommodate as many as possible, but you do not want to get grief from ANYONE because not everyone will be invited.
How difficult would it be for you to place a phone call to her workplace and speak with the Human Resources department (or similar department)? You could say you wanted to know what sort of documentation she might need--because you want to be super helpful ;)
&gt; "By hook or by crook" Even older than that! Its usage dates back to at least the 1300's.
Question time! I realize you cannot give medical advice. What I'm asking is what is the proper terminology to use when asked if I have any allergies. A PT gets documented urticaria from head to toe with the use of certain antibiotics. No breathing difficulties, but oy, the itching &amp; welts! Is this a sensitivity or do you call it an allergy? I want to help the medical staff help keep me as safe as possible by giving them correct information (They do usually red band me for the meds &amp; a latex sensitivity for caution's sake). I also have sensitivities that popped up during scratch testing I had done because I had noticed some funky reactions when I ate certain foods. On the 0 to 11 scale, they run from 4's to 10's. Should these be mentioned as purely sensitivities if reported at all? In my case, the worst reactions to most of these are my sinuses clogging up or a few skin itchy "splotches". So far there has never been a reaction any where even remotely close to being seen in the ED. I hate feeling like a special snowflake by mentioning crap, but damn, I don't want to be that dope that failed to give people in charge of keeping me well proper information! It makes me wonder--"hey, idiot, you do have a sensitivity to certain seafood. Ya think that might've had anything to do with that weird thing that went on with your eyes about an hour after you had that contrast dye? And you know your dad has a sensitivity to the dye...hmmm. Do I mention this or was it a normal side effect that they failed to tell me about?" What to say, when to say? I want to do the smart thing.
Thank you! I'll be sure to follow your suggestions. :)
o.O Hell's bells! Living is dangerous! Eeesh. No problems with kiwi fruit, avocados, bananas, etc., but I try to avoid blowing up balloons, mainly because they taste horrible. ;) Learned years &amp; years ago a latex Foley was not my friend, and later latex condoms, ribbed or otherwise, were not for my pleasure. So far the only problems I have with latex have been with mucous membranes or the odd medical tape used for more than a day. Fingers crossed it stays that way. Knew an RN who started out the same way. Unfortunately for her, it cascaded into having to cut everything and anything that contained latex out of her life, and lordy, is that stuff every where. Her rants about finding latex-free undies and bras were sad, but hysterically funny. It broke her heart to give up nursing. She was one of the nurses who had the gift of making a person feel better just by being her. Thank you for sharing your knowledge.
Welts, weals, wheals, hives, skin rash, urticaria. Call it what you will, but basically this bit of hellishness and most DEFINITELY a sign of an allergy: http://m.patient.media/images/urticaria.jpg
Corner piece with all the frosting &amp; flowers! (I may have been that fat kid who loved cake a bit too much.)
My local grocery store does a whipped buttercream frosting which is light, fluffy and not overly sweet. A tad more substance to it than whipped cream, but not cloyingly sweet. I've never found another local bakery that duplicates it. Probably full of all kinds of chemicals, but it's sooo good on their Genoise cakes.
I've mailed a cupcake in a small canning jar. It worked out fairly well!
I know they're the bane of your modding these days, but I kinda like them, especially the ones served with a nice helping of justice boner on the side. It's encouraging to hear about a MiL getting smacked back done to size.
...and probably will try to do in one form or another. "Grandmamma loves her baby more than her mean ol' mommy does. You love your Grandmamma more than mean mommy, don't you?"
There is that possibility that MiL was just being about as dumb as a doorknob and did not honestly believe OP when she said her little one goes off the rails without enough proper sleep. Goodness knows, I turn into a proper grumpasaurus without sleep. Fingers crossed, with a really good, up close and personal chat from BOTH parents about how ALL the rules WILL be followed or access to Best Big Brother AND his new sibling will be extremely limited for ages might rattle her enough to be a proper Drill Instructor when it comes to Lights Out. Can't believe a grandparent could overlook the prime opportunity of bath time (perfect time for new pj's!) and those golden moments of reading a bedtime story or two while he's tucked safely into bed. What a waste of building a wonderful memory or two for them both.
&lt;3 I really like it when the heroes &amp; heroines win, especially when they take down the ol' dragon in front of family &amp; kingdom! Keep thy sword sharp and thine spine arrow straight!
Then turn it right back on her! "Just? YOU JUST??? You were just giving him ice cream before bed? In what sane universe does someone give a child ice cream a few hours before bed? You know, the bed you denied him? That sleep you were told and now have witnessed for yourself, that he so desperately needed? You made him suffer to feed your own jollies. He was so over-wrought &amp; over tired he could barely function, and yet, he KNEW what was best for him! The CHILD KNEW what he needed and THAT'S why he so desperately wanted to come home. The child knew better than the adult who was entrusted to care for him! There is no explanation in the world to satisfy me, so don't even try to justify your selfish behavior!"
My Dad always has been really good about being a grandfather, although it helps that our ideas of parenting have been similar. He did indulge my kids with ice cream or cookies, but his rule was the kids had to have finished a respectable portion of their meal AND whatever the amount of ice cream or cookies they took for themselves, they had to finish. If they did not finish, then no treats the next time they were offered. In a weird way, he helped them quickly learn self-police their own portions. He is a believer in birthday cake &amp; leftover pizza for breakfast. ;) "It's just food. Does it really matter when it's eaten as long as it's burned off while having a good time?"
To quote a very popular opinion around here: "NO!" is a simple, declarative sentence. Your life, your family, your rules, your plans. Don't let an outside force disrupt them if you can avoid it. MiL is NOT the end-all, be-all to your world. Keep your plans. She should check with you (and check her privilege) before she invites herself or your starts planning your life.
&gt; cuntlicking dwarf whore!!! That *does* have a certain ring to it, doesn't it?
On the flip side...telling event planners you are planning a big, blow out bash to celebrate some event or other tends to get you a remarkably lower price list for a whole host of things. Discovered this little secret when a friend was planning her New Year's Eve destination wedding. Just kept telling the vendors that they wanted to throw a fabulous 7 course sit-down dinner with wine and a tiered cake for 60 of their closest friends to celebrate the new year and her SO's promotion. The cost savings was well over a third of what was quoted to them when they were calling around town saying they were planning a wedding. "Future MiL, you keep using this word 'party,' instead of calling it a 'wedding' which is what it is. Is there something we need to talk about here? We have to admit we're becoming a bit concerned with your lack of acknowledging the purpose of our event."
Hell, I get exhausted &amp; cranky visiting DC on my own WITHOUT kids. Too much heat, too many stinky people (bathe, people, with SOAP, and use some deodorant for goodness sake!) and too much day leads to a very snappish Viking person who wishes the DC Metro cops wouldn't get so fussy about people brandishing a sword at the sidewalk hogs. I'm just trying to move things along.
I get lazy with the scrolling back &amp; forth, so I copy and paste it all into the comment box. That seems to auto-format for easier and faster reading. Had no clue it was something as minor as a few indentations that would set the format like this. Thank you for the redditing lesson, u/Barnard33F
You poor guy! No salsa? No obscenely unnaturally orange nacho cheese sauce in your life? Come to America, my friend, and taste its wonders.
Yep, mine local one is about a year old, but mine is dark &amp; dingy inside with extremely small with hard to negotiate aisles, Walmart quality produce, a tiny selection of meats &amp; cheese, full of fussy toddlers and very slow moving senior citizens. The snack/chip/candy/cookie aisle is pretty great--all the stuff I don't need/shouldn't eat. Prices are good, but it's depressing &amp; frustrating to shop there.
The thing is, it's a brand new building. Because the windows are up high and are tiny, the dim interior lighting &amp; bland wall paint, as well as the floor layout, are flat out awful. I grew up shopping at military commissaries (and still do when I have to do a super large shopping trip). Sparse, low cost doesn't have to mean ugly. Add all this, plus iffy price points/quality will rarely get me to drive past my local Publix. Plus, it doesn't help that the my Aldi store employs cashiers who come across as being trapped into soul-sucking lives. Atmosphere counts for a lot especially when I already hate shopping.
My kids like to do their junk food shopping at Dollar Tree. A buck for a Red Baron Pizza, or a big bag of Bugles, or Cheese Doodlez makes their day. I've picked up from Mango slices for smoothies and was honestly surprised at the quality. My opinion of Aldi would improve if it didn't seem so damned depressing inside. If Dollar Tree can seem bright and cheerful with all its low quality crap, then so can Aldi.
Just for grins, a French Salad Dressing Recipe: 1⁄2 cup vegetable oil 1 cup ketchup 1⁄2-3⁄4 cup sugar (start with 1/2 cup) 1⁄2 cup white vinegar 1⁄3 cup minced yellow onion 2 teaspoons lemon juice 1 teaspoon paprika 1⁄2-1 teaspoon garlic salt (or to taste or use 1-2 teaspoons fresh minced garlic and 1/2 teaspoon white salt) Blend well &amp; store in sealed jar in refrigerator.
My FiL recently passed away while my husband &amp; our younger two were visiting him. Needing to get the word out without being stuck on the phone all day, I wrote a small public tribute to let friends &amp; extended family know of his passing. My FiL, while a sweetheart of a guy, was a browbeaten man who surrendered any control of his life to my MiL and narc/personality disordered SiL. He was the classic enabler. I made mention that after several upheavals in his life (fleeing a dictatorship, career changes, etc.) he had given over the reins of his family to his wife &amp; daughter, ("perhaps not the best choice, and certainly not the typical way of a Latin family, but he chose to be like calm waters, taking the path of least resistance..."). My eldest PMs me with "Mom, that was a lovely tribute, but DAMN, that shade you threw!" Shit will definitely fly when SiL's blocked ass ever reads what I've written, but honestly, as far as she is concerned I wouldn't piss on her if she was on fire. My husband hasn't seen it either since he doesn't do social media with his phone, so there might be a touch of fallout to dodge there, but those two women ran roughshod over that gentle man and it aggrieves me deeply we were powerless to stop it because of distance. What's even worse is the funeral is going to be a circus and the perfect stage for the ensuing grief play.
Oh, for eff's sake. I doubt her little pea brain absorbed one bit of information you were trying to give her. Is apraxia similar in nature to the weird sort of aphasia some migraine sufferers experience where they understand speech, but during an episode simply can't make the words come out either correctly or at all? It's like the brain's wiring becomes jumbled/signals crossed. Any child who can pick up a second language--which to my mind is exactly what sign language is, seems like a damned intelligent little human!
"*The family*, Tonya? To which family would you be referring? My family of origin or DH's? DH &amp; I are a new branch and of course this means we naturally make up a new family. It's how it works. But don't worry. You'll always be considered a part of our *extended family.* We'd only chop off the old branches if they became bothersome &amp; interfering with our new growth." :::winkwink:::
:::thunderous applause::: Feels pretty darned good to flash that sassy spine, doesn't it?
&gt; Men in Kilts have interesting effects on Scottish women Hell, they have an interesting effect on more than Scottish women! During the early 70's, my proper &amp; very attractive thirty-something American mother once "followed the ship" as the carrier my father was attached to went from port to port during a 6 month deployment. Mom ended up at a pub in Edinburgh with a group of other Navy wives waiting for their husbands to disembark the boat for a few days liberty. The husbands were late, the wives were thirsty &amp; feeling frisky because good times were about to be had, so things got interesting when in walked a man in a kilt. Mom &amp; the stranger struck up a conversation while standing at the bar &amp; in the course of things the conversation came around to kilts and The Rumor. My mom boldly asked, and the man replied, "I'll show you what's under mine if you show me what's under an American woman's skirt." The deal was struck and on the count of three, they lifted their respective skirts. While my mom would never provide details, she did say they both were well rewarded.
Our brains are the most fantastically plastic of organs, aren't they? The fact that we're learning we can almost rewire them from the outside with therapy &amp; "exercising" them is nothing short of miraculous.
How dare ANYONE tell you how much time you choose to spend with your family member who will be permanently gone from your life within a very short time. She is dying. THAT is a certainty which cannot and will not be changed. Those who remain living, those people who are jealous of time spent with a dying young woman, they who are jealous of those last final moments you spend with your sister; they, who are healthy with miles of road stretched out before them? Their attitudes are to be pitied. What childish &amp; self-centered behavior they are showing. Both of them deserved to have their behavior &amp; attitudes pointed out to them &amp; shamed.
I've done the "mouth says one thing while brain is thinking the I've said something different." Usually happens when I'm super tired or under a load of stress in my life. As for a sign of "mindgrains" as my kids used to call them, all I know is it happens with a friend of mine, usually as a migraine is ramping up for him. I get ocular migraines. No real pain, but more of a sense of a whopping load of pressure building inside my head along with zigzagging lights at the edge of my field of vision. After a few minutes of that, my center field of vision sort "disappears." If you've ever seen an episode of the original Star Trek movies where they're tele-transporting(?) people and their bodies get all sparkly gold looking before they appear/disappear, THAT is what I see. If I was staring straight at you, you'd be just about gone. It's bizarre!
You guys really need to google name combinations. I'm pretty sure Tempest Storm is/was either a stripper or porn star. Not that there's anything wrong with that, but kids can be awfully hard on other kids when stuff like that gets discovered. Edit--always became partial to Stormaggedon after watching an episode of Doctor Who.
Woof! That man!
Yeah, exactly, because words simply...it's...oy. That's...at least she had the sense to recognize damaged people &amp; leave right away. :::shudder:::: Sex tips from Game of Thrones AND your mother??? Whoo boy. This one's a doozy.
I swear I used to think I'd poop myself inside out. I guess once those hormones commence with evac ops, the rest of the gang inside panics and tries to jump ship. "Hey! Wait for US!!!!"
Heck, I would go as far as to NOT include a time when she can expect a sleep over, because she WILL push that time line. A strongly worded email is probably the best way to delivery the first blow, set the boundary in place, and get a sense of her reaction so you can "gird your loins" for the oncoming battle. Have no doubt, there will be SERIOUS push back from her on this, so I hope LO's father will not present a problem because you're going to upset his mommy. Your little one, your family, your rules.
Definitely drop them a text message or email with "We've noticed a pattern of visits every weekend. Although it's been lovely to see you &amp; we know you enjoy seeing the baby, it's getting to be a bit overwhelming to entertain every weekend so we feel it's wisest to set some boundaries to keep harmony in our expanding family. The weekend errands &amp; tasks which need to be accomplished are beginning to pile up. Rather than continuing to feel overwhelmed, we think it's best for us that you check with us before assuming we will be free to entertain each weekend. As it stands now, this weekend finds us busy with quite a few things so a visit is not going to work out for us. We'll let you know if our schedule improves."
"Aww, thanks for the offer to help. You're so thoughtful, but completely unnecessary! We've got it under control as long as we stick to our planned schedule and keep distractions to a minimum. No worries. We'll get together soon!" You could also throw in a comment about how *envious* (not jealous) the rest of your family has been since the in-laws have been seeing the baby so often. "They want to know when is it going to be their turn! :::sigh::: We're just hoping we get OUR own quiet time with the baby because it seems like we're being besieged left and right with visitors. Honestly, we'd just love to be able to enjoy some quiet time just the three of us. No one seems to understand this."
I like to use a firm grip while casting off the offending hand while adding an even firmer "NO. Do NOT touch my belly again unless you have my express permission. Are we clear? Yes, I think we are."
And I'll bet Bippy can cook!
Kick her. HARD. "Sorry. It's just a reflex I have to being touched inappropriately, so it's best you keep your hands to yourself unless invited to do otherwise."
Had friends who married on the last day of the year and I'm pretty darn sure they qualified as being married for that entire tax year.
Yes, ma'am, THAT is gonna steam her undies right proper! Too bad you're not going to see her puckered old CBF. The only problem I see will be your SO who might need to get into the bedroom while you're gone AND will have to withstand her onslaught of "Let me see/why can't I see/OP is hateful &amp; disrespectful to you."
Yowza! This is fantastic! Bold, mature, pointed, with expectations of her future behavior if she wants to continue having a relationship, while still being protective of his wife &amp; child. It has it all. The Magical Penis line is brilliant.
When FFiL gets pissy, you call him yourself to say "Aw, FMil has gotten her wires crossed AGAIN, and we need your help. We know she's excited about all the changes coming, etc., and I know she feels the need to help, bless her dear heart, but unfortunately, in her excitement to help she is stepping on toes and trying to make decisions which aren't hers to make, God love her. She's had her own wedding to plan when she was a young bride-to-be, &amp; I'm sure it was wonderful. I'd like to have that experience, too. I'm sure you understand this is a once in a lifetime thing for a young couple. We want to make our wedding meaningful &amp; memorable to US. How do we convey to her that while we appreciate her thoughtfulness, it's unreasonable for her to take offense when we choose to plan our wedding our way? If things continue the way they have been, FH &amp; I very well might just have to say 'to hell with this' and elope just to put an end to it all. The stress she is putting on us is overwhelming. Can you help us make understand she needs to take more of a spectator approach to our wedding planning and let *us* pick &amp; choose what is best &amp; affordable for us? "
Have you never read the Great Grilled Cheese Melt Down from two years ago? The guy was so serious about his grilled cheese. https://www.reddit.com/r/grilledcheese/comments/2or1p3/you_people_make_me_sick/ When I've been in a hurry to stuff a grilled cheese sandwich into my gullet, I've been known to cheat the cooking. I start heating up the pan at a slightly higher heat than I normally would use, butter the outside of the bread, put the cheese in the middle, finish assembling, put it on a plate and then pop it into the microwave for 10 to 15 seconds. It's critical to watch it carefully. The cheese needs to start melting, but you have to stop the microwave before it screws up the bread. Add just a bit of extra butter to the pan (I use a non-stick pan, too), slide the sandwich into the pan, get it all toasty, flip. When it's all crisped &amp; golden to your liking, plate that sucker and enjoy. It cuts the cooking time by at least a third.
She's making double buttered TOAST with some cheese in the middle.
In one of the other JustNoMiL entries, someone said what amounts to "MiL, don't give us money if it comes with strings attached to your happiness." A marvelous line.
There's a Cruella in the MiL Hall of Shame. What about *It's All About Meee-ah*? Or *Simone Legree* because she's an evil greedy bitch with a tongue as sharp as a whip?
Change your once in a lifetime wedding date because it's near somebody's birthday??? Does she realize how ridiculous this sounded? It's a birthday. EVERYONE has one, every year. No getting around them, unless you die. A wedding, if you're lucky, comes once in a lifetime. I'd be tickled pink to go to a wedding on my birthday. Cake, food, booze, music, laughter. What's not to love about that?!
Especially if you're blessed with height. Got out of a few fights while in high school (we PCSd to an area known for unfortunate race relations in their southern school system--a real wake up call for a kid who had been taught to treat everyone the same). The best was having some sassy pants roll up to me while I was sitting in the cafeteria eating lunch &amp; telling me I needed to move my white honky ass outta her seat or she was gonna beat my tail. "Nope. I don't think so. I'll move when I'm done." "Oh, no. We gonna do this now!" So I stood up, all 6+ feet of me because I was in heels, took a step toward her short little self and wearing my bitch face, looked down at her &amp; said, "Somehow, I don't think so, but if you're sure about this..." I got the "talk to the hand" gesture, a toss of her head, and off she walked. My heart pounded in my chest for the rest of the day.
And spill your drink on it.
I did not know this about 211 !!! My FiL recently died, so husband &amp; I have been wondering what his mom will do with herself now that she no longer has a center focus in her life. She's really slowed down and we've convinced her she has no business driving at 92 with her bum knee and coke bottle glasses.
How is her weight? If she's a pudge, you could point out losing the excess weight will take the stress off the knee joint. EVERY time she brings up her knee pain, you ask how her weight loss plan is working. Be that annoying little gnat. Do it every time. Perhaps it will shut her up. As one with the ol' osteo in the knees, I know that even an extra 10 pounds added to my tall frame makes a difference in the levels of pain I can experience.
Ok, there goes that idea. "Then see about having your knee replaced. If your constant complaining about the pain is any indication, you truly should think about considering a knee replacement. Goodness know, if *we're* tired of hearing about it, then I can only imagine what it's like for you to feel you always have to tell people how much pain you're in. Yes, you really ought to consider surgery..." Subtle enough to perhaps shut her up, yet you can drop the hint she's talking too much about herself.
This is a Master Class being taught right here, y'all.
My blood got kinda hot when I read about him giving her permission to open the gifts, then I realized some of the comments were on the money. By saying "you open them" he also is saying "Begone! You hold no power here!" (I had comedian Kevin Meany's song "I Don't Care" playing in my head by the end of your post https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1aoz7t8DovQ ) edit--letters, because they change meanings
I would've given anything to have had her tell SiL to rip down all the decorations ASAP. I hope you find Sandy.
One of the benefits of being married to someone who flies is you can use subtle versions of flight deck hand signals across a crowded room. Husband &amp; I use it to our advantage by using the "start engines" to signal it's time to start wrapping up &amp; head out. "Pull chocks" means it's definitely time to go.
We're out now, as are most of our friends, but when we're all out together in a group it's cool that our husbands know they can communicate with any of the wives to get the "round 'em up, head 'em out" word passed back &amp; forth with something as subtle as a finger twirl.
I'm guilty of doing that around the house, mainly because I have a love/hate relationship with the dishwasher. I'm thankful I have it, but I hate loading and unloading the danged thing. Weird, I know.
LOL! I've realized this is like knowing the Club Secret Handshake. Watching a Flightline or Flightdeck in operation is like watching a dangerous ballet. I can always tell from across a crowded room when my husband is telling sea stories because his hands are in the air and he's "pointing to his watch" with his other four fingers (some of you will know exactly what I mean). I swear there are times I can still smell "airplane" in his closet. What an adventure that period of our lives was.
Reading this makes me wish so very hard for a time machine so I could either go back in time to knock ALL these awful mothers right on their asses, or at the very least give their children a heads up about the shitstream that was about to flow their way. Your mum sounds like she's a wonderful soul who managed to get her way to adulthood with a strong inner sense of right &amp; wrong in spite of her own very screwed up parents. What a love she must be.
"Just a bit of advice to you, dear sweet MiL. I will not keep secrets from other family members. If you choose to talk ill of others in front of me, I WILL repeat it back to them. I believe people should be aware of awful things being said behind their backs. I know if you are willing to say unkind things about them to me, I can only assume you will say unkind things about me to them. You've already show your hand. I don't care whether you agree with me about this or not, but this IS how it's going to be from now on, so take this as your only warning. And just so you know, I don't think someone who constantly talks crap about others is the sort of person I would want around my children very often."
You should gift her with a DNA analysis kit just so she can see how much of a special snowflake (with emphasis on FLAKE) she really is. Congratulations on your little girl. All of my little ones were born with that dark shark eye. Every one of them ended up with a variation of brown. That darned DNA of my husband's lines overwhelmed the massive amount of blues of mine.
The beauty of it is as long as you've captured the intended message receiver's attention, you can keep the hand signals subtle, small, and right in front of your chest while holding a drink, or down at your side. I've even used what I call the "fire, fire, fire" signal as a "come rescue me" gesture--repeatedly drawing the symbol for infinity with my finger. Sometimes he gets it. Sometimes I have to bore holes into his face with my eyes.
Then you must understand the difference between real minutes and maintenance minutes. ;)
&lt;3 Outstandingly good news! Heroes coming in all sizes, don't they? Young son saved the day with his quick thinking! Good man!
Dogs &amp; cats often eat grass because they *need* to vomit. Other times it's because they just want to eat grass because they're little weirdos. http://www.petmd.com/dog/wellness/evr_dg_eating_grass?page=2
"Aw, Alex, it's so sweet that you wanted to share your wants and your expectations about the birth of my baby. Now it's MY turn to share with you EXACTLY what is going to occur in relation to my labor, delivery, and recovery with MY baby. None of these things will ever be open for discussion so save your fussing. *I* am the one delivering this baby, so what *I* say goes. I'd hate to have to share with friends and family that you have become one of those pushy, whiny, it's-all-about-meeee stereotypical mother-in-laws trying to force what SHE wants instead of allowing us to enjoy this miracle as WE desire &amp; have planned with our birthing staff (This is kinda throwing the gauntlet at her feet)." And then detail your plans. There WILL be push back, but stick to your guns and if she DOES get nasty about your plans, then take the fight to social media and expose her for the tyrant she is. Do not let your husband decide his MOTHER'S piss ant selfish feelings are more important than his wife's--the mother of the child and the one who is going to be undergoing the physical endurance test of her lifetime!
But you DON'T want her there. More importantly, neither of you NEED her to witness the birth. This isn't some royal birth which needs to be documented! She cannot help you, she will not do anything except take your focus from doing your jobs: bringing your little one into the world with as little stress and trauma as possible. She's already causing you BOTH stress. This will only be amplified when you are in labor. Have DH research the harmful effects of stress on mother &amp; child during labor. If this doesn't give him a clue how harmful her presence can be during and after delivery, then I don't know what else to suggest unless it's possibly enlisting the help of a male friend who will be on your side and can talk him into getting his head out of his ass where it concerns his mother.
Or people that are extremely klutzy who have fallen down stairs a few times in their lives. Backwards. Head first. Oy.
Hotel. If there's no way out of the visits, then ALL visitors will stay in a hotel and pay for it themselves. That's not a solution, but it will help give you a modicum of privacy and a bit of respite from their overbearing attitudes.
Sizzling sneaky burn.
Maybe she could be called "Vile SeeYouNextTuesday?"
Try to remember when he is lashing out at you, that you are his safe space, his safety net. In the back of his mind he knows he can blow a gasket at you because you understand, love, and accept him. While he's not doing it to be a dick, it can become a bad habit if not kept in check. Keep guiding him towards understanding he is doing what he needs to do to get his arms around this mess of a relationship he has with BOTH parents. Help him realize it is going to get very rough for awhile before he sees any improvement and that it might take some time--after all, his parents have been allowed to behave like this ALL his life.
This link might help explain the differences (includes pictures, too). http://www.seriouseats.com/2014/08/difference-between-jam-jelly-compote-conserve-apple-butter-preserves-types.html Jell-O gelatin, no matter the flavor (and there have been some mighty odd flavors over the decades) is flat out nasty with a really weird mouth feel when it's served all by itself.
