We also have skinny cow for ice cream treats!
I add egg whites and a scoop of chocolate protein powder, and top it with unsweetened shredded coconut and a few white chocolate chips
Me too! So many toppings!
In recipes, big T = tablespoon, little t = teaspoon :)
That's a great idea! I've been craving chocolate covered strawberries lately, and I hadn't thought of trying chocolate pudding. Thanks for the tip!
That's correct, but I often see them abbreviated the shorter way as well. I'm in Canada but I'm by no means saying it's a Canadian thing. I read all my recipes online anyway!
100-calorie bag of popcorn, cup of yogurt, or a 90-calorie fibre one lemon bar are my top three choices. If I have a little more room to work with, I'll have a Quest bar or peanut butter on toast. Occasionally I'll have a scoop of ice cream, but it's hard to stick to just one serving!
Congratulations! This is something I've wanted to do for so long!
Same here. I guess I have what they call "resting bitch face" (not a fan of that term though).
Hey, that's fantastic! Hope things go well for you.
Same here! No side effects, no babies! Can't say I have the same gas issue though...
Half (okay, maybe three quarters) of a large movie theatre popcorn
I have emetophobia as well. Hope you're doing okay.
Sounds good! Do they taste pumpkin-y?
Hi Dawn! I personally don't have experience with any of those books, but I've heard good things about Feeling Good so I'm thinking about purchasing it as well. You might want to check out the [Anxiety &amp; Phobia Workbook](http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/1626252157). I finished reading it recently and I found it to be quite helpful.
Great, thanks for the reply! I'll try making them soon!
Once every month or two. But my credit card gives me points toward free movies, so I usually don't have to pay for the ticket.
Never heard of this "danger triangle". I've popped pimples there before and I've been fine. I don't think you need to see a doctor. Just keep it clean. I have health anxiety as well, so I know it's hard, but try not to Google it anymore. It won't help you.
A nice cup of tea, a big blanket, and cuddles
Looks good! Good luck on your exam!
"It's accrual world"
I got to sleep in, the weather was nice, and I went on a nice date with my boyfriend.
I went to school in BC, and I believe it was mandatory from grades 4 to 8. After that you can choose to take a different language but I stuck with French until grade 11.
That's true. However in Vancouver, I think learning Chinese or another Asian language would be much more useful. I've only met a couple people who are fluent in French.
I like CoverGirl's Clump Crusher
If you click on their username there's an option to view their diary, unless it's set to private.
I love Daiso! But if I go there I'll come back with a lot more than just that bento box...
Looks good! I think I'll try making the adobo!
I feel the same way. I could handle blood no problem, but not vomit
That's not always the case though.
Have fun with stats!
Well in that case, congrats!
[This](http://imgur.com/n8Z63nl) is what my printing looks like.
Makes things a lot easier when I'm reviewing my notes!
HAGS
That's good to hear! Hope things go well for you. Do you have any plans lined up for further treatment?
Love your hair!
It takes a little longer, but I find it calming and satisfying! When I have to write quickly, it looks more like [this](http://imgur.com/1NH3lNn).
Thanks!
Your breakfast looks delicious! I've gotta try these tofu scrambles!
Have a nice bath and a cup of tea.
I prefer chamomile, peppermint, or valerian root teas because they're quite calming. Right now my favourite is [Mother's Little Helper](https://www.davidstea.com/ca_en/mother-s-little-helper-org) from David's Tea. My favourite candle scent is lavender. Throw in a bath bomb or some bubble bath and you're all set!
Try it out! I just got into it recently. I'm usually a coffee person, but I've been trying to cut down on caffeine to help with my anxiety. Herbal teas work quite nicely.
Tagalog
Herbal tea. I'm not a fancy tea connoisseur by any means, but I love trying new flavours!
If she's that sick, it might be in her best interests to rest rather than see you, unfortunately.
Same here. Feels good to finally be getting help though. Better late than never.
I'm sorry to hear that! Perhaps you can consider switching to a different SSRI? I've been on Lexapro for two months now, and I've had no such problems. No bad side effects at all, actually.
Too well. If I don't set an alarm, I can easily sleep for 12 hours straight. I feel like crap when I wake up.
A good cup of coffee.
It definitely could be anxiety. I've been through something similar, even went to the ER because of it, and it turned out to be anxiety. Keep in mind that since you're young, the chances of it being anything heart-related are very slim. It's still a good idea to get it checked out, though. It'll put your mind at ease.
I prefer the treadmill. We have one in our house, so I can turn on Netflix, and I don't have to worry about how I look.
Feels good to get the ball rolling, doesn't it? Good luck with everything my friend.
Cute! Your sweater looks super comfy!
Cute! The flower filter is super flattering!
Even better if you heat it up for a few seconds!
This is next on my list! Can't wait to watch it!
I've been kinda obsessed with them lately. They're so good roasted!
Great, thanks for the info! Looking forward to it.
Whatever works for you, my friend. Hope the medication goes well for you!
Yes, Lush! I love the bubble bars!
Not sure what you're into, but I'd get some bath goodies, a new book, and a new flavour of tea.
I love these! My favourite is the salsa ranch!
I've been on Lexapro for eight weeks now and it's been great! I've had no bad side effects whatsoever, and my anxiety has become much more manageable.
As others have said, there probably aren't any interactions. I'm taking Alesse and Lexapro, and neither my doctor nor my pharmacist mentioned any interactions. Besides, since birth control is so common, if your medication wasn't supposed to be taken with birth control, it would probably state that clearly.
Great choice! Enjoy!
With cinnamon and sugar if I'm craving something sweet!
Yeah, it's definitely different for each person but I've heard a lot of good things about Lexapro!
I've been on Lexapro for two months now and the dreams have been out of control! I never used to remember my dreams but now I have at least two per night. They're extremely vivid.
No worries, hope everything works out well for you.
My boyfriend and I watched the first season, but we couldn't get into the second season, so we stopped after a couple episodes. Is it worth watching? I do love Shonda's other shows
I wasn't able to keep up with many shows during school, so now I'm catching up on the latest seasons of Flash and Arrow. Also going to start watching Legends of Tomorrow, and considering Supergirl as well
Just finished season two of Daredevil the other day and I loved it! Make sure to check out Jessica Jones as well!
Yeah, I understand! I'll probably end up watching it at some point.
Good choice! Enjoy!
I started with Paxil as well, and the side effects were terrible! Switched over to Lexapro and had no problems whatsoever.
This is on my list! Can't wait to start watching it!
Hi, welcome! It's good to finally have an answer to what you've been feeling. Hope things go well for you.
Hmm, I haven't heard of this as a side effect! I've been taking escitalopram for a couple months now and haven't experienced this. Side effects tend to go away within a few weeks though, so maybe it'll be back to normal by next time. If not I'd suggest considering switching to another SSRI - there's lots of options out there and it's all about finding the one that works best for you! Hope everything goes well for you.
Which Fibre One bars do you like? I love the lemon bars. I've found Nature Valley's [Oatmeal Breakfast Squares](http://www.naturevalley.com/nv-products/blueberry-soft-baked-oatmeal-squares/) which are similar, but a bit higher in calories. Edit: Just noticed that they have a chocolate banana bread version (which we don't have in Canada). That sounds absolutely delicious.
I have to head over to Kernels and try this! Sounds amazing!
Ah yes, the jumbo bag! Got one full of caramel corn as a birthday present a few years ago.
I watch a lot of shows, and I play video games occasionally. I've recently gotten into meditation and yoga. I also love reading, so right now I'm reading a book about meditation. I also love going for evening walks.
Adult colouring books are great! Even for non-artsy people like me!
Hi there! I have health anxiety as well, so I understand how you're feeling. I've been to the ER multiple times, and I've had EKGs, blood work, and multiple ultrasounds done. Over the last few months, through counselling and medication, I've gotten my anxiety down to a manageable level. I know medication isn't for everyone, but it's helped me. And as others have said, don't Google your symptoms! It doesn't help. If you have any questions about my experience I'd be glad to answer them. Hope everything gets better for you, my friend.
Yoga and meditation are great! I've started them both recently and they make a big difference! I highly recommend them.
Have you tried cranberry extract pills? They're usually found near the vitamins.
Those cotton pads will fill ya right up!
I use just enough melted butter to make it stick. I also have a spray bottle for olive oil which I use sometimes, but it just doesn't seem to do the trick as well as butter does.
Hi there! I started taking escitalopram (a different SSRI) two months ago, and I've had no bad side effects whatsoever. Since everyone's different, you won't know until you try, but I highly recommend trying them. If they don't work out for you after a couple months, you can always consider switching to a different SSRI. It's all about finding one that works for you. I hope it goes well for you. Good luck!
When you go to the pharmacy, they'll ask you if you want the generic version or the brand name. I get the generic version, and it costs about $3 per month with insurance. Good luck with the Lexapro! I started taking it recently as well.
Hi there! I'm taking escitalopram, which is similar. It's been great so far. I've had no bad side effects whatsoever. If you've already been prescribed it, give it a try! Since everyone's different, you won't know until you try. If it doesn't work well for you after a couple of months, then you can ask your doctor about switching over to a different medication. It's all about finding what works best for you. Good luck, and I hope it goes well for you!
That's good to know, thanks for sharing! I've had some of their low calorie dishes before, which I enjoyed, so I'm glad to see there's more to choose from! I'll be checking it out soon.
Yeah, half orders are a great idea! For calorie-conscious folks or those who don't have a big appetite.
Same here. Even if I dedicate most of the day to binge watching, I can only get through a few episodes.
Sharing your experience is always helpful. There's nothing wrong with giving suggestions based on what's worked for you. Just phrase it in a way that makes it clear that you're speaking based on your own experience. Thanks for being so willing to help! It's nice to know that there are supportive people out there.
I saw this there and I was thinking about making it, but now I'm convinced! I have to try this!
Coffee
What toppings do you like to put on it?
Sounds rich and filling! I think I'll try it out!
