Deadeye is a priest ADC with the ability to Revive anyone just like the removed summoner did. Ayy lmao rito
I'm still thinking about who or what Orochimaru did... if he did anything at all... http://imgur.com/IQTVJiR
Alright, new champion has a 3 hit passive that randomly silences, has 100% armor pen, or blinds enemies. Way to go rito
True, but the hair makes no sense. White, sure, but light blue? Orochimaru did mess with Mitsuki's body (because of how he's able to stretch), but I don't think he would be bothered to alter a failed host's or his own genes just to produce that colour. So far, it seems hair color is always a trait from one of the parents since no one from the new generation seems to have any kind of mutations, except possibly for Mitsuki, of course, though IMO very unlikely.
In the 127 seconds it took the snowball to hit, Shen's base regen would have regened the base snowball damage. 100% damage reduction baby.
She's from a movie, can a movie really be considered filler apart from the fact it's mostly never from manga? I mean... Boruto, The Last One...
I like to think that movies are semi-canon; true, but not really relevant. Then again, I was all up for Suigetsu x Orochimaru, but when you look at it, despite Kishi's kind-of meh-ness regarding the future Naruto and Boruto franchise, you have to take in account that every new generation's kid appearance and abilities were considered beforehand, and not really random. That being said, while Mitsuki's hair seems refreshing to the whole series and all, I don't think that's the only reason he was given that appearance. That's why I like to fantasize about questionably canon things to be actually canon. But still, though, Suigetsu x Orochimaru all the way.
https://youtu.be/YgsbF2gW3Eo?t=51s Serbian/Bosnian/Croatian is a lot worse. Like it's literally cringe.
If a rengar is in your vicinity, you hear his ult as well, before the ! appears, especially Headhunter Rengars.
Well, you know, Rengar's range is like 600-800, Nocturne's is like 3.5 - 4.5k I think, and Reksai is global.
Veigar and Heimer are also Kaneki Ken, Shaco and Twitch are Crab guy from One Punch Man, Taric is rumoured to be the gay prisoner hero from One Punch Man.
Heim is voiced by Kaneki Ken's seiyuu, I think lol
I don't think Link ever talks lol
8s silence though
There is w, and lately the japanese have been using most of the syllables, and are slowly abandoning b.
I don't know if you noticed, but Jhin has a huge hunchback, like literally Captain Grievous style, that's why he walks like that.
Well, Fiora is a fighter. Fighters usually have something in their kit to help them win trades.
riot@ritogames.com
Wow, this is actually very plausible
Riot beat you to it. Around a year ago.
The thing is, it's kind of disappointing to have it voiced by a seiyuu with such a small character list, also was hoping for it to be a little bit more ominous and a little less humorous. Honestly, to me it seems like there's way too much accent on "jester" and way too little on "psycho".
Why would you want to nerf Rengar?
I fucking hate Nasus
I think thunderlords is better on both of them
She has very high numbers, a very toxic pseudo-CC, but she is also very sluggish and has no reall CC other than the 2s decaying slow. I've been spamming her as a support recently because people are tilted AF when you get your E off on them, but other than that, I'd say she is balanced. Insanely strong with the right kind of setup, but useless against a disengage comp and/or 3 or more seconds of hard CC. All in all, there are champs who shit on her like Vayne, Poppy, Irelia and Tristana, just because of their abilities to outplay her, stun her for long amounts, and/or get her out of her tentacle area of death, but as long as you never stop walking, no champ should ever get hit by any of her abilities - although you buy Iceborne and that relatively fixes your problem once you get in range.
Split push and roam, pretty much.
These are all fake.
Zed has long hair as far as I know.
I think it'll come sooner. I think Jhin will be on the PBE in a week.
I don't think adding a 2s bind is a QoL change.
Swain shits on Vlad, Fizz shits on Veigar, and I'm pretty sure Trundle is Lee's worst nightmare, being able to block his Q, W and even R kick with his pillar.
xDDD gReat Meme, frend 5/7
Rant how? &gt;So, i've lost 5 games now and i've had one of you in all of those 5 games, you were all feeding on purpose, running into other lanes than you were supposed to be on and calling out our positions to the enemy... All on account of you not getting your desired lane in champion select... Perhaps that. Perhaps you should stop ranting and play the game. Also, it's obvious that you're not plat, I never said you were. Yet anothr gReat meMe frenD
He has no range.
Le epic NaCl
Thunderlords isn't strong, Precision is.
I'm pretty sure Super Galaxy Rumble is already voiced.
Hey bro why are you ranting
It will probably be IP restricted, knowing the Japanese MMO tradition. Also, there is no reason to play on 200 ping.
Well yeah, but I was referring to a guy being on an EU server, wanting to play on Japan lol
Again, I'm not sure about it being/remaining global. Japanese hosts are very sensitive to DDoS and/or foreigners creating trouble. Like servers get restricted just because a recently large number made trouble. Plus the japanese are kinda xenophobic, so even though it's Riot, there's that
I'm pretty sure Zed's teaser included rose petals. Cherry blossoms are usually smaller than that.
:\^) rito ples
meanwhile zoom hacks are illegal... But not if you have a monster rig and a ultra large monitor, nuh-uh.
Samuel L. Jackson with a deeper pitch
When you look back at Kha'Zix, a superjungler in the past, what changed about him? His main source of damage was nerfed, his stealth gave less resistances, and recently, tiamat has been nerfed. His mechanics are exactly the same as they were, only numbers changed. So why not do the same to Rengar? While you can't exactly strip rengar of his W resistances, what you can do is for an example, make his Q AD% scaling scale with trophies, instead of skill levels. What this does is delay his main source of damage, as well as give him some snowball mechanics in a sense he'd need to have 20 trophies to reach his current lvl 5 Q. It isn't much, but you don't want to completely gut a champion. As for his bola strike, give it a larger cooldown. I don't understand why his CC is on a 10s cooldown, only to be 6s at 40% CDR. And finally, as for his stealth, make it so that if he enters 175 range of someone his silhouette or something similar is visible - and by silhouette I mean a faint, ghostly Rengar which can't be targeted. I mean, come on, you'd feel a giant invisible kitty cat pass that close to you, right? That would probably give him more purpose in the sense of isolating a target more like Kha'Zix, I guess. Or, you could maybe welcome another concept of changing his Ultimate. Perhaps if you changed it to "Rengar stealths for 3 seconds and gains the ability to leap to his target. If he enters a bush, he can reset his timer and grant an aditional 3 seconds of Stealth, up to 2 times." And if Rengar has enough stacks, the Stealth time would just change to 4 seconds, originally granting up to 9 seconds of stealth, up to 12 seconds of stealth. While this is mainly a buff time wise, let's think about how hard it would be to pull off a chain ult stack; it would generally appear to be less than 9 or 12 seconds. The key thing to this change would be that Rengar would be hardly able to walk into your base and one-shot your ADC next to your Nexus, but it would not punish him in a sense of him punishing people who are off position in the jungle or between lanes.
Evelynn was pretty strong in the jungle when she received the W nerf, only thing is Runeglaive nerfs fucked her harder, and Nidalee, Elise and Ekko became more viable anyways.
Tits are just a fake ass! http://i.imgur.com/ywZy1kY.png
Completely unrelated to Prison School: no, I would never choose a girl with make up over a girl with no make up. I prefer self-confidence and self-awareness.
:\^)
?
I meant that I am not imitating Kiyoshi in my answer, who would probably answer the same xD
Riot said he wasn't an ADC type of MARKSMAN, and a Rioter kind of reacted when people said it's an assassin marksman.
Nah, knowing GypsyLord, he's going to be broken for a year, then he enter the shit tier, then after 3-4 patches, he'll get a buff totally unrelated to his weaknesses which will make him semi-balanced, but he'll remain a top pick. If CertainlyT is Darth Vader of Rito, Gypsylord is Luke.
Post-rework Ryze had a 42% winrate until pro players learned to play him again to display how broken he is.
Gnar Jarvan was the most broken thing in the LCS for a month or so. Scratch-free laning coupled with bully potential and insane burst for a full tank. Every single one of those champions were broken AF on release, with Gnar being a champion that took a long time to learn, while Jinx and Vi were instantly pick or ban status, Vi longer than Jinx because of her utility, and in general, overloaded reliable kit.
It probably has execution mechanics, maybe it's a lock-on skillshot, kinda like Lucian Q, too.
Jinx was shit tier for a while, before she and Tristana started dominating again. I think this was around 3 months before S4 worlds. She's starting to gain more popularity recently, but Corki/Lucian/Ez/Tristana just destroy her. Ult nerfs hurt her a lot. Vi was shit tier after Ult CD nerfs, still is pretty crap as a jungler now. Gnar became utter crap after Q and Mega form nerfs/bug fixes, starting to rise just a bit, but the meta is currently double AP anyways. Ekko was released BROKEN, then made into a tank jungler, and now he's really meh. He's 2nd tier at best, and is only "good" because of his very recent and overloaded kit.
le epic plat 4 playing in silver 3 mmr normal games with 8 kills xDxD Spaghetti
The tunnel is leaked in a screenshot, though
Midlaner,while not an ADC with reliable CC, seems logical.
We already have Katarina
Consdering both the champions and minions seem to be trapped in it, it indeed seems like it's the same ability
A Rioter also said that by using Jhin's ult, you could bypass a Wind Wall, so at the same time, it makes sense.
Riot already said they regretted making Skarner a juggernaut, though.
Instead of reverting, it would be cool if there were soloq, mutiq and ranked 5s. Soloq is ONLY 1 players, MultiQ is 2-4, Ranked 5s are 5 players.
I'm 90% certain it was a Repertoir, very recently (like last week). They said that they failed to recognise that Skarner wasn't a persisten damage dealer, but more of a tank. They also said that reverting changes in general is not a great way of doing stuff, because it's wasted work. It was also said that they could rework Skarner again, but that there are better champions to work on, i.e - they won't get as much bang for a buck as they would with someone else.
Skarner is neither shit nor broken.
Riot considers that when you make a bad change, it's better to make another one than to revert it. I don't know why you're trying to convice me or anyone else otherwise when my opinion is shared with Riot (common sense), and it's most likely all the others have their unchangeable opinion as well. You should go present your arguments to Riot because this way you're changing absolutely nothing.
They revert changes only on PBE
That was a "hotfix" because pathing is very different from numbers and mechanics and will take a longer time to fix, while being an essential part of the game ALL players go through, much less like a champion, mastery or a summoner. It WILL be back, however. Reverts we're talking about never come back, at least not in the exact same form as they did before (champ might get buffed more or less on the ability, depending on meta/champ state). However, the pathing was intended to be like that, it's just that too many players refused to get used to the new system which was more realistic, so now Riot's going to meet the players half-way.
Usually things in quotes mean that the word isn't by definition the exact term, but a term that is generally used (i.e in this context it was a quick, SOS fix, rather than a lowly tested small fix).
Probably until all the salt either is filtered by his kidneys or absorbed by his digestive system
OK, will do
It is, but IMO 1 shot can be blocked especially by someone like Fiora, Jax, Pantheon, and it's outscaled later by every other AS Crit item. It's good for snowballing, but not for anything else.
Yeah, he gets AD. He cant get AS from anything besides AS per level.
Well Happiness Factor exists only because Jhin profits from Crit and AS more than other champions do. As such, Last Whisper has a Happiness Factor of 0%, since he doesn't have Added Efficiency. I'm fairly sure you wouldn't want to build it in place of other AS/Crit/AD items, only as a last item against an Armor stacking team. I have watched quite a lot of high elo people, too, and they all say that LW items in general are not a good buy unless you're absolutely forced into it.
ER-IE-Runaan, but other than that, yeah. I feel like Runaan is his core AS item just because PD is not that strong currently. If PD gets more buffs or Runaan gets nerfs, PD will be better. For absolute late game, though, you can switch out Runaans for PD, however, I don't think it's worth it for the passive and 5% AS.
Sure, on my way.
I think that it's good if you don't have engage champs, otherwise I don't think it's necessary because of his range on abilities and general lack of mobility.
If you don't rush ER, I think IE Runaan ER/Youmuu would work. You could even rush Youmuu as a first item if you're mid and winning lane hard. Other than that I think ER or IE first is optimal because you can buy Cloak of Agility if you don't have money to finish either and you already have BF Sword; you won't fall behind as much as you would on any other champion.
You don't get BT nor Deaths Dance because you lose out on AD... You are reliant on spells, but you do need Crit and AS for your AD to get huge. IMO Deaths Dance is barely viable on MF as a last item, and BT is maybe viable on Jhin as a last item. The bottom line is you lose much more by not building Crit Chance or AS that it's not worth going for something else, and that goes even as far as to knock Last Whisper items out of the game. I generally think that sustain is not something you're looking for on Jhin, unless it comes with raw power. Maybe the new Warlord's could be good on him, since 25% 1400 is a lot.
This works if you're snowballing. I generally like Runaan more because you're able to do more damage when fighting or clearing. You have 4 shots, so having 8 more in total helps, especially when you have 100% Crit later on. Your build doesn't have 100% crit unless you buy a second AS Crit item as a fifth.
I think you should get both, but I think getting Runaans earlier is better. That's why I generally don't like the idea of RFC or Shiv, because it means scraping one of them. Also, they make up the top 2 AS Crit items stat wise, so it's only natural you'd aim for more power as well.
Honestly, the only reason I would get boots second is because a) Greaves have great cost efficiency either way, and they grant AS equal to RFC b) Lucidity cost 800g and give you 45MS on your measly 325MS As always, builds are flexible and not set in stone, but the numbers speak more than any of my words could, all the efficiencies are there. I'm just worried that Berserkers having only have 1 stat which is completely disregarded on Jhin besides his passive is kind of a letdown stat wise, especially on low amounts of AD.
That's just 1250g you don't have to finish right away, honestly, but yeah, with his mobility it's definitely true. Only thing is, games usually snowball in a way he's either crushed as a free kill, or he just terminates anything that comes in range. Depends on your team, I guess.
Well, you need 2 AS Crit items to reach 100% Crit, everything else is AD and Crit, except 1 item besides boots which doesn't have something that enlarges his AD. I don't think forcing something like a BotRK just to get the 10% AD would be worth given how nerfed it's become this season.
Runaan's doesn't waste his bullets. Instead of 4 shots, he has 4 main ones and 8 secondaries. I haven't tested the 4th shot bonus yet, but I am on my way; though, I am presuming it doesn't apply it on the bolts since every shot deducts his ammo only when the middle on hits - this is however contradicted by the fact that Runaan's bolts apply on-hits, and the bonus damage is an on-hit.
I'm taking Runaan because it's 2nd out of the 4 AS Crit items stat-wise, and because of the bolts. Later on you want to have 100% Crit so you always get the Movement Speed boost and so your Runaan bolts deal around 350 damage each. I would like to avoid RFC and BT because RFC is not top half tier of the AS Crit items and because BT is kind of forced seeing as how you'd need to have some kind of ultimatum to sustain. Based on what I've learned doing this calculation is that you don't want to stray off the Crit/AS items unless you're forced to, so getting things like Death's Dance, BT, Last Whisper items or similar would have to be brought on by a specific situation. IMO Energize items are not that great on him because of the limited AA capabilities.
Youumus grants 40% MS with it's passive, which grants 10% Total AD modifier. You'd need to have 100 AD (so basically, lvl 1 with Youmuus) to have more AD than BT. I think you'd get BT purely for sustain, rather than raw power. And if you wouldn't get Youmuu, Maw seems tempting if you're having trouble with Magic Damage and want Penetration, too. BT would probably be good against poke or skirmish comps, but it's questionable whether the sustain on your slow autos would be enough to keep you alive more than the AD would be enough to kill your enemies.
I agree that his early is AA reliant because of the shit damage his spells do (except for stacked Q or E which takes a lot to activate) and that his late game is more spell focused since he can't get in range as easily (he's glass cannon lol), but I don't agree that you'd get utility AD over Crit AD unless you're forced to. Jhin scales super hard into the late game and I think more than one utility AD item will harm him as he won't have 100% Crit. This is however solved if you sell boots, but that super late game, and it's questionable whether you'll be able to enter that stage of the game a lot. The reason why I don't like Critless AD items is because any Crit AD item is always going to give Jhin more AD than Mercurial, DD or BT.
Not only that, they Crit 100% of the time later on.
Any champion's build has more letters than a tl;dr even without comments on whether it's good or bad.
Runaan's passive minimum highest worth is 1788g, yet it offers more stat-wise. Also, DD is 99,64% gold efficient with Physical Damage-only Spell Vamp and 15% damage taken as bleed. 15% damage take as bleed isn't damage reduction - it's basically damage minus 2 seconds of regen, which ranges from anywhere between 4HP to 30HP (I'm guessing base + health pot). Now what has 15% damage reduction is PD, on one target. DD's passive is nowhere near 1929g, it's base stats aren't even gold efficient, and it's passives are much needed to go above 100% gold efficiency. If we consider that 3/4 of Jhin's abilities are AD, then we could multiply the 412.5g worth of Spell Vamp by 75%, roughly, to gain 309g of SV worth. By granting 4-30HP dmg reduction, is the same as giving 2-15 HP/s, so it's 10 - 75 HP/5, which results in 150 - 1125g at level 18 IF it we're a permanent buff. Since we could say you receive damage around 5% of the time in a game, we'll multiply it by 0.05, getting 8 - 56g at lvl 18, with 30 - 225g at lvl 1. Now it's fairly obvious which is the winner. DD can't compete long term, and Youmuu wins against it any day. If you need sustain, BT is better since your crits do more damage than any of your abilities.
I guess I'll have to test it out and see, it's almost impossible to get Jhin on PBE :\^)
10% AS gives him 2.5% Total AD, 10% Crit gives him 4% Total AD. I think you want to avoid both AS and Crit in your pages. The reason for this is the following - you can't get a lot more than 300-400 AD - this means that at most, from runes you could get either around 7.5% of that from AS, or around 8% from Crit Chance. Those would equal around 23-30 AD. Now, if you get flat 15 AD, your build will automatically give you around 15-17 more, because of the multiplier. In the end, it seems running flat AD gives you more both in the beginning and in the end than AS or Crit Chance. That's why I run the most standard 15 AD, 9 Armor, 12 MR Runepage on him. I don't believe in RNGesus on him, anyways.
IMO Gunblade is just a lamer version of Death's Dance. You're sacrificing too much to get AP which you use on 1 skill. Also, it's fairly expensive. If you need survavability BT&gt;Maw&gt;DD IMO. I wouldn't ever get Shiv because of his lower Crit, therefore, lower efficiency. Ačsp, no point getting over 100% Crit Chance. 100% Crit isn't only because of AA's, it's also because of damage. The 30% Crit you said you could avoid is 12% Total AD, which amounts to roughly 36AD (considering you'd have around 300AD without multipliers lategame), and that's only from the Crit portion of an item, let alone the AS portion. IMO if you want to go AP, I'd go a full AP build, rather than hybrid. Something like Lich Bane, Ludens, Nashors, Rabadon. Too cheesy to go into detail for me, though.
Well, you know, against a 300 Armor Nasus/Malph/Rammus it definitely becomes mandatory xD
It's good for cheesing when ahead, justl ike RFC on Rengar, basically. I think it's not that good against people who are smart. It's powerful as a zone control mean, but then again, what's an RFC auto against a jungler coming to have some fun?
I just checked - Runaan's bolts do not apply the missing damage, only the main one does. All 3 crit, though.
