I guess I didn't make myself clear. As of now, I do believe that homosexuality is sinful according to God's laws. And I believe it is very important that God's people obey God's laws. However, it is not important that I go around telling the people around me how wrong they are. Unfortunately, many people have made it their business to tell gay people how wrong they are by saying very hateful things. That ignorant behavior has become so common that if I simply mention that I believe homosexuality is sinful, I may (almost always) get put in the same box with all those hateful people. In addition to that, my friend does not consider himself one of God's people, so for me to tell him that he's not obeying God's laws would mean nothing to him except that he might think I'm looking down on him. So what I said was not merely an effort to avoid saying how I feel. I honestly said exactly what I think. There are lots of things that matter. My stance on this issue is one of those things that matters, but there are more important things to talk about. I did not downplay it. Prior to this, I had spent about an hour consoling him about his dad (who had said some very hateful things about his sexuality) and ensuring him that I love him even if other people are hateful. &gt; That's why they asked the question, and, as you said, after numerous attempts to avoid the question, you still avoided answering it honestly. Why would you continually make efforts to avoid that question? Are you that insecure about where you stand? I did not make attempts to skirt the question. I made attempts to avoid the conversation (about whether or not homosexuality is sinful), because Christians already say far too much on the subject. But since he asked, I did answer honestly. I told him exactly what I think. And I am very secure about where I stand. I have approached the issue very torn and open-minded, and, after much deliberation and prayer, I conclusively gathered that homosexuality is sinful. But I also concluded that we (Christians) should be focusing on all the positive effects of a relationship with God - not all the things that the people around us are doing wrong. I try to focus on the positive things in life. And I believe that, by doing that, the negative will have no room to grow. That is not asinine.
I was not dishonest. Everything I said is exactly what I think and how I feel. You should know that in response he thanked me for my honesty and open-mindedness. &gt; So your stance is important, just not important enough to talk about when your friend asks? Yes, exactly. My friend wanted to know if I was going to one day reveal that I had secretly hated him for being gay like his dad did. I believe that having a relationship with God and committing oneself to participate in the community of God's people are more important than whether one is gay or not. He asked how I feel. I told him how I feel. Nothing dishonest about that.
What about [Matthew 6:10]? I am a part of the Kingdom of God, but I'm in this world. So how can you say that the Kingdom of God is not of this world? The Isrealite theocracy pleased God at times. In fact, there were periods when they were quite sucessful in doing God's will.
When I read the OT, the pattern that I notice is that when the leadership/government fails to uphold Godly values, the people stray from God's ways. But when the governors are Godly, the people follow God's ways. I would say rules/government have a major effect on people's hearts.
It's not idolatrous to have human leadership. God appointed several judges over Israel. They were given the authority they needed to rule the people as well that the tools (e.g. wisdom, kindness, patience) they needed to avoid abusing their authority.
I believe it's something like this: **Joshua:** Hey, are you on my side or their side? **Angel:** I'm on God's side. And I'm the leader of everyone on God's side. **Joshua:** Oh ok. Well I definitely want to be on God's side. I'll do whatever you say. I've heard lots of sermons where the main point is, "You should be asking God what he wants you to do - not telling God what you want him to do," and they try to come up with so many examples and analogies. I always wonder why they don't just use this story. It's directly applicable to daily life.
&gt; There's a difference between living in the world and trying to create a worldly government of the organized Christian religion, with, presumably, the enforcement of religious laws and morals on all citizens, even non-Christians. But the kingdom of God only enforced its values on the people of God, including non-Isrealites who had joined the community. But everyone else was considered an outsider and treated as such. Godly practices were not expected of outsiders. &gt; The Israelite theocracy failed, time and again. But every time the Israelites ran into trouble, it was becasue they had strayed from the system that God set up. The system worked as long as the people followed it. The theocracy was a major success as long as it was followed.
I think everyone could benefit from the Christian model of a good community. Admittedly, there are many churches that don't set a very good example. But I'm talking about the ones that do it right. Growing up in the church has been beneficial to me in countless ways, but one really big one has been realizing the power of a community in which people love and support one another despite their vastly different backgrounds, circumstances, and perspectives. It's incredible to see how a group of people, who would otherwise probably never be in the same room together, can be drawn together by their common understanding that happiness comes from serving others and their common goal of pursuing that which they believe to be good and pure. Moreover, the church community is made up of broad cross section of society, so it contains all kinds of skills and disciplines. Because of this, the community is capable of achieving great things, even with few resources, and while maintaining a humble attitude. Of course all of that I've described is not unique to Christians. This is how the ancient Israelite community was designed to function long before Jesus Christ. What Jesus brought was a reminder that this community was not meant to be exclusive. He taught that the community of God's people (referred to in the Bible as "the kingdom of heaven" or "the kingdom of God") should have an open-door policy for anyone who wanted to be a part of it (by both contributing and benefiting). I think the only thing that could be better than such a unified community is allowing others to join it. It makes me so sad that there are entire churches that don't understand this; they're missing the point completely. Then outsiders wonder why anyone would want to be a part of that. I wish everyone could experience it the way I have.
No. It's not critical to understand everything about the nature of God. For instance, we could debate for a very long time about the shape and color of God. One could argue that those attributes are part of God's nature and therefore we should know them and believe in them. But most people don't waste their time with such trivial topics, because in the end it makes no difference what color or shape God is. So simply saying that something is part of God's nature does not give it some inherent importance. Similarly, I'm asking what makes the Trinitarian understanding of God important? What difference does it make?
Of course you have to know **something** about them. You have to know many things about them. But there are also many things that you don't need to know. There are lots of trivial attributes of my nature (like the way some of the freckles on my arm almost form a straight line) that my wife does not need to know in order for us to maintain a good relationship. So what makes the Trinitarian understanding of God one of the important things and not one of the trivial things?
Which part of the gospel requires that Jesus is God?
"If only you would be altogether silent! For you, that would be wisdom." -God to Job (Job 13:5)
God's people were well-acquainted with God's forgiveness long before Jesus' death (Nehemiah 9:17, Matthew 6:12). And regardless of Jesus divinity, he lived a perfect life and died a sinner's death, which is a sufficient sacrifice. So it seems like the gospel is still good news even if Jesus wasn't God.
You said that the part of the gospel that requires Jesus' divinity is God's self-sacrifice. I was pointing out that God is loving and forgiving even if Jesus wasn't God - even if God didn't sacrifice himself.
Those are marvelous things if they are true. But even if they aren't isn't he amazing and loving?
If you read the post, you'll see that that is exactly the reason that climate change should be a priority. Rich people are least susceptible to the effects of climate change. But the poor and marginalized are the ones dying from it (in droves). It would be hypocritical for Christians to pretend they care for others by "spreading the gospel and witnessing to others," while simultaneously hurting the same people.
We know that natural disasters are caused (at least in part) by factors that are within our control. For example, the Dust Bowl of the 1930s was a series of three "natural disasters" (drought and dust storms) that were caused by [farmers failing to use dryland farming methods](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dust_Bowl). The solution was to educate farmers on the proper way to farm on the great plains, and we haven't had a dust bowl since. The current climate change problem is the same thing but in a larger geographic area and over a longer time scale.
Yeah, but I couldn't come up with a wording that I liked. I figured people would know what I mean.
I would love to know why. Which of the points do you disagree with?
They differ in that one is physical and the other is metaphysical. If you're willing to accept that difference and compare them accordingly, then I think it's fair to say that the two are similar. If you doubt the metaphysical altogether, then this conversation would have to be very long.
If man is causing the problem, then what makes you think it's too big for man to fix? As pointed out in the post, man was made the steward of the world and its inhabitants. &gt; Before the earth goes beyond the tipping point and life on earth is threatened As mentioned in the post, many thousands have already died and are dying still. &gt; Instead of getting involved in the world Of all the wisdom in scripture, none advocates for complacency. We are obligated to help the less fortunate, even when we played no role in their affliction. How much more when we are the source of their suffering!
I see. To an extent, I agree with you. I was careful not to say that climate change should be anyone's **highest** priority. For example, stopping violent crime is something that requires a direct as well as indirect approach, and the direct approach may not always be resource-efficient. Same with caring for those in desperate need. However, as the post points out, almost all of the actions that we can take to help the planet don't require the expenditure of resources. In fact, most of them will actually reduce expenses, which will free up resources for helping people more directly. I can't think of a situation in which the church's efforts to help people would prevent it from also helping the planet.
That's kinda the point of the original post. It first lays out the evidence. Then it explains the conclusions that are drawn from the evidence.
That sounds like a lot of excuses to not try. I don't know the effects of everyone changing their habits for the better, though it's hard for me to imagine any realistic negative consequences. However, I have examined my own life and noted every possible way for me to reduce my own carbon footprint, and I have begun to do so. And I expect others to do the same.
What do you take that verse to mean and how is it relevant?
By what definition of religion? I do not worship it and it does not take away from my worship of God. In fact, I take care of the planet as an act of service to God.
I hope that if/when we implement some semblance of a solution to climate change, we will return to solve the root problem, which is this kind of thinking.
I think Jesus attempted to address this in the parable where a man leaves his servants in charge. He expects that when he returns he will find that his servants are working and have been working in his absence. The servants shouldn't just sit around waiting for the master.
This is a really good question and I'm disappointed that it to so long for someone to ask it. When any person suggests that others should change their actions, that person should be asked to give an account of his/her own actions. Fewer people would tell others what to do if they knew they would be held to the same standard. My wife and were typical suburban American consumers. I am proud to say that when we realized we were part of the problem, we radically redesigned our lifestyle and left consumerism behind. The only way I could share this post was knowing that I'm not asking anyone to do anything that I haven't done myself.
But I'm not the left. So are my concerns legitimate or do you think I also have an agenda? What is the the left's agenda? Getting all the scientists in the world to accept climate change and make up evidence to support it seems like a huge gamble and an ineffective way to push an agenda.
You're right that the problem requires cooperation, but the first step is making personal changes. This is true for anyone trying to get someone else to take some action. You must first be an example. Then people are more likely to cooperate.
My detailed assessment in the original post does not use any politically motivated sources. The information is peer-reviewed and factual - not opinions. I have done my best to fairly examine both political perspectives and it seems that both sides potentially have something to gain. Yes, some people use this issue purely for political gain, just like some people abuse their positions in church for selfish gain. You must look past that and assess the truth of the matter despite the human selfishness surrounding it.
There are three reasons. 1. I don't think MLK Jr. was wicked or deceptive. At worst, he was undecided. 2. Of the reasons that Jesus gave to despair or be angry, hell wasn't one. Jesus directed his followers' attention toward their neighbor's wellbeing in this life - not their own wellbeing in the afterlife. 3. If anyone is in hell, it's not because someone else caused them to go there. It's no one's fault but their own.
For the sake of promoting discussion: 1. Isn't that what deacons are for? If not deacons, then close friends? 2. You could say the same for musicians, but churches often have plenty of them, or they go out of their way to find them. Obviously, some churches would have trouble implementing this immediately, but if the church promoted learning useful skills in the same way as music, then I don't see why they would have trouble finding skilled labor among the congregation. 3. It would probably help to have an organizer. But if that organizer delegates to responsible people, he/she shouldn't have to commit much time to managing them. Even if it did take a lot of time, it doesn't have to be the same person all the time does it? 4. Why? 5. Often times the church/staff is honest with its funds and there's no reason to doubt them. However, part of being equally yoked and bearing one another's burdens means I pick up the slack when my neighbor falls short, even if it's my neighbor's fault. Even if it's the fault of the doubter, I'm suggesting that the church could help by using donations to feed and clothe those in desperate need rather than pocket some of it. 6. Are you suggesting that it would be a lower quality ministry if responsibilities were shared or if it required less time?
Thank you. I understand that you're interpreting this verse to mean money instead of honor, but why do you think that? In an honor-shame society, it's reasonable to think that honor here actually means honor.
But isn't everyone in the church expected to serve? Why not pay everyone?
That's a good distinction to make, but in your analogy, the flock is made of people who are also expected to serve, so shouldn't they all be paid?
I wasn't trying to generalize. I understood your explanation to be this: *The pastor works by serving the church, so he should be paid.* Did I misunderstand? I'm wondering why that can't apply to everyone who serves? Or, why can't his work be distributed so that anyone could do it in their free time, thus freeing the money up to help people in more desperate circumstances?
At my current church, God does (not being facetious) and it seems to work pretty well.
It seems that you have missed the point of the post. I know that some people have chosen to serve the church in lieu of secular work, and they expect to be paid. What I'm saying is that that draws a lot of unnecessary negative attention, and it seems like we could avoid that if we would just divide the work load of service so **everybody** in the church (including leadership) is free to earn their own money instead of taking their income from the donations.
What is the benefit? In what case would it be preferable to have one person do the work of the whole church (and pay him) instead of having the whole church do the work (and use the money to help the needy)?
&gt; should have the same salary regardless Yes, but that salary is usually funded by the donations of the church as I said. &gt; if you expect to have a full time pastor As I said in the original post, couldn't the workload be divided so that you don't need a full time pastor?
I understand that in some parts of the world, most people lack the education or time to sufficiently teach or help with leading. In that case, maybe they can delegate one person to get the education and commit the time while everyone else pays to put food on his table. The early church leaders would be an example of that extreme situation. However, as you mentioned, that's not ideal. And if it's not ideal, then we should avoid it if possible, right? In most of the developed world today, it seems perfectly possible. In the US for instance, most people are educated and have some amount of free time. So why not have everyone pitch in to do the work instead of paying one person to do it?
I gave two possible ways in the original post: 1. Distribute the workload so that nobody has to serve full time. That would allow everyone a chance to earn their own income. 2. People could work hard and spend their money wisely to build up their savings before going into ministry so that they could afford to work for free. Also, attending seminary is not the only way to get an education or to effectively lead a congregation. Also, people do not have to take on debt to go to seminary.
&gt; If they are doing work then they deserve to be paid. ...unless you're a layperson? As a layperson, I am expected to serve my community while earning my own income, and I am not paid for it. So why pay some people and not others? Is there something fundamentally different between the work that I do and the work that my pastor or music leader does? &gt; That's unrealistic There are a lot of people over at /r/financialindependence who would disagree. My wife and I are on schedule to reach financial independence by age 32 on meager salaries. It's really not that hard if you loosen your hold on material pleasure. &gt; How many people do you know I currently know six people who have achieved financial independence before going into ministry so that they could serve without pay.
The things you mentioned seem like reasonable expenses. Of course every necessary expense for the church to fulfill its role is justified. By "pocket" I meant the portion that goes directly to an individual for some service that is optional (or could be shared by several people so as not to require compensation).
Because the roll of a full time pastor is not explained in scripture, the term "full time pastor" has no concrete meaning to me. As I've seen it practiced, it usually means a person who leads the church (at least in Baptist churches where they don't have elders). They prepare at least one sermon per week and maybe a bible study. They are on call day and night to counsel members of the congregation. They manage many of the administrative tasks of the building (if the church has a building). They serve the community. They organize church meetings outside of the Sunday gathering. They are also usually expected to have a seminary background, even though that's not the only way to gain an education and that is not required by scripture. Meanwhile, many unpaid members of the congregation work full time jobs in addition to serving the community, leading parts of the congregation, and studying scripture/doctrine/theology. Meanwhile, many other members of the church spend their evenings eating at restaurants, watching television, and doing other unproductive things. My point is that many of the laity are doing much of the pastor's work for free and many more of the laity are available to do the same. &gt; You seemed to imply that more funds leads to a higher salary. I was not implying that. I was simply saying that the pastor is dependent on a constant stream of donations to keep food on his table.
No. I just gave that as one example of the potential drawbacks of having paid staff. There are potentially many others, and I'm not sure I could name the primary one. What prompted this post are a few realizations that I've had over the last couple of years: 1. Reaching financial independence at a young age is quite feasible for anyone in a developed country. 2. The modern proliferation of information means that many more people can gain a religious education by personal study and mentorship outside of seminary. 3. Many of the laity do less work for the kingdom because they believe that by funding the church, they have done their job. 4. Many nonbelievers would love to be part of a loving, serving community but they aren't open to the church because of money (either rumors or past experiences or suspicion or realistic concerns). 5. I have had the opportunity to participate in a church that has no paid pastors or staff and there has been a long list of tremendous benefits. 6. Some paid pastors live in bigger houses than I can afford. 7. Some paid pastors have really bad personal finance skills.
&gt; If your pastor has no training...sounds like a shifty pastor. You seem to be assuming that the only way to be a good counselor or leader or to have sound theological understanding is through formal training. A godly community should naturally produce many good leaders and wise, learned counselors. I think that's the point of, "Impress them on your children. Talk about them when sit at home and when you walk along the road..." It's nice that your Rabbi does all of those things and I'm not saying he shouldn't. My question is, how do you justify paying him to do those things? Is there no possible alternative? Perhaps: - eliminating the tasks that are not necessary? - delegating the tasks to those with free time even if that means training and ordaining more people? - scheduling a time for questions instead of allowing for the luxury of spontaneity? - have the laity spend less time studying and more time serving the community, thus requiring less preparation time? These are just some ideas. They are not exhaustive and they may not be feasible right now. I'm just trying to propose another (possibly better) way for the future. &gt; You do not appreciate the time it takes to be a proper community leader I am a proper community leader, and I am not paid for it. I also work a full-time secular job. I hear the excuse that it takes too much time, and would like to know what exactly requires a single person to commit so much time and energy that he/she cannot possibly work for money like everyone else.
My wife and I joined last year, but I believe the church has been operating for about eight years. We meet in a very small venue, so when the group grows larger than about 40 people, we have to split into separate meetings, so I'm not sure how many people there are total, but I know they have had to split several times. The group I meet with currently has about 16 people. Being so small, it's a very familial community. &gt; If you don't have someone calling the shots What shots? It's organized so that there is never an opportunity for someone to make a unilateral decision. We pray and study together to collectively decide what actions we should take as a community and we take turns volunteering to organize activities as we are available. &gt; you will soon What makes you so sure? Is it really that hard to believe that a group of mature, faithful people is not dependent on a single paid leader in order to follow God's will?
When your goals are clearly defined, it's usually pretty easy to determine what expenses are necessary to fulfill them. I agree that that will vary as the needs of each community are different. I also agree that it is not bad (it's great) if someone is able to commit all of their time to serving. In fact, that's my goal when I retire in a few years. The question here is how you justify paying a person who **chose** not to earn money in the usual way when that money could be used to help the needy instead.
&gt; It's not impossible That's the theme, that I'm seeing throughout this thread. It's not impossible to have unpaid staff - it's just harder. I agree that the usual responsibilities of the pastor are things that must be done. But scripture does not require or even recommend that those jobs be done by just one person or a small group of people. In the early church, very few people had the information they needed to fill those roles, so yeah their burden was heavier than their congregations'. If people are getting lost in the community, there must be a better solution than taking money that could be used to feed/clothe the needy to hire a "shepherd." Perhaps splitting into smaller groups? &gt; one of them is to support those teaching the word Again, it was practical necessity for the early church. That's simply not the case now. Now it's optional. I don't see how those other topics relate to this one. As for asking my pastor, I currently attend a church with no paid staff, so the answer from there is, "It's unnecessary and an unwise use of resources."
Save your money before spending it. That's the secret formula for avoiding all debt.
The difference between this situation and that one is spending one's own money versus spending someone else's donated money. I don't treat all money with that same high regard - just donated money. People give their money to the church expecting the church to spend it responsibly. The church therefore has an obligation to not only spend it responsibly, but to spend it as responsibly as they possibly can. I guess I do have a fairly low regard for the expectation to be paid for something that almost everyone else does for free. I understand that it would be an added challenge for pastors to earn their money outside the church, but perhaps leading is supposed to be more difficult than following. Or perhaps the leaders should be able to rely on help from their followers.
I have already made the case that it's different today than it was then. It comes down to the economy, and the economies in developed countries today are extremely different from the economy of Judea in the first century. &gt; why not a more democratic structure That is one solution that I proposed - if we pay one person because he/she is loaded with responsibilities, then couldn't we distribute those responsibilities and eliminate his/her need for compensation? The other solution I proposed would be to keep the same structure and simply not pay the staff. This would cause a subsequent shift where only those who work hardest, spend their money most wisely, save most responsibly, and want to lead for leadership's sake alone (rather than income) would be put in a position of leadership. I would say that the first solution lowers the bar for leadership, while the second solution raises it. A third solution might be a combination of the second solution with a slight alteration of the structure so that staff serve only temporarily so that they don't have to achieve full financial independence. They could go back to work after serving full time. And these are just my ideas, I'm sure that as situations vary, people could be more creative than me in coming up with alternatives to paying clergy. &gt; would be difficult to replicate without dedicated people I understand that it is always difficult to transition to a new way of doing things, but it's not impossible. And the fact that something is difficult shouldn't even make us hesitate. &gt; that's where the elder role is important Perhaps, but some might say that's where the diversity of the congregation is important. I've been counseled by elders, and that's good, but I've also been counseled by church members who have been though similar trials and that is just as good if not better. The poor stewardship of money is, again just one example that I gave of the potential drawbacks of paying clergy. Another potential drawback is highlighted in your example. If I pay someone to fix my plumbing, the assumption is that they do it so that I don't have to. But paying a pastor is not the same because, even though I pay my tithe to support him, I am still obligated to serve. Many church members believe that by giving donations their job is done. Jesus's teachings did not allow for anyone to hire out the work of the church. The obligation rests on each member.
I meant that (except in special circumstances such as disability) one could work to earn money until one has saved up enough to go to school without taking on debt. The same applies to paying for cars or anything else.
Which principles? That church leadership should be paid? Or that earning money from secular work is the high road?
The role of an elder is not defined in scripture, though Paul does say that elders should be righteous. Pastors aren't mentioned at all. So I don't think pastors or elders have absolute roles. I could tell you the ways I've seen those roles practiced, but I don't think that's what you're asking. I think a church body should be structured like a mustard bush. Each part has its own job. While some jobs are more central (you might call them elders) and some are out-reaching, they are all critical to the function of the bush, which is to create more bushes before it's season is finished. The parts are not supported by or organized around a solid trunk, nor do they support a trunk. Rather, all parts are tightly interwoven, supporting each other. It should not be monolithic and powerful so as not to promote corruption as there would be nothing to gain. And it should not outlive its usefulness. Mustard plants are annuals. That is, once they've accomplished their purpose, they die. Churches should be purpose-built to establish and promote the next generation of Christ followers, and when they have done their job, they should be allowed to dissolve, or at least transform into the next thing. When you have full-time ministers who are dependent on a constant stream of donations to keep food on their plates, they can be easily distracted from the church's mission, forcing it to overstay its usefulness.
I have to say I definitely did not expect someone to say that here. I'm impressed that you not only believe that, but that you are acting on it. I too hope to plant a church in the next 5-10 years with the same principles. I believe that a lot of disaffected Christians and nonbelievers will find the structure you described refreshing and welcome.
Yes, that is a valid alternative. But you asked me how to avoid debt so I told you. Also, by taking on debt, you have some major disadvantages: - It costs you a lot more money in the long run because of interest and fees. - You're debt/income ratio is higher, which means any other loans will require a higher down payment or higher interest rate, again costing you more money in the long run. Or you might not even qualify. - You risk not getting a job after graduation in which case you can't pay off the loan, so you hurt your credit and the interest grows. Again, costing you more money in the long run. Or you have to get a secular job, just like I suggested except this way you accumulate interest. - You are dependent on a constant stream of income which could put you in a tight spot if God's calling turns out not to be very profitable (e.g. homeless ministry). - You will require a higher salary from the church than you would otherwise. That is, you will be a greater burden on the church than you would be if you had just saved up your money. - Because your income will be provided by the church, all of these added costs will ultimately be paid by whatever church you end up serving. Though at that point, it seems like they're serving you. All of this perpetuates the need to pay the church staff, a problem that I pointed out in the original post. &gt; like everyone else Yes, many people do this with school, cars, houses, boats, RVs, etc. It's popular, but it's not smart. And it's not right to pass on the added costs to faithful donors.
I think this is pretty well demonstrated by people calling their dogs their children, as if the only difference is the fur. Your human child is not just a pet for your pleasure. He/she is a person.
I would love to meet my great-great-great-grandchild. I love learning about my family history, but it would be so much cooler to know my family's future.
No, a hypocrite is someone who conceals his/her wrongdoing - a subtle but important distinction for this discussion. Nonetheless, I agree that Christians should not be hypocritical. The Bible teaches that Christians are called to repent from sin and become a holy (set apart in purity) and perfect (meaning fully grown, not flawless) people. For Christians to tell the world that we are no different from the world would be contrary to the church's purpose. If we cannot offer a community that is freedom from hatred, greed and all the other worldly things, then what are we inviting people into?
I came here to say exactly this. Life after death is uncompelling and largely speculative. Generally, a witness' job is not to speculate, but to speak to what they know of the past and the present.
You're exactly right. Jesus taught a lot of very valuable lessons, but "don't go to hell" was neither the moral of any of the lessons nor the theme of his ministry. If we're to follow Christ's example, hell (whatever it may be) is not for us to worry about.
This is the only comment here that's actually based on scripture. In the Bible, Heaven is the dwelling place of God and angels, and certain very special people are said to have gone there. The belief that Jesus allows us to go there is a later formulation. It's not clear which (if any) references to hell are meant to be taken literally. There does seem to be some indication of later judgement based on each person's deeds, but it's not clear what the outcome will be.
Is that different from God assigning man to the stewardship of creation in Genesis? Or giving a human king the authority to rule his people?
Nonviolent resistance was certainly the goal for MLK. I don't think he meant to imply that nonviolence will always inevitably escalate. Rather, in this particular instance, King knew that nonviolent resistance on this scale was new, and that it was important that it was successful so as to promote nonviolence in the future. Simultaneously, Malcolm X was leading a parallel movement that embraced violence. King knew that if one movement failed, people would join the other.
Perhaps he was granted the authority to forgive sins, (or at least communicate God's forgiveness of sins) by the Father in the same way that the various judges (after Joshua and before Saul) were sent to pass judgement. A similar question for you to answer (if you believe this) might be: How can Jesus rightly take the punishment for sin? He is not the offender.
&gt; spiritual death Spiritual death is not a concept found in scripture. &gt; if you break one single law, you face...physical death This is also not found in scripture. I understand using related passages to inform one another, but you've combined two unrelated verses (Romans 6:23 and James 2:10) to create a new idea that wasn't intended by either author. &gt; you can't please God This contradicts all the times when God gave his people instructions on how to please him and then clearly instructed them to do it. We have no reason to believe he was kidding or misleading his people. In Deuteronomy 30, Moses makes it clear that obedience was not impossible or out of reach. The belief that nobody can do anything good usually comes from Romans 3:23 or Psalms 14:3 or 53:3. However, neither author was speaking about all people at all times. David was lamenting the failure of his generation. Paul was pointing out that allegiance to a particular group is insufficient to earn God's favor, as both Jews (collectively) and Gentiles (collectively) had earned bad reputations. &gt; he gave his life for us, therefore paying the fine A fine would be one thing, but taking on a guilty person's death penalty would not be considered just by anyone. That's not how sacrifices worked in the Old Testament and that's not how Christ's sacrifice works. &gt; accept him as Lord OP asked a question about Christian jargon, but you've used Christian jargon throughout your explanation. Moreover, your explanation fails under basic scrutiny. I know you mean well and I'm sure OP appreciates your time, but giving a cryptic and shaky explanation does more harm than good. It suggests that either: 1. This is the best answer available and Christianity has nothing more reliable/compelling to offer, which is not true. 2. You don't know/care enough to give a more detailed explanation in laymen's terms. I'll give you the benefit of the doubt and assume this isn't true, but I feel the need to point these things out so you know how it might come across and so that OP doesn't buy into gospel that doesn't align with scripture.
&gt; ~~the~~ a certain church
Trump has promised to neglect the issue of climate change by either ignoring it or making it secondary to economic growth. Our neglect of this issue in the past is causing 150,000 deaths per year now. Our neglect now will cause that number to rise inevitably for future generations (who are also currently unborn/innocent). My mom asked the same question, so I wrote [this](https://believingontheedge.wordpress.com/2016/12/15/climate-change-cause-for-concern/) to explain it (links to sources included).
I build furniture and sell it online. I got started three years ago. I probably put about 6 hours per week into it and I expect to make $10k profit this year. So it comes out to about $30/hour.
I would love too. My story is the same. My dad and grandpa taught me how to build very rough things (framing the house, installing cabinets, etc.), but when I got married, we didn't have any furniture, so I decided to build some. I started with the coffee table. It turned out okay, so I built all of our other furniture and a lot of our picture frames and decorations. We lived in an apartment at the time and I did all my work on the 6'x8' porch using only hand tools. My wife has a good eye for interior decorating, so she designs everything. I just build it. People said I should sell the furniture, so I put an ad on Craigslist and I got a couple calls for odd jobs. Then a local coffee shop called me and wanted me to build all of their furniture, which wasn't a lot (a couple book shelves and display items), but when I was done I had made enough money to buy a few better tools and rent a small storage facility to work out of. I took some pictures and opened an Etsy shop, and quit doing local odd jobs. That was almost a disaster. Shipping large items is **VERY** difficult. By the time my customers got their stuff, it was trashed. So I had to redesign my furniture to optimize for shipping and assembly and come up with a crate system for packing. I put just as much time into packing as I did in building the furniture. The results were much better. I've found a niche in the affordable handmade furniture market. The high-end market is saturated and the low-end, flat pack market is dominated by Ikea, but I offer handmade, solid wood furniture that's affordable and delivered to the customer's door.
I have an Etsy shop: www.etsy.com/shop/handtiquefurniture I flat-pack the furniture and the customer assembles it with a few screws. I started on Craigslist, but go away from that as soon as I could because customers are way pickier in person. I'm the same way. If it were up to me I would have one table, one chair, and a bed, but apparently (according to my wife) our guests need places to sit.
I sell on [Etsy](www.etsy.com/shop/handtiquefurniture). There's nothing on the site right now because I recently moved across the country and I'm rebuilding my inventory. It's not very pricey. The most popular item is a dining table for about $300-$400 plus $100 shipping.
Yes, some (most?) things just happen. Naturally, the next question (and perhaps what OP was getting at) is: Why doesn't God do something to help that person? I would say that if humanity would love as God has instructed, then the diseased person would get all the help he/she needs. In that way, God has helped the person, and we have only ourselves to blame if we fail to love.
Each person (diseased or not) suffers a unique level of pain and has a unique chance of a fulfilling life and has a unique lifespan. Love is sufficient to improve all of these factors. For example, medical development and treatment are extremely restricted because funds are allotted for less loving purposes or purposes that are needed in response to sin. Imagine how much we could help people if we (as a species) didn't need to spend so much money on war.
I fail to see how that's politicizing. Seems more like trying to stop others politicizing.
So instead of discussing the current topic at hand, you decided to discuss your assumptions about one Internet stranger's past political views? Sounds like the usual approach when someone is unable to put together a reasonable defense of one's own position.
You need to be familiar with all of the Old Testament before you can make sense of the New Testament.
The goal of that comment is to show that Islam is not unique in its violent scriptures. If someone is trying to criticize Islam specifically, but supports the criticism with something that is true of all Abrahamic religions, then that person shows that he/she is intentionally limiting the scope of his/her argument for apparently no reason. When you criticize a select group for something that is common beyond that group, you must justify the inclusion of some people but the exclusion of others. Otherwise you are just targeting a group without warrant, which is prejudice, which is wrong.
&gt; it would be foolish for us to buy into what the global elites are telling us. That's true for anything. Fortunately, we can just tune out the "elites" and look at the data collected by the global scientific community. And that data tells us all we need to know - the earth's climate is changing, that change is caused by humans, and our living conditions will be severely affected in the near future if we fail to act.
&gt; enough to make sense of the NT. It's certainly enough for one to read and think one understands. But that understanding will inevitably be flawed without a solid understanding of the Old Testament.
I agree that many so-called liberals react (and overreact) emotionally and illogically in response to any criticism of any minority group. And I believe that is an excellent example of political correctness taken too far. However, in this case I believe their are solid reasons for guarding one's speech. As an analogy: If I were in a discussion about black Americans, and I was trying to explain that black people have a theft problem, I could support this claim by showing that some percentage of black people steal things. Even in context, that would seem judgemental. The vast majority of black Americans are not thieves, and the fact that a small percentage are thieves is true of all Americans. It's not a problem specifically among black Americans unless I provide some supporting evidence to suggest that this it is. Without such evidence, it's irrelevant and potentially offensive in a discussion about black Americans specifically. It would be an even bigger problem if I made such a claim **out of** context, which is what I hear more often then not, regarding violence in Islam. This thread started with: &gt;How about we start admitting that Islam has violent foundations throughout the Quran. The more general truth is that Abrahamic religions have violent tendencies throughout their scriptures. The commenter chose to narrow this truth to focus on only one group, but there was no apparent reason to do that. In the absence of a more apparent reason, it appears that the commenter has an agenda against Islam. In this case, political correctness would serve a valuable purpose by showing **why** the commenter narrowed the scope of the comment.
&gt; and God added much more meat to it When did that happen? The Jewish cleansing by immersion was a ritual originally given by Moses from God and was not to be taken lightly, nor was it merely symbolic. I don't think Christianity added anything to it. If anything Christianity has detracted from it by making it a one-time event and stripping away the meaning of ritual washing.
Exactly. Just like a parent's authority over a child, when a parent gives instructions, that should be enough for a child to follow. But that child will never grow and mature unless he/she knows why the instructions were given. And a good parent should explain that whenever possible.
I don't look at any woman in public for more than a couple seconds, even if it's just to read her T shirt or if I'm just looking in her general direction. I've grown out of gawking over hot chicks, but I won't risk my wife or anyone else thinking I'm checking out another woman.
Cancerous cells are just unwanted, living human material.
Now we're getting somewhere. A clump is cells is a baby when it has a nervous system, a heart, and/or a brain.
There are never too many variables. As long as we know what the variables are, we can put an upper and lower bound on each parameter and calculate an estimated range of solutions. Alternatively, we can use an average or reasonable estimate of each parameter and calculate an estimated solution that way.
Shut up
These conversations always seem to come back to this premise: No one is flawless. But why does that matter? AFAIK, according to scripture, flawlessness is not required by God. Moreover, flawlessness is insufficient to join God in his dwelling place. It's neither necessary nor sufficient for salvation, so why does the issue of having flaws always get brought up? (I am intentionally using the word flawless and avoiding the word "perfect" because it is ambiguous in both Greek and English.)
But in the Qur'an, belief is not just the acceptance of a set of propositions. It's a matter of living one's life in accordance with God's values. I would argue that Bible teaches the same thing (or at least most of it), but most Christians don't see it that way.
You should know that not all Christians accept that Jesus was God. As orthodox Christianity developed from Unitarian to Binitarian to Trinitarian, not everyone went along with the change. And even today there are a lot of Christians who hold various levels of Christology.
"Through me" is a rather ambiguous phrase that could be interpreted to mean "by doing the things I do."
&gt; is pretty significant in **some** Christian theology There is a multitude of differing ideas within Christianity. To talk about it as if it's one unified concept just ends any meaningful conversation. (Also, just for your information, this is a matter of soteriology, not theology.)
Those all seem equally as ambiguous. If you want to support your point with scripture, it would be more convincing if you provided some commentary of your own. Cherry picking verses doesn't really contribute anything to the conversation.
The ambiguity comes from the phrase "in him." Just as with "through me" in your previous example, "in him" could be interpreted to mean that salvation is found in following his ways (i.e. doing what he does). There are two reasons I believe this interpretation to be the more likely one. - Jesus's followers are called disciples, and they called him master. In a typical master-disciple relationship, the disciple's goal is to follow the master's ways/path by doing as the master would do (think ninja turtles and master splinter). Disciples' behavior was held to the same standard as the master because they acted in the master's name - the same verbiage used in Acts. - The author of Acts does not seem to redefine "salvation," so we are left to believe that he was using the Israelite understanding of the word - not admittance into heaven, but being brought into right standing with God on Earth. The theme of Acts is that the message of Jesus (that all who act according to God's values are welcome at the assembly of God's people) is being carried to the whole world. When he writes that salvation is in Jesus, he means that salvation for the Gentiles is found in Jesus' message.
Perhaps that is the case for most large-scale branches of organized Christianity. But a large portion of Christian and Biblical scholars do not see salvation that way. Not to mention the thousands of house churches that are not tied to a mainstream branch of large-scale, organized Christianity, and have very widely varying views of salvation. Not all Christians believe that Jesus "died for our sins." And not all Christians who do believe that agree on what that means.
