When you guys fire Crean, can you start an Indiana-Mizzou pipeline with Thomas Bryant? Thanks in advance.
The misuse of quotation marks in pointing out their spelling error doesn't reflect well on you.
Or just look at her eyes.
Compliance doesn't sell tickets.
In addition to that, even if you could "fix" them with counseling, they still have to live in the world with a body and mind that don't match, which means they'll always be some kind of an outcast. A trans woman with male anatomy trying to get fitted for new lingerie? Awkward. A trans man having to sit to pee? Also weird. Those small, daily reminders that you don't quite fit in basically ensure therapy will be a lifelong necessity for a lot of people. Yeah, they can love the body they have, but they can't make everyone else accept it and can't change that the world isn't designed for them. Surgery eliminates that.
Darrell Arthur says hi.
Aww, shucks. Roy didn't do anything that wasn't in the best interest for those kids. *sniff*
He knew exactly as much as he wanted to know.
There's a moment when you can see the treat up his sleeve. If the magic was lost, it was due to shitty magicians.
Am I the only one who thought LeBron's foot was on the line on his three to tie it at 96? I never saw a replay, but I would've loved to.
Really can't apply that to Marlo. He's more ambitious than that. More big picture. No, he's not a true suit-wearing businessman, but he lacks Avon's parochial view of his corners. He's more of a tyrannical amalgamation of the various pieces on the chess board, park Avon, part String and a dash of Prop Joe. Even part Greek.
Not that I'm disagreeing with your overall point, but why would you expect the LA Times to respond to a random person calling in about this?
Ordering a drink on a plane is not public speaking. Being nervous when talking to a large group of people is normal. Being nervous when engaging in a few seconds of one-on-one social interaction is not.
Or answering with "no, I played fine."
This is why LeBron will never match Jordan IMO.
I grew up in Missouri, so nothing resembling a local team to root for. I was a Sonics fan starting in the mid-’90s because I had an uncle who lived there and I thought he was cool. And Payton/Kemp were badasses. I was also a Magic fan because of Shaq/Penny. Around 2000, after those two duos split, I started following the Lakers (Shaq/Kobe; I have a soft spot for big dudes who try to kill the rim, especially when they play alongside a dynamic guard), but I still rooted for Seattle first (not that I had much access to their games in Missouri at the time). I did not follow the Sonics to OKC. Fuck the Thunder. I'm eagerly waiting the return of the NBA to Seattle. I'd hate to steal a team from another city…except Sacramento. They took the Kings from KC, which would have been my natural team growing up anyway. In the meantime, I'm still with the Lakers. But I also live in LA now, and they have two players on the roster from Mizzou, so it works out well for me. I also find myself casually rooting for teams with cool old-school style uniforms. Golden State, for example. A lot of teams are going to uniforms with that retro kinda feel, which is way better than the late '90s/early 2000s crap teams like Golden State and Seattle came up with.
Unless you're an environmental expert, there's just not much room to criticize here IMO. You're assuming they're downplaying a major issue because they have some interest in keeping tourist beaches open. Honestly, that seems a bit ridiculous to me. They have nothing to gain from shutting down a story about a major public health issue. In fact, they'd likely want to do the opposite. If they had credible sources confirming it was a public health risk but nothing was being done, they'd e all over that. That's the kind of story that can build a journalist's reputation and help a career take off. That's te kind of reporting that draws national attention to a publication and starts conversations about awards.
True, but Andy Lee took a step back last year. He's still good, but you have to wonder if he's still elite. A reliably above-average punter is valuable, but is it worth nearly $4 million on a team that's clearly rebuilding? I don't think so. Lee's value to the 49ers was far lower than what it was when he signed that contract.
It's possible those people in hazmat suits collected that tar from other beaches as a precaution then determined a broader beach closure was unnecessary at this time. I don't know the answer here, but I guarantee you there are several people at the Times who are all over it. A major newspaper isn't going to respond to every person who calls in, especially when it's relating to a major story they're already covering.
"I played fine." "So why did you lose?" "Because sometimes things don't go your way. We just need to keep playing our game and we'll be fine."
There are examples of players at every position failing in the NFL. That doesn't mean the Colts should've kept Manning in case Luck was a bust (an extreme example, I know). The truth is te 49ers ain't winning anything next year. That money can be better spent on players who will be part of the long-term future. There is a chance the rookie will blow, but there's also a chance he's really good and really cheap and becomes an essential part of the team for the next decade like Lee before him.
No kidding. A racehorse at top speed covers a lot of ground in two seconds.
Makes a link between Starks and WW seem more likely IMO.
A Skyrim-like game that depicted Robert's Rebellion…I'd buy that.
Gabbert … so goddamn painful. As a Mizzou fan, I've watched him plenty. Capable of such amazing plays, but there's just something lacking. His deep ball is a joke for someone with his arm, and he has zero composure when things break down. So sad.
Once asked what bible I'd been reading. That was interesting. But the hottest was when my girlfriend said "so that's what the back of my throat feels like." She is not at all into having foreign objects going down her throat, but she's very much into making me happy.
No. But that's the source of the joke. I'm sure PetCo has strict rules, too. The point, I suppose, is that these big box corporate pet stores are maybe not always the best place for a pet.
I would guess an independent groomer with one or two employees would be less likely to have that kind of irresponsibility than a corporate system where employees could feel more like cogs in a machine.
This. He says she never shares fantasies but doesn't say she's ever turned him down. Has he even tried to mix it up, or is he waiting for her to do it?
Also some north side of town that fit those qualifications. The Derby Ridge area isn't the nicest in Columbia, but it works.
Abhorrent on so many levels, but we should call him what he is. Going after a 15-year-old is illegal. It's rape. But it isn't pedophilia.
Leave us out of it.
Truth
But seriously, why hasn't that mom been reported to child services yet?
Which explains why the perv is doing this from Germany.
I dropped a couple F bombs in a kid's yearbook in 7th grade. South Park quotes (back in the early, early days). His mom went through his stuff to find his yearbook and called the school to report everyone who wrote bad words. I and a dozen other kids spent the last day of school scrubbing lockers. Because, you know, we were probably the only kids in the school who did that. Not like every yearbook ever is filled with profanity.
I wouldn't hate the 49ers throwing their hat in the ring.
Hopefully that's not a big if. Danario Alexander from Mizzou was the same. Stud in college but could never stay healthy. His one semi-full season in San Diego, he put up pro bowl numbers after being signed off the street mid-year. But he got hurt yet again.
Her opinion is that people of different races should be treated differently. That opinion has a real effect on her ability to do her job. Opinions on what adults should be able to do in the privacy of their own homes is not the same. Supporting the end of marijuana prohibition in no way affects her ability to do her job. Pro-marijuana beliefs won't lead to students being treated any differently. Likewise for same-sex marriage. At best, there would be indirect effects in the minds of the uber-conservative. What she posted, though, is a clear indication that she believes white students and black students shouldn't even be in the same classroom. What's she going to do if a black student and white student get in a fight? Or if she has a difficult parent-teacher conference with a black parent? A better analogy would be if she was proposing banning the gays and drug users from sending their children to her classroom. Which would also be awful.
We live in a country where teachers aren't valued. Pay them more and treat them like professionals, and you'll attract better candidates. As it is, you get a lot of double digit IQ types because they're often the ones willing to put up with it more than a few years. "Those who can't do teach" is kinda true because those who can do have options more often than not. Source: former teacher
Fuck all those people.
10 hours later, literally every single "fuck you" response is from a Mizzou or Kansas fan. Also, fuck you.
I'm sure it's possible to be an ignorant and racist teacher and still do the job well, but I'd rather those types not teach my kids.
Generally I agree, but even on a bad team, a quality line is important IMO. Harder to develop young players when the line sucks.
A certain kind of person loves to criticize liberal approaches to kids playing with toy guns. Spineless hippies that won't let their kid have a toy. Socialist school administrators who flip out at just the mention of a gun. Try suggesting a ban at Wal-Mart on toy guns and see what happens. And then those same types turn around and say it's Tamir's fault because he shouldn't have had the toy.
Probably right. And what should probably happen is the cops show up and calmly explain why it's a bad idea.
Looks like they had an itchy trigger finger and went lookin for action hero stuff.
Three months of unpaid vacation and 60+ hour work weeks the other nine months and a salary that gets eaten into by the need to buy your own supplies for your classroom. You can live a decent lower middle class life as a teacher. But there is pretty much no hope for much better. And you're going to be shit on by students, parents, politicians and the general public constantly. I quit teaching and now do maybe a third of the work. I get to do awesome things, and anyone who I tell about my job gets excited. And I get paid more. There isn't a good teacher anywhere who wouldn't make more and work less in another field.
Nothing except it scares people so they throw it on any attempt at fearmongering.
How long do you think it takes to get to that salary? That's the absolute highest a teacher can go after multiple degrees and a couple decades on the job. $37k is more than new teachers make in 38 states. A $30k/year job at 22 isn't the worst thing in the world…except when you see your peers getting twice that in the private sector. Or when you see mail carriers make more than that on day one with no degree or debt. Or when you calculate your hourly wage and realize you'd make more as a waiter. Teachers aren't living below the poverty line. That isn't the point. The point is that anyone who has talent can easily make more in the private sector, which leads to a public education filled with teachers who are there because they have no other option. Teachers aren't paid well relative to what they'd be worth in other jobs, and they're not compensated well relative to their ability against their peers. The best teacher gets paid the same as the worst.
You're really struggling here, aren't you? It's not that it's a horrible job. It's that it's far less than what talented people would get in other fields. As I already said, you can live a comfortable lower-middle class life as a teacher. But that's basically the peak for most people. If you're content with that, great. Most talented and intelligent people aren't. You clearly have never done it. Your entire argument is based on numbers on a computer screen.
Tell me more about how teachers are respected in our society…
Thank you for repeatedly proving the point. People like you are why we have teachers like this woman.
&gt; Oh fuck off. I see you're a mature one. Hope your summer break goes well. &gt; Teachers these days complain about the system but never do anything to throw a wrench in it. Because the ones who would want that change the most are often the ones who leave the profession or avoid it in the first place. Many who remain are content with an inadequate system that encourages mediocrity. And when teachers do push for change, they get push back even harder by a society full of pricks like you who don't respect them enough to enact any positive reform. &gt; They sit idly by while the administrators fuck everything up, enact zero tolerance policies and all sorts of other horseshit. Except when they don't. I could list examples of districts where teachers pushed back against bad policies, but you should be able to find those on your own if you're actually interested in having an informed opinion on this instead of just spouting ignorant bullshit. You won't find any more resistance to bad policies in any other field. People have a tendency to comply with new rules set by people who can have them fired. &gt; Much like cops you take a civil service job you should be more interested in helping society than a paycheck, a higher standard is to be expected. And much like cops, the rewards don't match the demands of the job, so we end up with teachers who are ill-suited for the profession. In the real world, the amount of people who will accept the abstract rewards of civil service in lieu of a better paycheck is far lower than the amount we need. You can't send your kids to college on good deeds.
Because Kanye fuckin West needs to sneak in anywhere. Not buying this. He got in because he's Kanye.
Just a regular creepy uncle with a football dream forever unrealized.
I don't think you get what wanting it both ways actually means…
The *idea of teaching* isn't respected, and good ones are lumped in with the bad by the system and society. Society does not value the role teachers play. And because of that, a lot of talented would-be teachers find work elsewhere. Very simple ideas that have flown well above your head, apparently.
I was going to go with rapey, but Uncle Rico never raped anyone.
And then there are cases where cultural appropriation is actually offensive, such as white people casually donning American Indian headdresses. Commit genocide, systematically wipe out almost all traces of what culture remains … and then adopt their deeply spiritual cultural icons as a fashion statement? Sure. Why not…
Sarcasm noted. But: http://www.mtv.com/news/1837578/why-you-should-not-wear-headdresses/ http://www.theguardian.com/fashion/2014/jul/30/why-the-fashion-headdress-must-be-stopped http://www.cosmopolitan.com/style-beauty/fashion/advice/a38218/native-american-headdress-music-festival/ http://nativeappropriations.com/2010/04/but-why-cant-i-wear-a-hipster-headdress.html Complaints about cultural appropriation are almost always stupid. But there are some lines decent people don't intentionally cross. Turning other cultures into caricatures for your own casual entertainment is generally one of those lines.
I mean, I'm not a fan. Mostly because their music is kinda bad. Being upset is a choice, in a way. So is continuing to be a dick when you learn that you're being offensive by treating someone's sacred objects as a hat or dressing up as caricatures for a minstrel show or the like.
As far as I'm concerned, the Lost World and JPIII do not exist. This is the real sequel.
Rhyme
I didn't know that going in, as I paid very little attention to the promotion for the film. I did watch a trailer or two, but I didn't exactly analyzed them. I went in with a pretty clean slate (as much as you can for a movie like this). Glad I did.
Or enough money to get you killed by someone who has almost everything.
I've always had a time accepting true modesty from a guy who's gone by King since he was a teenager.
If Wikipedia was hosting copyrighted images, those constant donation drives would be for legal fees on their never-ending lawsuits.
The worst is when I see product placement in real life. All those fucking kids with their beats headphones at the mall really piss me off and detract from the realism of real life. Like, why can't kids today wear made-up brands?
-ae is a feminine plural suffix in Latin (alumnae as an everyday English example). So yeah, looks feminine if it has to have a gender.
The most *out of the 10 whole teams they looked at.* Florida's probably near the top regardless, but this recent round of OTL "investigations" is not a comprehensive dig into crime and college athletes. They cherry picked info from a small number of schools.
Lots of worthless fucks on tigerboard, but not many who actually support DGB in that case. You go to any fan board after a star gets arrested, and you'll find abhorrent comments directed at the victim. And you'll also find a lot of tongue in cheek "snitches get stitches" comments. At the time those comments were posted, though, I don't believe anyone knew it was a domestic violence situation. Also, Lawrence Phillips.
His shot looked like mine today. I am not good.
Except when he did in 2007. And in 2011.
With as much contact as there is, you think those germs aren't getting spread already? This is why we have immune systems. A little bacteria from a healthy mouth isn't going to hurt anyone.
Wilt was a statistical beast, too. Only won two rings.
Or like Golden State is defending Cleveland with the intent of forcing LeBron to do everything, knowing full well he'll put up insane numbers and still probably lose.
I'm not predicting it or anything, but LeBron and Love are both on a player option…
He has more than 21 points of help, but Golden State has done well to take away anything else Cleveland has left.
I really can't see LeBron leaving, but you have to wonder at least a little why he wanted that player option in there. Part of me thinks he maybe wanted to roll back into Cleveland, break the curse in year one and opt out for somewhere else. Regardless of what he does, though, I'd be pissed (if I were a Cleveland fan) at that Love trade.
*LeBron best ever!* More your speed?
He would've if he could've :( Edit: He actually did play the Sonics several times, of course. In eight games, LeBron went 4-4 vs. the Sonics. He averaged 26/8/5 in wins and 33/5/8 in losses. So basically it's a statistical fact that LeBron wins more when he lets his teammates do more instead of trying to score or assist on every basket. That eight-game sample size against what was a pretty bad team for most of those years proves it.
I haven't seen it yet, but more subtle grammar corrections was high on my wish list.
China and much of Asia has gone without dairy for thousands of years already. Most of them can't handle it as a result. I'm not going to worry about their dairy industry. The rest of the milk-drinking world has been doing fine without China's contributions.
When they're using California water to do it, yeah, I'll tell them what to eat. They don't need it. We're using a scarce resource to grow unnecessary crops.
No, he's referring to illegal defense: "Prior to the 2001–2002 NBA season, any form of zone defense was considered an illegal defense violation and resulted in a warning on the first violation and then a technical foul for any subsequent violations." https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Defensive_three-second_violation
I see you struggle with sarcasm.
Don't we pay farmers NOT to grow stuff in this country? I imagine there are ways to make sure we're all still fed without wasting California's water.
I'm all for limiting wasteful residential and commercial water use for landscaping, but that's not really going to change anything. If we stop propping up corn/soy farmers in Iowa and instead encourage them to actually grow food, we'd solve a lot of problems. I realize corn and soy are used in a lot of things, but that's largely because they're cheap, and they're cheap because of subsidies. (Transplanted Missourian)
If sex with you gives her nothing but a physical pleasure, then she doesn't love you. In a healthy relationship, sex is much more than something that feels good when you do it.
With those two, Cleveland's defense gets worse, the best rebounder in the series rides the pine, and Golden State is still the better team.
"This far" was 2-3. He was playing one-on-five for all of five games.
Or perhaps LeBron breaks 40% from the field.
MVP is not the best player award. Nor is it a "the rest of his team sucks" award.
Doesn't take a fighter pilot to see that having the entire offense generated by one guy probably isn't the best idea. That has pretty much never been enough to win a championship. Certainly not in the modern era. His teammates sucked, but the coaching staff (and LeBron) should have tried to find ways to get them involved anyway. LeBron vs. the Warriors was a recipe for failure.
Like Jordan vs. the Suns but not quite as good.
Those stats with a good shooting percentage in a seven-game series take it even if they lose.
That context doesn't make his shooting percentages better. It just points out that his team sucked. If he puts up similar numbers but does it while hitting 50% from the field instead of 39%, he wins it easily.
&gt; LEBRON-ing &gt; Definition: Putting the team on your back &gt; *and losing.*
Mozgov had 28 in game four. Barely played the next game. Cleveland went all in on the idea that LeBron was the only option, but he really wasn't.
