Valyrian Steel, forged with dragonfire.
Its slightly off everywhere in the world, more the further you are a way from the UK.
I put blonde highlights in my hair, which is black... It never quite bleached right, ended up with an ugly copper.
Thanks for the handbook link, I've got to re-test for my license in july and wondered if they had one digitally available. The yield sign at Fayetteville and I-40 near Southpoint enrages me sometimes with the number of drivers that power through it, then honk at you when you don't slow for them.
Or until he turned down Batman Begins.
$100 mil is whole contract, but they are talking ~45 guaranteed in lots of places.
0-1, Sept 30 2012 against ATL.
Near the new bridge over 40 behind the mall.
"Moral fibre? I invented moral fibre! Pappy O'Daniel was displaying rectitude and high-mindedness when that egghead you work for was still messing his drawers!"
I was on my bike doing a time trial, so I didn't stop.
Gayliens!
Actually doing an international Tri on Sunday, just a practice run at maintaining solid speed.
By god and sunny jesus if you are fucking with me...
Since I discovered Isopure I have not gone back to making them myself. The coffee-espresso flavor tastes just like a jamoca shake, when made with almond milk.
I liked the strawberry and cream, but this coffee knocks it out of the park! I'm interested in the banana as well.
Maybe you should see your doctor.
Worked great for Sega and the Saturn.
Check your bash profile or rc for a command its attempting to run that isn't avail on your system.
Yeah, so I've got an Olympic Tri on Sunday... I'm not sweating it.
Not an error, he said capital of the country in which the space needle is located to show it wouldn't confuse the Washingtons.
Guy number 1: Buy yourself a duck. Guy number 2: Submit that shit, and wait for the first bug reports.
EPEL are fedora packages that didn't make the redhat stable cut, but are useful for EL installations. Rpmfusion is a third party repo with a lot of other packages. There used to be a similar RPMForge repo for EL but its kind of defunct now.
When the "Lord of Light" brings her back, healed of Greyscale, you're all gonna be right back on the Stannis bandwagon.
You could copy the contents to a usb key or whatever, move it to your system and set up the folder as a local repo source.
How did you do? It was my first "long distance" and I set my goals and blew them out of the water, posting my fastest swim and bike times ever, but was in a lot of pain for the run and had to walk a portion. 3:33:29
Same with the bill he just vetoed about magistrates excusing themselves.
Second this, I'm full Keto Adapted, just finished an International on Sunday and felt great (energy-wise) the whole time, off some bacon, eggs, and cheese 2 hours before race, and half of a Quest protein bar between bike and run.
ressurection res-erection
Buddy of mine I did the race with about died on the swim and was cramping up the whole time for bike/run...
My buddy's garmin short-distanced our swim by 200 meters on Sunday, so we were wondering if it were an accuracy issue.
[Her](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/8NxeO2BPNaf_zIyxaoUQCxTcp8rz3Mbj49VMr1Nl6C5S=w581-h869-no), I want to be around to walk her down the aisle in 25 years... and not just walk, but be able to dance like a fool!
Sometimes it takes an entire generation of new medical students to accept and apply advancements in teaching in a certain subject. Note that the HCLF diet has been taught as gospel truth for almost a half century now, which accounts for at least 5 generations of medical experts trained to think that way.
Thanks.
The Stairwell from Hell!
Normally I am Tri-Training, but I am taking a month off for recuperation, and basic muscle strengthening, so my cardio is cut a lot, and thus caloric burn are going to decrease a lot, so I'm just trying to prepare.
I don't have an actual mother-in-law, as she passed away a few years before I met my wife, though I think she'd have been quite awesome. My father-in-law's current girlfriend is absolutely terrible, but it's a whole different degree. There are people you like, and people you don't like... and then there are people that are just plain bad people... she's one of the latter.
Christopher Lee died Sunday, they just announced it today.
Its essentially all broccoli and spinach for me currently.
Where is that airing, I've seen two ads not to here in NC.
Oreo Mint Milkshake
Some play of wording? "Lord of light, I beseech you, raise unto us our one true king." Cut scene, Jon sits up.
Yakko's World
Congrats dude, on my way to meet you shortly, I hope.
My wife said, blood doesn't run that way on ice... Kinda creeped me out.
This was my thought, did I miss something? Edit: Downvotes but no answer... Excellent.
I guess Mr Gorsky's getting anal tonight.
Thanks, it's my general line of thinking right now.
This I was worried about, not to mention the Las Vegas factor.
He said he was coming back y'all. What did you expect?
Pennywise, I caught the beginning of IT when I was like 8 at my grandparents house, and don't think I actually ever watched it through till I was in my 20s. By then it looked so stupid.
It is, they call it the Faces Set.
Was that Dodongo?
The freakin' floor being lava... How the hell am I supposed to get from my bed to the toilet, I've gotta pee.
They come running up to me when I'm looking at the 4k 65" tv... then they realize I'm not going to buy it then and there, and poof! Jimmy Hoffa.
You will likely find quite a few differing libs and it won't install.
Advil.
I've been doing triathlons for almost a year now, and I notice I have a lot more stage 3 energy than my compatriots.
Get a little more creative, he only has to buy the people that won't already vote for him, and only has to get 50+% of one of the major EC states to swing the election...
There's a fee they charge students and staff, and you can only access if you have an affiliate ID to the university.
I am member at the Durham Y, the downtown branch isn't far from duke, easy drive or bike. I used to go to Millinium Fitness on Hillsborough, not far from campus either.
Look its not what he is that matters, but how he identifies. When he gets back, we'll ask him...
I love them, the caramel chocolate nut roll really tastes like a Baby Ruth and is my goto snack when my wife breaks out chocolate and ice cream.
Trad wings at BW3, just make sure you stick to buffalo sauce.
Be a TMo customer now, no contract, they do something dumb, walk away.
TWC for cable/internet together. Frontier for DSL although they advertise 6mbps around the area and 12 in downtown durham, they've only been able to deliver 3mbps at my house.
Tee-ball.
I actually only discovered this race existed because I read this story last week. Total bummer, I don't even have a super nice bike, but you bet my gear goes in the hotel room with me.
Man I can pick up 5-6 pounds of water weight overnight depending on what I eat, 8 lbs for a pro athlete I'm not too concerned about.
Our actual wedding cake was more traditional, but my grooms cake was an xbox360 with a copy of Arkham Asylum.
Busy... So scratch omnipotent and omnipresent... Only one leg to stand on...
You'll likely have some questions about certain characters, but you should def play Asylum and City anyways because they are marvelous.
See that thing there... That's called a fence, an attempt to contain the danger, and protect the safety of others.
Probably a cool chick like my wife. Dude's lucky.
My wife thought it was quite cute as well.
Heavy whipping cream and unsweeted almond milk first thing in the morning, no sugar. Black and night the rest of the day.
Another One Bites the Dust
I know two other couples that are Liz and Dave... very interesting.
Look, I don't know about you, but I see Metallo, Scarecrow, Harley Quinn, and Catman... I fail to see the problem here.
Death, by Ogbonnaya!
Fallout: New Vegas
Real IMAX is a wonderful to see, your peripheral vision is totally consumed, very nice chairs and the sound quality is phenomenal.
The digital IMAX is bs, but still quite a bit better than any theatre in town. It's all I will watch, and why I also only go to the cinema like 3 times a year.
I'm excited, until they change the battle system, the materia system, and the story... They've already said it won't be just a HD skinned version of the same game.
There's a nasty pothole in the bike lane on MLK at one point that I discovered the hard ward. I stay on the sidewalk through that area, have had quite a few police officers drive by while riding without the slightest bit of interest in me. I don't think that citation is worth their time.
This is where the no-preorder policy will come in so handy.
That's basically my policy, ask me to do something and I will go out of my way to help... Demand I do something... Yeah, that's a ballgame, goodnight.
I mean organizing it as a group will get us nowhere I agree, but I really never sat back and thought about the disappointment I've experienced for super hyped games I had preordered til someone here brought it up and I was like... Wait a minute. I want Arkham Knight so bad, but I'm at a conference all next week, I'll read some reviews and the go out and pick it up Friday.
That has always been one of my favorite trivia questions... Which of these large cats is not related: Leopard, Jaguar, Panther, or Cheetah. Most people only think about the spots and get the question wrong.
Call me a homer, but seeing a Colts/Panthers Superbowl would be a blast for the YoungQB showcase. The last several years have all featured at least one veteren QB.
I was going 5+, I must've counted wrong.
Like any large city there are good and bad spots. School performance ratings are based on an average of standardized test scores, and unfortunately a large portion of the school enrollment in Durham is lower SES, which skews the overall scores terribly. Each school is different, call and take a tour, see what you think.
Had there been a car right there I would've likely been clipped, as it kicked me out to the side, but it was like 10:30am and fairly deserted.
They copied their dbs off a few hours before.
I wish it surprised me the way it declared my standing... I tried my best to be specific in each question instead of accepting straight yes/no.
I don't wanna leave the jungle, no no, no no no no.
Don't give him the benefit of an accelerant...
The car cuts over quick and hard brakes to get rear-ended and an insurance claim. Sometime they try to extort money from the other driver not to file. In this case, no collision ever happened, and the car in front called the cops to report it anyways. Fortunately it was all caught on camera, and he was arrested for false report.
[X-Clown](http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=y_tk9MFKAVs) often considered the greatest play in Panthers history.
You hear about it every now and again... Unfortunately there are assholes everywhere.
I like the AMC at Southpoint. Clean, cool, and usually plenty of times for new releases.
