I don't get where the fatlogic comes in. Sounds like they are eating an adequate amount to fuel their lifestyle.
10 pounds in 3 months is reasonable and I would guess that the plan you've outlined will support that. Weight loss is mainly about diet, so my best suggestion is to be accurate in your calorie counting. After eating at 1,600 calories/day for a few weeks, check your weight changes and then adjust your intake upwards or downwards as needed.
Quest and B-Up bars are my favourites.
Are you doubting that you have actually been eating 1,500 or are you doubting that your maintenance is 2,700-3,000? Given your age and weight, 2,700-3,000 for maintenance isn't that crazy. All those calculators are only estimates, though. The only way to tell for sure is to use real results (i.e. weight loss, gain, or maintenance) to tell what your true TDEE is. If you are doubting the 1,500 calories, can you post a sample day that's added up to 1,500? We might be able to tell where things could be inaccurate, if anything.
Even if your calories are a bit inaccurate, at your weight I would expect you to lose some weight even at 1,500. So, I'd say keep at it and reassess after a couple more weeks have gone by. long term, though, I'd recommend a food scale. It's the best tool available for accurate calorie counting.
You have quite a bit of wiggle room in your deficit, so even if your calorie counts are off, you should still see weight loss. Given what's shown, though, I see a few areas where tracking may be inaccurate: - How did you cook your egg at breakfast? Did you use any oil, etc.? - How do you know the grilled cheese totalled 335? Sandwiches are one of those things that can range from 300 calories to over 1,000, so it's generally better to log the individual components (bread, meat, cheese, butter, etc.) - Did you measure or weight out the 1 tbsp of oil in dinner or did you eyeball it? - Did you count out exactly five almonds twice? - Any other beverages other than the nespresso pod? Did you add anything to the coffee?
40-60g of cooked oatmeal may be 35 calories, but the portion is almost nothing (it's less than a tbsp of uncooked oats). Are you sure about his portion? 40 grams of uncooked oats (a normal portion) are about 1/3 of a cup and contain about 130 calories. With the rice and quinoa, I recommend weighing out your portions uncooked, as there is more variance in cooked weight/volume due to potential differences in water absorption.
Yep! Edited my reply, sorry.
Peanut butter, full fat dairy, straight up using real butter when cooking anything...
I worked in a movie theatre from age 15-18. It was a great job at the time even with only earning minimum wage. The entire staff, other than the manager, were high school and university students. Because of this, we were all one big group of friends. In the quiet time between shows, we'd pretty well just hang around and goof off. Perks involved free entry to non-soldout shows with a free guest.
I agree with u/funchords. Can you post a sample 2,000 calorie day or a link to your food diary? Maybe from looking it over we can help identify where there could be an issue.
I used to do my morning workouts fasted for the same reason but I eventually trained myself to eat before workouts and I do find I perform better. I generally wake up 4:45/5:00 and my workout starts at 5:30. Because of the short period of time between eating and workout, I just eat simple carbs that will digest quickly. This usually means fruit leather, plain cereal, cookies, or (lately) pop-tarts (Yum!). To get used to eating, I started by eating about 50 calories worth of the previous mentioned foods. Now, I'm up to 200 calories worth and I feel that's a good amount of fuel for my workout.
How do you mean? I have my MFP (free version) set to 60%C/20%F/20%P. On my food/nutrients tab, it currently shows that I can eat 162g more carbs, 50g protein, and I'm over by 5g of fat today.
If you can still find pumpkin pie Pop Tarts, go buy them immediately. They really nailed the pumpkin pie experience.
That's awesome that you signed up! Duathlons are so much fun! For your first multi-sport event (duathlon, triathlon, etc), a good goal is to finish and have fun. With an event of that distance, you're likely going to see participants of all ages and skill levels. The hardest parts of a duathlon tend to be the two runs. For the first run, you want to pace yourself to save energy for the next two legs. The second run is challenging because because your legs will likely feel tired after biking. This is where the training comes in. In addition to doing standalone runs and bikes, I recommend practicing biking then running a few times leading up to the race. It doesn't need to be a big run or bike, even 10 minutes of running is fine. These workouts are called "bricks" because your legs tend to feel like bricks when you start running after biking. I also recommend practicing your "transitions". This is where you switch from run to bike and back to run again. In the race, you will have a designated spot where you rack your bike (while running) and can leave other items like running shoes, visor, water bottle, etc. With lots of people around you, it can be a bit disorienting doing transitions the first time, so it's good to practice (e.g. practice setting your bike in its place, then removing your helmet, then putting your hat on, etc.). Good luck!
Overnight oats or chia puddings make great make-ahead breakfasts. Depending on your calorie/macro goals, you can make all kinds using various ratios of milks/oats/chia seeds/protein powder/fruit/etc.
If you've successfully cut 45 pounds using MFP, then you have all the data you need to determine your accurate TDEE. Say you lost one pound per week eating 2,000 calories per day, that means you were eating at a deficit of 3,500 calories per week or 500 per day. This means your TDEE (i.e. maintenance calories) is 2,000+500=2,500. For bulking, you can then add 200-500 calories per day for this for "bulking" calories of 2,700-3,000.
I prefer PC Points because I like shopping at Superstore/No Frills (good prices and good selection with PC products) and the PC Points are easy to redeem with "constant" values.
If you want to add more muscle mass over time, you'd need to go through bulking phases to achieve this.
I can ditto your comment exactly! I'm also Canadian, originally loved Quest Bars (and still do) but B-up bars overtook Quest as my favourite.
I forgot to bring a towel to the gym with me so I had to dry off, after showering, with the sweatpants I'd worn over my gym shorts. Thank goodness it's winter and the cold weather necessitated extra clothing.
Most cereals are primarily simple carbs and sugar that won't keep you full. Because of this, I look for cereals with lots of fiber and little or no added sugar. My go-to cereal combo is a serving of Fiber One or All Bran Buds (70 calories) plus two servings of puffed wheat (one serving is one cup for 50 calories).
Have you actually been maintaining your weight on 1,400 calories per day with all that activity? I would think you definitely need to be eating more to support all that exercise.
A TDEE of 1,746 isn't completely outside the realm of reasonability given your height, but my initial thought is that maybe there's an issue with your tracking. Over your 3.5 weeks using the spreadsheet, did you enter your calories every single day? Were there any days that you didn't track and just guessed? You say that you probably eat about 2,000 calories on the days where you eat whatever you want. From tracking some of those days, myself, I can attest to the fact that "whatever I want" can easily be over 4,000 calories.
[Deja Vu](https://www.reddit.com/r/OldSchoolCool/comments/4my9kf/michael_caine_circa_1968/)
My local stores sell boxed salads in the range of $9. That's a good use of a reward.
The main benefit of a scale is accuracy, as others have mentioned. Another benefit is that you don't dirty as many dishes when using a food scale. For example, say you measure out cereal using a measuring cup: when you do this, you dirty both a measuring cup and a bowl. With a scale, though, you just set the bowl on the scale, "tare" it to zero and pour the cereal right into the bowl to the desired serving. No extra dishes dirtied!
I've repeated Hal Higdon advanced plans multiple times resulting in multiple PRs. If they've worked for you in the past, they could work for you again (the important thing will just be to bump up your speeds in the various workouts)
Despite delays from the original dates, construction is still going forward. Many of the units were originally sold more than 2 years ago, it'll be interesting to see whether they're all actually occupied once the mall opens.
It's a "woosh". Sometimes as you lose weight, your fat cells shed fat but replace the volume with water. This means that, even though you are losing fat each day, the scale stays the same. Them after a period of a few days to a few weeks, all the water is shed from those fat cells, suddenly "releasing" days' to weeks' of weight loss all at once.
How often were/are you eating cheat meals? Say you eat 1,500 a day Sunday through Friday and then eat a cheat meal on Saturday. A restaurant meal can easily be 1,500-2,000 calories, meaning you could be eating 3,000 calories on Saturday. If this is the case, you're average consumption is actually 1,700. Throw in some inaccuracies in measuring here and there and variance in your actual TDEE and that explains why you aren't losing. Suggestion: track every day, even cheat days. It's ok to have some days with higher calories, but you'll need to decrease the other days to offset.
There's a little store that sells Chinese housewares in Pacific Place mall, just by the entrance to T&amp;T. I'd try there.
Quest's vanilla milkshake flavoured powder is amazing.
I go to Westside and I love it. I most often visit first thing in the morning through the week (around 5:30 am). I never have to wait for any equipment or machines as they have multiples of most. If you are a weightlifter, the facility has several squat racks and plenty of high weighted dumbbells. If you like cardio machines, the gym has amble treadmills/bike/ellipticals plus "non'standard" machines like rope pulls, a treadmill climber, jacobs ladder, etc. Good drop in spin classes. I don't go to the other drop in classes, but there are a bunch offered. The pool is hard to use on weekends because of families and kids' lessons, but the lanes are fine in the early morning. The layout is a bit weird with random pieces of equipment shoved into random corners in addition to the "main" fitness areas, but this is a plus as the facility is clearly trying to offer as much equipment as possible.
Spices! First, instead of water, I use broth (chicken/beef/vegetable). Then, depending on the vegetables I'm using, I add different combinations of spices including cumin, turmeric, chili powder, oregano, basil, etc. Pretty well all my soups include onions and garlic. If you're not sure what flavours go well together, google recipes based on whatever vegetable you're wanting to use.
My usual mug cake recipe is 1 scoop protein powder + 2 tbsp PB2 + a pinch of baking soda. Almond milk or water to a cake batter consistency then 35-45 seconds in the microwave.
The 15g = 80 calories in the above link is all good. So just make sure you're weighing out 15g and not relying on a measuring cup.
1.5 hours at 375 should do it. Cover the top with foil until the last half hour or else the top crust will burn.
Current PRs: - 5k: 20:20 (those last 20 seconds are proving very difficult!) - 10k: 43:22 - HM: 1:35:59
I wanted to improve at my sport. I've been running races for about a decade and took up multisport races (triathlon and duathlon) about 5 years ago. During most of that time, I was overweight bouncing around between 145lbs and 155lbs at 5'4". They say you can't outrun your fork, and boy, do I prove that true. A couple years ago, I decided I really wanted to see what I was capable of without having excess weight holding me back. Even though I'd been counting calories on and off for years, I buckled down and got serious about it. I deliberately lost weight slowly. Never more than 1lb per week and usually more like 0.5lb. I did this because my training suffered if my deficit was too great. I got down to a lean 130lbs about 1.5 years ago and I've been spending the last few months creeping down to 125lb. I must say, losing that excess weight did more for my running speed than any amount of training ever did. Yes, it is possible to be "fast" when overweight, but losing will will nearly always lead to improvements.
Actual results trump calculators, though. If you've been maintaining your weight at 150 lbs, then whatever you've been eating is your maintenance. Is it possible that you are eating 1,700 calories most days, but then eating more on weekends/holidays/etc? If so, this could be pushing your average consumption to a number closer to 2,100.
I use my food scale on the time! First, a food scale is way more accurate than using cups or eyeballing serving sizes. But, there are even more benefits. One is that a food scale saves you dirtying extra dishes. For example, instead of measuring out 1 cup of cereal into a measuring cup and then pouring that cereal into a bowl, I just set my bowl on the scale and then pour in cereal until the scale reads 30 grams or whatever the weight of a cup of that cereal is, per the box. Second, scales are great when baking. Outside of North America, recipes are commonly written with ingredients by weight instead of volume because it's much more accurate. (Tell two people to dish out "1 cup" of flour using a measuring cup and they will have totally different amounts because of the way flour can settle in a cup). Writing a recipe to call for, say, 200 grams of flour is way more accurate. And, again, you save on dishes because you can pour ingredients directly into your mixing bowl. So, I'd say don't worry about your family. Get a scale!
The [Inspiralized](http://inspiralized.com/) website has tons of recipes sorted by ingredient and dish-type. Personally, my favourites include carrot noodles with peanut sauce, cajun curly fries and zucchini with turkey sausage.
I like to use them to make a buffalo chicken salad. I'll cook the chicken nuggets then slice them into bite sized pieces. Then, I toss them with lettuce, chopped celery and tomatoes, Franks buffalo sauce and a bit of creamy dressing (sour cream, ranch, greek yogurt, etc).
Most people here use MFP. Just log the individual items that you are putting into the Nutri-Ninja. For example, an entry could look like this: - 1 cup blueberries: 50 calories - 1 scoop protein powder: 120 calories - 1 cup milk: 110 calories - 1 cup spinach: 10 calories
Just pick a number in the middle of the range and go with it. From the law of averages, it all works out in the end. With meat, especially, you never really know because different cuts and pieces of meat will have varying fat content. So, it's always an estimate as to how many calories are in it.
I finally tried the [Voluminous Oatmeal Trick](http://chocolatecoveredkatie.com/2009/07/03/kozyshack-oatmeal-pudding/) posted on Chocolate Covered Katie and I was realy happy with how it turned out. Basically, you microwave 1/2 cup (40g) of oats in 1.5 cups of water (i.e. way more than usually use) for 4.5 minutes. Then, you leave the oatmeal sitting in the microwave for 5 minutes before moving to the fridge, uncovered, for a few hours or overnight. Then, you can either rewarm or eat cold. I made mine and let is sit overnight, then I reheated it the next morning. The volume was much more impressive than what I normally get from oatmeal, so that was enjoyable.
I'm getting tired of the treadmill. It's -10 with a windchill around -30, the temperature has been around this level for most of the last month and it keeps snowing every couple days. I could bundle up and run outside, but it's really not appealing.
It's easier to add muscle mass when eating at a surplus. However, there's no way to put on just muscle. If you eat more than you burn while lifting weights, you are likely adding both fat and muscle. So, the plan is to eat a surplus, lift weights and gain both fat and muscle. Then, after a time, you start eating at a deficit to lose the fat. If you keep lifting weights / exercising, you can minimize the amount of muscle that will be lost during this time. Repeat as desired.
As long as you are still consuming minimally required amounts of fat (some sources say in the range of 25-30g), then it's fine to go over your protein.
To curb evening munching I usually do one of two things: - prepare a litre of flavoured sparkling water with my sodastream (takes time to drink and physically fills me) - brush and floss my teeth. Then, I don't want to "ruin" my clean teeth with more food
It's only been nine days. A healthy rate of weight loss is 1-2 pounds per week. Assuming your counting is accurate, it's easy for any actual weight loss to be masked by temporary changes in water weight at this point. Especially for a woman where water weight varies a few pounds depending on where you are in your cycle. Keep going for a few more weeks. If you haven't seen any changes in the scale by then, then it's time to re-assess.
&gt; but they shouldn't enough to outdo the deficit during the week They might be. Are you tracking your weekends or just guessing? I can easily eat 4,000 calories in a day.
It looks like the ranges are accounting for the fact that there are options when it comes to sides. For example, the "Bacon You Fancy" burger meal is advertised as 920-1,980 calories. Side options range from a low of 30 (Weeds) to 990 (poutine). So, it sounds like the burger itself is about 890 calories.
I see from your flair that you lost 45 pounds. How long did it take you to lose that weight? Did anything in your habits or lifestyle change from when you were losing weight to the last few months? How about the holidays, any extra eating there?
800-900 is likely a bit of an overstatement but, given your weight, you are burning something from all that exercise. I think you could go ahead with trying 1,800 for a few weeks and see what happens. Like I said above, though, it needs to be a true 1,800. Not 1,800 6 days a week or 1,800 of eyeballed portions.
All the calculators are just estimates. Since you have actual weight loss results, you can calculate your actual TDEE from that. How many calories did you eat per day over the last two months? 25 pounds over two months is a total deficit of 87,500 calories (25 x 3,500) or about 10,000 calories per week. That means your daily deficit was about 1,400 calories. However, I'm assuming you lost weight faster at the beginning due to an initial drop of water weight, so let's be conservative and say your actual deficit was 1,200 calories per day. For the sake of the explanation, say you have been eating an average of 1,600 calories a day, that would mean your TDEE is 2,800 (1,200 + 1,600).
No. The calories required to digest food are already taken into account in a food's calorie count. Technically, water is negative calorie because the body does use some calories to heat up water to body temperature, but the number of calories is insignificant. Certain non-food items (like paper and grass) could be considered negative calorie because the body has no way to extract calories from these items. But this is outside the discussion.
What are you planning on doing with the unsweetened flavours? For water enhancers, I just buy them from the grocery store and save money by using coupons and the Checkout51 app. One option I can think of is to use baking extracts and unflavoured protein powders. At stores like Bulk Barn and Michaels, they have all kinds of extract flavours. At home right now, I have cream cheese, maple, almond, butter, and vanilla. All work well to add flavour to puddings and amoothies without artificial sweeteners.
Shaksuka! Here's a sample [recipe](http://toriavey.com/toris-kitchen/2010/07/summer-2010-travel-blog-shakshuka/) but there's lots available out there.
That looks tasty. I make egg and cheese breakfast sandwiches with eggos all the time, it's a good meal.
Cut for now. Recomp is for when you have reached your goal weight. If you want to minimize muscle loss during your cut, you may want to up your cals to around 1,800, being a 500 calories per day deficit rather than the steeper 900 per day.
President's Choice or Kraft natural (just peanuts and salt) PB2
The [Inspiralized](http://inspiralized.com/) website has tons of tips and recipes divvied up my ingredient. With zucchini noodles, I usually just toss in a hot skillet for a few minutes before adding sauces and toppings.
I like any meal that involves tossing something in the oven for 30-60 minutes. This most often includes the following: - frozen meatballs (turkey and chicken are lighter, but beef is fine, too, homemade or packaged) - baby potatoes - green beans - brussel sprouts - squash - cabbage - cauliflower - broccoli Generally, veggies are good tossed with salt, pepper, garlic powder and oil before going in the oven.
In that case just give it time. It can take a little while to get used to a new routine.
Are you trying to avoid potato completely or just lower the carbs? I've had a lot of success adding a little bit of instant mashed potatoes (about 1/4 cup of the dry flakes) to a pot of mashed cauliflower. My usual method is to dump 1 pound of frozen cauliflower florets into boiling chicken broth. I let simmer until the cauliflower is cooked, drain, then blend with my immersion blender. At this point, I add the instant mashed potatoes.
If you maintained the month of December (which is a feat in itself), that means you lost an average 1.5 pounds per week the other eight weeks. There's nothing to be disappointed about, that's a great accomplishment! Don't be so hard on yourself. Be happy for the progress you've made!
Yes, you can buy skin on chicken breasts. I prefer dark meat to white meat because that's where all the flavour is. But, you can't force your family to eat dark meat. What I would do it continue cooking whole chickens and then using the dark meat in other dishes: curries for example.
They are both just guesses. Whether the bike or MFP is more accurate will depend on the bike. Generally, all those machines and MFP overestimate calories, so I'd be inclined to go with whichever estimate is lower and then knock off another 25%. To get a more accurate measure of calories burned, you'll need a heart rate monitor. For a frame of reference on what calorie burn is possible on the bike, I burn 250-500 calories per hour depending on my effort level.
That sounds about right, only way to find out for sure is to try. Eat 2,000 calories a day. Let at least three weeks go by (this should be enough time to take care of water weight fluctuations) and see how your weight has changed. At this point, you can adjust your target if need be.
I'd say just pick a number in the middle (say, 1,500) and give it a go. Try eating this amount for a few weeks and see what the result is.
What is the recipe? My answer will vary based on what purpose the spaghetti is serving.
She said she recently started CrossFit so I assumed most of the weight loss occurred pre-CrossFit. Otherwise, yes, the TDEE calc should be broken down between weight loss pre-CrossFit and weight loss post-CrossFit.
It's your birthday, go ahead and eat more. As to whether its a reasonable estimate of your TDEE, if you've been eating 1,500 calories per day and you've been losing 1 pound per week then, yes, your TDEE is 2,000. If you've been losing weight at a faster rate, then your TDEE is even higher.
I think that's a good plan. The human body is not a calculator that resets at midnight. I don't know about you, but I always feel the extra hunger from bigger workouts the day after that workout, so what you've described is how I tend to naturally operate.
Canned green beans are good when you roast them with oil, salt, pepper, and garlic. Sauteeing is also a good option, anything other than microwaving or boiling. I like adding canned beets to salads with balsamic vinegar. Canned tomatoes are preferable to fresh if you're going to be cooking them. You can even roast canned tomatoes to get some extra flavour in them Other than veggies, canned beans and legumes (chickpeas, black beans, kidney beans, etc) are a staple in my pantry. I add them to salads, casseroles, mash them into burgers, add to soups and chilis and many other purposes.
Do you enter your food every day, weekends as well as weekdays? How to you estimate the entries for foods that you buy as takeout? How to you record and/or measure the foods you prepare yourself? As I said before, there is no way you aren't losing weight if you are eating only 800 calories a day. So, that leads me to believe there are issues with your calorie tracking.
It's not a plateau, it's just that you are eating at maintenance. It sounds like you know what you need to do and that is cut down on the chocolate chips and similar foods. Do you track your food intake? Read the FAQ that the AutoMod linked for you. There's lots of good tips in there.
My husband doesn't like quinoa either, but he'll eat it in this [Turkey Quinoa Meatloaf](http://allrecipes.com/recipe/213211/turkey-and-quinoa-meatloaf/?internalSource=search%20result&amp;referringContentType=search%20results) You can play around with the flavours in this recipe, going with taco flavours, or italian or whatever you feel like.
Here are some of my favourites: - [Carrot coconut curry](http://www.acouplecooks.com/carrot-coconut-curry-soup/) - [Moroccan carrot](http://myculturedpalate.com/recipes/moroccan-carrot-soup/) - [African peanut](https://www.budgetbytes.com/2014/08/african-peanut-stew-vegan/) - in this one, you can use different vegetables instead of collards such as kale, spinach, mushrooms, etc.
If you really want to give overnight oats (or smoothies, even) that battery taste, the key is extracts. Like, instead of vanilla extract, you can get butter extract and almond extract. These two flavours in particular work really well.
Weight loss is all about calories in versus calories out. When you eat those calories does not matter and what you eat does not matter (it does for health, but not for weight). You are a healthy weight. That means that if you want to lose more weight, you will need to be very diligent about your diet. Now, while eating less then 1,000 calories a day was not and is not healthy, doing so did not mess up your metabolism. At your height, you should be losing weight on 1,300-1,500 calories per day, so that leads me to believe that your counting is not 100% accurate. However, rather than trying to nail down your calorie deficit, I'd really just suggest keeping to your current diet (since it sounds quite healthy) and adding in some exercise instead. Exercise and lifting weights will not make you bulky. Rather, it can help you "re-comp" your body into something you feel better in and feel better about. Come over to r/xxfitness for great advice on that topic.
Check out r/1200isplenty and r/1500isplenty . So many ideas for meals!
I wouldn't do it. The food scale doesn't really do much good if you don't know the full breakdown of ingredients in what you are eating, anyway. For example, say you're eating pasta. Who's to say whether the plate weighs an extra 50g because of added tomato sauce or because of butter/oil?
It's going to be different for everyone since fat distribution is genetic. I personally saw my legs slim down when I went under 135lbs at 5'4".
Given your height 1,400 is a good place to start. Give it a few weeks. If you are losing too much weight, eat more. If you aren't losing enough weight, eat less.
This is a great rule of thumb! I feel like this sentence needs to be stickied in this sub.
I tend to eat lighter on the weekend because I have more time to prepare vegetable heavy dishes and I'm doing more activities that distract me from eating, like shopping, cleaning and just being out and about. I work a desk job, so Monday to Friday is a constant battle to resist the office treats.
I'm partial to Pampa. Quick service on the meat and great side options (sides include items like beef carpaccio and octopus). Downside is no grilled pineapple.
That's not a plateau. That's just eating at maintenance.
Do you have coconut milk?: [Bok Choy Curry](http://www.sweetashoney.co.nz/bok-choy-curry-indian-style/) How about Indian spices? [Bok Choy and Chicken Curry](http://www.sweetandsavorybyshinee.com/easy-bok-choy-chicken-curry/) I usually saute bok choy with ginger and garlic for stir fry or to have on the side of steamed dumplings.
How many calories are you eating? How long were you eating that level without losing weight? What is your height and weight? In counting calories, are you counting *everything* you eat including oils, beverages, samples, etc.? How are you measuring what you eat? To answer the actual question, plateaus happen because water weight fluctuations will mask actual fat loss. Plateaus normally last up to a few weeks.
1. Being fat is hard. Losing weight is hard. Choose your hard. 2. Time is going to pass regardless. You may as well improve yourself in the meantime.
Welcome to the world of accurate calorie counting. It is surprising how many calories are in "healthy" foods. This is why it is so important to be accurate.
Most likely those girls were not accurate or honest in their calorie counting.
I go all out when I'm on vacation, too. After my last trip, I legitimately weighed 10 pounds more on the night I arrived home than I did pre-vacation. Within two days, 8 of these pounds fell off. Theoretically, if one ate 3,500 calories over TDEE per day for 7 days, you could put 7 pounds of fat on, but I find in practice that the body doesn't really work this way and fewer pounds than predicted actually get added on.
Does the restaurant you are going to post calorie counts? If so, just take a look over the menu before hand and pick something that fits into your daily goal. Otherwise, if you want to keep the meal lighter watch out for dressings, added oil and butter and giant portions. Don't feel like you have to eat the entire meal.
Yes, you log and weigh each individual item. If you want to be very exact, an entry could look like this: - 100g lettuce: 15 calories - 200g tomato: 36 calories - 200g carrots: 80 calories - 1 tbsp oil: 120 calories - 1 tbsp vinegar: 5 calories And so on. Once you have the hang of logging and have an understanding of which vegetables are low calorie (like lettuce, tomato, cucumber) you may feel comfortable just throwing in eyeballed estimates for those.
You can lose weight eating anything you want as long as you eat less than you burn. In general, vegetables and lean proteins (like chicken, legumes, and fish) are good choices. Take a look at the FAQ over a r/loseit for advice on calories. For meal ideas, check out r/EatCheapAndHealthy
