i dont even know what to say to this. your over thinking things.
So good ROFL! Barry is a legend!
Its the same as every other girl on Twitter. I dont see why your obsessed with hating her.
Its been confirmed before that this isnt her.
i really really doubt she has implants.
Kers is as real as they come. Nothing fake about him
inb4 "what do you mean 'they'?" i mean friends, u racists LUL
totally agree. showing a little leg isnt going wild.
https://clips.twitch.tv/watchmeblink1/ExuberantGullJKanStyle
the text-to-speech on Kripps stream makes it alot more enjoyable.
Why would they release a patch the day they get back from vacation? It wasnt finished before they left.
Sorry you dont understand how US holidays work for big companys. They were definetly off for 2 weeks, just like they are every single year. 12 years later, people still dont recognize patterns in how Blizzard works.
pretty sure a girl could walk by Reckful, say "hi" and you guys would call her a leech.
how is this about reckful?
could use more context to this...
Hes not wrong.
Even I didnt realize what it was until he figured it out, lol.
It blows my mind that Sony didnt realize this would happen in the first place. When I heard Mitch &amp; Sony moving in together, I knew immediatly it wouldnt last more than a month or 2. Its SO well known that Mitch lives that messy rat lifestyle. He wasnt going to change.
OMG WTF DID I MISS!? Gotta watch the VoD tonight. Kreygasm
didnt even have to burp after PogChamp
My thoughts exactly. Half of the posts in this subreddit are just normal pictures lately.
This is gonna be good for the Lakers. Give it more time people, its gonna make sense in the end.
While Im fine with the trade, I feel bad that he has to leave sunny Cali for Brooklyn &amp; a team that doesnt look to be getting better anytime soon.
I cant believe how many Laker fans are overreacting &amp; already turning on Magic/Rob. There are so many pieces to the puzzle that have to be moved around. The Russell trade was only 1 piece. Give them time to create.
No. I hope they never do this awards show again unless they fit it in between the end of the regular season and the start of the playoffs, which probably wouldnt happen.
I thought it was a great move. I never realized how many Lakers fans feel in love with him until I came to this subreddit.
omg, Phil you make my head hurt.
Overthinking it. Guys just having fun before the big moment.
Sore losers.
Have fun with that dumpster fire team.
i like how Brooklyn fans think they get him, lol
All that &amp; its not even July 1st yet, when the real fun starts. Magic/Rob doing exactly what theyre supposed to so far. No idea what anybody could be mad about.
I hope so. Weve had so many draft picks the last few years and no ROTY yet.
No suprise &amp; no thank you.
I dont see this as a shot. It was clear, to me at least, he wasnt a leader.
Totally agree.
Uncalled for.
Probably next week.
Hes probably just trolling you guys since you overreact to every tweet.
The last tweet (crying laughing emote) just tells me hes laughing at everybody overreacting to every tweet he sends out.
They are doing great. I love to hear how hard they are working. The only people mad are the ones that have DLO posters all over their room lol
nobody is gonna be looking for a fidget spinner here.
lmao
they broke up like 2 weeks ago &amp; there are still new topics popping up everyday. If you hate somebody so much, why are you tracking their every move? I dont get it.
omg, Larry got robbed. Just look at these comments! Come on!
Dude Im pissed. That was clearly Nance.
Oladipo must know some Russian hackers.
I just noticed this too. Sure looks like it.
I heard sometime next month (July).
This is way overdue. I cant believe they put up with his shit for this long. Even with Phil gone, the Knicks have alot of rebuilding to do.
I think there is more chance that Blake leaves before Chris.
Welp, I was completely wrong. lol
sure, lets go with that, ha
who cares right now. its a year away.
Youre crazy.
To be fair, the first 10 min of the show was actually incredibly boring, but it started to get good/funny after that.
DLO was getting traded no matter what. Coaches &amp; players had issues with him. He didnt fit into the future that Magic/Rob are trying to create. I dont know why people dont understand that.
Its gonna be a 1 on 1 league pretty soon. Last 2 guys that arent injured yet, lol.
Alot of comedy at the start of this Lakers broadcast xD
edit: ya hes back in the lineup tonight.
Ennis needs to channel his inner-Lonzo.
Bad news is Houston is making their 3s. Good news is Lakers energy is good &amp; staying right there with them.
Pretty suprised how easily were scoring in the paint. Nice to see Randle doin work
were incredibly lucky if we make it to OT
bad call on Randle. barely touched him
omg, BI.. thank you!
did u hunt down this post from 2 days ago? u gtfo
Have you guys not watched the last 3 years? Close games are better than blowouts. You add 1 star to this team &amp; these close losses turn into wins.
I dont know why people focus so much on the negative &amp; look for people to blame. This team is making so much progress, its just not showing up in the wins column right now.
Hes great when he plays like he did tonight, but hes inconsistent. We could easily see a different Randle next game.
Best reply Ive read all day.
We'll be fine. Were not even half way thru the season. Were not exactly playing for a championship this year. The goal is to just improve &amp; I definetly see the improvment even tho the record doesnt show it.
This is why Im not a fan of Harden. Hes a great shooter, but all the bullshit he does to run up his point total is ridiculous. Id hate to see him win MVP.
at 14:53 - hating on the man bun since day 1, lol
Good thing the season isnt even half way over or else I might care.
No one play decides a game.
Couldnt watch, too cringe.
I feel bad for Wolves fans, they have to hear Thibs yelling in the background of every game.
He needs to take a game or 2 off for rest in my opinion.
There are only so many minutes to give out for 15 guys. Late draft picks usually spend more time in the G-League developing.
IMO, he doesnt fit the ball movement style of play. He likes to get the ball &amp; force it in the paint. Hes also inconsistent &amp; makes dumb mistakes every game. I think he's good, just not the right fit for our team.
NEVA LOST! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xTrJJG_3ow8
Were better than our record shows. We've lost alot of close games that we shouldve won.
idk what ur trying to say here. thats not 82 games.
As dumb as it looks to me, its his hair, hes free to do whatever he wants.
Hes not getting traded. Just cuz you guys dont like him doesnt mean the Lakers dont like him.
Starting to think Im the only person on this sub that doesnt wear jerseys.
You dont have to hate anybody
Its disappointing, but any season where we dont finish as champions is disappointing.
Demonsteel Stirrups
Yes. I was assuming he meant Legion leveling.
You guys need to accept that Luke isnt going anywhere. You cant just keep changing coaches every 2 years. We have a young coach and a young team, they need to all grow together. If Luke is doing something wrong, I guarantee you that Magic will notice &amp; tell him how to change it.
They still call it sometimes. Just depends if they knock it away or not.
They should fine the really obvious flops. I dont understand why they seem to have stopped.
LeBron to Lithuania
"I love Marcus Smart even though he flops all the time" LOL
The ceiling is the roof.
PG already coming, we dont gotta do shit.
ESPN only
Alright, time to watch the game &amp; not read your negative comments on every lil thing.
