Lol I've never seen spy kids 2 but yeah exactly like that
I don't remember mine cycling thru all the numbers but I could be wrong. I've only tried it once on one jeep and it gave me the right code
She came and started farting
Totally random, but Your username is like a rearranging of "Peggy tanzer"..someone I Know
I used to drive a 1991 maroon crown Victoria, I thought getting pulled over once a month was totally normal. Then I got a less ridiculous vehicle and it's maybe once or twice a year
Going over rocks and such
Wait. He was just selling stolen credit cards?
I loved that game but I beat it in a couple hours and I'm not one for the challenges and stuff
Good skill if you decide to watch attack on titan, intro is like 8 minutes long
When I was a kid and that show was playing I always thought it looked super lame, then it blew me away when I was like 21, one of only 4 shows I've watched all the way thru
Starting small imo is really the only way to go. I didn't one day just decide to spend a couple hundred dollars on fish tank shit. I got a 10 gallon cuz I thought it would be cool. Then I bought a couple plants, upgraded tank sizes, found out about aquascaping and have little by little Been collecting everything I need to have my dream tank. Same with my jeep. I have a friend on the other hand who drops money into a hobby then quits after a month or so. A few months back he told me and another friend he was getting into leatherworking. Couple weeks later I asked if he's made anything and he says "nah, I need to buy more tools first ".... how can you invest so much in a hobby which you only like the idea of? He has no idea if he will even like leatherworking.
Offroading(or more building up your truck), lifting weights, just depends how much you wanna delve into it
Eh. I feel like planted tanks can get equally or more ridiculous than saltwater (although admittedly I know near nothing of saltwater tanks) What with light levels, light spectrums, co2 systems, conditions to breed different fish and inverts.. but the coolest part to me is simply the styling of the whole thing. Look up aquascaping contests, some of those tanks are so damn cool. If someone told me 3 years ago that setting up a fish tank is a form of art I would roll my eyes but it totaly is, and it's almost the only form of artistic expression that I really enjoy. I'm creating a little underwater world in which different critters will interact. Then after initial planting you get to watch it all grow out. You kind of set it up not in a way that looks super awesome, but in a way that will look super awesome when all of your plants start taking off. Edit: oops, I kinda misunderstood what you were saying, my rant pretty much confirms what you say instead of arguing against it.
I am on mobile haha thank you for My first gold!
Always sunny, breaking bad and trailer park boys although they're due for 2 more seasons. There may be one or 2 other shows but I can't think of them right now
I might have been also. My memory sucks and I guessed
Bitching
Oh shit. This is the best example of this I have ever heard
Take his advicd, stop comparing yourself to other people, your lift numbers are not very good. But that's totally ok because you're new to this. Just go lift weights until you can lift more than you used to
Oh they won't hatch though
Nerite eggs don't hatch in fresh water
Freshwater tanks doesn't always mean planted though, they're just usually just talking about looking nice
I have a cousin with that name. .he has our last name tattoo's across his chest. ..spelled wrong. I wish I could make this up
That's so fucking extreme
My mind fucking wanders. I Think of some particular incident then get curious about one random detail and that leads me on a trail of random bullshit
You want me to post my cousins first and last name? I'll just tell you it has "ei" and his says "ie". Both he and the "artist" were super drunk apparently, the dude did the outline and had most of it filled in before somehow my cousin noticed and told him to stop so he could somehow get it fixed. It may be fixed by now, this was like 2 years ago and I don't talk to him all that often
Hahaha oops totally replied to the wrong comment. I put 2 in there for now just as a test but they've since had some babies, my main tank has probably 100 or so and I'll just be grabbing the most red ones I can when I see them. The quality of my shrimp has degraded over the last couple years since I bought them as I rarely cull them and don't do a very through job.
I sure did!haha I noticed right after posting but decided to leave it anyway
Lol thanks!I'm very happy with the tank. I noticed I replied to the wrong thread but decided to leave it
I don't remember but I think they were a peice of petrified wood looking stuff that I smashed into a couple smaller peices
Here's the proper way to drink coffee Step 1. Go to the break room. 2 grab a paper cup 3 full cup with ice 4 pour coffee over ice 5 open a straw. This is to make sure it spends the least amount of time in contact with your teeth as possible to avoid staining 6 chug that shit as quickly as you can because it tastes fucking nasty but caffeine is definitely needed.
If you haven't heard the acoustic version of that song,look it up. One of my favorite songs of all time
That's the worst mallet ever
I know you're joking but once thought of all the scary shit we have in southwestern usa. Rattle snakes, javalinas, coyotes, bobcats, mountain lions, centipedes, gila monsters, scorpions, black widows, tarantulas(supposedly not dangerous but they creep me out), supposedly bears in the mountains.
Its true. I farted loudly in 5th grade .
"Despite having special needs, Simms says Nicholle is not capable of feeding herself without assistance" What?
Oh thank fuck. I've heard of it but haven't seen it but knowing it's fake helps a lot
They're creepy to me
I've only seen a few in my life so they are around here just rare. First one I saw was like 6 inches long. Creepy little fuckers
I don't have any experience with palidariums and very little knowledge but I recommend posting this over on r/plantedtank it isn't necessarily the perfect sub but it is much more active and I'm sure someone over there will be able to point you in the right direction. Edit : a couple points. I would recommend a 30 or 40g breeder Tank , they are less tall than some other tanks which will give you more ground area to work with. Also I really don't think a soil and stone floor is a good idea as water won't run over it as much as just seep into it and make mud
Mostly a joke. My first xj was a 98 sport. My current one is a 97 and is very much a base model. I miss my 98 but my 97 is slowly becoming my own.
No I really have no idea what I'm talking about. It was a joke because I've owned 2 xjs and preferred my 98
What I hate is girls saying "hey you ahould ____" instead of asking for something . "Oh that's what I should do?"
My job is literally 90% "be present" i used to bring my laptop but it's fucked, but I play video games, dick around on reddit and do homework and even sometimes sleep.. oh and I also get 3 meals a day for free (nevermind. I have to pay $1 for breakfast)
I hated alice in Wonderland
Looks good except i think it would look nicer if you could. Make the rocks look somehow related, either all tilted the same way or maybe like the peaks of a mountain
I own a lifted jeep(1997) cherokee :( but it only has 3 inches of lift. I like to go camping and really enjoy romping around the forest. I like hating on giant bro trucks too but I Kinda feel like the kettle calling the pot a douchebag Edit: forgot to use the term brodozer. It's a good word
That's a good fucking rule. I'm moving out soon with my gf and while I have definitely improved my cleanliness over the last year or two, it definitely isn't perfect
Toms friend, that's who
God damn
I read "feets" instead of feet, which seemed way cooler. This is by first time on this sub. I'm not a short dude but, fuck those girls. I would like to see some kind of reversal on this and what kind of reaction it gets
Hell yeah! Good for you that's awesome! Just know that no kiss will ever be that exciting again. It's still awesome to kiss someone you really care about but it more just feels really comfortable
God damn I miss that. I am completely I love with my girlfriend, kissing her feels so right but it's more comfortable than exciting. Good for you man! Just be sure she's on the same page. I lost my virginity with a girl I met that same night. I got her number and started texting her after that but it turned out to be a one time thing, thinking back that was definitely a good thing. I'm not saying this is your situation. Just be careful
I had that blanket. Damn fine blanket
I get too involved with stories. I explain every fucking detail because I want them to be as close go experiencing the whole thing as possible, which is good in theory but sometimes "some gut shit himself at the bar last night" is enough to stand on its own without any back story of what I was doing
Lol I'm glad I got to read that before it got deleted
No, it's a watch with... marbles and space and stuff? Just a shitty one
Definitely. I'm not huge into fighting games but that was probably my favorite, played the shit out of the first and second
My license doesn't expire until 2055. Hooray for arizona!
I feel like writing commercials would be really fun if you got creative with them. Basically writing a short with some product placed in there
It does not
This never happened for me. Everything else in my tank is doing wrll .. except Duckweed I literally cannot keep it in my main tank. It grows in my nano but is far from taking over
I absolutely love My xj but I miss my (03) xterra and reading this doesn't help. Although I sold it because it was a 2wd, 4 cylinder model. Even then it never gave me any problems off the beaten path. I even took it on a 3000 mile trip from Arizona to idaho and back. If only mine was 4wd I definitely would've kept it
I opened the link and literally said holy shit" out loud. That tank is amazing Edit: that's only 8.5 gallons? On my first look I thought it was like 50+
Agreed. I only feel small because most of the time when I'm comparing myself to someone it's at the gym, which is not a good sample of the general population. Then I go to a lake/pool party or whatever and realize I'm okay
6 foot at 185 is small?? I mean it isn't huge but i wouldn't say small Edit: for a bodybuilder, i realize it's small. I just mean as a person in general
Ah. That's kinda what I meant. Not compared to competing body builders but just the general population
What? It's only the plastic cover being replaced
True. But one is more important. I definitely appreciate good graphics but don't really judge a game based on them.
That said I don't consider myself a "serious" gamer
For the general population?
I just looked at your progress pics. You are not small, are you huge? No but you definitely are not small. I'd bet most randies you see on the street would be mirin.
Landmine press?
What kind of light is that?
You normally fill those jugs with purified drinking water so I wouldn't think so
Get hella drunk
Hmm that's a possibility.I'll give it a shot
Maybe instead of hooked up to traffic data you could just have them cycle thru green, yellow red?
Good point.
Home depot. They're egg crate style light diffusers in the florescent lighting section. It was a big peice that I cut up
Good point. I just threw the light on to see what I was doing and put it on the side I wasn't working on to keep it out of my way
Home depot it's a light diffuser I chopped up
I think i get what you're saying. I'm going to do some rearranging after work
HO LY FUCK
Seriously. The guy to the left has a camera too it looks like.
Hmm I don't think so? But thanks for bringing it up. I just poured vinegar on it and haven't had any bubbles
Nice doodle! What about the left side? I was thinking tall crypts in both back corners
I have an anubias but it isn't very big. Thing grows slooww. I was thinking about putting it kinda high in the tree and maybe wrapping moss only around the lower trunks
I ripped mine off, it looks so much better without but I've probably spent more time picking away at the glue than doing anything else to my jeep and still have more to go
Ugh I have about 20 thick black hairs that grow under my chin in contrast to the soft golden locks that grow on My head... I'm also a dude and that's all the facial hair I can grow. Damn German genes
That didn't fuck up your paint?
Great fucking idea I'm going to do that next year
Your dry start looks a little too wet
I did one it was pretty simple really. However I used way less water than op. I had no standing water and my substrate barely looked moist. I basically just misted it every day or every other day with a spray bottle and left the top open for a little to cycle the air. I also didn't use plastic wrap, just the glass lid and it did a good enough job at preventing evaporation
Infections can be pretty gross
They crashed
Plus I'm a baller on a budget
Break a couple twigs off of the wood to make it fit or once you smash the one rock up, use a bunch of little peices to fit into the roots. Edit : also thank you, setting up hardscape is probably my favorite part of aquascaping
You can always break them off but still use them in the scape. In my 40b there are like 6 peices of wood but I tried to make it all look like one peice
Also keep in mind that depending on how you plant it, the plants may overtake the hardscape
