Just looks rusty, no?
Seriously? Where do you work a convent?
They look like people who are average Americans to me. Probably have jobs and such. Trash level not detected
That's a serious set of tits. Three thumbs up!
It's obviously rust and corrosion
Ewww
Damn that looks amazing
What's a R2? (R2D2)? And how old is this girl?
What this from Hustler magazine?
She's sounds a little lost. Trash level: low.
Ignorance level: **maximum.**
Á la Jurassic park
Too bad nowadays it probably has a pretty tame formula. Back when they started making it, it would have alcohol, chloroform and heroin. With a touch a aspirin.
Yes it's skin crawling gross, isn't it?
Haha well I don't know about there but Hamilton has a disproportionate amount of white trash scum bags to normal people. Kinda, really sucks.
I agree. I know it must be difficult going to your life is a man when mentally and emotionally inside you are a woman. But it's becoming easier in society now to become the person you think you are inside and also physically change your appearance to match what you were feeling mentally. I'm not saying it's as easy as going to the doctor and getting a mole removed, but this individual in the picture based on what I know about him definitely deserves the courage award. It takes so much courage to overcome what he has and accomplish everything he has done after losing two limbs. My apologies for any spelling mistakes I am using voice to text.
Oh I agree with you 100%. And I'm sure it does happen other places with the exception of countries that allow you to just buy the toy by itself. When I was 10 years old I would buy small bags of chips to get a sticker with a picture of my favorite wrestlers on it (Jake the snake, Andre the giant etc). And there came a point when I was throwing the chips in the garbage and just keeping the stickers.
Dude. You've got a booger in your nose.
The ripped up shred of paper for a price tag looks like something an idiot would make.
I wish I had some of that stuff. Wouldn't make my vegetarian girlfriend happy. I have an alligator head at home. Small one. I like the one you have standing up. Where did you get the elephant foot? I was guessing rhino btw.
Especially since they're all the same price you just gotta pick a blonde, brunette, big tits or ass. And youre good to go.
Are you talking about a specific movie? Hope so. Shia lebeouf is such a shitty actor. Wickwicky. Fuck he's terrible.
My ex-wife had to go through the same thing at your daughters age. I know how stressed out and afraid you must be but everything will go fine. This day and age with the medical technology and practices it we have you have nothing to worry about
Both of them being close to the same age if not the same age exactly makes it less infuriating. But I'd be very mad still.
So hot
You sure she's alive?
They look like they do not give a shit and that they wish he hadn't really done that. What a lame move.
Is that Zach Braff?
Wart!!
A filthy carpet?
Acne. Go to a doctor&gt;dermatologist and they can help hopefully.
Props for posting a brave photo btw
Ouch. Near your pussy?
That's all you need sometimes. Good luck with it all
Is this real at all? I've never seen the photo
They're both female. Just jumping on the other. Hardly a WTF moment. Lame!
Really? Wow. I never knew any while I was single. Would have liked to find out
I hear ya. Must have gotten to you and slowly felt like "you" we're hurting them, am i right? I'd last there a short while only.
Gross. Never!!
Awesome. Nice find.
Bad shop job
I find this very hot.
Should have just showed 3 pics from different angles on your arm to get a perspective of it. It's cool though.
Is that his skin or the "peel"?
Thanks for clearing that up. Is it his skin or the "peel"?
My girlfriend has at least one as well. Doesn't seem to go away. It's been there a few months at least. I'm convinced that it's a "pimple" or something similar. And if it was squeezed old keratin would come out. Like a blackhead etc
Do you have keratosis pilaris? I do and I have to squeeze the clogged hair follicles to get rid of the gross bumps they make on my arms and other areas. I hate it. Tanning is the only way that gets rid of them. Not sure why. If I go to a tanning bed a couple times a week for say 5 mins on medium strength it fixes me up.
I don't doubt that they might be uneducated and annoying but the idea of what's really trashy is being pushed a little to far. I mean a pregnant chick smoking is one thing but fat people with balloons and a few shitty tattoos isnt really the worst thing ever
How do you find the really good artists like you have here?
Text this big is kinda....too big. It looks good technically but it's just too large.
Sucks
She's very good. Super popular. This is on her Instagram
It's really cool
Probably unluckiest. That shitbox could have at least got a few hundred for its insurance claim. Now he's stuck with it still.
That was awesome! Ahahahahahaha
These two shouldn't be allowed to text. Their thumbs must be the size of carrots
Why the fuck do people add strangers to Facebook and then have these arguments with them? Why not just delete them instead of a three page argument or better yet don't add people you have zero interest in
Jeremy Wade was hunting for some really massive suckers on his show, when he was going after Alligator gar.
The difference between a dedicated rock musician, and a spoiled rapper who storms off stage when a fan says something offensive to him.
I'm so jealous. That's an amazing haul! Where do you live to get such great berries already?
He looks like a huge douche bag. My condolences OP. I have an idiot step brother also. Luckily I never have to see him. He's a stoner idiot too. Got arrested for having a grow-op in his rental house few years back. He's a total idiot so I feel your pain. http://imgur.com/b6wynTp http://imgur.com/RjSAlry
How many lengths of vagina lips does that tattoo have? I'm counting 3 flaps long.
I've been to jail for a short period a few years ago. I'm a recovering addict so it was inevitable. Anyway I would have never ever let me kids come see me that way. That being said it's a baby in this photo. So it wouldn't know what's going on per se.
It just looks like a black and grey blob with a scary face. Kind of sucks
Weak
Beautiful! I love the colour tech.
Germs. And poo on the handle.
Why's it green?
So no video or after pics?
Damn. Those are huge blackheads. I've never had one that big. Sadly I have almost perfect skin.
Why am I down voted? I know the guy
How do get so close to some one chasing the dragon with him seeing you?
He's not free basing. He chasing the dragon
Idiot
Holy crap. A blue whale?
Looks like a smiling crab- monster. Way to traumatize children.
I hope your last name is Rhodes.
He is a quote from one of the UK men that hired Louise Hunter for a "party". Make sure you're not eating as you read. "When I arrived I found the living room covered in plastic sheeting, and the two girls in the living room chatting and the rest of the guys drinking and chatting. Having got changed into my latex the party got underway, with both girls pissing on each other, and inviting us chaps to piss on them. French kissing Kira, covered in piss was a memory I'll keep for a while, as was licking piss off her amazing tits, all the while being encouraged to do more. I rimmed Kira's ass hole deeply while she rimmed another chap preparing to shit, she tasted great, with other peoples piss running down her back too. Once the shitting began, both girls were keen to stuff their faces, covering each other, sharing shit from numerous guys and asking for more! I had time constraints meaning I had to leave before emptying my arse, but really regret not doing so- these girls are the real deal! Looking forward to the next one."
What a rats nest.
Thanks. And yes it makes sense what you've said.
I first thought the guy on the ground was crawling under the guy taking a crap. I was like "these two into scat?" Until I saw he was passed out on his stomach.
Looks like they did a good job with that old Asian man though.
Obviously it is Photoshopped. It's a real kids toy but what would be the use for having a mouth like that?
Looking at the artwork on her wall, it's safe to say that she's definitely crazy. .....I'd still bang her.....
Then you have a boring life.
Ahhh sure. Why not.
Momentarily confused boner
I'm in Canada and that's also true here. It's fucking bullshit. No wonder so many dads that can afford support don't give it and would rather just buy the kids clothes and pay for hockey and camps etc
How?!? Show the foot before and after please
His breath is growing moss.
Somehow I doubt that very much
🎤call HG Wentworth. 877-CASH-NOW!🎶
not on video and then sell it
Sorry should have mentioned I recently went through the EXACT situation with my GF and her family etc
That's funny I did a project on the whales when I was in grade 3. And now I'm a marine biologist. .....actually I have no job :(
Because you're low class. Only reason I can think of.
Why does the skinny older guy go for it? When bald beefy man just stands there?
Honestly, I've seen this before. And without a doubt I'm 110% sure it's probably, most likely a velociraptor.
I think he found his cat. Btw tell him to mow his lawn more than once a year.
No pic of yard? Downvote! DOWNVOOOOTE!
