Hahaha oh man that is some genius writing right there. Let's just forget the fact that the Stormtrooper who gets shot and wipes his blood on Finn's helmet is white. That's just a failure to pay attention. What I find funny about this article is the fact that if, as this fella would like to believe, the Stormtroopers are all black then how is that a good thing when you consider the fact that all of the First Order apart from one mixed-race woman are white. So his idea of this amazing Afrofuturist parable is essentially a world where black people are used as expendable soldiers who are fully controlled by white people with English accents. Bravo, sir!
Any country which requires kids to pledge allegiance to a flag at school is fucked in the head.
Hahaha those guys just love plucking bullshit out of thin air don't they?
You're completely wrong there chief. Smoking increases the chances of you developing lung cancer or heart disease. Nobody has ever said that smoking is the sole cause of lung cancer and nobody in their right mind has proclaimed that non-smoking-related lung cancer has nothing to do with any other carcinogenic materials they may have ingested.
Pretty sure that's not how he's living his life, mate. What is he supposed to be in perpetual fear of?
Seriously? Again? This is yet another example of someone misrepresenting the packaging inserts that come with the vaccines. That is not a list of things CAUSED by the vaccine but a list of things which have been observed post-vaccination. So if someone took the vaccine, got the flu and then reported that t the manufacturer, they'd have to put 'influenza' on that list. It even says right there that there is nothing to suggest a causal relationship. Some people just aren't very good at reading I suppose.
I, Partridge: We Need to Talk About Alan It's the fictional autobiography of much-loved UK TV character Alan Gordon Partidge (played by Steve Coogan). The book is just incredibly funny and had me in tears on almost every page. It got to the point where I was pissing off housemates with my constant laughter. It is an incredibly funny and well-written book which captures the characters insecurity, vanity, pettiness and arrogance perfectly. Needless to say, I had the last laugh...
DDP winning the title in a 4-way match with Sting, Goldberg and Kevin Nash on a Nitro in 1999. He lost the title to Sting in a really good (Ganso bomb from Sting!) 1-1 match earlier in the night but then got the chance to win it back in the main event against the 3 biggest guys in the company. DDP was always my favourite, along with Sting, and I went absolutely crazy when he won the belt back, and the crowd did too if I remember. I miss WCW...
Well, partly that's the case. Being overweight is seen as a sign of vitality and health. The connection with wealth isn't so pronounced though; especially in smaller communities where people are a lot more familiar with each other. It seems like you're trying to make a point but I'm not quite seeing what it is...
It's the final sentence I was wondering about. Anyway, never mind.
Unfortunately Harris Hawks aren't allowed to practice bird law. Sorry.
You nailed it. I felt the same about the Jedi in the Prequels. After all that wondering what the Jedi were really like and being so excited to see them, they turned out to be oblivious arseholes. "You're not training Anakin, it's too dangerous." "But Qui-Gon died and I promised him." "Ah, okay the, train the boy. What could go wrong?" They were so inconsistent and so blind to everything that was going on and were just douches. Mace Windu is he worst culprit. What a tool. Luke is totally right. The Jedi thought they were all-knowing and wise an it turned out they were just arrogant and blinded to reality. It makes perfect sense that Luke should feel the why he does in TLJ and that Yoda agrees with him.
Couldn't disagree more there, chief! Luke died because they parked on the beach!?! How do you make that stretch? Poe's plan didn't work and was unnecessary. That's the point you're missing. Finn and Rose should never have been sent on the mission. The plan was already in place for the evacuation. Poe's mission actually cost more lives because it led to the Rebel plan being given to the First Order. Luke has nothing to do with Finn/Rose and their storyline. Everything Luke does is going on without them having any influence over his actions whatsoever. Terrible writing, indeed. People are throwing that line out so much these days and the sad thing is that they do so whilst also displaying a clear lack of understanding of movie writing and plotting.
Why? Do you think that soldiers in war have access to high-level strategy? Was everyone on D-Day given a full breakdown of the entire operation, or were they just told their parts and given the task of carrying out their own missions? Exactly. Holdo was in charge. The vast majority of the crew followed her because they respected the chain of command. It's only Poe, a couple of pilots and Connix who mutiny. Everyone else is getting to the transports with no fuss. Poe is the one who has the problem,not Holdo.
Captain. He got demoted. Poe doesn't recognise Holdo, if you remember. He's heard of her, but he's surprised when he sees that this famous military commander is a slim woman with purple hair. He's all 'THAT'S Admiral Holdo!?!'. Holdo says she knows who Poe is. That's why she knows that he was demoted by Leia. She just knows that the future of the Rebellion should lie in the hands of level-headed strategists who look at the big picture, not arrogant pilots who look at everything through their cross hairs and do things such as losing an entire fleet of bombers on a mission.
Hahaha, there's 'poorly written' again. Despite the fact that her character was very solid, consistent, well-acted and well-written. She's from a planet that was exploited and persecuted by the First Order, so her and her sister joined the Resistance. Her sister made the ultimate sacrifice and Rose has to deal with that in the context of the larger fight. That's not a poorly written piece of exposition and it's not shallow either.
Well, he was in the First Order from when he was essentially a baby. With the First Order having a mobile base/command centre with a crew of 2.5 million, then it would't be a stretch to imagine that Finn trained on the Supremacy at some point. He's had a good 25-odd years on those ships and bases so it doesn't surprise me that he'd know the layouts.
She didn't though. What would the net benefit of Finn killing himself have been? Would it have destroyed the big gun or would his rickety little speeder have disintegrated first? Luke Skywalker had already made his decision, so they wouldn't have stopped that whole thing. She fucked up his chance to eedlesly sacrifice himself, sure.
Yep. People just missing details that are right in front of them and blaming their lack of understanding as 'bad writing'.
No he wasn't!!!!! Clearly! He was on the inside and was fed nothing but propaganda from birth! He had no clue how the galaxy worked.
Exactly. And they try and cover their personal distate with accusations of 'lazy writing' etc. When in reality, the fault lies with their own inability to understand what's going on in a film.
&gt;Why didn’t the resistance ships have time to refuel before evacuating? Well, how much fuel did they have on the base? &gt;Why didn’t they evacuate earlier? It seems they went as quickly as possible. &gt;Why are they even evacuating considering the First Order has been completely devastated at the end of The Force Awakens? They haven't been. Look at Snoke at the end of TFA. He's not all 'We're screwed! We're completely devastated by this attack!' Instead, he just tells Hux o bring Kylo Ren back for more training.
So, it's rushed, but also goes on too long? But then it could have been made better by trying to squeeze EVEN MORE into the segment by inserting Captain Phasma trying to chase them down? So what is it? Was it rushed? Was it too long? Or did it need more story squeezing in there (somehow making it neither longer, nor more rushed)? Hmmm...
The First Order didn't haven DJ anywhere. He was just there because that's where he was. He's a chancer and a wheeler-dealer. A casino seems like the right place for him. He wasn't a rebel agent. Watch the film again.
Absolutely. I was exactly the same.
Hahahaha, oh right, so because we didn't see rich arms dealers from 30 years in the future on a mining platform or on a peaceful planet with little-to-no military to speak of, it's incongruous? Gimme a break. There's a whole galaxy out there.
..... Leia is no rebel. Er......
That's not a very good comparison. The Republic is a galactic government, not a national one. Their leadership is completely decimated as well as a big chunk of their fleet (we see this in TFA) which is in orbit around the Republic capital. The New Republic has been crippled. Those who are left evidently ignore the Resistnce cry for help and have abandoned 'the cause'. The Resistance is now the new Rebellion and must do things for themselves.
Leia was rich. She wasn't bad. It's not 'rich = bad" it's "people who get rich selling weapons to the First Order = bad".
Absolutely. "Duh.... Picasso is rubbish! That doesn't even look like a real person. Lazy painting!"
No. He attacked Kylo Ren because he was trying to protect Rey. Rey is his motivation, not the greater goo or the ideals of the Resistance/Republic. He wasn't a coward for escaping the First Order. He as brave. Then he faced up to them on Takodana. He's not running away out of cowardice, he's running away out of selfishness. That's what changes in TLJ.
It seems you missed the point.
Good job it doesn't go on for an hour, then.
How?
He realises why he personally needs to get away from the First Order. However, it's over the course of TLJ that he decides that fighting for the downtrodden is more important than escaping the First Order's tyrannical regime. It's not about him realising the FO is bad, it's about him resolving to fight against it.
Which ways?
Caring about animals being mistreated isn't 'PETA'. It fits the attitude of the Rebellion/Resistance perfectly. One of Ghandi's most famous quotes was: “The greatness of a nation and its moral progress can be judged by the way its animals are treated.” The Canto Bight story echoes that very well.
It'd be easier if so many people criticising the film hadn't just completely missed what was right in front of their eyes. They were probably so busy trying to figure out how Snoke could be Plagueis that it passed them by.
No, that was the point of the scene.
Well, the problem I have is that people are missing key details and chalking it down to bad writing. When the reality is that they just didn't see it. I think the vocal majority is here now because - as has been discussed at length - they spent 2 years speculating about TFA only to have all their theories shot down or ignored. TFA was great fan service. TLJ was something different and that has rankled with people.
Ah, we agree then. My apologies!
So Poe was wrong when he said the weapon was charged and Finn's sacrifice would be pointless? Yes, Luke sacrifices himself after Finn is rescued, but he was already going to do what he did. He didn't die because of Finn. Finn thought he was going to make a difference. He wasn't. He was blinded by his desire to beat the First Order and didn't think about the bigger picture. By the end of TLJ, he gets to where Poe was at the start of the movie. "Any victory, no matter how small, is worth fighting for". But Poe has learned his lesson and tell Finn not to sacrifice himself needlessly. It fits together very nicely.
You've missed a huge chunk of what's going on. Poe's mission fails because that's the point. That's the story. Poe needs to learn his lesson. He sends Finn and Rose off on a pointless mission. His rashness puts everyone in danger and he has to learn that lesson. Again, it's not laziness. It's just people missing key themes. As I saw the film, DJ probably was the codebreaker they were supposed to meet. The fancy guy at the table with the slick hair, moustache and beautiful women in tow didn't seem to be to the be the kind of person to be having sex with Maz Kanata (as she implies). I could see DJ losing his brooch whilst gambling and getting himself thrown in jail more than I could see that other guy being the master codebreaker.
She said he would be wearing the brooch, yes. You don't think someone like DJ would bet that at the casino before getting his ass thrown in jail? Maz said she trusted him. She evidently has a history with him. The suave guy in the casino didn't look like that person, to me. This illegal parking thing is hilarious. You've really focused on the wrong thing here, haha. You cold go back through any film - including the original trilogy - and find a dozen characters who the whole story relies on. "GOD!!! In Star Wars, we're expected to believe that the Jawas make their money by salvaging, fixing up and selling-on droids. But then we're supposed t just accept that they'd try and sell an R5 droid with a bad motivator? Like they'd somehow miss such a common detail like that? LAZY WRITING. Uncle Owen should never have bought R2D2! It's just poor." "Why does Darth Vader spare Chewie in ESB? He doesn't need him. LAZY WRITING!" "How does the Empire build a whole base on Endor without the Ewoks fighting back, but then some strangers come and all of a sudden they want to fight? LAZY WRITING!" I think you're just looking in the wrong places, here.
Yes, that's the theme which Lucas was trying to get across. He just did it extremely poorly.
Well, you can keep seeing the parking thing as being the crux of the whole film if you like. You'll be pretty much on your own, but that's your prerogative.
Like Luke, then? He has no Jedi training beyond a short lesson on the Falcon, yet he can call the lightsaber to his hand on Hoth? MARY SUE!
If Rogue One had nothing to do with Star Wars, it wouldn't be a great movie either.
No, it's the opposite! The fanboys have been the most vocal critics because the movie wasn't what they wanted.
Poe tell Finn that the weapon is charged and there is no point in him going on his own. Finn's ship is also disintegrating as he flies towards the weapon. He's not going to beat them, he's going to die needlessly.
&gt; Snoke being able to connect Rey and Ren despite never having met or being close by Rey How is that a plot hole? It'll tel you how. It's not. It's just a question you have. Are there any rules for force-connections being broken here? Nope. No in-universe rules are broken. There is no plot hole whatsoever. Snoke hasn't met Rey but he can sense her. He affected Ben Solo from a distance so we already have precedence for this kind of thing. &gt;hyperspace ramming being a thing Again, not a plot hole at all. If it was something people had known about for years, it still wouldn't be a valid tactic for a plucky band of freedom fighters operating on a limited budget and with limited resources. If they had a Star Forge, then fine. But as it is, they just don't have the resources to take their capital ships and use them as weapons. It's not a plot hole at all. Read up on what plot holes are. &gt;Holdo never telling Poe the plan She doesn't have to and has reasoning not to. It's Poe who doesn't get this and acts irresponsibly. Not Holdo. &gt;Holdo having to stay behind and "steer" despite the ship traveling in a straight line in space and SW has advanced auto pilots Which autopilots are these? The movie showed pilots staying behind to command ships tat were being sacrificed. I can't remember seeing anything in the Star Wars films which contradicts this. &gt;why dont the rebel transport ships jump to hyper space like the escape pod did instead of going to the salt planet? Which escape pod? Were those transports equipped with hyperdrives? It seems not. &gt;First Order calling off the tie fighter attack for no reason The reason was CLEARLY stated in the film. Watch it again and don't call it a plot hole when it's just you not paying attention. &gt;First Order calling off the tie fighter attack for no reason They didn't think they needed to. Hux was happy pursuing them and letting them die slowly. &gt;leia surviving in space She uses the Force. You might as well just say that The Force is a plot hole. &gt;unresolved issues from the last movie like reys parents It was resolved. Did you miss that bit of the movie? They were nobodies. They sold her for drinking money or whatever. Resolved. Rey has to stop looking to others to give her meaning and has to find it in herself. That was a major plot point. You missed it, obviously. &gt; R2D2 activating He was waiting for Luke. Seriously. Did you actually watch the Force Awakens and listen to what people said? &gt;snokes backstory Not a plot hole at all. Just something you wanted to learn about but didn't. Not knowing who the Emperor was in ROTJ wasn't a plot hole. &gt;lukes students ??? Some sided with Ben Solo, the others died. Were's the plot hole? &gt;lukes map he left despite new movie stating he was going off to die The map wasn't left by Luke. The map was to the first Jedi Temple. Lor San Tekka figured it out. The map wasn't 'to Luke', it was to his most likely location.
Well that's our opinion based on this movie. You accept the coincidence in other films but not in this one. Maybe ask yourself why that is.
&gt;Why don't we just take a look at the scores then. The Last Jedi has 4.6 on metacritic, 7.6 on imdb, and 51% in rotten tomatoes. It's lower than all the Prequels on rotten tomatoes and metacritic, and it has the same score as Revenge of the Sith on imdb. So yeah, we don't even have to wait to see how many people actually think the Prequels are better than TLJ. Forget Rotten Tomatoes. My Mum doesn't go on RT to post her scores. This is an internet thing. Don't get so caugh up in everything being measured on the internet that you forget the fact that everyday people watch this film and think it's great. There are already plenty of articles highlighting how audience scores have been influenced by online campaigns. &gt;You're doing just that right now. You're saying that there is a "certain feel" to Star Wars. That's false. Star Wars can be anything. Well, I agree and disagree. It's all subjective. The prequels didn't fel like Star Wars to me. The locations didn't feel right, the characters, the ships etc. didn't seem right. The displays in the ships were all way in advance to what we saw in the OT and that didn't make sense to me,for example. To me, TLJ feels more like Star Wars than AOTC. &gt;Vader is still human. He's allowed to have feelings. Well, I guess that's what's rankling. He has feelings, but not to that same extent. He killed the Emperor to save his son, but 'NOOOOOOOOOOO!' just felt so out of place! &gt;I know. And people who hate The Last Jedi for not going the way they thought are just as petty. We agree. I just see people who didn't like TLJ for not being the film they wanted, trying to level all these weak criticisms at it to say it's an objectively bad film and not just one they didn't want. &gt;And he only tells him after Luke has already been told so by Vader. Had Luke never confronted Yoda about it, he would have never told him. True. He keeps his cards close to his chest. Hell, in TLJ, he knows Rey as taken the Jedi texts but he doesn't tell Luke. In fact, he allows Luke to still believe the texts are in the tree even as it's burning. &gt;Yeah, I guess no one is around to train or be trained. But that doesn't change the fact that there are still a bunch of kids being born with the Force. Just look at Chirrut and Baze. They weren't Jedi during the OT, but they still believed and could use the Force. Indeed, but those two are around 35 years before the sequels. They live in a world where there are still Jedi temples around. By TFA, that has all but vanished.
&gt;I literally said I understood that in my previous comment. First movie he's trying to run from danger. Second movie he's trying to run from danger to help his friend. It's boring. Well, you said that he was coming around to the Resistance, that's not what's happening. If I've misread, then fair enough. In the second movie he isn't just running to help his friend. That's where he is at the start but not for the rest of the film. &gt;I don't know what you think I was trying to convey. I think it's a poor character arc to have Finn follow an attractive woman around like a lost puppy for an entire movie twice in a row. Clearly in both films there's a romantic connection of some sort. It seems pretty clear to me that Finn is with Rose because of her expertise, not because he wants to sleep with her. He even recoils a bit when she kisses him. He's not romantically interested so how attractive you find Kelly Marie Tran is irrelevant.
I agree that in the bigger picture, Poe destroying the dreadnought was a benefit, but in that moment he was acting out of bravado and cocksure-ness. He made the wrong decision in the moment, which ended up being the right decision overall. The Resistance didn't know about hyperspace tracking so it was a rash choice at the time.
Just because you missed something, doesn't mean you're stupid. You just should maybe not go around saying a filmmaker is bad at their job just because something went over your head.
Yeah. It's pretty simple. There were lots of people who missed Rey having the Jedi texts on the Falcon. People miss things,
&gt;“Fuel” has never been an issue in Star Wars. The Millennium Falcon was able to fly around for weeks or months without refueling on its way to Bespin. I dunno how long it was between them being on Hoth and Bespin. But I'd assume that the Facon was fully fueled on Hoth and then refueled on Bespin. So I'm not sure where the issue is. Where were the Raddus and the other two ships last refueled and what did they do before they went to D'Qar? We can't answer that so it's not really a contentious point. &gt;After destroying Starkiller Base, everyone on the resistance base was in a relaxed mood, Leia hugs Rey, and she gets some kind of farewell with everyone standing around. If they are so worried about a retaliation, then they should already be evacuating. They took a moment, yeah. And the they started evacuating, as we see in TLJ. &gt;The Force Awakens doesn’t give the audience a sense of scale of the First Order. It looks like they’ve been dealt a massive blow — their base was destroyed, with 99% of the troops that were stationed there are all dead. If the same had happened to the resistance base, then we’d assume they’d be totally wiped out. Obviously JJ Abrams really didn’t know himself exactly how big the First Order’s military power would be, because he knew some other director would carve it out and make the decision. Possibly, although it's never stated that Starkiller Base is the home o the First Order, and Snoke's absence would imply that it's not and that it's another weapon like the Death Star. &gt;I’m sure we’ll find out later that the First Order fleet will dwarf the size of the Galactic Empire’s fleet, because of course it does. I'm sure it does now that Starkiller Base wiped out much of the fleet.
How so? As of TLJ, the Republic has been decimated by Starkiller Base. They didn't listen to the likes of Leia and they paid the price. The Resistance no has very few - if any - allies.
I'm not sure what you mean as I though Finn's development was pretty clear.
You're completely misrepresenting the film. Putting things out of order. Skipping chunks. Whatever man. If you think that Finn saying 'Rebel scum' had no clear build up then I'm afraid I can't help you. It's so tiring, all this. People used to just say, 'I didn't like that line' and now they feel the need to show how that line demonstrates fundamental flaws in the entire movie when nothing could be farther from the truth. I hope you enjoy the next films more.
Read the books if you want more. Bloodlines in particular explains the New Republic and military setup. The information you want is out there.
It's not quite the same thing. Luke isn't abandoning the Rebellion by going to save his friends, he's cutting short his Jedi training. I didn't say Finn was selfish, just that he has his own motivations which initially aren't to do with the Resistance vs. First Order.
Think about what happened and what was said in that movie. The Jedi are finished. The Jedi Order died with Luke. His lesson to Rey was to treat the Force differently. Yes a new kind of Jedi will emerge now, but Luke really was The Last Jedi and the old ways died with him. Yes, Rey has the books, but they are the original/ancient texts and that's not the same as the bloated and arrogant Jedi Order which grew up over millennia. Edit: didn't make much sense.
No, they'd say, 'fair enough, you don't have to'.
Or just say you don't like it and not go on a pseud's rant about bad-writing.
Nah, I made a point about the fact that there are lots of people who are throwing out things like, "It's just lazy writing" when it simply appears they've missed things in the film which were obvious to others. People saying various things are plot holes ("Why did Luke just die?") when they've just missed important bits of information in the film. There's no strawman either, I'm just making fun.
Yeah, I didn't mind it one bit. They were really pushed for time. They had to get in and our as quickly as possible so they landed their ship anywhere they could and made their way to the Casino as quickly as possible. But yeah, we all have different things which can bring us out of a film.
Yeah, it's the same with Luke. I'm so bored of his TERRIBLE character who doesn't go anywhere. EP IV: Luke goes on a mission to rescue somebody (Leia) EP V: Luke goes on a mission to rescue somebody (Leia [AGAIN!], Han, Chewie, C3PO) EP VI: Luke goes on a mission to rescue somebody (Vader) and now.... EP VIII: Luke finished his life by going on a mission to rescue somebody. He's probably the worst character ever written. Such lazy writing.
Ah, right. I thought you might be. I enjoyed the back story, but the stuff I actually enjoyed most about it came in the EU/Legends. The stuff in the films was pretty boring and confusing. Like, who the fuck was Sifo Dias? It got explained in the books (Plagueis, I think) but that part was just plain confusing. Anyway, as for plot hole.... Oh man! There are really too many to list and they begin right at the start of TPM! The Nemoidians plan is to kill Obi Wan and Qui-Gon, right? But they wait for the Jedi to leave their ship and sit in a conference room. Then they try and poison the Jedi and they blow up the ship they arrive in. Erm.... Guys? You could have fixed this whole thing by just blowing up the ship as it landed in your hanger bay. D'oh! And then it goes from there.... Ad nauseum right up to Obi-Wan forgetting he can force-run (like at the start of the movie) right when he needs it most if he's going to reach Qui-Gon and Maul before the energy shields close in the Theed power station.
Haha, we didn't have that in the UK. However, I 'watched' Starcade '99 via a 'live stream' which was a semi-regular text commentary along with a live, blurry image which refreshed every minute. At the time I thought I had entered the future. I was watching a WCW pay per view LIVE! Normally we had to wait for the VHS to come out (if ever) so this was seriously cool. The only strong image which sticks in my mind is Jarrett fighting with Benoit during the ladder match.... *sigh* Great times...
So.... kinda like the Empire then?
Ugh, that awful theme.
I really enjoyed the Suzuki match! I don't watch week in week out and I lived the change in style which came with that match. I loved how Suzuki choked out Goto and was just typing with him for most of the match. Not a classic battle but I really enjoyed Suzuki's character.
So Wedge Antilles is also a bit redundant or just a bad character? He survived TWO Death Star attacks where he was involved right up to the end and the Battle of Hoth. We don't get a big backstory to explain everything about why he's a great pilot. We just accept his a great pilot. These kinds of reactions seem to show me that we've been spoiled rotten. We've had so much Star Wars content with all this backstory and detail that people are now annoyed they're not getting that detail in the films when in reality, we never got those details in the first place. Sure, the prequels shoved a lot of exposition in there, and they were poor movies. I've rather have a good movie that trusts its audience to be intelligent and capable of following and being invested in a film without having the plot and backstory explained to them at every step along the way. That's what Da Vinci Code or Transformers is for.
Well all three of the TIEs Kylo Ren attacked with were destroyed so evidently there is a threat.
Nope. The Prequels took 3 films to explain where the Empire and Darth Vader came from. They were Prequels, which mean we already know where everything ends up once they're finished. They are explaining how things got to a point that we already know about. The Sequels are set 30 years AFTER Return of the Jedi. We know nothing about that time period, just as we knew nothing when the Original Trilogy was released. It is absolutely NOT the job of the sequel films to explain what happened in the 30 years prior to them starting! No reason at all and certainly no more reason to explain everything than the first film had. These films are moving forward into unknown territory, not simply giving us backstory like the prequels (which were rubbish!) so getting bogged down in explaining the past simply isn't an option. Read the books if that's what you're after.
&gt; We know that both the Republic's Jedi and the Empire were actively looking for force-sensitive individuals, so it doesn't really make sense that Snoke just appears from nowhere...let alone appears from nowhere to build the First Order and create numerous superweapons within decades of the fall of the Empire. It prevents you from suspending disbelief because it's not really internally consistent anymore. Well we know that Snoke was based in the Unknown Regions. That is the UNKNOWN Regions, which I think infers some kind of mystery or unknown quality to the region. Almost as if it'd be a great place to lay low. We also know that Palpatine felt a strong dark side presence in the Unknown Regions and sent people out to investigate. So the fact that the Jedi didn't find Snoke when he was living outside of Republic space makes sense. But why do you say Snoke 'appears from nowhere'? Who says he did that? Again, this is 30 years on from ROTJ. He no more 'appears from nowhere' than any other character in the films. You're filling in the blanks yourself and using your own fabrications as arguments against the film. It's already been stated that the First Order attracted a lot of the remnants of the Empire and the fact that they've had 30 years to expand their forces through conquest of the Unknown Regions doesn't seem very far-fetched to me at all. &gt;Snoke? We learned in TFA that Kylo went to the dark side while he was training with Luke. That makes sense by itself. But with TLJ, we learn that it was actually Snoke who turned Kylo to the dark side. That doesn't really make sense -- how the hell was he tempted by Snoke if he was training with Luke? That was actually revealed in The Force Awakens. Snoke has been influencing Kylo Ren pretty much since before he was born (more details in the Bloodlines novel, if I remember correctly). By the time Luke realises how corrupted Kylo had become, it was too late.
Well, Kylo Ren does the same thing to Poe and tries to do it to Rey. Vader reads Luke's mind in Return of the Jedi and Palpatine talks to Luke as though he can read his thoughts.
What Snoke hype? The hype came from the fans, not the people making the movie.
&gt;It could go an infinite number of places really, and they'd all be new. Yeah, but would they be good? &gt; I don't think Luke should have been Kylo's motive to turn to the darkside. I'm not sure he was. Snoke had been influencing Ben since he was in Leia's womb and when Luke read his mind, he saw that he was already lost to the dark side. Luke definitely provided the moment for Ben to become Kylo Ren though. &gt; And Kylo's argument to her should have been to rule as good, and use the FO to restore freedom to the galaxy, and it would have splintered between those behind Kylo/Rey, and those loyal to Snoke. I don't think anyone in the First Order wants to use it to spread peace and happiness through the galaxy. They just spend years building a sun-sucking superweapon which wiped out the organisation responsible for securing freedom for the galaxy. I don't think you're going to get too many First Order officers or stormtroopers deciding to completely change their entire outlook on life because the scary guy in the mask has decided he wants to be good. Why would anyone be behind Kylo/Rey in that situation? They don't even know who Rey is. Also, Kylo Ren isn't really someone who inspires loyalty is he? He uses fear to bring people in line. The First Order officers you see interacting with him are terrified of him. Why would people decide to follow him after all he's said and done? &gt;And Hux should not have been made to be a buffoon. He should be a Tarkin stand-in imo. Tarkin was cool but he's already been a character and he died due to his own arrogance. &gt;And perhaps the Knights of Ren are now the big threat backed up by 2/3 of the FO. with Rey, Kylo, Luke and the rest of them backed up by an army of good stormtroopers. I respect the imagination but, no thanks. Knights of Ren appear out of nowhere and take control of the First Order? Why would they not follow their master? Would they even be much of a threat to three Jedi? Especially when one is a Jedi Master. I also really don't see where a bunch of 'good stormtroopers' are going to appear from. &gt;Was Finn the only one who was good? Looks that way. Or at least he's one of only a veeeeery few. I appreciate looking for a different direction to take the films and thanks for sharing your ideas, but I just don't see a viable film coming from Kylo and Rey joining forces for the good. There definitely could be a film made, but it'd have to be about Luke trying to reconcile with Ben and Ben having to somehow atone for his actions. That doesn't sound like the thrilling third part to a trilogy.
He's inside the shields.
&gt;Also, Rose somehow flew faster than Finn, who was doing top speed in a straight line, and was able to knock him out of the way Finn's ship was melting and falling apart and he was flying in an energy beam. That same energy beam pushed Poe's speeder along the ground after he'd abandoned it. So obviously it was slowing Finn down significantly. &gt;And then Finn was able to drag her 3 miles back to base in about 30 seconds. Well, it's about 5 minutes on screen time, so longer in 'real time', obviously. It may seem quick to you but you don't know how long has really elapsed. &gt;And then at the end, the Falcon was able to fly off-planet and escape despite an entire First Order fleet in orbit. That pretty much what the Falcon does. It escaped Tatooine after being pursued by two Star Destroyers. It managed to evade the Imperial fleet including Darth Vader on the Executor in ESB. In Return of the Jedi the Imperial fleet shows up again and the Falcon manages to evade them and fly all the way into the centre of the second Death Star. So it's not really 'out of character' or a plot hole unless you're also willing to criticise the original films for the same reasons.
We just don't need to see the Falcon's escape, do we? It's a small ship which is something of an expert at evading Star Destroyers. The mechanics of the escape aren't important when there are so many different ways for it to escape. When we see the Falcon leave Crait there are no Star Destroyers in pursuit so obviously they managed to leave without being detected. It looks like they're off planet by the time Kylo realises they've gone so it's just not an issue at all as far as I'm concerned.
How quick were they? Don't forget that screen time is not the same as 'real time'.
Quite possibly. If he wasn't in a bollocksed ship and wasn't too late.
Nothing would have changed in a pure plot fashion, but Finn's character certainly changed.
When you are in the military, your superiors do not need to placate you. Especially when you've just been demoted for disobeying orders.
&gt;And much of the disappointments in recent films have stemmed from Disney's/EA game's hellbent desire to stay away from the prequel films? Where do you get that idea from? &gt;Not to mention many people's extreme anticipation in seeing the possible return of actors like Hayden and Jimmy Smits? Again, I think you've overstated that by a looooooooooong way. I loved the prequels when I was a kid. I loved everything Star Wars as a kid though. As I got older, it because clear that they are just not good films. Revenge of the Sith is the best but it's still the culmination of a lame trilogy and far from a great film. The lore and all the extra stuff built around the prequels is great, but the films just aren't.
The story hasn't been ruined at all because Phasma or Snoke's backstory isn't the story.
&gt; When Phasma wants to check Finn's blaster, instead of "report to my division at once" - "Being part of my personal FN squad is a great honor, 2187, I expect better of you." But anyone with eyes and half an ounce of sense can tell that Finn is under Phasma. &gt;Throw in a line during Hux's speech to describe how "We've waited long enough, hidden away, it's time to show the galaxy our true power and liberate it from the tyrannous Republic!" Who the hell needs this explaining to them? &gt;When Snoke talks to Kylo about there being an awakening and how he'll be tested unlike he's ever been tested before say something like: "This will be your toughest challenge yet, since [some event in the past that explains Snoke's influence over him], and this time I won't be able to save you." And what does that add? Any why would Snoke need to explain to Kylo something that's already happened to him? Does Obi-Wan reminding Anakin about what happened on Cato Nemoidia add to the story? The opening crawl says, 'The First Order reigns.' Not that they've taken control of the galaxy. Just that they are now the dominant force. Indeed, the VERY NEXT LINE is "Having decimated the peaceful Republic, Supreme Leader Snoke now deploys his merciless legions to seize military control of the galaxy." So maybe you just need to watch the film a bit more so you don't miss glaring things like this and then go online to complain about them not being included. I don't think audiences need their hands holding and the fact that this movie has taken over $1.2billion seems to show that the audiences don't think they do either.
No it's not. Because the trilogies are self-contained stories. It's pretty laughable asking to have 30 years of history explained whilst at the same time making a fun action adventure film.
That's all you need to know about the First Order too. Stop trying to make special rules for these films just so you can bash them. It's such a poor argument anyway.
It's so annoying. George Lucas spend 3 bad films explaining all that crap and people want that to happen with the new films. What's the point? That's not the story. The story is about what's happening going forward, it's not about giving a history lesson that 99% of the audience don't give a shit about!
&gt; Why is Phasma such a big deal in the First Order? She's completely useless all the time in the movies. Well, she successfully executed the mission to Jakku. She also successfully captured Finn, Rose and DJ and was about to execute the first two when Holdo did her thing. Not really Phasma's fault. She's defeated by a falling floor too, not just Finn. &gt;Who is Snoke? Where did he came from? Where was he all the time in the OT? Away from all the main action, obviously. Want to know where/when/how/why? Look out for a book. &gt;How the hell did the Republic dropped the ball so hard after a major vicotry over the Empire? This is only "explained" in 1 or 2 lines in the rolling text in TFA and that's it. What do you mean? There are books that go into that stuff if you're interested. If you don't want to read the books then obviously it's not that important and if it's not that important then why spend time in your film explaining it? &gt;Knights of Ren? I know they like to take rain showers and Kylo joined them. But who the fuck are them? Dunno. Maybe they're just not very important and your own attachment of importance to them doesn't mean shit. It's such a silly discussion. You can do this for all the films. "I want to know X but it's not explained in the movie. Therefore, it's a problem with the movie and not just with me."
Well then the problem is with you and your misaligned expectations or your inability to see the clear connections up on the screen. The prequels completely TOOK AWAY from Darth Vader. They showed Anakin Skywalker to be a weak, whiny, bitchy, selfish, petulant, spoiled brat. In Star Wars, Obi-Wan looks wistfully into the distance thinking about his good friend. In the prequels, Obi Wan spends most of his time chastising Anakin and Anakin spends most of his time complaining about Obi-Wan. There's a 'disconnect' in the trilogies insofar as the new films take place 30 year after Return of the Jedi. Which is a long time. In fact, longer than the Empire was even around for.
Everyone knew the Emperor. We didn't know who he was though. &gt;This isn't satisfying storytelling. This is literally pulling a character out of your ass because you can't be bothered to come up with a proper background for him. So who are Obi-Wan's parents? What's his lineage with the Force? How the hell do you get force sensitive people if Jedi don't procreate? Oh yeah... some people are just born with it.
&gt;But they need all the stupidly obvious expositional from Rose? What are you talking about? &gt;And gems like, after Luke obviously died, having Rey and Leia beat you over the head with “oh my god he’s dead isnt he?” just to make sure the average viewer gets that luke is dead even though he obviously died? Er.... that's to explain HOW he went. As in, he went peacefully having fulfilled a purpose. He didn't suffer.
SUCH an invalid argument! Did you understand Star Wars without the big backstory? If you did then obviously it wasn't needed. Did you understand the last two films without the big backstory? If you didn't then you've done a worse job then your average 10 year old. Backstory simply isn't needed. It's actually rather ridiculous to put that argument forward. "These films are coming out set 30 years after the originals so obviously they need to give me Snoke's entire backstory" doesn't make any sense. &gt;The ST builds off of previous material and doesn't do a great job of justifying the transition from the original material to the new. What the hell are you talking about? It's 30 years into the future. What transition were you after? Seriously, just use your imagination.
Hahaha. Well, Poe might be wrong, but the movie is definitely telling us that Finn's sacrifice isn't worth it and it's just a suicide run. Poe admired Holdo's sacrifice but stops Finn from making a needless one, I reckon.
