Iowa 6. Penn State 4. Set college football back ten years.
BB reunion?
Penn State defense got the 120th worst starting field position per drive they faced in 2014. Ending avg drive was 7th in FBS.
God, I'd hope not!
Everyone should have interest in Brandon Saad. The Penguins could have had him!
Dominate the Garden State.
Yeah sorry I saw the rivals rating before the composite. After last year, ANY offensive lineman will perk my ears up.
Sept 11, 1999. LaVar Arrington blocks a 52 yard Pitt field goal that would have given them an upset win in a year Penn State was expected to do very well.
"I didn't know Jadeveon's car that could go that fast. He doesn't have a pretty car like those FSU guys used to drive." - Steve Spurrier
The Penn State / Pitt ones enrage me enough that I almost drive off the road.
Great picture! But first full stadium White Out was Notre Dame 2007.
I used to think this might be true, but I used to audit car dealerships and worked in 6 or so large D1 program's cities. Lots of coaches drive demo cars for dealerships, but I never saw any indication of players getting benefits.
That would certainly be my guess.
If there's a background story there, I don't know it. Have any insight?
Thanks for the info! I work in Nova now and there's lots of VT grads here (as well as PSU grads) so the upcoming series should be great.
Should be the right [clip](https://youtu.be/MV_1xZTA4yg)
I'm by no means anti-police but if you're talking about incriminating yourself, there's nothing smart about making their job easier. The burden of proof lies on them.
The starters were still pretty good that year. I think people forget Penn state was a 1 loss (to Alabama) team before the scandal broke in November '11.
Idea I thought of when I was a student who didn't love other students coming late to less important home games: a rewards program wherein you get higher priority for tickets the following year if you get to more games and at the appropriate time. The "best" fans then don't get left out when the student tickets sell out.
This is always my example for how one player is not larger than the franchise.
My two favorite teams. Excellent.
Huge for them. Kid is a stud. He'll be fun to watch the next few years.
I'm... Ok with this. We can be with our true rivals.
Maybe Ian Cole for Robert Bortuzzo. See what the kid has.
I actually really like Ian Cole. I hope they can make a deal with him work.
Fingers crossed that they can get it done!
Correct. They could certainly use his size too.
It's a short season, like the original Walking Dead season 1 and it will run right into the premiere of the original.
4 D lineman in 8 days. Sheesh!
[Well then](https://vine.co/v/ed52iWhtKvM)
And wouldn't hold up to a first year law student's criticism in court.
"immovable position" - someone who hated Penn State before
You do realize the NCAA totally buckled and settled out of court when the State of Pennsylvania was going to sue them because of what hot trash the Freeh report is. The NCAA was about to get their collective asses handed to them.
There's a nut that thinks that (edit: he's not an alum and has no ties to Penn State, he's just trying to make a name for himself) and a few people that agree with him. I'd prefer Sandusky was hung for that shit. That doest change the fact that the NCAA overstep their purview and tried to make an example of Penn State while leaning on the Freeh report that holds as much water as a colander.
Except every time that it's challenged, the party holding it up as a source settles or folds. The NCAA knows it's trash as much as anyone.
I can care a ton. Responsible parties are in jail or awaiting trial. I'm just someone who knows how to assign blame where due and not blanket the whole University like you.
Bust that took national champion Ohio State (edit: last year) to 2 OT behind a paper bag for an offensive line and reduced scholarships.
My god. Shame on you if you turned this game off.
A program hit with scholarship reducing sanctions?
It should be a good game. We're losing him and most of the D line but our back 7 should be improved. Pitt should retain a lot of talent and if Conner can get back healthy that would be a huge boost.
I'm a Pens fan (coming in peace!) but please listen to Mike Lange if you get a chance. Man is a freaking treasure.
That's exactly what it is.
I'm thankful for his contributions but he's just getting overtaken by the young talent. Good luck to him.
He's going to Oklahoma.
FYI, all the NHL games radio feeds are available for free on the NHL app. You just have to register your email.
He did pull himself out of a game.
I think he did play the next game but he got some national media attention with some comments he made about being careful, especially when you're young. I thought it was a good start to a discussion about concussion care.
I'm hoping this isn't symptomatic of a bigger problem but I guess if you have a team with many walk ons or some that have earned scholarship, they might fall down the depth chart if better players are coming in. I'm just trying not to jump to conclusions.
I had to go back to the box score. I remembered the game very incorrectly. Thanks for pointing that out.
And a top RB recruit coming in.
That game set college football back ten years.
I also think renovation is much more likely. They just spent $10 million on new scoreboards and the luxury box side is pretty fresh. The press box is ancient though. The facilities in the grandstands (concessions/bathrooms) are nice but when you get down to the lower bowl they're really spotty. That is the sort of thing that could use a major overhaul.
Yes, I'm sure those would be addressed with a renovation. Right now there is a big company hired to look over all aspects of facilities for Beaver Stadium, the Jordan center and Rec Hall. They'll make recommendations after their review.
Boo. I love Big Ten hockey so far. I did wonder if they'd add teams for hockey only in the future. For example, the Big Ten sponsors lacrosse now, with Johns Hopkins being lacrosse only.
Dealers do this all the time with "demo" cars. The manager or his wife or a local college coach or nfl player drives a car and talks up the dealership. The car is never "sold" and still is on a MSO (Manufacturers Statement of Origin) and has never been titled so it's technically still a "new" car. The buyers have to be made aware of this as well.
Yeah... Club sports red tape is fun. "No bows or arrows on clothing. Swords are totally OK for fencing club."
The man who called all of his timeouts at the end of a blowout loss to delay the B1G trophy presentation and make my feet colder. (This is in jest, I don't mind MSU)
Pitt has FANTASTIC players but in the comparison game, PSU suffers from their stars being at positions that aren't as sexy. All in all, I think it's pretty darn even. Larry Fitz looks a lot cooler streaking down the field with his hair flowing than Tamba Hali does making a tackle.
Well, after Harbaugh has a sleepover at his house, probably not.
I would think the PSU coaches are assuming Nordin is going to go to Michigan.
Maybe he thinks our offense will be bad and he'll get lots of chances to kick long field goals...
I expect "ahem" some hostility next year.
I want both to be good and stable for a healthy rivalry. The teams had damned similar seasons last year - beating all the teams they were supposed to and losing to all the teams they were supposed to, including some nationally elite teams. Both lost bowl games. I've just grown tired of the narrative where Pitt is on the rise and Penn State is a sinking ship. They are very, very similar right now.
I mean, it doesn't look great, but IMO, it was worth a gamble. If even one guy had said yes it would have been well worth any of the negative attention.
He's announcing that he's running for mayor of DC!
He's doing Flying Elbow Drops in Heaven.
We should fire John Donovan.
Didn't they catch it at a pretty good time? I thought he was working out to rehab his injury and felt questionable.
sta7ic will likely point out that those guys aren't "real reporters," just bloggers, and he'd be correct, but your point about their implications holds true, especially when these guys are in direct contact with recruits. I think it would be unprofessional for a recruiting blogger to insinuate things like that to 17 year old kids, but I'm also not naive enough to believe it doesn't happen, regardless of team.
Did you see the Katy Perry halftime show last year?
The 06-07 series was pretty good.
That's the kind of hate I'm looking for.
I know the feeling. The Crowbar, one of my favorite music venues, closed right before my freshman year. Bummer.
LaVar Arrington is the reason I like college football. Edit: See that 11 in my username? It's his 11. Brought it the whole way over from my AIM screen name.
Hack's on the field contributions will always be second in my mind after his off the field contributions. Lots of people bitching about 7 wins would be hoping for a third or fourth by season's end without him, I'm convinced.
Anthony Morelli? If I could reach through the internet to fight one person, it would be you.
I'd tell you to just get a regular hunting bow to start. It's a great sport, you get additional days in the woods if you state is like mine and hunting is something you're interested in, and, for me the best part is... you go pull your bullets out of the target and use them again. I shoot a few times a week for a couple hours. I could never afford to run even my shotgun like that.
For sure. Target Archery is very cathartic for me... Unless I'm sucking that day.
I will never forgive them for 2008. Also, when I was five in 1993, I got aggravated that Penn State was playing the Steelers and wouldn't watch, I'm told.
I can't throw all the blame on him. No one that ever stepped foot in State College thought higher of himself than Anthony Morelli. That kind of attitude is not what you need to be successful.
Gold Medalist Chris Kunitz.
I'd feel much better about it if it was week 4. So early in the season is a big question mark.
Bethel Park?
And then Sid pockets the OT goal in that game, IIRC.
I disagree. (Edit: To the slap on the wrist part, I agree that Baylor will not get the death penalty) Allowing all players to transfer without having to sit is easily forgotten because not many people left, even though the guys that left were the top RB, WR, and K, but that was still a strong punishment. $60 million in fines (roughly equal to a year of football revenue, few businesses could survive losing an entire year of revenue), bowl bans, and scholarship reductions all existed even after the NCAA backpedaled. That is all outside the fact that the NCAA only ended up removing the consent decree because they were about to be publicly raked over the coals in an antitrust lawsuit with the State of Pennsylvania.
I don't think everyone agrees, but I really loved those baby blues from the Winter Classic. The Pittsburgh Gold ones are the absolute best though.
He "has a small penis" in one episode of How I Met Your Mother though, so it's not like he has a perfect life.
I expected exactly that kind of response from Sullivan.
I wondered that as well. I think I remember seeing something a few years ago about people that would wear them that way because they know the TV camera is back there. Seems ridiculous to me though.
I also hear that he cheats at faceoffs.
I really like the fact that the schedule is so Division-heavy late in the season. This time zone thing is resultant of that. Philly, NYR, NYI, Washington, Carolina, New Jersey, and Columbus are all Eastern Time Zone Teams.
What a pleasant change from last year. They would have ended up the #1 lottery team if they had that same slate.
That's a great point.
We are not the University of Pennsylvania, an Ivy League school in Philadelphia founded by Ben Franklin. It happens more to them than us, I think. Recently a WWE female wrestler worked out at a gym at UPenn and tweeted that she was at Penn State. Penn State is a pretty darn good school, but I think it has to be frustrating if you went to UPenn, busted your ass to get an Ivy League degree, and get lumped in with the State school because of similar name.
But... it worked for game 2. I do enjoy that Dave Mustaine is a legitimate crazy person now. My other thought was some Iron Maiden, I wanted to give the 3rd star for game 2 to the sound guy at Consol, he played my favorite Maiden song, The Trooper, at a big moment.
Noter Dame.
If summoning a beast from the depths of hell is what it takes to win the Cup, you bet that Sid would be out there doing the summoning dance.
IT'S VERY NICE THAT METALLICA WILL BE IN ATTENDANCE TONIGHT TO PLAY CREEPING DEATH ABOUT THE SHARKS STANLEY CUP HOPES.
IF IT'S GOOD ENOUGH FOR ICING, IT'S GOOD ENOUGH FOR ME.
Yes. Please so much yes. Also, the goalie masks would just be incredible.
