2nd best QB in your division!
Technically the most logical answer
Who's the singer?
Ouch
Lofa Tatupu as well
That reads like a sitcom
Would the contract expire or does it pick up where he left off if he comes back?
Interesting, I see what you mean. I'm a big fan of their first two albums but I haven't listened to what they've done since then as much.
I loved their king Crimson cover though
Wait nvm I meant Mercyful Fate
Man this makes me so happy. Star Trek and Seinfeld are probably my two favorite tv shows/series.
Idk, I could argue it wasn't even Pink Floyd's best album
2high4me
Spice is a type of synthetic weed
I was too upset to find it funny the first time, but it's hilarious now
One of the best metal bands ever imo
TJ houshmenzadeh
Mine was a knockoff from target
This is part of the reason why i just buy CDs.
I think it's fairly commonly accepted as a genocide among Americans, at least in my state
It just seems like he completely overreacted to the situation
Shine on you **crazy** diamond
It maintains the balance
So that's what the song is about...
Can't tell if it's stupidity or just not caring
You can't just jump into metal, you gotta ease your way in. I started by listening to bands like nirvana and soundgarden, then gradually got into heavier stuff.
Like onions?
Beautiful
Very nice!
Vol. 3 is such a great album
Damn, that's sad, he looks so fucked up and out of it
Warning is a really good album
Thank you
That last part made me sad
They can be pretty funny when people aren't being assholes about it
Even so, cutting he guy just because he didn't go to the optional OTAs seems like a bad precedent to set. Chip can't possibly expect every player be there every year.
Schecter makes some great looking guitars definitely
Thank you Marshawn
I don't think they had heavy metal in 1715
Don't take it personally
This guys got some diverse tastes
TBF, I can see how getting booed on draft day would affect the way you see the fans of your team
I'm pretty sure certain denominations would disagree with the third point
I'm pretty sure Myles Kennedy played the first half of it and Mark comes in at the end.
Challenge: think of a Metallica song you don't like off of their first 4 albums.
It said that the detergent left horrific burns in his windpipe, so yeah, pretty painful I'd imagine
Damn, that's seriously messed up if true. It also says that it may have been the daughter that posted the Facebook comments.
Green Day has great lyrics
Do you think you would've changed without that comment? In a way you could say it benefitted you I the long run
I disagree, the fact that we have a video of him knocking out his wife affects his ability to be signed massively. It's easy to look past issues if you haven't actually witnessed the crime they've done, but seeing it affects people in a way so they won't forget it
Always works
AFD is one of the greatest albums ever imo
Yeah, I feel the same way. Their debut just seemed pretty mediocre, but their second and third albums were great.
Justice imo is their only album that didn't have a weak song, other than maybe Kill em all
It's close with them, I think Dirt was probably a better overall album, but not by a lot.
Liar!
Psychobitchpath?
Is #9 Machine Head?
Eddie, stick to guitar playing, not medical diagnosis.
He had good taste
Falling For You
Fucking amazing song
Bill has a surprisingly good voice
Any time Deion Sanders was on the field
His people have suffered so much, they don't understand.
And so it begins...
I can't express how horrible of a community it is.
Donuts served after masses were the best
Seasons 1-3 were comedy gold
Only movie I've ever walked out of a theater during
That was the best part
We're all your adopted siblings black as well?
/r/Unexpected
Why is the car's windshield broken?
U
There's no making you people happy, is there?
This guy probably actually is
Plus look at Seattle the year before we drafted Russell.
Oh, ok, sorry, I thought you meant something else
Can't help but read that in the voice of the flying Dutchman from spongebob
I kinda prefer Julian and Garak
The "Meddle" album by Pink Floyd
Do you mean Ricardo?
As in there isn't much variety?
I can sorta see what you mean, I guess I see it sorta differently from my perspective. I'm in high school and most of the people I know have very little variety as far as taste in music, so I was pleasantly surprised At the amount of variety in taste people here have, even if it's not massive.
Honestly I feel like people don't value music as much anymore. Most people don't think it's worth spending money on and if they do its spent on a subscription, not actually buying the product.
It was an excellent fourth quarter
I see him as a step in the right direction
Do you have a source for all of this?
That's such a stupid argument.
We have always been at war with Eastasia.
You lost me
That's pretty cool
Just wondering, why would he need to be single for the rest of his life if he went through with the divorce?
With all due respect, that's pretty harsh.
That's a sweet lookin guitar
Defiantly
True, I'm just saying they might be able to use that as an excuse
Fuck it, I don't even care. It was still a good movie
Maybe even surpassing it!
