McIntosh looked at a video game once, maybe even stood by a gamer for a fraction of a second, so that makes him an expert on every video game ever.
Your comment assumes McIntosh actually played it. Far more likely he just saw Geralt and made up his all about it. Now what is it called when you judge someone based solely on physical apprences?
Mainstream Christians are exceedingly lucky that their religion is so old we don't have police records, or any records for that matter, of their founder to discredit their holy book's claims.
My problem with DayZ and its ilk is what do you do in them? Like in Minecraft you can have fun playing it by yourself constructing stuff while the world blows it up, and it's very nature allows you to build whatever you can imagine. But DayZ you just wander around and fuck with other players. There's no sense of completion or accomplishment that you get from beating a solid single player game or teaming up to take down an epic raid boss. In fact thanks to a combination of early-access, public betas, and content patches, online games have entered this weird, nebulous space where they are never finished and are never technically out. I mean Warframe was playable for almost two years before it went gold. I had been playing MechWarrior Online for five months before being invited to their launch party.
Eugh. Don't these shitlords know that langue is meaningless and that we can pineapple race car driver whatever we flamimgolope?
Buzzwords, combine and form Privilegcon, the most powerful Transformer.
That's because scientists are too busy doing, you know, science.
Also nachos con queso are banned for being too Jewish.
Because the cockney accent on small Asian women with purple anime hair.
Chinese people in this case are already an American minority so under the arbitrary and subjective rules of social justice a story exclusively about Chinese people is more diverse than a story about white people.
It's easy to fight to the death when the no one else is interested in killing you.
I'm talking about the false bravado of it all.
No that's actually black face.
So I had this idea for an RPG (and I know John Carmack had this idea too before Romero got a hold of it) that has you level down instead of level up. So you start out as an unstoppable, overpowered badass with more abilities and spells then you know what to do with, which is the end point of every RPG. But, probably for story reasons, at various points throughout the game you have to give up powers at regular intervals, your delevels. The idea is that players build a character to their play style by getting rid of all the abilities they don't like and keeping the ones they do. Not only does this change the way we think about game and RPG design but it would solve the problem many RPGs suffer from where the beginning of the game is brutal and the ending is a breeze.
The only thing that bothers me about this is their smug sense of self-satisfaction they have from thinking they're pissing people off when really no one cares.
I can't believe no one has mentioned the Far Cry games. Open world FPS with, as of the last two, basic but necessary RPG and crafting elements with a strong focus on the single-player narrative experience. And each game tries to do something new and different.
From what I've seen with Pagan Min it looks like they're just doing Vaas again because that's what people liked the most about Far Cry 3. But the thing is that Vaas was a happy accident, the guy who plays him came in and did such a great performance that they gave Vaas a stronger presence. In short, Far Cry 4, and especially Pagan Min, stunk of trying to recapture the lightning in a bottle and that usually doesn't work out all that great.
Also it screws up how we should fix the issue. Oh white people not being unfairly harassed by the police is a privilege? Well then we just need to have the police unfairly harass everyone.
So you just up and give it to the first human trainwreck who drops in?
My little princess is all grown-up and murdering people.
More like obesity is the symptom of some mental illness.
You can't trap Biblical literalists with questions pertaining to God's morality because God's morally perfect not because God is just such a swell guy, but because he's defined as morally perfect. Everything he does is automatically morally perfect regardless of action. God can drown every puppy on Earth and it would not be evil, because God did it. Likewise God can, and does lie in the Bible, but it's not an act of moral failure like if a human did it, because God.
This article is about answering honestly, not just being unable to answer. Moving the goal posts is a logical fallacy and a form of dishonesty so the original premise stands.
Hero complex. As long as you presuppose your own moral superiority you can get away with (to yourself) anything. I bet in twenty years he's going to get pulled over for a DUI, rant about the Jews, and call the arresting officer "Sugartits".
Fucking Christ how is that medically possible?
Hang on, I know their dumb rules and can play by them. I identify as a Bedouin desert nomad. Racism is dumb and we should stop persecuting and discrimination against everyone, not just everyone except white people.
What are you waiting for, let's get the kerosene and some lighters.
I have the sneaking suspicion that Tammy's "helpfulness" came from a place of smug, self-congratulatory satisfaction. Which is why she was so over the top about it. She's not just helping someone, she announcing to the whole world "Look at me! Look at how selfless and generous I am! Praise me! Praise me!"
Planetness is more about attitude than weight. If you're helping a blind person so that you can steal food off their plate because you think they won't notice, you're a planet. Size is irrelevant. You are a gluttonous pile of trash.
Why do we teach kids English, it's a language spoken by white people? We should all learn a proud PoC language like Spanish.
I blame 30 years of diet industry commercials selling people the idea that weight loss is a trick that just needs this one thing to work. But once you analyze their motivations it becomes an obvious farce. They're trying to sell you a product and they don't want you to buy their competition. The CI-CO method, despite being the most scientifically reliable, asks for moderation, which runs contrary to a capitalistic market's emphasis on profit by consumption.
Is it okay to cause panic in a closed public space by making a fake bomb threat? What about prank calling the FBI or providing false testimony at court? You can gob on all you want about the immutability of free speech but at the same time practically everyone is okay with a few limitations for the sake of the larger public.
Free Speech exists for the benefit of society not the individual. If one individual's personal rights puts the saftey and well-being of the larger society in jeopardy then that individual's rights must be restricted. This is the foundational definition of liberty. Absolute freedom is far more destructive and harmful in practice than its well-meaning advocates such as yourself make it out to be.
In North Korea society is sacrificed on the altar of a ruling aristocracy. They can say all they want but their actions betray everything. That's why I can condem them. A balanced, healthy society has rules that are governed by a living document that is constantly scrutinized and thought about. It's not strict rules that burden and eventually enclave societies, it's blind, unthinking adherence to rules. That's where people constantly get me wrong with my opinions. I expect them to be challenged and questioned. When I talk about restricting individual freedom for the good of society, I'm expecting there to be a constant dialogue about where this line should be drawn.
The problem is that this isn't voluntary. Govenors from across the South are ordering the removal of Confederate battle flags from state and public property, and the nation-wide legalization of same-sex marriage was a very close SCOTUS decision. The South is only becoming more progressive because the rest of the country is dragging them kicking and screaming into the 21st century, not because its they've voluntarily changed their ways.
Yes and Russia annexed Crimea to help those poor, oppressed Russian minorities.
Apparently. It's the Southern conundrum: it's not wholly ethical to use government force to compel them to follow moral edicts they don't agree with, but if we didn't there's a strong chance they never will do so on their own.
From has a lot of different teams handeling different projects simultaneously. The real success of the Bloodsouls meta series is the vision of director Miyazaki. The problem is that one guy can't be one all these projects at once. He was on Bloodbourne while DS 2 was in development and now he's on DS 3. This means DS 2 is the only one without Miyazaki's involvement and it shows.
We could do it, just pay her $300K.
Eh you need someone to cancel out the ultra-right white nationalist Stormfront demographic.
Actually read the reviews. The IGN reviewer gave Alien: Isolation a 5.9 because he doesn't like horror survival and found the game to be too long and the same amount of content stretched too thin.
So when I asked about M's upbringing and you said you didn't know much about it, was that a lie?
Adult (and therefore lazy) Ren and Stimpy was on Spike TV, not Adult Swim.
That's kind of what gay means at that age. I remember elementary school kids saying Hanson was gay because they made songs about girls.
It wasn't proselytizing. They wanted to have a discussion. Normally we talk about science and the environment.
It's behind you right now but don't turn around because that will make it really angry.
That seems like a shitty plan.
Right noijggdffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
Well there's Jainism.
Actually have you heard of Richard Lenski's experiment in which E. coli evolved the ability to digest citrate right in front of their eyes? It got hilarious when creationist and wingnut Andrew Schlafly tried to take them on and got pwned.
If you have a murder fetish it would be masturbation.
That success rate only applies to blood tests.
14 is the normal age of consent for Carbon. Either way I would check your local laws as those can vary by state.
Even if he wasn't fishing for poon he was clearly fishing for compliments and praise on his progressive, open-minded ways. Not having a Tumblr account was his first mistake in that regards.
Dubed with characters speaking their local accent ala Metro 2033. I thought I'd try immersing myself with the Russian language track with English subs. What I discovered is that it became less immersive because a lot of the world building background conversations literally just turned into meaningless background noise.
He's implying Mark Twain was racist because of the name Nigger Jim. This means that the whole point of Huck Finn could not have flown over his head farther. I know it's a joke and he's not serious, but I'm coming out at this laughing at Louis' poor reading comprehension.
C.S. Lewis was skilled enough at rhetoric and writing to trick his audience into thinking Christianity makes sense.
Because the genitals of small children is really important to me and yes I want this on record!
Are you blinking? That's the oportunity your mirror self has been waiting for to steal your place and enter our world.
No. They have been epigenitcally programmed with a gender identity opposite of their genotype. Gender is the mental assignment of male or female, sex is the genotype and genitiles. Sex influences gender but they are seperate things. 99.9% of the time a person's mental gender identity matches their biological sex, in that tiny percent of the time it doesn't the most common result is having a mental gender identity that is in opposition to their biological sex. Research has shown that this is a fact, not a delusion or a personal choice. In transgender there is a detectable error between the mental software and the biological hardware. Trans race and transethncity are not real because people don't have mentally assigned racial or ethnic identities.
You know how in colloquial language you can get away with using hypothesis and theory as the same thing but in science you can't because in that context they mean different things? Same thing. In science gender and sex have different meanings and here is the science that supports those definitions. http://www.meduniwien.ac.at/homepage/1/news-and-topstories/?tx_ttnews%5btt_news%5d=5379&amp;cHash=37835742aa84acd6b6b2505337c854dd Notice how I'm linking to an academic source that itself links to a science database and not some bullshit blog on Tumblr? That's because this is fucking science. So either you can get with the idea that gender studies has actually made a lot of progressive from whatever neolithic discourse community you've crawled out of, or you can join the ranks of creationists, homeopaths, and other people who dismiss scientific discoveries the moment they compete with their preconceived ideas of how the world works.
When pride turns into delusion.
What is it with weeb culture and glorifying pedophilia?
So his writing advice is be more cliched and rip off Star Wars?
I'm not surprised by but also disappointed in Eclipse Phase's clientele. It looks like such a cool concept with so many unique story telling hooks built into it, but because it's a post-Singularity society it brings all the Dork Enlightenment boys to the yard, and they're digitized cyberpeens are like, better than yours.
If I remember correctly second edition orcs were pig-faced monsters.
Even if it's a fake it encapsulates all of the logic used by the antivaxxers, so at best it's an example of Poe's Law.
You claim I didn't read the article, but apparently you didn't read the paper that was linked to in the article. The paper is free to the public so you really have no excuse. First you claim that you cannot tell the difference between male and female with MRI, but the paper cites sources that use MRI to prove just that in the first paragraph of the introduction. We have papers that show the changes that occur to the brain due to hormone development on three separate levels of development. One on infants, another on puberty, and a third on adulthood. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20633662 http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3412439/ http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3673180/ So the differences in the original paper aren't mentioned much because the researchers and their audience, other neuroscientists, are already familiar with the science so they aren't defined in the paper I linked to. Here's an MRI showing the white matter microstructures of someone who is FtM, someone who is MtF, with comparisons to the Male Control (MC). http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4699258/figure/F1/ This is what the paper meant by the transgender white matter microstructure being in between. The MtF microstructures appear to be a transitionary point between the MC and the FtM. In fact the appearance and mapping of testosterone white matter microstructures degrades as you go from MC to MtF to FtM to FC (Female Control). A man who feels like he should be a woman produces the same amount of testosterone like a normal male, but the way it interacts with his brain is skewed more towards female neural mappings, resulting in someone who recognizes their body as male but it doesn't feel right. "The results of this study show that the white matter microstructure in FtM and MtF transsexuals falls halfway between that of FCs and MCs. Our data harmonize with the hypothesis that fiber tract development is influenced by the hormonal environment during late prenatal and early postnatal brain development that is proposed to determine gender identity." Read the paper and the paper's sources, and not just the article which introduces scholars to the paper. Finally you keep using the word insane around, which is another word you clearly don't know the meaning of, along with sex and gender. Insane refers to mental inability. In the legal and medical sense people who are insane must be proven that they are not in control of their own actions or faculties. This is why arguing insanity in court is so hard and why the insane defense is almost never used. Transgender people are obviously not insane, regardless of how far from normal their feelings may be to you personally.
Did you ever lament your status at last place due to your inherent nice guyness?
More unique ethnicities per square mile than the Balkans.
It's kind of funny as how Christianity becomes more and more modern it becomes less and less strict. The Coptics in Egypt are the oldest extant branch of Christianity and they have a period of 50 days before and after both Easter and Christmas where you can't eat meat. Then you have the Catholics were you just can't eat meat on Friday. Then you have the Protestants where the last of the dietary restrictions have been excised.
Universe -&gt; Gravity -&gt; Matter -&gt; Hydrogen -&gt; Galaxy -&gt; Life
God is perfect. Perfection is impossible. Therefore God is impossible.
State of Slovenes, Croats, and Serbs Kingdom of Serbians, Croats, and Slovenes Socialist Federated Republic of Yugoslavia
Oh shit I guess because squares exists God must exist.
Fucking look it up dipshit. The definitions that I've been trying to teach you are right there on fucking Google. You have given me no reason to accept your incorrect definitions except by fiat.
Obviously it's a disorder. There's even a detectable neurological component which you don't seem to like for some reason. What I've been trying to drill through your cavernous, Neanderthal-esque skull is that sex and gender aren't the same thing and that having a mental disorder is not the same thing as insanity. Frankly your disgusting attitude is to conclude that because transgenderism is a disorder it should be stigmatized and you can go right the fuck off with that. Finally sex transitioning is still the most humane method of treatment. Edit: on the subject of Fallon Fox. This is where I admit my ignorance, I don't know enough about MMA where I can distinguish any difference between her fighting and say, Ronda Rousy. They both look like two strong people very good at hurting other people. Frankly as a human Fallon Fox has the right to feel comfortable in her own body. However if it can be proven that the hormone therapy for sexual reassignment gives athletes an unfair advantage in their weight class then they should be barred from competing. We've already banned one form of hormone therapy for its performance enhancing properties: steroids, so there is precident.
My favorite WtA character was an Ahroun Bone Gnawer, so murder-hobo was my legit character concept.
Having a 50% nitrogen atmosphere is bad but not for the reasons she thinks.
The fucked up part is that they would rather a man of dishonest faith than a man of honest disbelief.
OWoD ran into problems when they assumed the Abrhamic religions were the default and then threw Kindred of the East into the mix. Edit: I actually find CofD, especially since the God-Machine Chroncicle to be very gnostic. In both Mage and Demon you play as protagonists who realize that reality as we know it is a lie and oppose the God-like demiurges who rule over this false world.
The Ancient Lands pentology from Mage: The Awakening.
Basically the way I rule it, rites and fetishes are ok from 1st edition, Lodges and Gifts are not.
Then there's also the shallow critcism that it's the worst Star Trek because there's no space travel.
Donald Trump's hair is a chemical ecological disaster zone that Trump bravely chose to wear so it could be contained and monitored by a team of specialists. Unfortunately it appears to have leaked tendrils into his brain and is responsible for his erratic opions, wild mood swings, and general shithead behavior.
Magic. Then science killed magic so now it runs on science.
That would cause wobble in the other direction. We need an equal spread across both poles to ensure orbital stability.
One of my players in her first session of WtF ever was fighting an Azlu. The spider-monster was taunting the pack about its long life and how it has powers and skills beyond what you can do. "I have fangs and venom that can strip your flesh to the bone Uratha!" Then she said "I've got boots". I thought it was a great pre-ass-kicking one-liner.
Well yeah. They split Charisma into three different stats and then tweaked them to follow the Power, Finesse, Resistance model. Of course it's going to get weird. Hell trying to define how you interact with people with just a bunch of numbers is kind of weird.
The motto of CofD is that it's your chronicle. So do it, a plot hook that on the surface seems impossible is always great for a game about thr supernatural. Here are some possible explanations for a revenant outbreak. Belial's Brood blood ritual going terribly right. The Strix are building an army of bodies to possess. The Curse itself has found a new way to spread. A God-Machine experiment on vampires broke free.
Whatever is moral and ethical is whatever God says at that moment. How delightfully malleable, authoritarian, and subjective
Finally.
Before Muhammad ran into diplomatic problems he was really respectful of Jews and Christians. He passionately adored their faiths and believed his would be accepted in open arms. When Islam was rejected he grew more angry at them and both of these attitudes are reflected in the Koran. However, the Suras are organized by length, not chronology, and how the book chaotically sin-waves between tolerance and intolerance like a manic-depressive.
Hey Allah, if you created women exactly as they are, what's up with all the menstral-hate?
"Christian Film" "Film People Watch" You must choose one.
The Satanists have started the Dark Invocation ritual. Christians respond by casting Protection from Evil, Greater.
The important part isn't just that the Quran is violent, but that the Quran is not uniquely violent. It's basically no better than any other so called "Holy" book. To wit: "And it shall come to pass, that every soul, which will not hear that prophet, shall be destroyed from among the people." Acts 3:23 Anyone who doesn't believe in Jesus will be killed. "He that believeth on the Son hath everlasting life: and he that believeth not the Son shall not see life; but the wrath of God abideth on him." John 3:36 If you don't believe in Jesus God will be angry. "And whosoever shall not receive you, nor hear you, when ye depart thence, shake off the dust under your feet for a testimony against them. Verily I say unto you, It shall be more tolerable for Sodom and Gomorrha in the day of judgment, than for that city." Mark 6:11 Any city that defies the testimony of Christ will be even more fucked up than Sodom and Gomorrha. "Think not that I am come to send peace on earth: I came not to send peace, but a sword." Matthew 10:34 This is attributed to Jesus and is followed by a whole screed about how you need to love Jesus more than your own family. "But the heavens and the earth, which are now, by the same word are kept in store, reserved unto fire against the day of judgment and perdition of ungodly men." Peter 3:7 God reserves the right to set every non-believer on fire.
Usually when a more modern, better evolved organism comes along sometimes the less evolved one manages to survive by eeking out a meager existence in a tiny niche too specialized for the more evolved one to bother with.
You know what /u/fantasyfeet, I'll let you keep your delusion. Yes, all powerful and successful people are actually really smart and conniving. There's no way an idiot could make money saying stuff other idiots like to hear. If you gave a real idiot a microphone and tell them to speak their opinions they'll just sit there and babble incoherently.
To be fair /u/AlmightBox, you're not making any of this stuff up, Cumstain is.
