Yeah I really think he's going to take Sam's advice and run with it in the completely wrong direction...
THAT'S where I know her from! Thank you!
I think it's important to ask these questions and think critically about choices like this. But in this particular case, I end up being OK with it. Piggybacking off what /u/dtorr said, the casting of Daddario as the daughter of the Rock (mixed race) and Carla Gugino (white) seems plausible to me. Would it be *nice* if they had cast someone with more of a mixed race look? Sure. But personally I don't think San Andreas is guilty of the same kind or level of offense as Aloha, not by a LONG shot. (And I'm not just talking about Emma Stone here.)
&gt; what if Emma Stone best fits the role the director was aiming for? What if All the Hapas auditioning just didn't quite capture the right mood for the movie? The odds of that are extremely low. The idea that not a single mixed Asian actress could have done as good of a job as Emma Stone -- in portraying a mixed Asian character, no less -- is fairly preposterous. And I say this as a big Emma Stone fan. But even if it WERE true, how about all the other characters? How is it possible that a movie set in Hawaii can star an entirely white cast? I think that's why this grates so much. If Emma Stone were just one -- or even one of a couple -- white characters amidst an otherwise racially representative film, I don't think you'd hear as much criticism. And frankly, if they had at least dyed her hair, I personally might be less annoyed. But they made ZERO effort to be conscious or considerate of the racial/cultural field they were playing in. That, to me, cannot be overlooked.
Hm, okay, it's possible I'm being unfairly influenced by the fact that (1) Daddario looks so much like she could be Gugino's kid, and (2) the Rock is relatively light-skinned and ambiguously ethnic. I'll give it some more thought. Regardless of that, I maintain that even if casting Daddario for a mixed race role is as bad as casting Stone for one, *Aloha*'s cultural/racial problems are much larger than *San Andreas*'s. See my comment on this thread: http://www.reddit.com/r/mixedrace/comments/380puc/im_not_buying_emma_stone_as_an_asian_american_in/crru92m So I think the larger context is at play for me too, whether that's fair or not.
LOL at the red vs. green routes on that map. Can you link me to the discussion on this point?
Yep. I thought everything Tyrion said when he was processing (out loud) what his advice to Dany should be in regards to Jorah was brilliant. I'm just surprised he didn't point out that Jorah was, in essence, right. Jorah didn't trust Dany to forgive him -- and she *didn't*.
Oh yeah, I'm not excusing Jorah's deception. I'm just saying that Dany proved his mis-trust to be founded.
Yep. I think he's going to attack Tormund, with the intent to kill. :/
Maybe I'm cold-hearted, but I kept turning to my husband and saying, "I don't feel bad for her at all." :)
Thanks for sharing! I love all of these ladies, except Schumer who I don't know but keep hearing about.
Right?! Pretty much "overnight." (Except I know that overnight success is always anything but.) Anyway, just finished reading the roundtable and I really enjoyed it!
AH I love this idea! I dunno if I'll re-watch all of them (esp with SYTYCD having moved to Monday nights) but I'll definitely pop into the discussion threads. I actually didn't watch JtV until after Gina won the Golden Globe, so I didn't see the pilot until quite some time after it had aired. I liked it enough to watch episode 2, but to be honest, I wasn't 100% hooked on the show until episode 3. I was also more interested in Rafael (for Jane, not myself) when I first watched than I am now. :P
Not even for her and Owen?
I think this answer is most in line with my predictions. Not sure about the April/Jackson storyline, though I love them together so I'd prefer for them to work things out. I think Amelia and Owen should get together too. And I absolutely think Shonda will try to break ER's record, as she has said all along. I mean, if she didn't decide to end the show when Patrick Dempsey wanted out, then what would be the point in stopping now? I'm pretty sure Ellen Pompeo has indicated that she's on board for as long as it runs, because it's good, stable work and has provided for her and her family.
It's a spoiler for anyone who isn't caught up with the end of this season.
Ah, good point. You're right, it doesn't suit him, and if I think about it some more, Amelia probably wouldn't want to live in her dead brother's custom-built dream house. (I wouldn't!) But I would love for their place to go to someone meaningful...
Fallingwater
Just thought this was interesting! Her yard in particular is beautiful. You also get to see her adorable daughter a few times. Here's Patrick Dempsey's too, which I might actually like better lol, because I'm all about openness, light, and Frank Gehry: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z0rM-eyNiDU And of course they both have copies of Gray's Anatomy (the real book) in their homes! *Edit to add: OK after watching the whole video, I basically want to live in Dempsey's home/family! Makes me even sadder that they're splitting up...*
&gt; lazy/overweight clone Lol this is a great question, with some great comments already, but now I'm just trying to picture Tatiana in a fat suit.
This this this this this.
Haha, I wondered the same thing, but I highly doubt it! Airstream trailers are just kind of popular.
I'm not exactly sad that Rudy is sick...
Good point! Also, I'm indifferent to spoilers, but a lot of people care, and might not be happy about the title of this post being so blatant... Just a note for future posts, I guess, to maybe use a spoiler tag.
No judgment, just complete understanding and acceptance of what's important to him. #truefriendship
[s5e09](#s "Wish Davos had taken Shireen there...")
Lol whoops, didn't notice, decided to err on the side of caution rather than the side of possibly getting my head bitten off! Thanks for the tip.
Good points! &gt; And the commoners? There isn't much they can do. Previously I'd been thinking along the same lines as the OP -- that this all started bc Jaime pushed Bran out the window to protect his secret with Cersei, and now that secret isn't a secret at all, so what was the point? But really, we're in a bubble. The perspectives that we are privy to are typically the players in the game of thrones, not the regular folks. Most of the commoners probably don't know about Jaime and Cersei, or don't believe it. (Or don't care, hahaha.) So that would easily explain a lack of rioting on their part.
All the violence on this show, and your comment still makes me wince and shudder.
I once liberated a raccoon from a pasta sauce jar. He was so dazed when he first got out, but then he scampered off OK.
Love your theory. But personally I think Grey's has hit the resisting-retirement stage of life lol...
Hee, these early episodes were so great! Sorry I missed the re-run last night (watching the US women's World Cup match!) but was this the one where she and Rafael fell into the pool? Lol I loved that. In general, I liked Rafael a lot in these early episodes, because he was really going out of his way to protect Jane and let her make decisions that were best for her and the baby. (Granted, this eventually led to him *over*-protecting her, even to the point of lying at times... But like I said, that comes later.) Meanwhile, my sweet beloved Michael began acting shady (which IMO is not true to his nature, but he was panicked) by allying with Petra and keeping secrets from Jane. :/ I'm glad he eventually came back to himself.
Oh, I looooved what the milkshake anecdote revealed about Xiomara, and how she was willing to do anything (even humiliate herself and look like a self-centered bad guy) to protect Jane from pain. &lt;3
10/10 would buy them all! I also really appreciate reading the thought process behind each design.
I like the idea, esp to practice my Spanish... but I also don't want to be spoiled for what's coming!
Two down, one to go.
Body double.
Almost.
It was a good ruse. I totally thought he was gonna show up zombie-style.
GOOD POINT. WHERE WAS GHOST?!
Did anyone else cheer when Myranda went splat?
"I never heard *that* story..."
Lol as I recall, Alba wasn't exactly the toughest cookie when it came time to lay down the law with Rogelio...
Interesting theory! In 3x09, Cosima was looking through Shay's file, and the camera lingered for a moment on the line about her siblings (which I am of course now blanking on, but maybe someone can find it?)... o_O I'm sure no one would mind extra Ksenias running around.
He was a great friend and mentor to me, and to so many young writers at Carnegie Mellon. I'm very saddened by this loss.
&gt; So I make sure they get diabetes before they head back to Taiwan. LOL yeah seriously. Sour gummy worms, good to know! At my aunt's suggestion, we brought them dark chocolate and Werther's Originals this time. I guess it's just cheaper/better from the US...?
I loved the bathroom scenes! It really got to the heart of how bonded the group was. And their lack of appropriate boundaries, lol.
Agreed. This will surely be an even more unpopular thing to say, but I've been wondering if there's a way to donate to the shooter's family in addition to Sonny Kim's. They're going to be dealing with similar expenses, but without the outpouring of sympathy and goodwill from the Cincinnati community.
THIS EPISODE IS PROBABLY MY FAVORITE. THAT MOMENT BETWEEN MICHAEL AND JANE AT THE BRIDAL SHOP = &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3
From an "important gay couple" storytelling standpoint, Cyrus and James are a solid example. They were one of the things I loved most about Scandal early on. (Before the show went downhill...) From a "healthy stable long lasting gay male relationship" standpoint, I think we might need to look elsewhere. Without going into major spoilers, let's just say that Cyrus and James had major, terrible issues. Honestly, I think /u/Firecrotch2014 has a point: This is one area of diversity where Shonda has not excelled. I'm sad to say that I hadn't noticed, but I'm glad it was brought to my awareness. After all, becoming aware of problems is the first step toward creating change. Anyway, it's kind of strange -- and clearly frustrating to some viewers -- though I'm sure there's no malice behind it.
That's an awesome gesture, and the girl looked so cute as a mini Vic! (I also really appreciate that the parents are responsible about TV. They were like, "Haha no worries we don't let her watch these mature shows in full.")
&gt; I have to say that being spoiled makes it so much better. \^_\^
Hah, your flair got me for a second there.
My friend got married there! It was a small, lovely "pop-up" style thing. :)
Maybe everyone else knew about the Cincy connection already, but I didn't, and I thought it was awesome. The article I linked to is also quite a nice profile of him and his late husband and what led them to the Supreme Court.
This particular pic might be old, I don't know, but I picked my husband up from the airport last night (or technically today? whatever) around midnight/12:30 am, and when we drove by, Duke Convention Center was definitely lit up rainbow-colored like that. Part of the last "i" was out though.
Wheeee, welcome to the party!
&gt; The fact that she's doesn't have her own chair in a psychiatrist's office and that she's not taking a handful of drugs daily just to be able to climb out of bed every morning is a testament that the writers of this show have never once thought about delving in the real psyche of a human being. Actually, that's a good point. I never thought of it before, but I would love to see some/any of these characters seeking professional help for the trauma they witness and endure. Mental health has such a(n unnecessary) stigma, and surely seeing some of our most beloved characters (who are in the health field!) pursuing and maintaining their emotional well-being would be a positive thing for viewers.
Not that new, but I do love this ad. Note that the dad has a disability too!
1. Overall great banner so far. I like the players, I love the way it's been unveiled, and I'm looking forward to seeing the finished product. (Including an actual photo of LeSean, though kudos for this Photoshopped one.) 2. There seems to be a lot of pointing in football.
I don't ship it, but... I wouldn't be mad either. :P
Just a warning: Cincinnati dim sum will not be as good as Seattle's. I'm from Houston (which has a huge, fantastic Chinatown) and the dim sum here satisfies my cravings but doesn't impress.
Found this while searching for material to make a banner: http://images.en.yibada.com/data/images/full/63933/cw-tv-series-jane-the-virgin-season-2.jpg *Edit: Also this, lol! http://kingoftheflatscreen.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/12002316_1640767572839064_7479022417049063252_n.jpg*
Monday, January 25 at 9/8c Source: https://www.facebook.com/cwjanethevirgin/photos/a.1437403416508815.1073741828.1425838674331956/1669224063326748/?type=3&amp;theater Also, lol, they made a countdown: http://www.countdownto.com/jane-the-virgin/
OK I think we've probably waited long enough. Also, the mod here also commented elsewhere on reddit a few days ago, so I don't think I'm going to be approved to takeover this sub. Shall we begin on /r/UnREAL? cc /u/trejdeksnis /u/NinjaPixies
Lol. Don't worry, we are. Previously we have been chatting at /r/UnREALtv, but actually the moderator there doesn't seem too active, so a few of us have plans to revamp THIS sub for the show. Check back in soon!
Yeah me too, but I don't know what other choice we have? Unless we don't care what the sub looks like. If we take over and spruce up /r/UnREAL, we can still link back (in the sidebar) to the S1 discussion threads that are here.
Personally I don't think we need to delete old posts from here. Maybe I'm just an electronic hoarder, lol, but I feel like it's nice to let things live on in posterity. I do think we could have NEW discussions at the new sub, though!
I'm always on board for a floppy eared puppy. &lt;3
When we do, let's try to word it politely? :) cc /u/skippybosco /u/NinjaPixies
Can you be more specific about where / how to get there? I'd love to go check it out!
Wow, thanks so much! This is awesome. OK it might be a stupid question, but is this relatively safe to do? I'm not concerned about the subway system itself, but more like if kids/drug users/whoever go there and might cause trouble for unsuspecting explorers.
I mean, point taken, but if this particular section is always unlocked, then my question still stands. I would like to do the official tour someday.
&gt; Huang also says he doesn't see himself making a return to the show. "I don't think so, and it's not like I'm upset, it's just that it's not for me and they're doing fine without me. I don't think the show needs me, nor do I need to be a part of the show. It's its own kind of organism now. That's fine. I put a baby up for adoption. It's tough. It's hard in the beginning but you live with the decision you make." He finally gets it!
Am I the only one who finds this joke to be in extremely in poor taste?
I will second Om Eco Cafe on Ludlow, which offers a special (delicious) brunch menu on Sun mornings, as well as a jazz quartet that usually starts around 11 AM. (Note: As always, if you sit close to the musicians, it's hard to have a conversation, so just consider your needs when choosing a seat.)
Because they're mocking it, not actually trying to do anything positive/productive.
Not make fun/light of it. Seems pretty basic to me.
Some of us already don't listen to WLW. Some of us just come to reddit, where people post things for comment.
Coincidentally I just did a self-guided mural walk around OTR/downtown yesterday! http://www.artworkscincinnati.org/public-art/mural-tours/ I don't think Art Works includes the murals on the NKY side of the Roebling Bridge, though. Those are great too. http://www.yelp.com/biz/roebling-murals-at-the-covington-riverfront-covington
Spoiler: It's a pic of her and Oscar Isaac from the Golden Globes last night. :)
"I'm taking this home for the Empire."
This would be my top recommendation as well. The bread basket alone is to die for. And they have valet! Top dishes: Gnocchi and bolognese. *Edit to add: Via Vite right on Fountain Square is like the little brother to Nicola's, and offers the same great gnocchi and bolognese for slightly less cost, plus gives you the ambiance (but also busy-ness) of being in the heart of downtown. If you park right underneath Fountain Square, you won't have to go far. But Nicola's is probably still more convenient.*
"Not too bad" is an understatement! I think La Poste flies way under the radar in this city.
You're totally entitled to that opinion, but could we please avoid using the word "retarded" in this fashion? Just one of many reasons why: http://www.denverpost.com/commented/ci_10351963 Thanks.
-_- This is not good news for those of us who would like the Sin Rostro storyline to wrap up... Also, I'm confused: &gt; Urman also teased some other characters that will make appearances in the back half of the second season, including Petra’s new baby... BABY? As in, SINGULAR?
A few years ago when I realized how hard it is for mixed race people to find donor matches, I joined the national registry. It's very simple to do, and it can save lives! (Note: if you change your mind later but are contacted about a match, you are not *obligated* to donate.) Please consider joining: https://bethematch.org/
Just noticed the .related-page issue myself and fixed it. Where would the .other-discussions-page come into play? Like, I don't know where to look or what that CSS applies to.
Update for those who are curious: Never heard back from /r/redditrequest people, which is disappointing. So those of us who wanted to mod /r/UnREALtv started making a new subreddit at /r/Unreal. Just as we were about to launch, we made one last attempt to contact the previously unresponsive /r/UnREALtv mod, and s/he actually added one of us as a mod! So we got what we wanted, just not in the way we expected it!
Thanks! Found and fixed on my subs.
All of the above, I bet! I'm excited for it too, though. I think the show can say/do a lot with that.
The City Museum is SO cool! Totally not recommended for pregnant women, lol, but great for quirky-loving active types and children.
Haha thanks, I think. :P Loose wiring is my first (completely layman) guess too. Or yeah, maybe temperature sensitivity of some nature, because we have landscaping lights that seemed to need cold rainy weather to stay on. But low voltage landscaping lights are more prone to being finnicky, from what I've read. Either way, they're acting stable now. Another thought is that *maybe* I didn't screw the inconsistent bulbs in tightly enough? Truth be told it's a pain to drag my 8 foot ladder out onto the porches to reach these things, and it's frigid outside, so I've been too lazy to check that, but I probably will next week unless someone here gives me a different suggestion.
Bad connections meaning I didn't screw them in well enough? Or in the wiring itself? Is it a fire risk?
+1. I essentially married into being a Bills fan 10 years ago, and this about sums it up. Honestly, the Bills are my #1 more because of Fred Jackson than because of my husband, lol.
Love 'em all but... \#2 - What is happening on Brett Dier's chin and how do we make it go away? \#19 - SO CUTE.
Thanks for the tips! I will try soon and report back. Out of curiosity: Are bad sockets difficult/expensive to replace? In the meantime, is it fine to have a bulb in them, or is it a safety risk?
OK thanks, I will get up there next week and see what I can do about making a better connection!
So true. My husband wears his Bills hat all over the world and we're always getting stopped by fellow fans.
I think it's unfair that you're being downvoted. Your opinion is valid, answers the question, and adds to the discussion. The downvoters are kind of making your point for you.
