Ojala y el gobierno tenga un plan de atención y no se repita lo del Cartucho.
Beware Guiding Light for The Resistance.
In an isolated system, the entropy can only increase.
Trump better do it, Christie sold his soul to him.
Don't forget the frame, you always need to frame it.
All within a secret plot from the Templars to hide in America.
It all comes down to the Annunakis and aliens playing with our genome.
It makes me sad, though, that the majority if not all events were "here, take this free pokemon" and not "OK, I'm giving you this ferry ticket to this island where you can catch Hoopa" or "bring this to that cave and use it to open an entrance where you meet Diancee".
I apply cream on the purple screen beyond my eyes to try to make them less noticeable. EDIT: I also have a Tumble account subscribed to all those "sad quotes" accounts.
I do that once in a while, then my balls start hurting.
Come on!
And the Olympics, full summer of sports.
What does the M stand for? EDIT: Thanks!
The Wall just got 10 feet higher.
I think they just went on a more digestible route, mainly on the singles. It also comes to how was Alex during the time he wrote the lyrics, which made the album less WPSIA and more Humbug/SIAS mix. They had an awesome marketing scheme and Domino made sure to focus a lot of resources on them. So, yeah, no sell-outs.
Incest, concubines and protecting m'ladies honour. MLP fanfic checks out.
He needs more GBP and Mom will only give him some if he gets a job or a girlfriend.
Celui-ci.
*In this moment, I am euphoric. Not because of any phony god’s blessing. But because, I am enlightened by my intelligence.* ~~Aalewis.
Lampard Never Forget.
Family reunions must have been awkward that year.
No Lahm, no Klose, it won't be the same.
What happened to Weidenfeller? The guy was quite good during the super Dormund of Klopp and Lewandowski.
What kind of app is this?
Thanks, sounds really cool.
Be Prepaaaaaaared!
I'm 19 and it would be You're So Dark. I love the references and the whole scene/character it paints.
There's even one for "how to make your family comfortable with you being naked all the time".
Male whore.
"They call it football too, how hard can it be?"
But 100k for a company like EA is pocket money.
I'm refreshing over 3dm and Skydrow, no release so far. You can check this forum too: http://cs.rin.ru/forum/viewtopic.php?f=10&amp;t=65592&amp;sid=d1f5387a39b502c0183331ef2ed03306&amp;start=165.
What did Di Maria shirt say?
"From 1 to 505, how high is he?" Damn, wish I had thought about the pun.
Who are those girls?
That was close.
You can bring 3 players over 23, like the UK did with Giggs in 2012.
Come on, Cuadradito.
So it begins, come on, Colombia!!!
Man, hope it was last year Cops America for "la muralla Murillo".
Hopefully Conte will know how to make him comfortable if he calls him back.
r/nocontext
Wenger pls.
Next in Civ VI.
"Jackson, Falcao", someday they'll return to their old kickass selves.
I guess it raises war tension so those wimpy democracies can actually do something.
Worst of all is that calling women "females" is expanding, I see more and more on Reddit.
Best Fucking Goal I've Seen In A Long Time!
New Arctic Monkeys album, new QOTSA album, what is this, 2013?
Listen up, chumps. Akatsuki is best girl! Vote for the cute ninja, bracket C!
The match one is really clever and the plastic cards one was really funny for me at midnight. Gotta practice those, the straw one blew my mind.
Despite all the hate that Mercy gets, it is awesome live.
New Halloween.
That's why you shall support Illyasviel.
The fat cats put a red tape to keep the truth confined.
Planes are pretty cool.
I really thought that was in! Come on, France, I'm rooting for you to win this.
Code Geass Kaguya lost, oh. Holy shit, Nagisa beat Ushio by a lot! Have you not seen After Story, r/anime? What is wrong with you? Go Akatsuki, best girl!
Seriously, r/anime, have you not seen After Story?
Hmm, thought it was 2013.
Well, seems like Queen Elizabeth is losing her crown then.
Dog, alchemy, meeting a professor, kids going on a trip... I don't like where this is going.
That's why I just tend to ignore the comments when I know what I said can be controversial. I can't be bother to fight about it.
As a newcomer to CK2 once I got my hands on a computer that wouldn't explode after 100 years of incest and murder, I tried to start as it is dictated, by trying to conquer Ireland. As the count of Daesmunhaim my dream was to unify the island of Eire and from there conquer the world. I managed to conquer the first counties and form the petty kingdom of Mumu. From there the world should have been mine. I striked and conquered another two counties from which a new petty kingdom emerged. I was though the most wealthy and powerful suzerain of Ireland. As I planned to conquer the rest of Eire and become an all-mighty King, sorrow and pain took ahold of my territory: my character had died, leaving others to pursue his dreams. Obviously the succession laws played against me, giving each of my male children a land title and dividing the force of the previous ruler. On one character it was enough to conquer the world, divided in two it was barely enough to withstand attacks from the neighbors. So did the dream of the count of Daesmunhaim died, watching from heaven how his children divided the land while invaders from Britain took Eire piece by piece. TL;DR: Tried to become King or Ireland but succession laws cockblocked me. How do you manage to create a kingdom when you lose half your power after death.
Yeah, but why is the UK called roast beef?
Why isn't Kerzhakov playing?
"Someone Elsekov", holy God, my ribs!
Come on, I want a win tonight but a tie is awesome as well, anything to beat the 'muricans.
We could be superstaaaaars.
There's balance in the force once again.
Do they have dogs burying bones in the field or what?
Fabra, he's in one, he's in two.
This shows how much of a gap exist between the started and the subs. We'll be waiting for you, Brazil, we don't want you to be late for the Olympics.
Must be an upgraded version, wasn't Hope #1 connected to a bunch of cables? Hmm, maybe those cables worked as fuel hoses.
It's simply "I'm not attracted/don't want to date you".
God acts in mysterious ways.
Fury hype!
I would love to have Exogenesis Symphony: Redemption back, it's probably not going to happen.
RIP Shaltear.
It's coming home, boys!
1v1 me bro IRL I will wreck you. Just kidding, I've never tasted Peruvian food. I've seen a lot of Peruvian restaurants spawn around Bogota lately. I'll have to see what the fuzz is about.
The fact is that people see what others have and want that. I had short friends say that boys only like tall girls. I think it is impossible to say that men only like one kind of girl. For you to be worried is normal and logical but trust me, short girls envy you and you'll find more than one man who will like tall girls.
Cops REEEEEEEEEE
And Illya is a fucking awesome cool character, specially for VN players.
Nick was the one who got his ass slapped at the Brits, or was it Jamie? Sure, Alex is cool as fuck but I like Matt. He's the second leader, he's always off doing side work with Homme or even TLSP and we share names. He seems like a cool guy to both hang out at parties or just grab a beer.
I know I've heard the song, I just can't remember the source. Still Take You Home?
Then they get that oddly allergy to catholic symbols.
I don't actually know the other character so I'll probably pass on the vote.
Are you a dog?
What a shame, he seemed like a really good player after that final against Boca.
[Heaven's Feel spoiler](/s "If the ending is the good ending, Illya's popularity is going to skyrocket").
Shit, I forgot to check if Nagisa had lost. Well, that's what you get for [After Story spoiler](/s "beating your daughter").
Bolillo, your thing used to be defending. I'm disappointed.
There are like 4000mts of difference between that match and this one. Edit: And you actually have a real coach now.
Yo siempre creí en tí, Bolillo.
~~Fricking smurf! I guess you don't like U de Chile or...?~~ EDIT: Ooooh, he killed someone.
The Venetian wonder sounds really OP.
Plus Theodora used to be a dancer, that's how Justinian met her.
If we live our lives in fear, I'll wait a thousand years, just to see you smile again. I was on this huge crush when I found out about Muse and this one just stuck with me like a close feeling,^( nothing happened with the girl, though.)
Only 5 songs though, we need more.
