No trouble with its water resistance?? That seems like a bit of a dangerous trip for an Apple watch.
Haha as an incredibly inexperienced paddler, this was my first thought!
Have you personally tested this? Because that's good to know... if it's true haha. Doesn't say that on the website.
Honestly, you should try cutting out carbs and dairy from your diet. Cleared up my eczema in only a few months! It sounds hard, but it really isn't after the first couple weeks.
Seymour Hersh's story about how the killing of Bin Laden was a lie. Not because I think that the story about killing Bin Laden was true, but because I really believe that he died of health problems between 2003-2008.
I don't see it... what are you referring to?
Thanks. I just bought the PassportPlus plan from AT&amp;T, and I'll be turning all of my apps off. I was just wondering if bluetooth can draw data for whatever reason. Like when my watch does heart rate, or checking the weather and other things it does in the background, can that consume data even with my phone not using it? That's my real question.
Fucking THIS! We just need to learn how to be skeptic about a fellow subscribers post without being a dick about it, while also not calling anyone who disagrees with a post a shill.
Agreed... They are just two cheeks of the same ass.
Rothschild is back now...
They are the reason for all the US interest in Syria right now, so you should probably care.
&gt; Note that none of Obama's executive orders would have prevented attacks like San Bernardino, Paris attacks, etc. No laws are going to stop the FBI from orchestrating these reminders of "WHY THEY NEED US!"
I mean, Oz may be a hack, but he did get a lot of shit for speaking out against GMOs.
If it isn't true, then why get all butt hurt about it and reprimand Lorne Michaels???
Really glad they don't come to /r/conspiracy for that...
Therizinosaurus, also known as a Deathclaw.
Two cheeks of the same ass
I thought it was "all for the old people"?
Just look at all that asbestos on the piping.
They can smell the menstruation!
Can you provide an example of some videos that you consider "CGI fakery"? I too am genuinely curious.
He said "front page"...
And if you like this, then definitely read Graham Hancock's new book, Magicians of the Gods. Mind = Blown http://www.amazon.com/Magicians-Gods-Forgotten-Wisdom-Civilization/dp/1250045924
Someone should let B.O.B know that.
You mean all of the data that NASA "lost" in the 70's? Yea, totally verifiable. Or what about the "moon rocks" that we brought back? When Holland tried to verify them, they found out it was nothing more than petrified wood. Where is this "verifiable evidence" that you speak of? Not trying to be a dick, genuinely interested.
You clearly have not done any research into this topic if that's all you think the argument is based on. Sounds to me like you are putting way too much emotion into your argument. If you are actually interested in having a civil conversation about this, give this a read. It's long, but worth it. http://davesweb.cnchost.com/Apollo1.html Edit: Or just downvote me... that works too.
I appreciate you taking the time to read this and respond. For the record, that link was just part 1 of 13 (just click next at the bottom of the page). The rest of the parts are extremely informative, and covered many points that I had never heard before (including your question about the pictures taken). The author does a great job at explaining his theories, the debunker's arguments, and why they don't hold water. Please keep reading, because there is a ton of scientific analysis to challenge what was done.
Or are they just trying discredit all of what he says by using his belief in flat earth?
Greatly appreciated! I'm still completely on the fence about this whole thing, so it's nice to hear some logic from either side.
I am also at work. Will respond later, otherwise my entire day will be shot.
Shooter 1: "Great idea. I'll check Facebook."
Executive orders.
Nowhere ITT does anyone call it a false flag. Just because this community entertains the idea that these events could easily be scare/control tactics, doesn't mean "actual bad things" don't happen. Bad things happen. Everyone should still ask questions. If no one does, then what's stopping TPTB from actually committing false flags? The MSM has become the most controlled, unreliable source of information there is. Just because they say something, doesn't mean it's true.
I never said a thing about Obama. Also, you seem to be uninformed about how executive orders work. http://www.cnbc.com/2014/01/28/executive-orders-what-they-are-and-how-they-work.html Looks like now you have learned something intelligent and useful today. Edit: Changed misinformed to uninformed
Obviously a complete gun ban would not be tolerated, but that's not what I worry about. It's the small, incremental actions that creep closer and closer to a complete gun ban. And while I agree with you a lot of people said that about Obama, Hilary has been WAY more vocal in her career about being anti-gun. It's pretty much the only opinion that she has been consistent with. (For the record, I'm not a Trump or Bernie supporter either. Gary Johnshon 2016!)
Spreading irrational fear is pretty much the name of the game. "Social control is best managed through fear". And at this point, I look at anyone who is a die-hard Republican or Democrat the same way I look at super religious people. They're just different sectors of the same organization. Or, to put it more eloquently, they're two cheeks of the same ass.
Too true, sir.
Religion or race doesn't matter to me nearly as much as the amount of media coverage an event receives. Anytime there are non-stop live feeds on every single channel, rampant speculation, and no visual evidence besides a bunch of clips of cops playing on a loop... Then you should start asking questions.
Have you read Magicians of the Gods? It's Fingerprints but with updated material/findings and theories. Totally recommend!
I just want to add one thing to this discussion. My biggest problem with the "mainstream theories" is not so much the plausibility of the mechanics, but more with the academic community that governs the theory. This video should illustrate my point. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=8Ziu2ygE_Wc What you see is Zahi Hawass, the worlds most respected and renowned Egyptologist, throwing a tantrum about Graham Hancock's presentation for the debate they had planned. Once I saw how closed minded and arrogant this guy was, I realized how much closer Egyptology is to a religion rather than science. The idea that his entire life's work has been a lie makes him completely closed to any new ideas, even if they are based on newly discovered evidence. I now assume this to be true for most (if not all) other areas of academia. Also why those who propose alternative theories are cast out of the scientific community, like they try to do with Graham.
Well what's your explanation for Göbekli Tepe? Edit: Feel free to respond whenever, I don't feel like getting into a discussion right now either.
Where did you see that it was an automatic weapon? I've been trying to find out if it was or not.
One way that something like this could be possible is if only a small amount of people that were actually in the club that night were in on it. Guy comes in with an AR and starts firing off blanks. Everybody is terrified and starts running for the exits. Once outside, they are no longer able to witness the events within the club. Obviously a decent amount of people would need to be involved, but that would be way more likely than everyone in the club being in on it. That way, there is at least some aspect of legitimate panic/fear/trauma/etc. because most of the people there just thought they escaped a real shooting.
That's what I figured, as most AR-15's are semi-auto. With such a high death toll/injury level, that makes me even more suspicious.
Probably just a ploy to get more time.
I completely agree, I was just stating how a "hoax" scenario would be possible, rather than a false flag.
Doesn't matter who wins, neither Hilary or Trump will be good for the people. If you really want someone who will (at least seriously try) to make a difference, Gary Johnson 2016!
That I would just chalk up to eyewitness unreliability. Embellishing the story for the cameras. Regardless, this entire situation is sketchy as fuck.
Interesting, it was there yesterday... Wish I could remember #5.
You're hurting this entire sub's reputation when you say stupid shit like that. Can't tell if you're serious or just trolling intentionally. I get what you're trying to argue, you just need to get a lot better at arguing/debating.
I don't need any evidence of dead people to tell you that you're shit at arguing your point. Be less abrasive, less emotional, and don't immediately result to insulting anyone who disagrees with you. If there is anyone here who needs to "shut that trap of yours" it's you, kid.
Apparently, everyone in Orlando still uses flip phones? I mean, come on, the most basic phones now have better cameras than what these videos show. Nobody with an iPhone got any footage??
&gt; Show proof or shut the fuck up There's some proof for you right there. You sound like a 13 year old in remedial English.
You should really turn this into its own post. Very reasonable and well said!
I would argue there is an equal amount of evidence for this event being a false flag as there is evidence that it really was just a "mentally disturbed gay Muslim"... Just saying.
Look around you, the evidence to the contrary is mounting. Things get more and more fishy with each new piece of data that is coming out. That being said, still not sure either way.
That's pretty cool actually, what app do you use?
We need to be careful with how we treat the trolls though, who are here strictly to make us look bad. Everyone must make an effort to downvote the obvious trolls, and upvote the logical/reasonable comments here.
I'm not saying that there aren't ever legitimate times to discuss criticisms of Israel or Judaism. I'm just saying it shouldn't ever look like every post getting tied back to THE JEWS like you see somewhere in almost every thread on the FP
I mean... yea that would be the obvious answer. I'm just proposing the idea to you that it wasn't just an innocent mistake made by a common user. Just go look at the post. The comments section should be sickening to any true r/conspiracy user.
Check again. If nothing looks wrong there to you, then you are part of the problem.
Excuse me?
Yet you feel the need to complain on both of them?
Noooo don't tell me that, I love Tim Robbins... I refuse to believe it!
That's one of the problems with the whole "crisis actor" idea. It's impossible to tell who (if any) are crisis actors, and who are just attention whores that lie and make up stories strictly to get their 15 minutes of fame. I would argue the latter for most of the time, but would not totally rule out the crisis actor thing either.
Two of the highest quality comments I've seen here in a while. Just awesome.
I've searched everywhere for a screenshot of any post he put on FB, and one doesn't exist. The only source I've been able to trace the information back to is a law enforcement official in Orlando said that Omar had 4 FB accounts connected to him, and that they deleted everything. They have now requested FB turn over any information that they gathered on Omar.
I have no doubt that those responsible for creating the fake phone call will possess the resources to produce an incredibly convincing fake. Otherwise, they won't risk being exposed and would likely just never release the tapes at all.
Facebook, Google, Snapchat (facial recognition data)... you name it! The problem with all of these companies is that they provide their services for free. As the old saying goes, "If something is free, you (your data) are the product being sold."
Investigative reporter Gary Webb was shot twice in the head, they ruled his death a suicide. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gary_Webb
You're damn right!
While I agree with what you said, that doesn't mean everyone who does that is a paid accomplice of the state for an anti-gun scheme.
It would make sense for them to secure a situation like that. But what happens if I have a legitimate injury, unrelated to a mass casualty incident, and go to that hospital for medical attention? Will I be turned away from entry? Or will I just be put in the queue behind the critically wounded?
That sounds sketchy to me.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nayirah_(testimony)
They don't want military veterans with prior combat experience on the same team as the citizens, in a revolution scenario. They'd rather take their chances with the regular citizens who have guns.
Superstation95 again? Who are they?? And how reliable are they?
That's like, the definition of what the Second Ammendment aims to protect
I'd tell you that you're mistaken. Not all are, sure. But saying none of them are is just inaccurate, sir.
I'm not on board with the hoax theory for this one. My money would be on FBI informants helping that kid kill people, then pinning it all on him when it's over "in the name of ISIS". Boston though... now that's a whole different story.
What if he called 911 to say that the FBI was trying to frame him for killing people and that he knew they were going to kill him...
Did you even attempt to read any of the links I provided?
Yes, everything in the calls except things like private information of the caller (name, address, etc.) http://www.miamiherald.com/news/state/florida/article83831332.html
You're very welcome! Another suggestion I have would be to check out the Audible version (if you're into that kind of thing). It is narrated by Graham himself, which made it SO MUCH BETTER the second time I read it. The material can get pretty dense at times, so hearing Graham read it was helpful and awesome. Now reading/listening to one of his other books, The Divine Spark. Also would recommend.
Everything is in the FBI's jurisdiction if they want it to be. The case gets taken out of the hands of city/state police once the feds step in and deem something a federal matter. That's how they are able to control the information from all of the "situations" that they involve themselves in.
"Mr. Bush, you don't live there anymore..."
If he's a fan of the Cockmeat sandwich. Edit: I was just quoting Harold and Kumar people, no need for the downvotes.
As much as I'd like to agree with everything you're saying... I still find it extremely interesting that this innocent "pizza shop owner" also happens to be the 49th most powerful man in DC?? Why? Source: http://www.gq.com/gallery/50-most-powerful-people-in-washington-dc
Absence of evidence does not = absence of a crime. While I agree, most of the "evidence" p-gate people are using is compltely speculative and circumstantial. However, there are plenty of pieces of information that have been uncovered that are indeed, HIGHLY suspicious, and therefore should continue to be investigated. All these people claiming that this is a completely crazy bull shit theory have not looked into it enough to see the tidbits of disturbing "coincidences".
http://www.dictionary.com/browse/patsy
Wow, ok now I'm starting to see what you mean. Before I was confused by the same thing as u/marko34. Is there proof that Comet is now using the part attached to it?
I will edit this response when I get home from work. I plan on giving you the examples that made me start to think that there is likely more too this whole thing than people are saying. Edit: Sorry everyone, forgot to go online when I got home. And I am now at work again, so I will post more when I am not at work. But to get you started, look into: -the connections between the CPP "shooter"'s dad -The actual photos from Alefantis' and company's instagram accounts that everyone found so disturbing, like the dick cumming pizza slices. (unfortunately, you'll have to look pretty hard as they have done a good job "scrubbing" these images from the internet). -high amount of connections to people involved in charities for disturbed or troubled youth, or Child Protective Services, or the Haiti organizations that work with unfortunate children. I'll be back later with references for the people who try to dismiss these. DISCLAIMER: I'm not stating anything to be explicit truths. All I'm saying is that there are certain parts of the story that make you wonder if these people might be on to something. At the very least, deserves to be looked into by proper authorities, rather than amateur investigators on reddit.
Link is no longer there anyway.
This video smells like low tide at the pier... way too perfect for what TPTB want right now. Further strengthen the racial divide, demonstrate how "racist" Trump voters are with the comment sections of any post involving this story so far (it's BAD, like too bad). I'm not saying these deplorables didn't actually kidnap the kid and torture him, I'm saying I'd bet the farm someone put them up to it... Edit: spelling 2nd Edit: ITT- "A theory questioning the mainstream narrative, in a subreddit for conspiracy theories? Downvote!"
I'm very familiar with inner cities, and I agree with pretty much everything you just said. However, I do not think it would be difficult to convince/entise/instruct these kids to do this, and promise them money and "immunity". Do you think it would be hard to find people in the inner city of Chicago that share their beliefs and are violent enough to willingly commit such crimes with permission and payment? Staged does not mean fake.
&gt;who the fuck is dumb enough to facebook live stream this in the first place? One thing that many inner city black kids know how to do pretty well is how to not get arrested. Dealing with cops (especially white), knowing the laws commonly broken by peers, it's sad but true. I find it highly unlikely that not a single person in that room seemed to try and hide their face from the camera, or even say "are you fucking stupid?! We're all going to jail if you put that shit on FB!"
What you just said is literally TPTB's entire goal. You should try to stop looking at this as placing blame on the left or the right, or the right winning, or the left is wrong... that's all a show; a distraction. The ones calling the shots are all on the same team. And their goal, is to divide and concur the people as much as possible in order to decrease the likelihood of a collective revolt.
No, I don't need to meet him in person or get a DNA test... just see him sign something with his PGP key. It's actually an extremely simple request (which is why JA did it in the first place). Have you seen the video of the technology that can manipulate YouTube videos live as they played and make it look like the speaker was saying different words? Too lazy to find it, but I gave you enough to google it. Shit is pretty scary. Even scarier when you consider if they allowed us to even know about that technology, how good are they now?
PGP key.
Captain Crunch?
