He was a great servant to Liverpool. He did slump in recent years but that happens to ageing players and anyways it's not like Liverpool were doing well in that period either. The abuse he gets is insane, I don't get it, a good player who got on with it, never complained or went to the media and he was never in the media for a negative reason!
I need to hear the sound!
*Drowning in comments calling him a pussy
Thats it, now to find out what the hell its called!
I apologize, normally I couldn't link it because it's an app on your phone but luckily someone uploaded it to youtube so [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bssFYCaGytA&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=2m28s)
Thank you sir!
What is it with all US city skylines that make them so beautiful?
I was born in 1995, I would have loved to live through the 80's. Just for the music alone, absolutely sensational, I bet!
Let's get Ings done too, so we can move on to better targets!
The comment "A future single mom" made me laugh way more than it should have
Great, love being able to go to a game!
Sure have, I attended the UCF Penn State game last summer!
That's fucking insane...
Imagine an emergency vehicle trying to get through this...
I'll miss those legs...
So much intent in it, I genuinely thought he threw the ball until I saw him turn back and run with it
The off season is in full effect!
He has lost a lot of weight since that was taken!
Lose the border, first one for sure!
As if we need more shitty press
Why is it that so many famous people are morons?
Pissed of TFB in the Cincinnati game was awesome, that game for me was a real statement of intent from New England!
For such a big dude, he has impressive quickness and mobility!
Some are, some aren't, lads on international duty but none of then would be in Liverpool, I would imagine!
Basically saying "we came joint 3rd in the league last year"
When he breaks the final tackle, I lost my mind, incredible effort and determination from Incredelman!
So much pressure on those knee joints!
He hits Lockette so hard, way to compete to get there and make the interception!
Nasty fall on the punters shoulder
Our sidebar bet with /r/colts?
Catholic schools!
Especially when Lynch reached the half yard line, I'm ashamed to admit, in that moment, I thought it was game.
Be on look out
It's actually insane how quick the whole site can just implode in a few days.
Need to change those background colors!
Absolutely nothing to hate about the afters either..... ayyy
Take it and run!
Oh come on, it's hard not to love Jules!
He's just a lad enjoying his off season, this happens to lots of people on holiday. It's just because he's Jack Grealish that makes this a big deal, stupid!
Having two wealthy clubs fight over him can only be good, more money for LFC!
Don't be silly, Ogre 2 didn't enter the game!
Glad they turned up, two guys who played hard for New England. Deserved their rings and deserved to celebrate with the greatest owner in sports!
Calling us fuckers isn't helping you out here
I'd love to hear Stevie's genuine, honest opinion on the state of LFC at the moment. All this praise about the club and its players recently has me skeptical!
£10m scares me, correct me if I'm wrong (don't know much about the kid) but that figure seems insane!
Some of the highest posts on here include the words "don't upvote"
Chi town is beautiful!
Maybe he's hinting about Gerrard in his prime, a box to box role, like the new Schweinsteiger, hopefully!
Is there a concert on in that park?
I'd have to agree!
Songs on most compilation videos are odd
Best punt returner in the game!
This is very, very intimidating! Huge appearance of power!
Like we stood in his way last summer. I hate all this "I'm a prisoner" press.
Yeah, crazy how someone's voice can turn you off instantly!
Great, delighted but we really need to get some proven talent in. This kid COULD be great, we need players who are great now!
Majestic
I'm assuming I'll get grilled for asking this but what's the big issue with Koptalk? I see lots of Liverpool fans talking unfavorably about it but never got some concrete reasons why? Could you clear this one up for me?
Cntrl + shift + n. On Google chrome! Edit: Apologies, misread your question. It's basically concealing your identity!
It was an inevitability though, more money than sense!
Dilated pupils!
I'm in love with the Kolo!
The legendary Al Michaels!
/u/itsNOSAJ thanks for these, they make the off season a little less painful!
Sure, it should, but it doesn't nowadays!
Gronkowski seems like a great all round dude. He's a chick magnet, he's a beast, deceivingly smart and he's a baller! God, I love Gronk!
Brady and our receiving core were so clutch on long 3rd downs last year!
Scar is a legend, super happy for him!
Is there a stream or anything? I'm so eager to watch Brady's team kick ass!
So, when will we have news? How long is the appeal supposed to last?
Just gotta make sure we can finish now, a top striker is needed!
This is literally dog heaven. Plenty of tennis balls and a swimming pool!
You're correct. Thanks for correcting me! :)
And said lean shall be bloody majestic!
[It was a good day!](http://www.dailyfx.com/forex_forum/attachments/gbp-jpy-pairs/254980d1383063709-gbp-jpy-pairs-good-day....jpg)
You say steady to me again... You'll be on the first plane back
A really really beautiful ex
[John Henry right now]( http://static.guim.co.uk/sys-images/Admin/BkFill/Default_image_group/2010/12/27/1293462616947/John-W-Henry-007.jpg)
One of Tom's most critical throws last year was a deep ball. To LaFell against Baltimore!
Builds strong character!
Both of you dodged bullets on this one, she's full insane!
Would Firmino not get some extra time off due to international duty?
Thought I was in ~~/r/news~~ /r/worldnews for a minute. Thanks for this though, I personally wouldn't have thought of that prior to this thread!
Cut throat in the corn store!
I'll admit that this appointment does concern me due to his lack of experience but I'll reserve judgement until we get into the season. But from first thoughts, I fail to see how this is an upgrade on Colin Pascoe!
Was Suarez gone for the 2014 edition? Seems crazy to leave him out?
Liverpool should have players like Torres, Suarez and Gerrard in every position, our current squad has no one near that level!
1970, just so I could personally experience the awesome music of the 70's and 80's!
Replace special teams with kicking game...
5th consecutive punt, says it all, really!
Garoppolo should've started!
Our performances on the road have been terrible, having to go on the road in the playoffs scares me
I think predicting New England going 12-4 is safe, no matter how tough the schedule is, we always seem to get around the 12 mark!
They did come to Foxborough for 3 years in a row!
Even a wall wouldn't stop New England from tearing the NFL a new one...
Let's hope that Miami was that Monday night game in Kansas City and in two weeks the team will play the divisional game in Foxborough like they played that Sunday night game against Cincinnati, we're on to the bye week!
His down field blocks are really good!
Not to mention our opening TD in the super bowl!
Damn, Collies are a smart breed!
I'm not sure there'll ever be another coach that's as tactically good as Bill Belichick ever again!
