He thought she was Arab or Middle Eastern and just wanted to be nice to her. After the fact that he explained it meant something in Arabic, they were still angry and didn't want to hear any of it because they googled it and some ugly result came up. So they assumed that's what he necessarily meant and that he was being racist. Assuming the worst you know.
A Muslim would love to hear that actually, you just happen to be Arab but not Muslim. Who wouldn't love to be greeted by peace?
More real*
US Citizenship is granted after 3 to 5 years depending on the situation. We can't tell if he was born and raised in America.
Cashier mispronounced but he later clarified he thought the woman was Arab.
Arabic is the language, Arab the person.
He saw him coming
Looks like the tree grew in between the rocks
&gt;blonde You're a woman with a beard?
I assure you some of it will fall inside
I don't get it
[Blond vs. Blonde](http://grammarist.com/usage/blond-blonde/)
I think I showed them my bank statements. It was a J1 visa, so I went for an internship that was compensated but still they wanted proof I could support myself should the compensation be lower than the living wage or you get fired or your company gets bankrupt. I don't think I had more than $4K in the bank at the time. Not sure about F1 visas. There is a specialized forum where you can get specific answers on the subject. visajourney.com
He thought she was Arab. Someone said there were quite a lot of Arab and Middle Eastern customers shopping at that location.
"Wide" matrix gap
[sheaply.com](http://www.sheaply.com) - Selling space in your luggage by helping someone ship things overseas faster and cheaper
You can use X-Rays and scan the shipments after they are handed to you. But considering sending documents through FedEx or UPS costs about $100. This can be a good alternative.
Maximize your chances by going to a big metropolitan area. There is a lot of diversity in the DC area/ Northern VA. Weekend Arabic classes exist in almost every masjid. Exclusivity on having other kids Moroccan is not guaranteed. Why do you want the whole class to be Moroccan? If that's not what you meant, there are big chances there will be other Moroccan kids at ANY weekend Arabic class in the US.
Are you a Moroccan or a foreigner? I think you should specify that in the description because the nature of the questions will greatly change.
That depends on where the server is located.
How early?
You can't have the 2 at the same time I guess
As a Muslim, I will continue to be the Muslim that I am before, during and after the existence of ISIS. Growing my beard and trying to look like Moses, Jesus or Muhammad peace be upon them.
I don't get it. You're American but currently live in Morocco? And you want to drop one of the sisters off at her home after inviting them and leaving her with money? I'm a little confused. In any case, Moroccans still expect you to fight over who is going to pay. Not resisting can be seen as rude. One way to assert that you are going to pay is by offering to go out in advance to places they haven't went to or don't know like "bowling". You should have paid since you have initiated the trip. Maybe they wanted to help partially for it. I hope this helps, but I'm sorry if your story is not clear to me.
Did you know you could use it as the metallic clicker inside a homemade hand warmer?
I doubt it's the first guy to graduate. Maybe they made it a tradition to do this for all fresh graduates to kind of encourage the younger generation. Kids would graduate just to be carried on this throne
Not acting or pretending just grabbing part of the "throne".
It is possible but it would require an enormous amount of organization and coordination. I suspect that each and every person owns their apartment there and they have absolutely no community management. Also people can be working different unstable jobs. So the finances to make one big system won't be there at the same time. In the Arab world, satellite TV came like a progressive wave. First it's rich people who had it, then the richest guy on the block, then the less rich and so on and so on until everyone was able to afford a dish eventually. Newly built buildings do have one dish with several LNB heads or one dish per satellite for the entire building. If you had one dish directed to one satellite it's not going to serve 100% of the people at 100% of the time. These dishes have a motor that turns it to the right satellite and different channels are on different satellites.
البلدان العربية = Arab countries Thank me later ;)
Why didn't you call it terrorism when your co-workers were murdered?
Insanely cheap.
I assume those would be Crown Vics
I'm just helping him get smarter on the long run.
What if someone's wife writes the check forges what looks like an identical signature then the guy comes complaining?
But you would have approved a signature that is not genuine.
Agreed. The good thing is that it's never a recording and there is always a person behind it.
It looks more like Chipotle with all the veggies
Can't your brother or his husband give birth though?
I think it's a girly bike. They like it. It fits them well, so be it. Don't put yourself on the bike and see how it's going to look.
What's the price like over there?
those* people. And more like their actions to be specific.
That's not the right way to handle things. A husband would want to hear what is wrong with his wife instead of her telling him just what he liked because eventually the pressure needs to be released and it's not getting released on his side.. That's how infidelity issues start and you can carry over the analogy to many other fields and sectors.
Both are intoxicants and both are haram. There is nothing that harms the body that is halal. Except perhaps excessiveness in a totally subtle halal action.
They are called paws
If you call kissing and hugging on the streets an improvement of moral values...
Bigger breasts means a higher level of fecundity. A man would go after one to get kids, and eventually with kids comes money. A rich man not needing more kids goes after a less fecund woman.
I see it as western foreign policies to dominate and divide and conquer backfiring in an unexpected way.
I heard that complaint is fueled by the Iranian camp and is a little overrated.
I always have the habit of spelling the state regardless of how it's written.
I would think you would give everything to your kids..even if it's inconvenient for you. Or get your kid theirs, because obviously if you're eating in front of your kid they would want some.
I hope you're not serious. Earth is not 2016 years old. Jesus was born 6 BC just so that you know..
Good, you got the morale out of it!
Well, you need to cope with weed severage rather than filling the void with something else. Now, you need to quit drinking.
It's all an illusion, watch out.
How did that affect your relationship with your mom in terms of trusting her again? Did your level of trust in her get lower? Did she take you seriously once you grew older?
I don't have kids, but I have a different relationship with my parents. And if everyone got their treat, no, I wouldn't go after theirs.
It's a calendar that was started at some point in history. Earth is several millions of years old. Are you a teenager or younger?
Yes, it is. I bet you have never read it. It's not some book. It's divine words.
This is an intimate topic we're talking about. Hugging and kissing between opposite genders or some crazy abnormal homosexuals.. so obviously they're referring to some passionate hugging and kissing, duh. I'm done with you.
Does that mean AJ+ will be done?
Amazon has contracts with 1-800-FLOWERS and the order goes in seamlessly to local florists.
The least I can say of the road from Chefchaouen back to Tetoutan is dangerous. (Tetouan-Tangier is fine). Be cautious and use a lot of defensive driving. If you have never driven in Morocco, know that just because someone has a stop sign they will stop and wait for you to pass, if there is space they'll try and fit in before you reach them, causing you to break frequently in these situations. Some cars might force themselves in your way to change lanes or go in another direction (NYC style). Be careful of all these unpredictabilities.
You became gay. FTFY.
I have done A1-R405-A2 back and forth many times when I went to school in Meknes. Straight line. EDIT: The other alternative goes through small towns and villages and is obviously slower. A1 and A2 are highways (toll worth the gas and the money) that's why it's quicker and safer.
You got it.
Probably Trump, no one wins the lottery.
Make that stinky French cheese like Camembert.
The burden of splitting the shares would fallback on the company
They are not heavier than the air around to sink, unless it's an air with different properties or different heavier molecules.
As an Arab keeping eye contact when addressed by parents is important and throughout society as a whole. Being scolded is different.
*feetsies*
It's not the planes that caused the buildings to *entirely* collapse.
[Neurosurgery](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ji7fohBEPnM) **WARNING:** NSFL and blood.
True. But if we look around us, isn't it that everything must come to an end? Nothing ever lasts. Plus we have no evidence for reincarnation but we have a lot of evidence for day of judgement.
No, but a lot of other people will be interfering, the quality of the communication will decrease.
Dudes are dancing around chanting Arabic things prophet Muhammad peace be upon him taught people. It's just that it's not how it was intended to be used and therefore is a different thing than what God approves. Plain simple.
Probably her reaction when she saw those kids jumping in the airport..
You mean they will not program them to do 5 over?
Someone molested you at a young age?
Relou
I'm not here to convert, no one can change a person's heart except by God's permission. Just from the few replies I'm getting here I'm getting my answer. Basically people who are curious to find the truth end up Muslim, the rest drift away from Islam and silence those big questions inside them.
Could have made something at home for her :)
Get up early. &gt;"Early to bed early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise" B. Franklin
Next time you go to the lab, don't trust that *OUT OF ORDER* sign. Try to turn some on.
Movie-going done right.
This is already the case in Morocco and for 5 years. This is not even just for startups, any services company.
Thank you for your message and your interaction with me on this subject. &gt;I'd never become a Muslim in this scenario That's exactly how 20 000 Americans revert to Islam post 9/11. Deep down inside each and everyone of us, there's this question about the purpose of life and our existence on earth. Some people choose to figure out the answer, others party every weekend trying to silence the voice inside of them. Many people came to Islam just by praying to Allah and asking Him to guide them, they were not looking for Islam or the Quran, but ended up embracing the religion because they had a great eagerness to find the truth and they eventually did. Good for them. May Allah guide them even further. I personally know many reverts whose parents are not Muslim, whose parents actually hate Islam. &gt;And a bad Muslim will eventually make it to the paradise because of Chafa3a It's not automatic, a Muslim is someone who does the 5 pillars (minus Hajj which depends on circumstances). Technically, if someone prays 5 times a day and builds his life around prayer. His life is shaped by this act of worship and this constant connection with Allah. If you have ever reached khuchu' (concentration) in your salah you'd know what I'm talking about. If not, sorry to tell you that you dropped out before feeling the taste of faith. &gt;That's not the biggest unanswered question, it's one of many. I asked for the biggest, you gave me this really easy question :) &gt;if you are trying to prove something to me Just trying to see what kind of Moroccans are on reddit and why do they brag being ex-Muslims. &gt;Don't be sure of yourself, no one who ever tried to convince me escaped without letting me shaking his beliefs. Just shake it. Islam is my religion and it is the absolute truth and I'm not afraid to defend it and turn over every rock and talk about any subject you'd like to talk about. That's how you figure out the truth from falsehood, getting to the bottom of it and not giving up midway. &gt;So even if Allah shows himself to me in person, I'll refuse to obey. Enough said. &gt;we shouldn't be trying to convert each other I'm calling you to the way of Allah. The right way. If you refuse, so be it. It's your choice. Just warning you of possible consequences on day of judgement. I have no power to convert you or change your heart. Only Allah can change a person's heart. And he will not change your condition until you are willing to change yourself. From deep within yourself. I thank you again for all your answers. And please consider going back to Allah's straight path. He will forgive all your past sins. Do so as long as you're aware of it and as long as you're alive. Deep within yourself you know that you did not leave Islam because Islam didn't make sense, but maybe because you started hanging out with the wrong crowd that influenced you negatively, or perhaps you moved to a western country and could not keep up with practicing your religion, whatever it is, you know the answer. Thank you.
Is that one of those Facebook clone scripts? :)
Second time I see this today. At least this time it's not upside down.
Your choice. Your consequences. Just don't turn your back to the truth. Be open.
The exhaust needs a little tuning..
Copper is toxic. Silver makes you look pretentious.
Yeah, I'm good with this sub. And you don't technically count since you don't live in Morocco and are thinking about getting rid of your citizenship.
I replaced the 4S back cover and it didn't come with a logo. One with a logo (took off from genuine iPhones) only costs about $3 on eBay but that would make my iPhone pretty usual. I'm keeping it like this.
Looks like Canada..
What are the chances of that living outside the warmth of a body for long periods of time?
Orange is a telecom company in Europe
It's probably more than an absolute 0. It just didn't make it through marking the cooking as DONE in its memory and the rest of the processes that go with it. On another note, I dislike it when people leave any amount because the next person will have to clear things up before setting the timer again. A waste of time.
That scale is absolute. Obviously at 0 Kelvin were nothing moves it would be the same on Rankin's scale. Neither of those can be negative by the way.
How is that different in terms of performance?
