Yeah but how did you get into that position in the first place?
Right, but while all this shit was going down, they just decide to move into an expensive apartment in one of the most expensive cities in the country?
The road signage trailer has Michigan plates. So it's Michigan.
Again, the road sign there in the first picture, upper left, has Michigan plates.....
So they could move back in with their parents to save up some cash before they move somewhere more affordable?
Clearly the only solution is just to be broke forever in SF.
Also Thurs-Saturday is a massive [Country on the River](https://countryontheriveriowa.com/) concert lineup.
Trapped, yet unwilling to try and get out of the situation.
ONR is underrated
Deer are a problem in maryland because of their liberal politicians.
You seriously need a security consultant (+ audit) and leadership buy-in. Might be easiest to convince leadership to put up for a complete infosec/physical security audit, and then once they see all of the glaring holes they may be willing to put up the money to fix the problems.
As someone from NE this doesn't surprise me at all. What's strange is when I'm traveling and people ask "Nebraska, isn't it cold there?" I'm like yes, it's cold there, in the winter. And it's hot in the summer. We call these "seasons".
I'll take 125 in Afghanistan over 90 in Nebraska any day. The humidity kills.
Google it, there's a lot of aftermarket shades out there. Or for those who don't give a fuck about what other people think, [there's this](http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/31H5umO0eRL.jpg).
You wanna know what our trick was? Our doctor made us do this. Give the kid a bottle, and then just lay him in the crib and walk away. We used to rock him to bed and we were idiots because we conditioned him to need to be rocked. After we started just laying him to bed immediately after the bottle, no rocking, he would cry for 5 minutes then give up and go to bed. He's over a year old now and he's been sleeping great ever since.
Explain companies like Tesla.
A majority of the feds I know are republican.
You're right dude, all these farmers are just willingly eroding their own land like idiots. No.
Dude, you're right. You're a random redditor and you know more about farming than farmers do.
Can confirm from Nebraska. Once you get into a town smaller than 50k people there's only going to be one or two places to work out. Any smaller than 10k or so, the only gym in town is at the school.
Ice cream isn't dairy?
That wheat lobby game was strong back then.
Have you heard of /r/keto ?
I just saw that too, however, I thought to myself good for them. They're not selling some bullshit meal plan. They're selling the simplicity of identifying portion sizes for different foods, and letting you do the shopping on your own. In every thread like this, there's always someone saying they never learned portion sizes until recently.
It's a lot easier to avoid that candybar than it is to run a mile or two.
And those people can do the math. 150 calories per serving * 3 servings per container = 450 calories per container. You all are delirious if you think an extra number on the label is going to solve our country's obesity epidemic.
God knows this would only accelerate the grocery shrink ray effect. Choose our product, it has 100 calories less per package than the competitor!* *Our package is 10 oz less for the same price.
Her goal is commendable. The implementation, however, was horrid.
Didn't that jamie oliver already basically debunk this?
The whole food desert thing has already been debunked. And guess what, even if all you had was junk food, but you only ate 1500 calories of junk food a day, you wouldn't be overweight! You can "look" healthy by eating nothing but little debbies or mcdonalds or whatever.
&gt;If you've got a BMI of 30+, you're almost certainly fat. Right, almost certainly. Unless you're muscular at all. BMI only looks at height and weight, and muscle is heavy. Think of the average NFL running back. Those guys aren't fat, but they're "obese" according to BMI. Really every conversation mentioning BMI should switch to body fat %.
Building more muscle results in burning more calories. more muscle from weight lifting makes your cardio more efficient. But really, they could be swapped. Either is better than nothing.
Right, when I shop for BBQ sauce the first and second ingredients better be ketchup or molasses. But really, any bbq sauce is going to be big on sugar...that's what it is.
meat doesn't even need to be lean. where did this idea come from? lean meat is just as idiotic as fat free yogurt.
Tuxes don't fit your body that tightly man, wth.
I don't follow. They made the dress too big for your boobs, therefore is was too tight?
Right but they're [not to this level yet](http://www.ca-bridal.com/images/prom-dresses/weekly-deal-bridesmaid-dress-2012-012.jpg) where you have to watch your figure for three months.
Yeah totally agree. Somebody's buying it tho. People are idiots.
I would argue that whole grains that convert to sugar in your body, covered by more sugar, is still mainly junk.
Yeah, it should be. It'd be weird for it to be anything else.
As opposed to the alternative liberal train of thought where each and every problem should be forcefully solved by the federal government. The best solution is somewhere in the middle.
&gt;it is an approach that produces a health care system now ranking 37th in the world, below many third world nations But by what metrics? Because as far as I can tell, if I want the newest, latest, best treatment for my rare disease, I want to be going to an American hospital. As an example, just recently with the ebola outbreaks those people are being sent to my hometown of Omaha for treatment.
Two Rivers SRA is good. Check the Nebraska Game and Parks site for a complete list of all fishing lakes.
Big surprise, yet another redditor who doesn't think reddit leans left. Everyone in here is saying ricketts is an idiot, a fuckwit, a tool, whatever, but nobody is backing up these statements. How did you come to this conclusion? Oh, he's a republican, therefore he doesn't hold liberal values, therefore he's an idiot and a tool? Astute analysis there. I mean, I don't even vote anymore because everything pisses me off, but when I see people so vehemently against somebody, I'd at least expect to see a few reasons to justify why. But I don't, and I never do. So I stand by my elementary assumption that we all should hate him because he's rich and has an R next to his name.
Think about what you're saying though. Even when wal-mart is "doing the right thing" by having paid check out folks and self-checkouts, **the customers are still choosing** the self checkouts over the employees.
You're being a bit ridiculous here, don't you think? This is a company with billions of dollars on the line to make sure these systems work right. Redundancy, safe fail overs, backups, etc. This isn't some unsolvable problem. Computers put robots on mars, control satellites, ships, rockets, drones, nuclear power stations, etc. I think we've advanced to the point where we can engineer a computer system to reliably take a fucking order at McDonald's.
If you were to walk into the ER in the US with ebola, you'd get treated just like that Doctor did. Not saying our system is good for the poor, but if you have cancer or ebola or whatever, you're going to be cared for. The real problem is the lack of preventative care.
Well you have to pay for Obamacare now, so how's that working out for you?
Ok, now back to the real world.
No, I don't. I'm almost certain that the latest medical research and breakthroughs quite consistently come from the US. I'm open to being proven wrong though.
I know, we should make the taxpayers cover your problems instead.
I remember growing up and my parents would always blindside me when we needed to leave or it was time for bed and I hated it. However I distinctly remember when I was being a brat my dad would always ask "Do you want a spankin now or later?" I would always say "later...." and then I'd start acting better and "later" rarely came. I have a toddler now and I plan on doing the same. It works!
Which strangely enough this same system is used in marketing and sales. When you buy any major item there's always the cheap shitty option, then the better option that is 1.6x the price of the cheap option, and then the best option that is 1.8x the price of the cheap option. This works for everything from household appliances to carpet to beds to vehicles. Even french fries at mickey d's.
&gt;The US system kills more people that any war the US is waging right now. What? Sauce me bro.
That sucks, they should develop some kind of "patching" process or something to fix those things!
Fuck, you're right. Nobody is ripped and has a high BMI.
No it doesn't, bmi only goes by height and weight.
I guess my friends and are I that grew up playing football are just anomalies. I don't think the numbers you cite are rare for football players (non-linemen), especially at the college and pro levels.
Protip: If you don't want your employer seeing it, don't do it on the employer's network. Bonus protip: Don't meet your weedman in the police parking lot. Both tips are quite similar.
Sure, but if you're an employee doing this, you're going to no longer be an employee.
Do any of you actually research into *why* certain foods ever became subsidized before you open your mouths?
Corn can be a fruit, a vegetable, and/or a grain, depending on it's variety and growth stage; and depending on what part of the plant you are referring to. Just one example of the arguments for all three. http://empirezone.blogs.nytimes.com/2007/06/11/corn-vegetable-fruit-or-grain/?_r=0
And something like 80% of more of those "farm subsidies" are for the food stamp program.
We do subsidize demand. Something like 80% of "farm subsidies" go to the USDA food stamp program. http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/wonkblog/wp/2013/07/10/is-it-time-for-food-stamps-to-come-out-of-the-farm-bill/ I wish more people knew what they were talking about before criticizing that which they are ignorant of.
Except a hurricane you know it's coming days in advance.
Yeah, I've only ever worked in one of those categories you listed so I don't know any different. We've got lots of countermeasures in place to stop your attack there at various points but I'm sure in 95%+ networks your methods would be successful. I'm not sure what you're getting at concerning the DNS queries though.
&gt;No one calls those farm subsidies, they are just in a farm Bill. Bullshit, 99.9% of people referring to the farm subsidies are referring to the total farm bill, and are ignorant of what's actually in it. &gt;I never said we didnt subsidize demand, I advocated subsidizing demand instead of supply. Of course. Please do explain then, why you would advocate for subsidizing demand if you already knew we subsidized demand? &gt;Thus more food stamps, and similar programs for nations with hunger issues. *More* food stamps? It's almost as if you ignored the part where food stamps are the single biggest expense, by far, in the farm bill. How fucking ironic. &gt; My point was supply side subsidies were bad Ok, then prove your point. Because you haven't yet. &gt;You were the one who spoke out of your ass. TIL coming in here with "facts" and "citations" equals speaking out of my ass. We can only pray I will ever correct the err in my ways.
Ok, I didn't know what you were referring to there initially. Yes, you can use DNS as a covert channel.
My biggest problem is the search function only provides links to conversations that happened *in the past*. Many times the OP is in search of current answers.
It wasn't this way until recently. There's no use making fun of a car that has 300+ hp, I don't care if it's a 4 cylinder or a fucking go kart at this point.
I look at them like the old eclipse.
Huh, I guess I don't really pay attention to it until the national news forces me too. I just find it strange when people think they can compare a hurricane to a tornado.
My mom always said "I'm your mom, not your friend".
What's different about the southeast than the rest of the US that justifies putting a trash can in the bedroom?
Not in the metal can you don't.
There is. Now all we get is politicians who are already personally rich.
Fuck yeah! Now nobody can compete with the wealthy candidates like Donald Trump!
Yeah, people should totally just assume you're having problems!
I don't understand why we're encouraging shaming of people who are just being friendly?
Trades: A viable alternative to college.
dafuq? People have both of them but don't understand them?
Don't forget to simply define for them what an asset is and what a liability is. Such a simple concept. Asset puts money in your pocket, liability takes money out. Your new Jordans, Xbox One, car. All liabilities.
I'm sorry but this is absolutely idiotic. Even in the midwest $38k is not a lot of money. You're setting yourself up for failure and disappointment.
Yeah, they're quite different, that was my point. At least with a hurricane you have plenty of advance warning in order to GTFO.
Nope. Do some real research on how these subsidies came into existence. In addition, do some research how biofuels are made. And 80% of farm subsidies go directly to food stamps.
I'll have to look into how to do that. I've been working on doing more repairs as time goes on. I was thinking about junking it soon but I guess if it's something easy like that then I'll hang on to it.
Research how subsidies came to be. They haven't been around forever, so why do we have them now? Also understand how ethanol is made from corn, and what type of corn is used for it, and what parts of the corn are used for it. What would be done with this corn otherwise? Everything is so much more complex than you appear to understand. http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/wonkblog/wp/2013/07/10/is-it-time-for-food-stamps-to-come-out-of-the-farm-bill/
My God, totally forgot about that one.
Are you a cradle robber?
That's what I figured. Everyone wants to make it more complicated than that.
I'm clueless as to why you say this. Perhaps I'm just too young.
If animals eat the corn, and then we eat the animals, does that count as food?
That's because Kroger is expensive too. Eye opening news I know.
My favorite is when people want grass fed ribeye. That's how you know someone is an idiot. The same with ordering ribeye well done.
Depends where you live of course. When I was out east, Kroger and Safeway and Giant were expensive. Here in Omaha we have Baker's (Kroger) which is expensive here too. But we have a place called Hy-Vee which is based out of Iowa, and it's super affordable and yet has all the benefits of the other more expensive places. Hy-Vee seriously kicks the shit out of any other place I've been to. We also have Super Wal-Marts and Targets with groceries that are competitive too. The Wal-Marts here are nice, clean, and well-kept. I had always wondered why they had a bad reputation, but after traveling to some other parts of the country I understand.
Thanks. I found an eric the car guy video for it, I'll start there. Someone else suggested a thermostat, I should check that too.
Which came first, corn as feed, or corn subsidies? Additionally, we should gain some knowledge on additional reasons to feed corn to cattle. Here in Nebraska, we're proud of our "corn fed beef". Contrary to ignorant belief, cattle are not fed corn their entire lives. Most cattle graze for most of their lives, and are sent to a feed lot to be finished on corn before slaughter. Finishing on corn adds additional marbling, aka flavor, which is exactly what customers want in their beef. In fact, a basic education in the USDA grading system tells us that more marbling results in a higher grade of beef. It's a win win. Corn is an affordable cattle feed and also results better tasting, higher grade beef. And no, corn as feed isn't "more profitable", because the savings are passed on to the consumer.
&gt;Direct injection is great for fuel economy but terrible for carbon buildup. Right. I'm looking at getting a 2016 tacoma and I was surprised when they announced that the engine would have both port and direct injection. I thought surely they must know what they're doing...and this is why. Direct injection for when it's needed but port injection too deal with the carbon buildup. I will never buy anything other than a Toyota or Honda from now on.
Some good templates for some of these are available here: https://www.sans.org/security-resources/policies/ /u/Rehendril
Judges are infallible I guess.
