Looks like your pizza had a stroke.
Yea that's pretty good. Hold onto it!
Rugrats, solid
You should probably take the words off at the bottom too, makes it cheesy
Yea I get the time zone thing. Maybe change PM to CST?
Marude: Candystorm
Not even a single shot.
That's OK, because the labor was not done on the sabbath. Labor is good. Labor on that sabbath is bad.
I can't find the short article she mentions in the post but I did find this: http://abc7chicago.com/news/victim-claims-attack-in-chicago-park-was-racially-motivated-/765406/ I hope they get justice.
They do it to me every time.
Jet fuel can't melt something eve related
Ooh good to know. I'm pretty powerful though, I have all 5 war Chiefs and the whole top row in the second area, made the end really easy. I'll just brand and betray, the usual orc business.
Yea they actually need to be removed by the parent. Talk to your pediatrician.
/r/nosleep is fiction.
Why did they get to inbound it from the sideline instead of the baseline?
Ach makes sense, thanks.
Aww we all know the school will not change its decision come hell or high water
Sorry I'm not too sure what your question is. Are you asking how to make a deal with the devil? I don't think there is one hard and fast way. My faustian bargain came this way- I was at the music store, and there was this bitchin guitar. It was 700 big ones though, and I didn't have that kind of money! So I left. Outside though, there was this man. His skin was pale white, his face covered by a black hood, but I could see his eyes- baby blue. He offered me the money on exchange for my soul. I was never a fan of Blues, so I took the deal. The sucker though- he gave me the check and just walked away! Never even asked how to collect his. Anyways the check was good and I got the guitar. In retrospect I wish I had asked to be good at it. I can never find the time to practice, and I only know a few chords, so it basically just sits there in my living room. I'm thinking about trading it for a PS4. Anyone want it?
Seriously though! It's opposite on phones and computers too. It kills me.
Yea 2013 was mild, but they won it away. CPD is good at crowd control, they can force dispersals.
Yea the whole shoulder to shoulder to horses thing is a great idea. People will give shit to cops, but not to horses.
They've probably watched the show and seen people complain, or they are specifically told to complain to create 'drama'
No spoilers here.
Can you imagine a burger with all sauces? More like a sodium soup.
I love kincades, on Tuesday and Thursday? Best wings, so cheap.
I think that is what every low end restaurant worker does.
500 trips and 12,000 rides? That comes out to 24 rides a visit. Is that even possible?
It's such bs!
Come on, pride leaves a much bigger mess. And there are not usually 50 arrests in the area on a Sunday night.
Good offer, too bad I'm 300 miles away and also drinking at home.
To be fair, the ref kept signalling the hold, even Rivers signalled it in a convo with the ref.
Same
RIP Chargers
Of you win, it WILL be peyton
Dude you're in the playoffs have some dignity.
Pure Hate directed at Denver, I'm sure.
Just dropping it constantly.
It's a black joke
You're just mad cause when the bathrooms are labeled 'ladies' and 'gentlemen', there's nowhere for you to go.
I STILL haven't gotten my refund from last year. At this point, I am just counting those 75 dollars as gone.
Oh /r/chicago. At least it's not as racist as it was a couple of years ago.
Holy shit her hands are huge! Johnny Bench called.
I noticed it immediately.
Are you a porn star?
Reach for the stars my friend. Even if you miss, you'll land upon the stairs.
Good to know.
Agreed, he sprang up so fast
Wrists can't be down
No
Haha I wish. 1990 man.
It seems insurmountable
I've seen this one a hundred times
Agreed
Echo
Yea howbout it? No helmet though
Noooo
If it's a big office, you probably won't get enough for an island.
Mixed.
it says you're a damn good Cincinnatian.
"I was shitposting on reddit." "Checks out."
Ha a lot of people are rooting AGAINST the Cardinals for the same reason. I dunno if I want him to get a ring.
The ONLY reason I would want the Pats to win is to watch Goodell have to hand the damn trophy to Brady.
How did she stop for the wrong reasons?
Holy shit I am DEFINITELY buying these now. They literally made that family happy!
Rule 2 please!
He likes Bernie Sanders.
Damn synths
It deserves a penalty, but 15 seems like so many. I can see it in other instances, where they actually use it to get a competitive advantage.
Lol
It was a veerry long 1.
Nope, they just know the count as well as the Pats.
Not even a FG, a PAT
I am sick from laughing
Tillman dancing?
He's still wearing pads
This took place in Indiana.
Someone was out for a play, but they rubbed some 'ointment' on it and they were OK.
Oh god...
Isn't that where half the adult male population was convicted of child porn and abuse?
Interestingly, most of the island is Google Street view accessible.
Wait so you paid him the full purchase cost, and he squandered it on something else? That sucks. The car title AND loan is in his name, right? If so, you could just walk away from the car and tell him you aren't paying anything else. Unfortunately that would mean you essentially paid him for nothing, but it may be better than throwing money at a car that is not even in your name.
Who... Whose number 2?
Ahh come on, it was early, no coffee yet, AND I was commuting on the train. I'm leaving it.
But then I'd have no money...
Did you respond to the wrong comment?
DON'T carry a knife for self protection. If you are a smaller female, you are more likely to have it turned around on you than you are to use it successfully. Tazer, pepper spray is way to go. Something that can be used from a distance.
Neither record level for Chicago NOR for the US.
Oh. Then I don't understand your comment. Why does OP need to get over himself?
Ugh the streetcars. Some people wanted a light rail system, some people wanted nothing, so they decided to compromise and make something useless that EVERYONE can be mad about.
So you can understand that, in general, women dislike catcalls. They can avoid catcalls by wearing headphones. It is not being 'full of themselves,' it's eliminating an annoyance and a danger. I do the same thing, but to avoid panhandlers and clipboard carriers.
I mean, who hasn't tho?
The Museum of Science and Industry has preserved fetuses from throughout gestation on display, but definitely not in the food court.
Old post man! Whatcha doing back here?
Nevermets? Is that as self explanatory as it sounds?
Found the Cincinnatian
Am I suck at it. I lost the game for my team three times in 5 games.
Are you the lawyer dude?
Yea so fun getting srd bannrd
All I see is ********
Thanks for the tip, I think I'm getting near the end so I will get the first DLC now.
