This sounds like it's entirely your fault. You think you're a 'romantic,' but what are you actually doing to demonstrate that? Utterly nothing, it sounds like. You're doing the same thing as the people you resent. You think the kind of ideal partner you'd like to attract, who places great value on commitment, is going to be happy about you "hooking up" with random men so you can "get off"? So it sounds to me that like so many others, you care enough about these supposed 'ideals' to make little posts on the internet and crown yourself with silly titles like "New Age Hopeless Romantic," but are are too lazy or incompetent to exercise them in reality.
Explaining again and again that neither Venezula nor any other country is or has been socialist gets very tiresome after a while. Whether a country is 'really' socialist is something people on both sides spend far too much time whining about. What's incontrovertible is that these countries *attempt* to be socialist, which in my eyes makes their failures just as damning.
I never said otherwise. I don't think capitalists generally believe capitalism means wealth and success for everyone.
What are you talking about? Very low amps for what?
Discharge or no, walking on carpet isn't going to generate a 10,000 Volt potential. (EDIT: I'm wrong, yes it can and will.) And besides, these components tend to be mostly conductors or semiconductors. They wouldn't have very low current discharge if a 10K voltage was applied.
You can see visible arcs and sparking way more vibrant than a static electricity zap just fine from a 12 Volt car battery, which is probably only 6 Volts on each terminal from the ground.
...Well dammit. You know what? I'm completely wrong and you're right. I should have just googled static electricity in the first place. I was thinking of that little machine they have in school labs where you wind it up by hand and move the two metal terminals together until they very visibly arc an inch apart, and thinking there's no way you get 100K Volts on that dinky piece of crap from winding it up by hand for 20 seconds. Thinking of Van de Graff generators. But nope, they're both just simple static electricity and both do indeed get up to voltages that high, as do humans on carpet. I have been humbled.
I am getting really, really, goddamn tired of hearing 'love' and 'hate' preached to me by news outlets, advertisers, and politicians. I am getting really tired of being spoken to like a four year old watching Barney. I am getting really tired of hearing grown, adult men saying "You just need to stop *hating* people and *love* people!" The fact that this has seemingly become the standard argument for a variety of issues by grown, adult men is a staggering display of the idiocy of these people and probably the general population. I am getting really tired of people who don't know the first thing about me thinking they have any business whatsoever telling me 'love' and 'hate' is.
If you don't even know whether you have a conflict or not, it sounds to me like you need to go back and think on things. Every conflict needs a resolution in the sense that you need to introduce something to the audience that wasn't there initially. There's no meaning in a drug addict who has a miserable life as a drug addict and nothing else really happens. That's pointless. It's meaningless. Why are you even talking about it? And that's the question you should ask yourself. Why are you even talking to us (the audience) about this? What do you have to say to us? That being a drug addict sucks? We are already know that a thousand times over. If you're writing a story, it needs to be because you have something to say to the audience. So why are you talking to us about this? What is it that your story has to say?
Yep. It's a big problem. If characters aren't doing much except being a part of a background, you should probably compress your story and get rid of them.
The core of all drama is meaningful conflict and resolution. Start by thinking long and hard and very seriously about what you believe about the world. What's important to you on a fundamental level? What do you believe about the nature of man? The nature of the universe? The nature of love, or of violence, or of science, or of 'society'? The nature of friendship? The nature of loneliness? The nature of power? Of courage? What do you believe? It should be something you believe in on a very deep level, ideally something you can see reflected in your own actions. And when you've decided on that belief, ask yourself the reason why you believe it. That belief should form the core of the conflict of the story. Which is probably the main thing the protagonist is struggling with throughout the story. And the reason why that belief is true should be the resolution of that conflict at the climax.
There's not going to be multiple protagonists. There's not going to a 'division of labor' or anything like that among 'classes' for a half dozen or so reasons, unless BioWare is incredibly foolish. Which unfortunately is not out of the question.
&gt; Whichever one you don't choose becomes a squadmate, and some dialogue and quests change based on which background you picked. Hopefully not, since that's a very bad idea. Unless the change is more or less trivial, as in the original games.
The less, the better, in my mind. I wasn't thrilled with the race barriers in DA and have always outright despised the class barriers. I really hope BioWare does not listen to all the calls for class interrupts and whatnot. Ideally they would drop the class system altogether, although the story reason for biotics makes that rather difficult. (In that a normal person can't just learn biotics.)
Here's something you should take to heart: A thing being 'realistic' (in that it would be likely to occur in real life) is never, *never* justification by itself for that thing to happen in fiction. There are are infinite amount of things that are very possible, even incredibly likely in real life, that would unquestionably be horrible writing or horrible game design. For example, consider a very important character being shot in the head and immediately dying on a completely 'routine' mission against weak enemies they've fought a hundred times before. A mission that has really nothing to do with the plot or central antagonist of the story. No build-up. No foreshadowing. This is very 'realistic' (in that it's quite possible and even likely to occur were this sort of thing to happen in real life.) And yet I would have a very difficult time coming up with a scenario where it would be anything but unforgivably incompetent writing. Also, I didn't say anything about it being "racist."
Nope.
Incorrect. This is nothing but pretend reasoning conjured up to try and avoid the obvious and irrefutable reality that acceptance of transgenderism demands gender abolitionism. You cannot have a 'gender identity' if gender is a literally meaningless thing. And gender cannot be meaningful if there is no perception of it. (No gender 'roles'). The concept of a real 'gender identity' but no 'gender roles' is therefore entirely nonsensical.
Ask yourself this question: Why don't we throw away the dictionary and replace every word with "Hugs,' 'Puppies,' 'Love,' 'Kisses' and words of that sort? No more meanie words that make people feel bad. Only happy lovey words that make people feel good. Is that okay? No, it's not okay. It's moronic. Because that's not the purpose of language. The purpose of language is convey information and meaning. The purpose of logic is to provide us with a path towards truth. Throwing those tools away when we don't like them because they don't always make people feel good about themselves is the height of idiocy. Oh, and speaking of logic, you don't get to disagree because you feel like it. You have to provide reasoning. What is your reasoning for disputing my other comment? ("You cannot have a 'gender identity' if gender...")
That's a load of drivel. First, this is not evidence. You have absolutely no idea how you would feel about it. You cannot possibly predict how you would think without gender influences. For all we know, gender is a concept we've been absorbing since literally our first day of life, nursing from mother and absorbing on a very subconscious and crude but very real level that to be a woman is to be a nurturer. But secondly, let's pretend you're correct and you still feel 'wrong' as your sex even never encountering any sort of gender. You grew up in a Skinner box with only food and water. If this is true, how can you possibly argue gender has no biological component? The idea is as absurd a person deciding they are tired of being a 'Zharlog' and want to be a 'Nimskwe.' Literally meaningless words and concepts.
If you accept that gender has significant biological components, then you have no basis for claiming that gender roles are 'socially constructed,' as you tried to claim in your first comment. Your entire argument quickly falls apart after that, as in fact does the entire concept of transgenderism. So...there we go. I just " demonstrated that I'm wrong in a logical manner," exactly as you requested. Do you believe otherwise now? Also, the burden of proof is entirely on you. The evidence on my side is overwhelming. The fact that gender is remarkably consistent across cultures over the world who had no contact with each other is staggering. The fact that all sorts of animals and insects with primitive brains and certainly nothing close to any sort of moral-and-role-enforcing-'society' nevertheless engage in very rigid gender roles is tremendous. What evidence do you have? A fantasy on how you 'think' you 'might' feel with not a shred of evidence to back it up.
Yeah, I'd agree, I would tackle the amnesia first. Who gave it to them? Why? An enemy? If so, why were they left alive? You might be better off fully embracing a modern fantasy setting to give yourself easier answers to these questions.
The frequency of processors can't really be compared unless they're the same model. It tells you how fast the processor completes clock cycles, but not how productive each cycle is. A processor that completes more calculations per cycle can be far better than a processor that completes cycles faster but is less productive per cycle. They really ought to advertise them as flops per second or something of the sort instead of just frequency.
I don't think there is one, honestly. I just use benchmarks. Basically looking at Tom's Hardware and Anandtech to see which runs better.
I don't want to be reminded of that steaming turd unless some actual work is going into fixing it. As in, continuing the plot of the Milky Way. I would take that sort of reference as an insult and nothing else.
What they wrote in the original trilogy on the topic was nothing but a stupidly incoherent mess that I can't say two words about without running into a gaping plothole. So let's really hope not.
I suppose we'll find out if Bioware thought up anything. Might be something to do with not having Mass Relays. That being said, I don't really think 'space' would be an issue, in that an advanced race must necessarily expand to all available territory.
I remember when I first got ME 3 and the damn face import didn't work, I was able to pull the proper codes off the Xbox onto PC with a program called Modio and a flash drive. Might look into that if you're really dedicated.
Lol no. More like 'these are the themes shoehorned into the last five minutes of the third game in a laughably incompetent fashion.'
I'm incredibly concerned this game is going to be very sub-par story and writing wise, but it's not because of a lack of information. It's because of the information they've showed us. That, and what was present in DA:I. The gameplay, graphics, and animations of the series have always left me very satisfied overall. Not perfect, but no video game is.
I don't care what Patrick Weekes or any of the other writers say. Not only is their competence under extremely serious question, they have every reason to fudge the truth to make themselves look better. By the way, what kind of ridiculous nonsense is 'friends' as a theme? You could say that of literally any work of fiction where characters work together and like each other. What role did 'friends' play in the resolution of the central conflict? What role did 'alliances' play? Completely and utterly zero. He would have been more accurate to say 'magic problem solving Crucible button' is a theme.
Irrelevant if it's not properly done in the story we see, which it isn't. The guns the characters fire need metal slugs and the starships need fuel. That does not make mining facilities a 'theme' of the series because the characters needed them to be effective.
The mass effect is not a theme. It's not a conflict. It's a tool the story uses to try and make the technology plausible. And that's really it. Conflicts are what drive stories, not this.
You're not seeing anything new. You're seeing the same speech, the same threats, the same plan, the same defeat you've seen a thousand times before. None of that is 'new' because it comes from a character the same as all the others before him but is painted green now. Or has spikes on his ahead. Or is short and has a beard.
&gt; A human antagonist has a very obvious advantage over alien overlords or galactic conspiracies: By this you mean 'human sized'? Since actually being a member of the human species has nothing to do with it at all? A salarian or turian could fulfill the role of a 'small level' antagonist just as well.
Are you out of your mind? How hard is it to understand that these are not 'aliens' in any meaningful sense? They speak exactly like humans, act exactly like humans, move exactly like humans, think exactly like humans, want and desire the exact same thing humans do. An asari is literally - literally - a blue human with a slightly different shaped head. That is what BioWare does to make an asari. They take a human and make her blue and give her a fringe. Just like a dwarf is a short human with a beard. Just like an elf is a skinny human with some tattoos. Are you really so gullible that you think that when BioWare goes into their software and changes the skin color from pink to blue a character magically transforms from a relatable, sympathetic, understanding mind, to a mystical, mysterious, foreign creature beyond our understanding? Because an artist at BioWare clicked the 'blue' paint button instead of the 'pink' paint button?
What is this book supposed to be about? You've got a setting, which is nice, but it's just a setting. What's the plot? What are your characters trying to accomplish throughout the story?
Make very, very, very sure your tragedy is actually meaningful. Do not make the overwhelmingly common mistake that just because bad things happen ,your story has anything worthwhile to say or that your audience has any reason to care. The worst failing a writer can commit is to be pointless. Also, stay true to your tone. If you're writing a tragedy, make sure your audience is aware of it. Surprising them in the last five pages is not clever or innovative, it's stupid.
I certainly wouldn't mind an antagonist that shares the protagonists size, resources, and skill set. (Something seen very rarely in video games. Usually antagonists are either physically huge compared to the player, rich enough to fund entire armies against them, or have some power or ability the player doesn't. Very rarely do you see an antagonist who succeeds not because of special abilities or resources, but because he's more skilled than the protagonist and that's all there is to it. Although unfortunately players of RPGs seem to generally be vehemently enraged by the idea that 'their' character is not the most badass person in existence ever, ever, and are incredulous of the concept of them losing a fight simply because they were the inferior warrior.') I could do without the rather cartoonish team vs. team, however.
Make sure to check your taskbar and that you're not running any other applications, if you haven't already. Windows and particularly new computers with Windows have a tendency to run a lot of unwelcome crap passively. After that, check if other games work. Preferably more modern games, if you have any. That should tell you if it's a resource issue or not.
I didn't say anything about it being rational or plausible or not. Plausibility is not the issue. I'm completely aware people can and often are stupid and petty. The issues are, firstly, making your audience care about your story, which hinges on them liking your characters, and, secondly, making sure you as an author are honest to the audience about your characters. And since dramatic stories set in physically adventurous and dangerous settings (such as post apocalypse) pretty much universally try to portray their characters as capable, intelligent badasses, that means making sure your characters actually *are* capable, intelligent badasses and not clowns who can't accomplish anything.
&gt; Yeah, institutionalizing your opinions is usually called fascism. You should probably not use words you clearly do not understand.
Sure. Education. Lesson #1. Nobody intelligent is going to take you very seriously when you invent silly definitions for things you don't like and nonsensically tie them to things that have nothing in common for very shallow and obvious shock value. Like fascism.
It's almost tempting to go back. Buy a month's membership, walk around Varrock, do all the noob level quests again, hear all the music, go fishing in Catherby...Maybe I should...I don't have to ask Mom to borrow her credit card and promise to do my homework anymore nowadays. Is the Grand Exchange in there? I hate that piece of shit, it was so much better going to World 2 Fally to the swarm of people buying and selling everything. Are there crowded words, or is everything deserted? Also, isn't it like the tenth anniversary of the Falador Massacre?
It's a sign of the Post being willing to pay clowns for their work so long as the topic is vaguely hip and progressive sounding.
I wouldn't be so sure that loading actually will be faster. Might be, but who knows.
They do, but I think loading times might have more to do with the read speed of the hard drive. Don't know enough about hardware to say for sure, though.
I would really recommend science instead. (Not biology, though.) I finished my minor in math a little over a month ago, and the bulk of what i was doing I didn't fully understand and was pretty much relying on memorization, and some of it I didn't understand at all. I scraped by Calculus III (Vector Calculus) with a C on my second try. It wasn't until E&amp;M 2 that it started to click as real values with meaning that were all there for a reason instead of just a jumble of symbols. Point is, whatever that point in math is where it stops being mostly memorization and starts being an interesting and intuitive puzzle is probably above the level all but a very few people care to commit to.
Grunt is too high, and EDI way too low. But not bad, as far as internet rankings go.
Keep : - The basic persuasion system. These were some of the best written lines from Shepard in the game, both well reasoned and well spoken. - No class impact on story, or un-forshadowed companion impact on missions. This is how it should be. - Some sort of missions analogous to the 'loyalty missions.' In other words, missions that have a personal connection to a companion, with lots of dialogue and involvement from them. These were some of the strongest character moments of the series. DA:I shows how to do this very wrong. Do not copy it. - Romances that as much as possible tie into the plot. LotSB is a perfect example of this done so, so right. The romances in DA:I (and pretty much all RPGs honestly) are an example of doing it so, so wrong. There is really very little point in a romance 'story' that boils down to "I like you, do you like me? Let's bang." Of course, that's more or less how Liara's romance is in the original ME 1 as well...it took time to develop.
You really should be careful about getting your perspectives on the world from television.
You need to understand that there's really no such thing as 'aliens' or even 'nonhuman' characters in fiction (and perhaps real life) in any real sense. You're not going to come up with any even slightly rational idea for your alien characters to think up or live by that some human somewhere has not thought up and probably written a book about. I've seen people foolishly determined for their characters to be 'alien' to the point of basically abandoning rationality and give their aliens ridiculous, completely absurd beliefs and practices that clearly could not sustain a society because they were so bent on trying to avoid human morality. So don't try to make your characters incomprehensible to humans. They'll just look stupid. End of the day, your aliens are going to have human brains. Which is perfectly fine. Accept it. Move on. If you want to portray something different, my advice is to either give your aliens some sort of biological ability or trait humans lack, or put them in a setting very different from Earth. And think about how humans would act and how society would be different if it was us in those circumstances.
Might be something to do with lacking Mass Relays. BioWare has unfortunately been substantially less competent at addressing these sorts of holes than I would like recently. I can absolutely guarantee, that, because of gameplay, there is going to be at least one (very common) enemy type that uses 'human' weapons and tactics. Guns, shields, armor, taking cover, and so forth. So they're not going to all be animals with melee attacks or whatever.
And how would you avoid making technology looking weak and pointless when the highest level of technology is about as easy for the player to defeat as the lowest level? (As is necessary for a smooth gameplay difficulty.) And besides, defining 'levels' of technology in science fiction is seriously harder than you might think at first glance. Something like a rifle is a rifle is a rifle. There's only so much you can do to plausibly improve it, how are supposed to differentiate between a 'futuristic' rifle and super-futuristic rifle. Even the Reapers, which are supposed to be utter pinnacle of hyperadvanced technology, really aren't shown to possess anything all that different from the other species. They're pretty much just bigger, with bigger guns and heavier armor.
I might as well just install a mod if I'm doing that.
Then you either haven't tried many speech checks or my game is bugged to hell. Because I fail them with 9 charisma all. the. time. Including easy ones.
Oblivion's was far better then this crap. I never missed out on significant chunks of content from Oblivion.
That doesn't excuse anything.
Putting aside that I have no idea where I'd get that many grape mentats, I don't know when the speech checks are coming beforehand.
&gt; why should a poor person work their butt off while some rich kid burns money and drinks cocktails all day long? Simple. Because freedom means freedom to be unfair. Do I do seriously believe my friends are the best and most deserving people on the planet? No. Any man I meet on the street might be better and more deserving. So why might I treat my friends to vacations and expensive meals and so forth and not the man on the street? Ultimately, because of luck. The circumstances of luck that led me to meeting them and befriending them and not the 7 billion other strangers on Earth. It's obviously unfair. But it's reality I don't see changing. And obviously this can be generalized to many things. Being beautiful, being born in the right family, winning the lottery, having the connections to land a good career, being born in the first world instead of the third, etc. Much of what we want and desire and love in this world is based upon luck. And yet we desire and want and love it nonetheless.
Don't really see how running a coop is in any way anti-capitalist whatsoever, but whatever.
I shouldn't have to do that to enjoy the game. That being said, I'm going to install a mod that does basically the same thing.
I don't. I don't recognize the idea that feudalism and such were not capitalism or socialism. Property is either private or public, and since all civilizations have excluded people from control over property, all of human history is therefore capitalist. Now, upon accepting all human history is capitalist, we can clearly see there are many successes and failures within capitalism across a vast variety of arenas that have nothing to do with capitalism itself.
If you have any suggestions for how such concepts might be 'fought' that don't demand the obliteration of the concept of value, I'm all ears.
No. I'm referring to the fact that these are all behaviors based on the concept of value. Beauty, for example, is something we value. Which is why we treat beautiful people better than ugly people. Every proposal to eliminate the unfairness of beauty demands the obliteration of that concept of value. People must no longer be allowed to value beautiful people more, or it will inevitably manifest in their behaviors. We see people attempting to obliterate concepts of value all the time. Consider the phrase 'All bodies are beautiful.' The obvious objective is to turn 'beauty' into a meaningless, empty word that carries no value. Clearly, it means nothing if it applies to everyone , yes? If there is literally no possible concept of an ugly human? This is done because only with the obliteration of value can people be made equal. Of course, these attempts have been ridiculous failures. All of this goes against basic tenets of rationality and are therefore unacceptable.
I don't really know what that means or how it's supposed to connect. Also, I'm not sure many socialists would agree when I spell out the consequences. Such as, for example, me tipping attractive people more, which I know I do. Being much more likely to hire someone if they're attractive, to listen to them, to help them.
I agree. They don't deserve it. But that's not enough. Human interaction is a two-person experience. Doesn't matter how much one of them deserves or doesn't deserve something, you can't obligate the other into placing value on something. You can't make them want it.
Does your 'ideology' understand the concept of numbers? The concept that if there are very many people who want something and very few willing to provide it, most of those very many are out of luck?
The combat sucks in the first game, and the story really doesn't heat up until Virmire. So stick with it. Choose a tech class in ME 1 so you can actually open loot without dragging Tali everywhere. There are a few sidequests you can't complete without tech skills as well. You can do everything without biotics however, so don't sweat having a biotic on your team or not. (This was thankfully scrapped in the second and third games, and you can remake your character, so when you start ME 2 you can just choose a class that sounds fun.) I highly recommend you do the main missions in ME 1 in the order of Therum (Find Liara) -&gt; Feros -&gt; Virmire -&gt; Noveria. Make sure to talk to everyone on the ship after each of these major missions. Max out your charm, and use it at every opportunity.
That scene was dumb as hell.
Not for big budget films. I imagine they're a lot more common for 'indie' movies and television. That being said, there is no doubt in my mind that we 'live in an era' of pretend morality, with the underlying assuming that 'more tragic' and 'more grey' is the path towards maturity and intelligence. I'm nothing short of disgusted by most 'tragic' stories I have the displeasure of experiencing.
...Are you claiming it's good writing to build up interest and then abandon it at it's peak? Because that's ridiculous. It goes against the basic principles of a story. Any idiot can build up suspense or intrigue. That's the easiest thing in the world. Any idiot can leave clues, feed the audience hints, and get the audience asking questions about what's going on. The part that counts is being able to put your money where your mouth is when the time comes.
Yes. They're just as nonsensical. The first one is not a comedy, period. The second one is reliant on a ridiculous contrivance. What happens if they aren't a monster, if their wife and kids and trainer love and support them, and if they've become healthier than ever training? That is irrefutably 'protagonist's arc leads them to victory' as you said, but nobody could argue it as a tragedy.
I really don't understand what you're trying to say. I can think of plenty of 'happy endings' where the climax has characters at their 'emotional peak' and the story ends very shortly afterwards. That's...kinda the point of a climax, isn't it?
Microsoft Word Spellchecker.
Stardew Valley.
&gt; When in doubt, raise the stakes. That's a one way ticket to a villain you have no idea how your heroes can counter, and therefore a weak ending usually based on some magic contrivance. Horrible advice.
1. Decide beforehand what the conflict is. Is the struggle with the villain the true conflict of the story? Often, it isn't. And if not, your villain can be much more simple and their defeat much less climatic. 2. If it is the true conflict, the actions of the hero and villain should be personifications an ideas that are in conflict. The defeat of the villain should be the resolution of that conflict. Ask yourself why the hero is superior to the villain, despite the villain's apparent advantages. That reason 'why' needs to be the reason the hero is triumphant.
Momentum needs to be conserved. If the air was being pushed up, the helicopter would be pushed down.
Nope. I can definitely think of heroic protagonists that are ideal from the start, and therefore do not grow. That said, they always have allies or friends who *do* grow. So you should have it, but it doesn't have to apply to every single character or even to the protagonist.
Sure. Probably my favorite character in fiction: Commander Shepard of the Mass Effect series. It's somewhat common for RPG characters in general, since players do not like having flaws imposed on 'their' characters.
Eehh...maybe...most of the mechanics that a lot of people think give games unique potential as a fictional medium have had mediocre to poor results. They often obscure what makes actual good writing in favor of gimmicks. But don't get me started. Mass Effect is my favorite story, but there are so, so, so many things I hate about it.
Romance is still drama. Make sure you have a conflict.
Have you played these games? How long does it take to circle a planet?
Mmm. A quick google search tells me Earth has about 500 trillion square meters of surface area. If we assume a developer uses one bit of data for every square meter, that's still 62 terabytes of data to make just one Earth-sized planet, again, with a quality of one bit per square meter. 1,200 times the capacity of a Blu-Ray disc used for the XB1 and PS4. Now, they could no doubt cut that down greatly by making many of these procedurally generated areas redundant (which in my mind rather nullifies the whole point of procedural generation), but I think you get the idea. Forget filling up planets, you don't even have enough data to hold them.
No, that is absolutely how procedural generation works. Your little wink does not impress me, and I actually do understand what functions and algebra are. All you're talking about is whether that data is persistently stored or not, and in most games, it is stored.
America?
Lol. It's time to grow up from the kiddie table of philosophy, my friend. I feel like I'm listening to an episode of Barney. Does 'discrimination' hurt your fee-fees? The reality, of course, is that the government has countless policies that discriminate by gender. The reality is that very, very, very few people have any inkling what the consequences of the abolition of gender would be, and even fewer would be prepared to accept them.
I've found that probably 95% of people who use the term 'plot armor' don't really have any idea what it means in the first place. So perhaps make sure you have a clear idea of what it is first.
My goodness, you're a stingy one aren't you? It's really quite simple. 'Plot armor' is a term overwhelmingly used incompetently by amateurish critics who have no understanding or even awareness of concepts such as the Theory of Narrative Causality. Mostly it seems to be some vague idea that the protagonist is less likely to die than any other character because he is 'protected by the plot,' and to be a well-written story without 'plot armor,' the protagonist must be as likely to die as anyone else. Which of course is all just nonsense. You do have a full understanding of the Theory of Narrative Causality, right?
We're going to need more information than 'two guys meet.' Maybe you could describe the setting and your characters a bit.
General rule of thumb of writing is that you only introduce as many characters or factions that you actually use. It's not good to have lots of people sitting around doing nothing in your story.
All you can do is lead the horse to water. If you want your reader to feel wonder, your only option is to make the settings or events or whatever of your writing as wondrous as possible and hope for the best. That's quite a bit harder for writers than for a visual medium, but there you go. It will definitely be annoying if you excessively praise your own settings. Don't do that. Don't go excessively gushing about how 'awesome' or 'amazing' or 'incredible' your world is. That's like laughing at your own jokes. Try to describe your world more-or-less neutrally. If you do feel that praise is warrented, you might try and keep it within character dialogue, so that way it's not 'official' from the narrator.
TV Tropes is usually solid. Not perfect, but then anyone can edit it.
Really? I don't think Goldman Sachs would approve of that. You might change their mind if you make enough hashtags, though. Yes, that's clearly where your effort needs to be.
Do you know what this 'super futuristic tech' is supposed to look like? How would it be different from technology seen in the previous games?
What is this new technology supposed to actually do? What is it supposed to look like?
Which Dragon Age? Inquisition did a pathetically incompetent job, entirely dependent on having every friendly character gush how 'awesome' the protagonist is at every opportunity despite him being a useless dullard. I don't want to think about the mental state of BioWare players for them to eat that sort of thing up so easily and gleefully.
&gt; I believe the main reason this didn't happen was the amount of work it would be to code in interactions that would only happen if you had chosen a specific class. That depends. Would these interrupts be available to every class, just animated differently? Or would they be actions exclusively for certain classes? So, for example, would we have maybe a biotic interrupt that can save a character from falling to their death, but other classes just have to sit and watch them die? Because that would enrage me. That would be completely idiotic writing, and completely idiotic game design. But if we're talking the same scenes, just with different animations...yes, the main problem would indeed be the work required to animate the scene over and over. There are some other concerns that are above the heads of most players, but that's certainly the biggest.
It's an issue in an abysmal state. If all BioWare has to do to have their playerbase squealing in delight is put in enough kissy-kissy romance scenes, or happy-laughy friendship scenes, or awesome-awesome-you-are-the-super-awesomest-person-ever scenes, no matter how idiotic or trite those scenes actually are, we are fucked. They'll never do anything else because all those things are supremely easy. There is not one moment in the entire story where the Inquisitor did or said one single thing I would call intelligent or determined. The only moment I would call courageous is during siege of Haven. And yet BioWare thinks they're in a position to call him the bestest most awesomest hero ever over and over and over and over again. That is more than pathetically unacceptable, it's incredibly offensive.
Make sure you know what satire is. A lot of people don't seem to know the difference between satire and parody.
