It's work, but $40 of stickers to raise a price $100 is an investment shady people would make.
They're playing Fun Fun Fun Fest in Austin this year! Whoa, Buddy!
I actually imagine it's like an acid trip for a dog. Think about it: dogs get a whole lot of information from their super sensitive nostrils. They sniff so much on walks... Driving has to push all that info in at highway speeds! All the smells blasting into their nose, like listening to every radio station at once! It's gotta be wild.
Start with a dehumidifier. It could just be damp.
Habitat for Humanity will take that furniture, also.
I think that the difference comes from the depth of understanding, if that makes sense. Any teenager can write a song about anarchy after reading the definition in the dictionary or getting misinformation from friends... When you get to bands like Propaghandi or the Dead Kennedys, the lyrics seem simple but cover more intensive to topics, something you'd have to be at least a little well-read to understand. This comes out really well when songs discuss specific political events, or get into a vocabulary that's more esoteric. You can still write fucking goofy songs anyway, though. I mean, Dead Kennedys did "Rawhide," and "Stealing People's Mail" for crying out loud. I think something that gets forgotten or dismissed is that, sometimes when these songs are written, the people writing them aren't informed or just young and dumb. The songs get popular, people love 'em, they stick around. There's nothing wrong with it, just like there is nothing wrong with goofy songs, or sings you just don't agree with. As long as you remember there's always more to it, more to learn, and more out there, it'll be alright.
I wear one on my indoor trainer. Just in case.
Pretty sure the empire considered it, but with the stormtroopers aim? Fuggettaboutit.
I rode a smaller one, once... About a 36-40 inch wheel, maybe? No matter if you're used to fixies and not coasting, or riding tall bikes, it's still weird. When you take a turn, your legs/hips have to flex to follow the wheel and not stay perpendicular to the frame, like they normally do. Also, wheelies are really fucking hard.
Any time I used oiled paper, I used the same exposure time as I would for a transparency. Most of my prints, however, didn't have super fine details to lose, so that might need to be taken into account. If you're asking how long it'll take with those bulbs at that power... You might need to Google a good resource and start running tests.
I think there might be some confusion between idea that it's "arbitrary" versus "arbitration," which uses a non-court system of settling disputes. It's still legally binding, since both parties agree to the process before going into it, and have to abide by it once the decision is rendered. It's just not a "real" court.
"Can't spell 'feet' without 'eet!'" Nom nom nom.
"I like small tits, but this is ridiculous." Groucho Marx
I'll throw this out there, but I don't know if there's a separate set of steps for a 1x set up. The standard way of checking is to wrap the chain around the two largest cogs without looping through the derailleur. Add two whole links, and there you go, perfect chain length. With a 1x, it sends like the logic would be just as sound. The front D doesn't offer any pull on the chain, so not having one shouldn't affect it at all. Perhaps your b-limit screw isn't set correctly? That adjusts the angle of the dangle of your derailleur. If it's set too slack, there might be some slap when you're in a smaller cog. I just recently set up a 1x for road riding, and I used that method to set my chain length, with no problems. There might be someone out there with better answers for you.
Is that at Sheetz? I love ordering food without talking to people.
That sounds awesome. More so than my old shop's grease trap method. That thing filled fast, smelled bad, and was hell to clean.
In legal parlance, "missile" can mean any object that's thrown or launched. Doesn't have to be a warhead, but if someone launched a Warhead candy at your car, it'd be a missile. Source: Watched "Ally McBeal" one time.
They look like mine, except my toes are more sequentially sized.
This.
Just ask yourself, how many black people do you see flying the Confederate flag? Ever?
I saw that a bit when I was in town a couple of weeks ago. I don't now, nor ever, like seeing tags in the woods. Abandoned buildings is fine, even abandoned buildings in the woods... But don't fuck with nature. If graffiti is a protest against urban blight and colorlessness, then nature is already the antidote. Sorry. /rant
I think I heard that the Grimes location shut down? Am I totally wrong about that?
Records are surprisingly resilient to cutting. What was used? A dremel? Coping saw? Tiny knives?
I've cycled (no pun intended) through almost every handlebar style... Flats, bullhorns, moustache, shallow risers... But I always come back to the drops! They just work so perfectly.
For me, (and what I think is common practice) is that you spend most of your time on the hoods. That means that your drop bars are working similarly to bullhorns, if you've got a good set up of brakes and bars and they are positioned correctly. The drops are used, but not for most of your time riding. Instead, they are used for descents and any other situation in which being aerodynamic is more important than being comfortable... I find myself in the drops for good stretches of slight downgrade or flats into headwinds. That means that, if my saddle is set right, it doesn't need to be changed, no matter what bars I'm using. With flat bars, you get one choice of hand position. With bullhorns, you get two major choices. Drops give you three: on the flat, on the hoods, and in the drops. That's why they're so appealing, at least to me.
With an accumulation of lint, I've noticed that adding water to it makes a larger mess. Maybe a stiff brush that your can scrub dry as it runs? Get some light colored fabric to check cleanliness by rubbing the belt as it runs as well. Getting into the inside of the belt is going to be tricky, but that's where all the lint and dirt is gonna fall.
I use [this knot](http://www.fieggen.com/shoelace/secureknot.htm) on my scrub pants and boots. Super fast and secure, once you get the hang of it.
"Y'all." In all honesty, that's something love about being southern. Y'all can mean one person, an indefinite amount of people, the whole room with you... And it's gender neutral.
Hey, you might have saved her life by letting her know she was crossing against the light!
I dunno, that "poor audio quality" sells it even harder for me. It gives it that "demo tape you got at a basement show" vibe, which is usually an awesome thing.
There's a taco place nearby that does horchata and espresso. It's fricking tasty!
Cook when you can, camp when you can. That will save money on food and places to stay. Some of those places even have showers and such. Sometimes, (and I'm not condoning this), if you show up sort of late to a campsite, you can sneak in, sleep, and roll out the next morning without paying. Cooking can be trickier, but pb&amp;j's in the car are better than McDonald's. Maybe a camping stove and easily prepared meals at a roadside stop instead of a restaurant? As far as going east or west... The east coast is a whole lot of tiny and densely packed towns. The nature aspect is very green and lush. Also, in the summer, it's a lot more temperate. West will get you huge expanses of desert areas, Badlands, long drives with nothing but rare tiny towns... But the sky at night can be the most star-packed night you'll ever see. Huge huge skylines! And the Rockies. Past the Rockies, a little more desert, then you're in the Pacific northwest, where the trees are massive. Unless you go into southern California, and it's expensive and packed with cities, but temperate and sunny. I love travelling to all parts of America, for all these different reasons.
Wizard staff selfie stick? Gandalf level.
He was so wasted.
Be forewarned: I'm not going to ride in the gutter. I will also scoot left for big lumps, sewer grates, broken glass, loose gravel, babies, kittens, and left turns. But I try to be as accommodating as I can, respecting that each person in a car is a different driver. One jerk doesn't mean I get to piss off every other driver.
Some of these answers lean in the right direction. I can add a little conserving spikes and studs. Aside from the "look" it gives, studs and spikes can be a bit more practical... Dogs wear spiked collars around their necks to prevent another dog from grabbing hold of it, protecting it from attack. The same idea transferred to the punk aesthetic, with spiked bracelets, collars and such. A well-studded jacket might also turn a fist or knife in a fight. A spiked wrist can't be grabbed. Skinny jeans... Well, those aren't actually that practical. Anecdotally, that was the intent. It took the toughness of leather and denim with an extra layer of protection for rumbling gangs. Granted, most of what you see in that look nowadays is toned down and mall-ready. In a post-apocalyptic society, would you be afraid of it was roving gangs of nerds? Probably not. But if the streets were turned over and ran by the shadier element; biker gangs, punks, thugs, etc... You're actually worried about society.
[Great animated video about the accident.](https://youtu.be/YL9dWxkP8Qo)
Yeah! It's sometimes called a SCOBY, symbiotic culture of bacteria and yeast. It's the same process used in making kombucha.
Your idea of a "clunker" kinda makes me wonder what else you ride. Sure, it's old, but it can't be that bad. I can't figure out what year model that is, or the group set from that photo. I'd start by figuring out what works and what doesn't. New cables, repacking bearings, cleaning the chain... That can all be done on the cheap. New tires, if those are old, dry, or gnarly. Then, just ride. You'll figure out what needs to be replaced as you go. Stuff like saddles, handlebars, pedals... That comes from figuring out what you like and don't like about what you have.
There are a couple of models I've worked under in different facilities. They come as compete packages, with verbal and physical training. I don't know if you're in a position to purchase the training, but you can certainly look into them. [CPI/NVCI (Crisis Prevention Intervention, Nonviolent Crisis Intervention)](http://www.crisisprevention.com/). Used this one in a youth shelter and as a psych tech. It models escalation around a "kite" idea, with levels of escalation and how to address each one. The physical portion is fairly intuitive and sensible. Right now, the shelter where I work uses [Satori Learning's SAMA model.](http://satorilearning.com/sama-description.html). Personally, I liked the CPI model verbal deescalation, but SAMA's physical holds. CPI addresses how you physically present to someone as they heighten, SAMA has a general script to use when speaking. SAMA's holds are great for kids, as they aren't physically uncomfortable for them, if done right. Having learned both, my personal way has turned into a mishmash. Hope that's kinda helpful.
Think of it this way... Why doesn't a polaroid or any other photograph get more developed after it's done? Simple. The chemical reaction is finished. This reaction of the emulsion is started by light (specifically uv light), but there's only so much reacting it can do. Once it's finished, it's finished. Just like paint can't get any drier, exposed emulsion has turned into a plastic and won't change further. Now, I don't know a whole lot about chemistry, so I can't totally break it down for you, but that's a good starting point, I think. The other big thing is that light is what hardens the emulsion. Water washes it away. Continued exposure would just strengthen the emulsion, not weaken it. Friction from printing will wear it away, eventually, though. It is just plastic, squished into the fabric of the screen, then dried. From a practical standpoint, you can expose screens, wash them out, and re-expose to get them really dry. I used double exposure to get emulsion meant for plastisol (oil based) ready for acrylic (water based) inks, so it'd soak up less water from the ink while working. But necessary, but helpful. Hope this explains a little.
I know if you use the super-cheap option of Speedball, it does require heat setting. It could be as simple as running it in a clothes dryer on high for a half hour (once the ink air dried, of course). There are some ink additives that eliminate the need for heat setting, though.
If they liked the same smells we did, that would never explain why my dog constantly sniffs my cat's ass.
I was actually going to ask what kind of rack that was *because* it's so far up. I think because I'm a tall dude, my heels always hit the bottom of panniers. I know raising them might throw off balance, but it's hard to use them otherwise.
If a punk band does a pop-style song, is it pop? Also, is something art just 'cause you hang it on the wall?
Chlorine, dawg. Sodium hypochlorite. It's poisonous, which is why they use it to kill germs and pee in swimming pools.
First aid, BLS (basic life support) CPR, and maybe watch a video on how to identify a stroke victim. You don't need to know everything about universal precautions, but knowing how to deal with someone else's fluids isn't a bad idea, either.
It does for me. I had to rewind to catch the intro jokes on Futurama.
"This calls for a special blend of psychology and extreme violence."
Big Top Candy on South Congress?
With Google rewards, I can answer a few questions and get all the app money I need. I hadn't heard of Book Bub, though, and I'm always down for cheap reads! Thanks!
We were working in the $3k range as well. Outdoor ceremony, made all the food ourselves, friends as DJ's, and the bar didn't charge us for hosting the reception. I think we spent the most on drink tickets and food/picnic supplies. It was awesome and perfect for everyone involved.
I know that some of This Bike is a Pipe Bomb's songs have harmonica, but I'll be damned if I can think of which ones they are.
Motherfuckin' [Asschapel.](https://youtu.be/YMz1TtVcxs0)
I was imagining some ears that looked like my friends... I know folks that had to have theirs removed because they stretched too far, and the middle of the bottom died and broke. THAT'S intense. Yours, on the other hand, aren't any worse than mine. People sometimes take months before they notice anything odd about them. I've settled on the way they look now, and nothing is cheaper than just having your attitude adjusted!
That's what I would assume. I wonder where I can get Polish flaki in Texas?
Imageboxers.com. They do custom colors and prints. Quality isn't to die for, but the price is OK.
&gt;W-what is going on with JGL's face... He looks like a frog. He does look like he's standing in a hole... I'd guess it's about...knee deep.
It's true. Google a few pictures of "factory farms" and see where it hits you in the feels. Are all egg/milk production facilities like that? No, but you pay a premium for free-range and exploitation free products. Also, vegans consider the argument that humans are the only animal on the planet that drinks another's milk after being weaned, and that dairy milk is designed to help calves grow into cows, putting on tons of weight and mass. This is waaaaay more weight than humans put on during growth. There's a lot more to it, but that's just a starter bit of info. Source: former vegetarian/vegan.
Long story. The condensed version is: I like experiences and experimenting. I wanted to broaden my horizons food-wise, and that's hard to do when you exclude so much from your diet. I certainly don't give a fuck about eating McDonalds, but I did want to sample other culture's foods without restraint.
All math aside, what phones are you buying at $700 a pop? It might be more phone than you need... Do a little research, as smart phones are pushing the more budget-conscious models out there. I bought my moto g a few months ago at just under $300, and I have had no complaints from a performance standpoint. I can skip things like a fingerprint sensor in exchange for battery life, since having it run the whole day for work is important. There are a few brands out there with similar offerings. It's certainly worth a little reading to save a couple hundred bucks! Of course, we'll have to see how long this one lasts. My Galaxy G2 made it through a few years.
CBA? Can't be arsed?
Origin 8 and State Bicycle Co have them as well...but they have a little offset. They are cheap, though, if you're on a tight budget.
Teengenerate.
Sweetbabyjaysus's YouTube channel is a goldmine, for real.
I'm gonna shoot out the long answer as I understand it. For rock bands, on stage they have monitors. You know, those speakers pointed at themselves so they can hear what's going on. Orchestras do *not* have that. Plus, with a big ol' crowd of musicians like that, the only thing they can hear well will probably be the two people sitting next to them. Trying to play like this would quickly degenerate into chaos. Enter: the Conductor. That guy can hear EVERYTHING from where he is. Plus, he's waving his arms like a human metronome, keeping time and letting the various groups know when to get loud, when to get soft, when to come in for that triumphant finish... He's holding the whole thing together.
We have multiple Korean restaurants here, aside from the hipster beards, food trucks, craft beer and the occasional old man riding a bike in a banana hammock. He'll be fine.
True. Infant nails are like tiny razors. I've been scratched on the face, and it stings! Despite child care training, though, I have not heard of babies specifically choking on those mittens. Some onesies have them built in, though, just like the footie bits.
I witnessed a kid at work sliding his spaghetti onto the floor, then picking up noodles off of the floor to eat. Apparently asking "why are you eating floor spaghetti?" is worth a few tears. Two days ago, another kid was crying her eyes out because the other kids "wouldn't leave her alone" from the opposite side of the gym. They weren't even acknowledging her existence at all.
My memory is a little hazy, but we toured through Buffalo in the late 90's. Played a garage show with some band that was "I-something-cide." Supposedly, dudes from that band went on to be in I Object, but I can't find anything to corroborate that online. We went to Niagara Falls the next day. It was cool.
There's no way you stretched a chain like that with your hands, unless you're superhuman. I've got two theories. A: the fixed cog isn't the same size (maybe smaller) as the free wheel. If that's the case, it won't use as much chain as the free wheel side. 2: you're not pulling the wheel back far enough. For those single speed bikes, you've got to put a good amount of tension on the chain, and keep it tight by getting your bolts cranked down. If it slides forward anyway, I'd suggest getting some chain tensioners. They aren't expensive, and you can adjust the tightness of the chain to a really accurate degree.
The thing to remember is that the dates on milk are... sort of guesses. It's a "sell-by"date, ensuring that if you buy it on that day, it will still be good for a reasonable time after you get it home IF you store it correctly. If milk is stored improperly, it can be spoiled before the sell-by date. As long as it doesn't smell bad, you'll be OK. Also, cooking kills germs, so you'll be doubly safe if it's in a cake.
If you like Neon Piss, check out [Silent Era.](https://silenterabayarea.bandcamp.com/album/2014-tape) Same drummer, different sound.
You could try a couple of things. Both require gesso, which is a canvas primer. It's essentially acrylic paint with some gypsum added. (That's the stuff in drywall.) One: get the cheap canvases. Add more gesso in smooth layers until you get a canvas that's how you like it. You can, if you're gentle, sand between layers of gesso to improve the surface. Two: get the DIY framing components in the sizes you want. Make a frame. Cut hardboard/Masonite to fit. Glue/tack it together. You could get by with pretty thin stuff... like 1/8 inch Masonite. Gesso it to prime it. Paint it. I don't think i would spray prime the board, just because other primer is cheaper, and it might take a couple coats to get a good surface.
That sounds like a limit screw problem to start with. You can check GCN's YouTube channel for "how to adjust a rear derailleur." It's informative, and can be done as a newbie. You essentially pull the chain off, and push the derailleurs by hand to see where they are adjusted to, then use the "H" and "L" screws to get it set correctly. Those H and L screws are NOT for fixing the indexing! (That's what determines how it falls as you shift.) That's all done by adjusting cables. Fix the limit screws first and see where you are afterwards.
Yeah, those memory foam shoes are a rip. Even though they are light and comfy, they are still not very tough. Everyone's feet are different, but I do think there are stores that lean towards "higher end" footwear that isn't fashion forward. Places that sell brands like Mephisto, Ecco, Keen... places that will measure your feet like they used to do. Some brands also have models that offer lifetime warranties. I purchased a pair of low-profile styled Keen's a few years ago to wear as a hospital tech. On my feet for 10 of my 12 hour shifts, and they still hold together today. I don't wear them when I do things that require sneakers (like pushing around on my skateboard or riding my bike), but I wear them at work to look nice and stay comfy. They certainly have outlasted any sneaker I owned.
Are you planning on riding with a belt? I made myself a belt loop holster for my u lock. With a couple of fabric rivets and a chunk of old belt, you could do the same. It rides really flat against my waist when the lock is out, so it's not obtrusive. When I ride in Lycra (hence no belt), I don't bring a lock, mostly because my rides of that nature are loops back home.
Have you tried the Yellow Bike Project on Webberville Rd? It's staffed by volunteers, has open shop hours for repair, and are generally cheap and reputable. I recommend checking them out.
I've seen it the other way, bass strings on a guitar. It sounded weird, man.
The "G" stands for "Grandma."
Although it's tempting to undo the clasp and ride it like a swing bike, doing so might bend the hinge bolt. That's all I can tell you.
That's... That's not an Aver's bread stick, is it?
"Yippie-ki-yay, Mister Falcon."
Of course! As does Dr Mario.
I just really like the onion cranker machine. Nobody else has one!
When my dog barks in his sleep, it's cute. When my wife barks in her sleep, it's fuckin' weird, man.
I think "no" describes that whole switch. Get thee to Home Depot and fix that mess!
Summers in Texas are pretty brutal so I took to wearing a cycling jersey and changing into a regular shirt at work, post baby-wipe on the pits. I worked in a place where I was allowed to wear shorts, though. I also kept a complete outfit (down to skivvies and socks) at work at all times, in case of sudden downpour.
Oh, Lil Bub. I wish my dumb looking cat made me famous enough to meet someone like [Robert De Niro.](http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/02659/Tribeca_2659149b.jpg) She is using her fame to support awesome causes, like the Exotic Feline Rescue Center, where this gif was most likely shot. By the way, that cat is a girl.
I'd try this, but I kinda prefer having my teeth in my mouth as opposed to on the street and stuck to grip tape.
Man, I got THREE splats on the ride home the other night. Made the mistake of rolling right through a grackle wonderland and paid the price. I thought it was totally bad luck... Until today, when I ate it on some light rail tracks and tacoed my wheel, ripped my jacket, and sprained my wrist. Mondays, for real.
If anyone goes drinking around an MRI scanner, you're screwed.
As a cyclist, I check out other cyclist's calves. They are kinda like the biceps of your legs. I get jealous of a good set of calves. Checking out quads is weird, though.
I'm sure one of the *first* things he'll do is start closing loopholes that his fellow business owners and his own businesses use. Sounds reasonable.
I like the idea of thrift stores, but be careful about thrifting IKEA stuff. It's generally not sturdy enough to take a beating. When thrifting, go ahead and look for things made of real solid wood or metal. Older items can be painted up to give them a modern feel. I don't know if they are everywhere, but I used to live in a college town and the college had a surplus store. Essentially it was selling off older items as campus was refurbished. I scored some 7 foot tall solid bookshelves for around $20 each. They also had really solid desks and workbenches, and older office chairs. Also, where I live, we have to watch out for bed bugs...
43? At least 40. I know I haven't been to New Hampshire, Hawaii, Utah (other than flight layovers), West Virginia... I haven't traveled extensively in a while, so the memory is fuzzy.
Does anyone know what "prescription drugs" he was taking? I've gotten drunk while on antidepressants without committing any hate crimes.
This is a great idea. My two past phones have been a moto g3 (rip) and now the moto g4 plus. They do not have all the bells and whistles of a flagship phone, but i spent less than $700 on both of them. No contracts, no monthly payments for them, and I don't feel like I'm sacrificing anything they I need a phone to do.
I know other people have asked if this copies an existing wallet design... which it does *BUT* you spent about the same as the cost of one wallet on tools and supplies, made your money back selling surplus, *AND* you still have an awesome looking wallet! Not to mention the tools necessary to make other good looking leather pieces, should you want them. That's good thinking.
U/MGTS has it right. It's not rare, it's not valuable, but it is solid. It would probably work best with a basket on the front for kittens and flowers, and will work best on sunny spring days cruising to the farmer's market. It looks like someone has been taking at least a little care of it, but check your brake pads and tires for dry rot. Lube the chain and take off on social rides!
