I would have guessed Detroit.
[Still my favorite picture.](http://i.imgur.com/lh8eFnn.jpg)
r/DrunkGirls is pretty good.
I saw a college student with a tower and an lcd display at a Starbucks. But it was a mid-size tower and he was with his friends who all had laptops. Barely even noticed him.
He died from a heart attack too. Basically he aged much quicker, resulting in having the body of someone at least 20 years older.
He killed her with the only weapon banned by a pope.
Any dumbass can edit a wikipedia page. That doesn't make it true. Special effects existed since the beginning of film. CGI didn't come around until the '80s.
Your drill would just rotate around this bit.
Amazon and Anal.
Since the head came off, this would be considered a failed hanging. It's supposed to break the neck. Also, guillotine is the device, not the act of removing a head.
They've been doing it since the beginning of “feature-length" films.
Noticed you said you thought the prop may have been undamaged? If that's not a typo, I can tell you the prop is beyond any form of repair.
But it’s a piece of the costume falling off.
The car or the fighter jet?
I get pulled over all the time for the most pointless stuff. Last time it was because I took too long to make a right hand turn at a red light. The real reason is that I accidentally made eye contact with the cop. I knew he was going to pull me over as soon as I looked at him.
Everyone got employed with low level shit jobs. I know I did.
If you don’t brush around implants the gums will rot away until you see the pin and bone.
It’s not genuine unless you type it like this: Breeder Bullshit™.
You’re still crazy, but not for that reason.
I believe you anchor to the building every third floor.
You’re parked on the sidewalk!
Kraft Singles aren't even real cheese.
Here I thought I was being original when I set up a long line before turning it on.
I’ve been personally told by a parent that this is the most effective method to shut their kid up. As soon as they throw a tantrum, you do it even louder. If they're old enough they get embarrassed and shut up immediately. The more people around the better.
She succeeded in poking him with the HIV needle.
Back in the day when 3 years age difference felt like 30.
And the most expensive thing we own is the computer.
And the other half is into gaming. For me it's 3d modelling, which means having a Nvidia Quadro that's hooked up to my watercooler system. Everything in my tower easily exceeds $4000. But it's worth every last penny.
I would not build a Z97/DDR3 system unless it was out of random parts I found. DDR4 has been out for what, two years?
Why not call the Fire Marshall?
I died for moment when the scissors stuck in the floor at the beginning.
28 Days Later.
Average.
Saying good buddy can be an insult to the person you're saying it to. “Thanks good buddy” in a sarcastic tone means “thanks fag.”
Let me guess, mid 20's?
At least they're not debating how quickly they can jerk off every guy in the room.
AC adapter and 12v adapter were what I used 99% of the time. An outlet was almost never more than an extension cord away.
That's the biggest ornamental bell any cow will ever wear. Cowbells aren't even true bells in a sense. They don't ring out.
Because he fucks like it's his job.
There's even that popular clip of a cat “slapping” a baby in the head with both paws, but retracted claws. Cat knew exactly what it was doing.
They're infused with jizz.
I was gonna say. Maybe he thought you guys really needed the R&amp;R.
It's always the cheerful cartoon character. They're worse than the clergy.
Or Bill Nye.
Friends are bullshit anyway. They will always leave as soon as they get an SO.
Can't even count the number of Magic Wands I've bought over the years. I should just buy a pallet.
I had to up and quit working for anyone. Bosses simply can't treat people how they want to be treated. Fuck ’em. I made my own company, with blackjack and hookers. Okay, maybe not with the hookers...or the blackjack. But I really am self employed.
That would make Tesla roll in his grave even more.
It’s a joke. He was too smart to be “against” it.
Haven't seen young girls making dick cakes before, that's why.
Give it a little tampy. Tamp, tamp tamparoo.
Relative to other Civics.
Did not enjoy driving through the Rockies for the last portion of a 16 hour drive.
Fuck yeah, thanks. Can't wait to visit someday.
This comment should go down in the history of time.
I'm guessing something in the lever must be making a pop. Perhaps different motherboard manufacturers? I never heard it either and only needed to use more force than I thought would be necessary at first.
Sometimes called IPA. Don't confuse it with India Pale Ale.
I'm a yank and even I know that.
God damn karma whores.
It’s a damn joke people. They're only making fun of Tai Lopez. He's been a joke on the internet for two years.
I tired connecting a peripheral Lego Mindstorms uplink to USB using a USB-1/8th Adapter and a 1/8th-peripheral adaptor. Didn't work.
All we know is, he’s called The Stig.
It’s rather tastefully executed.
That's *why* you use shovels.
Men aren't extinct yet, so no.
The opposite of the Japanese clap. They all stop at once.
Both solid ideas. Andy from Nitro Circus did this to Travis. He put up pictures of himself doing a tricycle backflip in Pastrana's house for him to find, like inside cabinets or boxes. Random places everywhere. Calenders and filing cabinets are good stowaways.
Inside the tampon box and the toilet paper rolls is a fun one because they're already likely pissed.
There's sore losers and there's sore winners.
In addition to my other GPU’s...
They learn or they get pulled against the ground while while shitting all over themselves and the ropes. They do it by keeping their back legs stiff and sliding on their paws.
Janitor.
Thank you for being a good sport. Don't know why everyone’s squeamish. This *is* r/wtf.
I got a Pentium 2 rig that I keep around just to hear Windows 95 boot.
Not just the smell, but there could be VOCs in the air from all the decaying garbage. It could literally make you physically ill.
Last time I played online my X80 was all chrome with the highest pitched music horn. It was visually and audibly the most painful thing I've ever experienced in the game.
Well it works for my jet ski.
Although it’s much thicker on top than the bottom. This not only increased vertical loads above center-of-gravity, but increased lateral loads from wind sheer and water.
Even my grandmother still says you get a degree before you get anything else. Once you get that degree, you can do anything you want....
If you were a grower yourself you wouldn't fear legalization. I buy my weed locally and have grown for 10 years. The only real benefit is the money savings.
Flown Flight Simulator since 1997. GTA is definitely cake when it comes to flying, but moving from a keyboard to controller took me two or three sessions to get used to. After that I improved for another week or so until I leveled off. That's what I meant by learning curve. I think you're reading too much into one phrase.
I too enjoy playing the most dangerous game.
Thanks. I'll remember to find a seat.
But nothing beats Street Fighter 2.
Hold my paw, I'm going in!
You don't even need the airflow to be moving in that direction. It could be pushing air out the front. That helps prevent against heat buildup behind the case. Edit. Had a stroke halfway through and fixed the typos.
Sell your car and ride the rifle to work.
In a stand off they need to shoot down the building around someone.
I was thinking Harry Potter; where they ride Barrets instead of broomsticks while playing Quidditch.
Yeah, wouldn't work here. But it works great with my cooling loop.
The total bill was $138k. Each camera body is $50k. Guessing he bought two bodies.
Piss Taker, come on!
Just like sex.
Nah, this is great. I already got three golds under my belt, but no silver.
~~Bet your boyfriend appreciates it.~~
Fat chicks need love too.
How insightful.
Remember pogs?
Silencer was a brand name. They're called suppressors.
*You just say ‘bingo.’*
