Yeah well good, that champion fucking sucks and isnt fun to play. I understand the zac criticism on not having a new skin until, but yorick actually blows.
Alot of things. But something simple that I despised before being with her was rap music. Like I liked some of the funny eminem songs as jokes or whatever but I never really liked rap music. Then she showed me a bunch of biggie smalls, tupac, ice cube, and even newer stuff like drake, lil wayne and kendrick lamar. I listen to rap like half the time now.
No its aesop rock. Asap rocky is a bitch rapper
Also his newest album is the ep with one catchy pop song, and the rest is shit even with a jayden smith feature. What a joke
Radiohead
So what you are saying, is that the harder to play champion, riven, is better than the simple champion garen, in terms of skill ceiling? Why would you want it any other way? I understand riven can be absurd, but the people doing crazy things on her play alot of riven and have mastered her combos, her cd, her limits essentially. Why punish people for being good and putting time into a champion. God this reminds me of the AWP circle jerk in csgo.
To be honest, Lee sin is best played in a non flashy way. Like sure you can insec and it looks cool and everything but it makes so much more sense to just assassinate early with your innate dmg, then build tank and just peel for carries. For real, if you can kick one guy back into his team mates so your team can get free dmg, that is so much better than kicking somebody into your team. If you want to do that, play pick champs like thresh, morg, blitz and get a tank jungler instead.
Take barrier since he's basically an adc and you WILL get dived, that little extra defense is incredible on him. Don't farm with soldiers early because it pushes lane and uses Hella manna. Just get good at last hitting with his auto, it's not bad. Against melee, bully your opponent when they go for cs with a good w AA q AA. Conserve manna though. Keep a soldier up at all times so you can escape with w q e. In team fights it is RARELY optimal to dive into the team and insec them back. Use the wall as disengage and to split the team apart. Stay far away and be doing dmg the whole time even if it's not on an optimal target. Your q cd is low late so you can contact lyrics redirect soldiers. Max q first, then w so you can have 3 soldiers put at a time. Morello into ludens or zonyas depending, then straight dmg or a situational abbyssal. Treat him like an adc.
I too have seen the David Fincher movie
Dexter season 4 was in my opinion the highest point of the show, perhaps the first season is equal. Anyways season 5 was like watching a show written by retards. I honestly do not understand what the fuck happened. And then they kept going and it stayed bad til it ended. It was amazing and one of the best shows on til season 5.
See I'm one of the people with the unpopular opinion that ac2 is by fsr the best assassins creed. Everything else felt like a money grab to keep the series going. Ac2 was fresh, new character, great new cities, aqesome mission structure. I don't know the other games after just make me think about ac2. I haven't played black flag though
I hear alot of people saying Brotherhood or Black Flag is their favorite. Guess we know different people.
Yeah, It definitely showed.
Pretty sure comms and video are not synched. Could be wrong but it makes a little more sense
Half Life 2, fallout 3. Couldn't choose one sorry.
Yourmoviessuck. Lots of good reviews and then lots of reviews of awful movies. I recommend watching his m night Shyamalan review videos
The best way to smile for pictures is to think of something funny like a Louis ck standup and then laugh because when you laugh you naturally smile
Is everything cringe now?
Well that would include everything I guess. We do not have many adjectives in the english language so I guess everything is cringe now.
This sub is the king of posting stuff that everybody has heard already several years ago. Bravo! I love the song though.
Oh my goodness. This is just too much. I'm literally can't dying
I hope you give her as much in return. That sounds like a 50's wife
Not everyone. My mother is a racist paranoid schizophrenic who I have blocked on all communication outlets. Obviously if you have a mother with great qualities, some of those qualities should be seen in other people, especially another person who can be there emotionally as a parent usually is. Just saying, I think people look for the good qualities in people, not necessarily their mother who may is e those qualities.
Ahh, alright. Good to hear
Yeah this album is awesome. Lots of different sounds in it.
Everything Everything -- Get to Heaven
All hardcore/metalcore. To be honest, even if you do not like the genre, or just not as into it as others, I still recommend Enter Shikari. Really, really strange British electronic/rock/metal band. I never know what I am getting into when I listen to another one of their albums. To see if you like them, I would listen to the song Juggernauts. It was the song that got them on the map on their album Common Threads. They have matured a bunch since then, and improved in nearly every aspect. Good luck!
Run the jewels 2 is 2014.
Well, this is a sensitive subject that could save your kids. You do not want your children to make a potentially life ending decision because they are afraid of getting in trouble with you. My dad did the exact same thing. I never needed him, but I always knew he would be there if I did.
Parenting is work after all. A work you can't leave at the office
I hate to break it to you, but being an analyst in the scene gives you free reign to...analyze whether it be criticism or not. As a team owner, you do not get to be an add on social media and make a fool of yourself. Thoorin is a journalist. He generates clicks and views so he can make money. I like regi, but it was obvious after the whole thing was said and done that regi was in the wrong. Gotta remember he's not just a kid on the internet. He runs a business where your image can hurt you if you fuck it up enough. Luckilly the pr saved him the apology and he has been portrayed much better since then. I'm sure he's a great guy, who got caught up in the moment and forgot who he was. The boss does not argue with the people talking shit. He says nothing and continues running the biggest brand in the scene.
Does the whole league team use tyons
The tyon is by far the best though
smile more
The only cool mispelling for drew ive seen was a guy i worked with named Dru. He was korean with a bunch of tattoos and an undercut. It fit.
Alrighty, I just do not know why people do not just go to the top posts of each month. Like as soon as I found this sub, I went through all the top posts of each month to find music. This will probably end up on the top posts of January. I am not mad that people found this band. I actually want them to be known, I just think it's funny that it gets posted again when it's on a top post of the month already. Not a big deal.
Aye aye capn
Ahh thats a shame. Fizz is actually really good right now lol.
I mean the time travel makes no sense. And the plot makes no sense. Sure it's a cool movie, but it kinda takes you out if you try to think about it. Watch YMS review of looper on YouTube and you will see what I mean.
Dude, there's a section for all Netflix originals and everything I've seen has been great. House of cards, bojack horseman, daredevil, narcos(my fav), and master of none. Thats just the tip of the iceberg. There's clone wars seasons, a bunch of comedy specials like Aziz ansari and john mulaney. There's easilly 15 more shows that I'm on my way to watch. Currently watching peaky blinders and maron on there now. Use it brah.
Yeah just go to search a show and there should be a bunch of categories under the search bar with Netflix originals near the top. Honestly watch Narcos.
Reminds me of sons of anarchy and boardwalk empire. Cillian Murphy is great though
Yeah I'm liking it so far. Reminds me of sons of anarchy and boardwalk empire
Yeah I gotta get back to boardwalk empire.
Could I have some examples? Genuinely curious
This is pretty fucking incredible. Not sure how this kind of practice could be performed in hospitals but it would be very useful. When I was working in the hospital, stroke patients in poor areas would show up past the window that we could treat them and would just have permanent damage. I remember a lady who said she fainted and came to the ER with her sister like 4 hours later then waited in the waiting room for another 4. We realized she had a minor stroke and there was permanent damage. Some people just have never felt the symptoms and a little bit of tingling in the hand seems silly to go the ER for. Not all strokes are full blown peter griffin level where the whole face droops. Sometimes it's just some tingling on your right lip or eye. The window for treatment is too small.
While I don't think you are a god with mastery, I honestly am not opposed to the idea that you must have some level of mastery on the champion in order to play them in ranked. No clue how the specifics would work, but I am just tired of looking at lolwiz and seeing that half my team doesn't even have 5 games played on the champ and zero normals on the champ. Gotta practice a lil bit before you go ranked
Sell me on it. With text or video
Play safe, scaling adcs that can farm well in lane. Mf, corki, Lucian, jinx, kalista etc. Ezreal is on the rise along with twitch as well. Focus on farm before trades. If you aren't duo it's hard to coordinate trades. So just tell the support to hold spells defensively and just zone so you can farm. Then do work in teamfights. Keep track of big abilities like flash, or malph ulti. You know what I mean. If malph ult is up or whatever catch spell and your flash is not, stay back. Let the malph choose to be kited or forced to ult someone else. When big spells like that are gone, do dmg forever, keep auto attacking and stay at the edge of your range. No reason to suicide to kill one guy. It's better they run and you get free hits on tower or get drag or something. Farm, stay alive, and do dmg safely. That's how you do well on adc.
Can shiphtur just retire already. The dude still can't even cs
Thanks, looking forward to buying one after reading lol
Laundry. Not sure why. It's not hard, I just hate it.
Unless she is constantly running out of mana in the mid game where she is most powerful. We will see how it works. I just know that I use alot of manna with her if i cant reset off minions. It's her main trade in lane, and now you will lose manna each time you trade even if you have mastered it.
Well I mean the reason that there exists a one shot caller model is because everybody is so damn quiet here in NA. I mean yall remember TSM of last season. Bjerg would talk and the rest would not talk. Of course it makes more sense to have democratic shot calling if all the shot callers are good shot callers and talk. Better to develop a primary shotcaller for team fights, shot caller for early game and objectives, while everybody calls out. Like every spell thats important, whether a lane is gank-able. I mean everyone should talk.
You think they would have won with any other adc in Europe? Please man. The fact that they could ban forgiven out and nobody else on the team could carry with op picks proves my point. Yes they had an I interesting strategy where they pushed all lanes and let svenskeren duel the enemy jungler. This was the lee sin, elise khazix meta after all. Just saying if their shot calling was really the reason they were winning, then banning forgiven out wouldn't have done anything.
Honestly fuck Hillary Clinton. We do not need a robot puppet hack fraud as president. God what a cunt
She hasn't even undergone the sex change yet though... What if I put a wig on and wear a dress I'm a female hero? It's a fucking shit show. Jenner is a disgrace to women, men, and transgender people. Go talk to trans people, they do not consider her one one of them. She's not courageous. She could go back at any time. Real transgender people with the surgeries feel that they are in the wrong body. What so Bruce finally realized after training for the Olympics, getting married, having kids, being over 50, that he's a woman? It's honestly a fucking joke. Then when you act surprised, everyone thinks you are insensitive or prejudiced toward trans people, when really I'm just insensitive of a fucking celebrity hack fraud exploiting the transgender movement to escape the car accident where he killed people. Perhaps that last part is out of line. I just don't think she's a fucking hero. Certainly not woman of the year.
Are you just parroting? Go talk to a trans person who has gone the whole way, with surgeries and medications and everything. Caitlyn has yet to have the surgery and trans people don't see her as their own.
Well I am sure there are two sides to this obviously. Nearly every trans Ive seen claims it's a publicity thing and that she is a disgrace. You honestly cannot think she deserves woman of the year though? I mean that is just silly. What did she actually do?
Yeah, but unlike an assassin he has to scale up to that point. Can't assassinate til about 20-25 minutes in.
Like Jack and Jill
Dude I was told nothing when I watched this movie. Thought it was just a nice little flick, then the whole nazi thing started happening and I was just on the edge of my seat, then in awe, then near crying.
The Prince's Tale in Pt of Harry Potter. My favorite chapter of the whole series, and Rickman is my favorite actor in the movies.
Oh shit yeah thats right. Do they have halo too? Or is that just TSM?
I like Kobe too. I just think that he gets wayyyy too excited sometimes. Like that's not a bad thing. It was amazing at the end of the C9 vs. Najin White Shield game when he yelled "thats game!" 3 or 4 times. As for really nice, concise analysis, I think Jatt is a hair better in game. Of course Kobe is the bomb with his theorycrafting out of cast though.
Because they are owned by Riot. Riot can set any sort of contract terms on them, including not allowing them to spend time on another job/project. It is similar to how "moonlighting" or working at other clinics is not allowed for physicians in the medical field. Your employer wants you at your best, and perhaps having another project or job could detract from your primary jobs' performance. However, I can't imagine that Jatt didn't just go ask Riot if he could do some small content on youtube or twitch.
I mean New Balance has Sk Telekom right? Nike will be on TSM is a year or less, i guarantee it.
Sk Telecom is sponsored by New Balance....Also chess is a sport. The definition of sports changes as the culture does.
Plus they are wearing new balance
Yeah, I mean amazon has all sorts of different shipping methods though. Most of the time I order multiple records and they come like this. However, one time when I had ordered just one, it came with only the cardboard sleeve, no exterior box or packing materials. It arrived just fine, but the warped records I sometimes see from amazon could totally come warped when packaged without a box. Who knows what other packages can hit it in the truck or how it's stored. But I mean, if there is a problem, you can just return it. Records are kind of delicate and if they are not shipped correctly and something happens, amazon understands. Which is why they mostly ship in the box in the first place.
I am fairly certain I have been there. I cannot remember, but it sounds the same and I remember the big ass pickles and that monster 20 dollar sandwich. Fairly certain i got pastrami as well. The fucker just came apart when I picked it up. Just had to eat it with a fork lol. Floss for days.
Pretty good explanation. I find that I am on top of things or at least think I am, until something happens where I'm not prepared, then I start over and try to do it again, this time taking into account the mistake I made earlier. But it just feels like there are infinite mistakes.
I mean also dragons. Charlie Weasley works with all sorts of different breeds there.
Yeah like wtf..........
I totally agree. Monetizing your free time would be one of those things you can limit though.
Big and open. Two floors I believe. But the tables were tight. Mostly all wooden.
My favorite song by them.
I've only met one person that doesnt like Pink Floyd. But yeah all these songs are amazing. If you want a synthy weird track from animals also, I recommend pigs.
Good choices. However I love every song by this band. Even their splits
Well everyone has different opinions right? I think a 6-7 is a fine score for it. It was a really entertaining movie, but to me it wasn't fantastic. I don't think people rate movies low because of who directed them.
For real like piglet is going to listen to anyone. That guy is just a pain to work with it seems
Or just leak before queueing up
Me too
Botrk for split push duels. Hydra for team fight
It's okay for us disagree!
Yeah or the Fenix misplay at the end......for real tahm can be banned. Missing shockwaves is their own damn fault.
Sure there is...but as a general rule of thumb.
It doesnt help you split faster though......More attack speed helps you kill towers faster. Zed waveclears with his abilities not with his autoattacks like the champions would build hydra to split push. And then the most important thing....you have to be able to duel the person who comes to try to stop the split push. Botrk is better for dueling due to the increased single target dmg from passive and active. Hydra is better for team fights as you can get aoe off with the hydra active in the team fight. Like find me a game of a pro player split pushing with zed who bought hydra.
Not as big of a gap between 2 and 3 as with 1 and 2. It is still great. But it feels like uncharted 2. I would still play it. I loved it, but it just was not as awe inspiring as uncharted 2 because it just feels like uncharted 2.
oh boy......the attack speed from botrk along with the ghostblade active is higher dps on a tower than with a hydra. Also there are no games where zed team fights.....cause hes a fucking split pusher. But people want to team fight him when they are ahead for whatever reason, so hydra would be better for that initial aoe quick burst from hydra and e. Late game with qss and zonyas you cannot burst a single target in a team fight. As for the not being able to duel.....of course you set up your split push, ya know by warding the path that people would have to take to get to you. Zed has low cd's meaning that he will always have his abilities up to duel and attack minions. If you want some proof of peoples builds, look here. http://www.probuilds.net/champions/details/Zed 95% of the builds include a botrk. Only one person built a tiamat and it was in a 19 minute game that he bought right before it ended. Faker also played a game and went ghostblade into hydra also ended at a short 24 minutes, in which he basically snowballed and team fought the whole time. Everyone else builds botrk. Because you should be split pushing with zed. It's why hes picked. Literally stop arguing with me and go watch any of these games, or better yet, go ask a streamer like Bjergsen if hydra is better than botrk for split pushing.
Brandon Rogers is so fucking funny.
At least your stupidity has created a meme that I laughed at. Look at top comment
You aren't. Read the graphic
But dexter has the worst decline of any show ever. 1-4 are fantastic television. Then each season got stupider and stupider. Don't even get me started on the last season.
Yeah to be honest that's murder in my eyes. Like how is the copy cat of the office rated higher than the office. It's a fucking copy. It's not bad, bit for real it's always sunny is way better than Parks
Leave.
It's honestly fucking stupid. House of Cards developed one good character. The rest make no sense. We watch the show to see frank and Doug do shit. Mad men developed every one of it's characters including non important characters like dons secretaries and even the minor people from other companies.
Wow, I am stupid! You are right.
A lesson was learned though
Loving the peptide structures here
