Avoid the meth.
The Scribd icon looks a lot like Scruff
Not much of a man, making you wait for a bus alone instead of driving you where you need to go or at least riding the bus with you.
Borrow here. And I do have that much capacity of unused credit. My husband would sell elk antlers or the skull (and horns of course) of a bighorn sheep.
Maybe she should date Jesus
Does the tribe that lived there for generations pay him rent?
Pay them more to guard it than to cut it down. Duh.
Thanks Obama, for making coal illegal /s
Cap &amp; Trade And/or "tax the air" such that people who enjoy breathing support the rain forest even if they image they don't need it.
When the forest is gone you don't get paid to guard it anymore.
Among people who use Spotify instead of merely tuning a radio to OTA (Over the Air) programming.
Who will shoot? Oh right, hired guards.
Sarcasm eludes you
Many people who spent their entire 20s partying have none of that. Who is it that missed out and wasted their years?
A lot of people will almost comment
None of my inlaws know we're married.
TL;DR Blackmail worked for /u/ToolPackinMama
But will they schedule your work around your classes?
Because people who make burritos also need to live
This new color they didn't discover; what does it smell like?
The courage and self respect to not continue a one-way relationship = leaving. Is that what you did, did you leave ?
Call the accused to the witness stand
But his loyalty to Israel exceeds Bernie's Edit : spelling
We should have zero tax rate and infinite growth! That's your logic.
Reagan nearly tripled the size of the tax code It's simplified!
Yet we've been doing the opposite of what needs to be done for 30 years
And somehow we also built infrastructure that was the envy of the world - and now it's crumbling
&gt; boy I prefer men
Rejected how? Did you say "fuck off, cunt"? Or did you remain silent?
At work, you might have work to do. Is it okay at work to just work while ignoring chatter about current events such as last night's TV shows and this week's movies?
My husband and I got married for US. None of our family members know.
You know your office climate better than some random Joe on reddit. Go with the minimum response possible. "Thanks, now if you don't mind I have work to do and I'm sure you do too". Heck like that it almost sounds like you didn't enjoy the "win". Which is fine if you're trying to prove you aren't gloating. Humility or something like that
If you care enough you create new accounts
Whoever downvoted prefers boys?
You should see the insides of its stomachs
What did they "win"?
Why?
He can speak in metaphors but expects us to believe every word in the Bible is literally true.
It'd been a while, but in don't recall phone booths having the ability to record calls.
That's okay. I recorded it too as per your permission in the intro.
If your menu tree told the caller "this call may be recorded" why would the caller tell you they accepted your offer? Wouldn't the caller probably prefer to get right down to whatever issue it is that prompted them to call?
The call center copy of the recording is for their use. My copy is for my use. I've been on hold a while and heard more than once that the call may be recorded. When the call center agent finally comes on the line, I'm not going to repeat their permission to them; I'm going to get right down to business regarding whatever it is that I'm calling about.
I don't have to tell you because you already gave permission when your menu system said "this call may be recorded. .."
Their automated greeting said "this call may be recorded..." so I did.
Your automated greeting said "this call may be recorded" That's permission if I want it to be. If anyone knows of any case law where a court ruled that "may be recorded" really means "may NOT be recorded" I'd be excited to read about it.
How deep from your tract can you puke?
Or Kirk Cameron 's penis
You learned that from my dog, didn't you?
This is why you should chew your food thoroughly .
Maybe he didn't chew
I just look it up (google) again the next time I wanna cook it
Welcome to the new normal. It's phat.
Won't even help a guy accomplish his mission. SMH
Many of those units are already occupied by rats and roaches.
It's depressing to be homeless. Drugs and alcohol distract one from the reality of homelessness.
Tennessee can thank "small government defenders of freedom" for this
These stories confirm we made the right choice : The only people at our wedding were my husband and I, a minister (with mail-order credentials) and the minister's mom (as witness) There was also a soccer team at practice 150-ish yards away, as we had our minimalist ceremony in a municipal park.
As a Wyomingite who wasn't seen a temperature above 30°F ( -1°Canadian ) in over a week, I think you exaggerate.
And I'm having a difficult time understanding which one is written in the top post.
In most US states, the highest paid public employee is a university athletic coach. Edit : someone downvoted the truth, yet can offer no rebuttal
Tl;Dr You're horrified by capitalism
I don't benefit from being able to buy a new product merely because said new product suddenly exists. * can I afford new product? * is new product useful to me?
The money needs to come from somewhere, this is true. Who has the money? Almost all of the growth in the economy in the past 20 years has gone to the already richest people. That's who has the money, so that's where the money should come from.
You forgot to subtract food stamps and other welfare programs that disappear when Basic Income is implemented
While the blame can certainly be shared, who got all the profits?
Lots of blame to go around, that's for sure. So who was it that ended up with all the money after the crash?
Tuition is an investment in people
Where is all the money now? How much bigger are the *too big to fail* banks now than when they got bailed out? **Where is the money now?**
And Section 8, and ....
That's not my position at all. But if you follow the money you'll see that the money and the blame did not get allocated in their respective proportions. As to the question of where to assess taxes: tax those who have the money.
Most agents aren't rational and no information is perfectly symmetrical. Capitalism doesn't give a damn about negative externalities and never will.
Millions in donations aren't *to* any particular candidate. Coal mining corporation donates millions to 501(c)4 organization called "Blue Skies for America" Blue Skies produces advertisement and buys air time (and cable TV / satellite time) to run said advertisement. Advertisement says something to the effect of "Congressman Shmoee wants to triple your electric bill. Don't re-elect him. this message paid for by Blue Skies for America" See how that was millions donated but not *to* any particular candidate?
You would have to outbid the largest banks on Wall Street
There's costs involved in freezing it.
I don't think you appreciate the advantages you have by being born to a dedicated teacher. Many kids' parents don't care about education at all.
The home refrigerator uses more electricity year around than any other appliance. The commercial ice machine is a special kind of refrigerator, and it uses even more electricity than a home refrigerator. Should a cup of ice cost a dollar? No, but it certainly wasn't "free" for the store to make it for you
You don't have to feel guilty to acknowledge that you have advantages others didn't have. Who told you that you have to feel guilty?
I hadn't thought of that. I'll go ask my amputee friend if he has feet now.
* Latter
His collar is too tight
If the pump for that well runs on electricity, turn off the electricity to the site
&gt; wait for them to get bored And hungry, and thirsty, and run out of toilet paper. ...
I suspect water only rises up from that well when an electric well pump has electricity
I saw that on facebook too
The water probably comes from a well. Cutting off the electricity will disable the well too.
Open range is a thing.
How many cases of canned beans did he bring?
You only described Portland. Eastern Oregon is rednecks.
White Privilege
How does he have time for this? Shouldn't he get a job and go to it?
In my unprofessional opinion, the best thing to do is cut the utilities and barricade the supply routes and wait for the Bundy Militia to surrender.
The poachers and arsonists don't even want the "help" of the Bundy "militia"
There might be only a dozen of them too
I don't think you understand how Open Range works
It's easier to spell SCUBA if you remember that it's an acronym for Self Contained Underwater Breathing Apparatus
I'm not confident that compression turns water to ice. Ice is bigger (less dense) than water.
I'm not in the chain of command, but here's my plan: Cut off all utilities to the site. Barricade the site so that no supplies can go in. Wait for them to run out of toilet paper, at which point they will surrender.
150, a dozen. But who's counting?
Someone probably brought an autographed copy of one of Glenn's books. That will give them one extra day after they run out of toilet paper.
I think the 150 number may have been regarding the rally many miles away. The Bundy "militia" in the gift shop / office at the wildlife refuge is fewer by an order of magnitude.
