This.
Brook. Khan knows he destined to be a gate keeper.Already has 3 losses and has little to no ring IQ, not really a devastating puncher, and has a weak chin. Khan knows Brook and Mayweather beat him. Khan will be a gate keeper this time next year.
If that happened i'll take a pic of me licking my friends face[hopefully]
this isn't that cringe. Would have been cringe if she physically stopped you mid hug and THEN offered to fist bump.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-J7n9mDIGD4 wow... lmaooooo
It's a girl &amp; she would be ok with it. really i'm just looking for an excuse to lick her[pause]
ggg loses to ward &amp; would defeat floyd due to the size. Ward is the most complete fighter after Floyd, i'd say ward is 95 percent of what floyd is. He's a very complete fighter. One thing Ward can do that floyd usually doesnt or cant is "maul" opponents. Floyd and ward have inside games. Elite elite elite fighters usually are very very good at all phases of fightinng. Long range, mid range and short/insidie
prime for prime i'd favor ward hopkins. Quicker, better ring IQ, more willing to maul his opponents. I think a more correct statement would be like Andre Ward is Bernard Hopkins 2.0/Upgraded Edition
She looks like john elway in a wig with a spray tan. Cotdam
Yeah but they're your friends so it says a lot about you too homie. I hate people who say shit like "omg i'm getting tired of my friend posting racist shit'. Point 1.) Why are they even still your friend then?
I think so. Look at boston dynamics. there robots seem leaps and bounds ore advanced. For example. Can't their robots catch and balance themselves like animals when their falling to re-gain their balance?
his resume ist. He lost most of his big fights. That's like putting a job you didnt get and adding it as part of your resume.
Yep...That part where he dodged a trout flurry was awesome. you know a good place I can find good quality of may-pac and rigo-amagasa
I feel like a dumbass...I was wondering 'Who the fuck is noir and why is their list so good compared to the others....then it dawned on me.
garcia, After facing Matthysse all punches from algieri will feel like little fluffs of heaven
post pics
sarcasm
I have a question. Are the boston dynamics robots better than the ones in the darpachallenge? Cause it seems their robot are immensely more fluid. one thing i don't get is that BD had their robots mimick human motion or animals to a tee with "joints" so they could balance themselves? If BD entered a challenged with their personally designed robot. Could they win?
I feel srr would have defeated taylor easy
black and I love koth....also I really hated john redcorn
Who is masyweather?
I know the feeling..i respect tyler for this. I had a female friend like this...you always try to support them...but she was a downer like literally all of the time...even when it came to herself.People like that can just kill your mood for the whole day.
I hope this guy moves up and ends up fighting ward,froch,or some other guy that will pummel him
was talking about the son of the great one. well technically 175 is up from 172 CW. i just want to see him get k.o'd more. I refuse to call him by his fathers name.
lmao. Fool look like he on death row
well Expect a slaughter
Lmaooooo
...he always has...only people on the net act as if ggg is a bigger name
i've been playing halo since it came out.. I liked Halo odst's the best...it just sounds so sad though.
ice cube and pac were brutal with their messages. using metaphors doesn't make your raps any deeper. Pac wasn't much for metaphors but he had some of the deepest music i've heard.
hahahaha
He doesn't need to change trainers. He just doesn't listen to them. they give him solid advice and told him to let his hands go vs porter and he just ignored them.
hagler would replicate what margarito would do except he was much quicker[don't be fooled, hagler had great speed in his prime] Plus he could fight lefty with the best of him...I think hagler would tko sergio and ggg.
I think he has a solid defense. When he wants too..I think he doesn't respect his opponents power so just neglects it. In some fights you can see him bob his head and shoulder roll out to avoid punches.
street fighter III: Third strike
are you serious? LOL
calling hopkins the slickest boxer of all time is a mega stretch. I agree that it's a silly notion that kovalev can't box though.
meet me outside pussy
Lmaoooo
this...they're like my least favorite wild life.
me either...first fight was a wash...shit was like 117-111 for porter lol
I feel as if he's completely overrated
upvoted...tyson is overrated to shit. his style of bobbing and weaving was only meant for the first few rounds. If he couldnt get you out of there early he had a hard time. His head movement would stop, his jab would stop and he became a lot easier to hit. I wish i could send vitali back in time to put a beating on mike tyson. And people think he could beat a prime ali or a larry holmes.
umvc3 isn't canon. Gill,Akuma,Oro,Gouken are by far and away the strongest character in the street fighter universe.
.....I wish I could give you gold
Cotto with roach loases worse. I actually think trying to come out blazing against floyd is a bad strategy now..I say you need to have a high tempo yet controlled pace. Cause while you're coming out hot, floyd is hitting you to the body and taking away your energy. Than come round 5 you're tired and floyd just jumps all over you with right hands. If they fight again I think floyd knocks cotto down with an uppercut
will people quit with this..he wasnt going to knock bradley out. Vargas was overrated as shit anyway.
this is a private company...not NASA who was handed a blank check from the government
I guess Pacquiao,Alvarez,Cotto,Mosley, Chino were the easiest fights he could make at the time? ...
at 154 nobody crushes floyd. get the fuck out of here. I bet you were one of them lame ass dudes saying floyd would never fight Pacquiao. If he beats golovkin whose the boogiean you have to beat floyd after him?
arum ducked floyd. He and the hbo team knew floyd would win. They talk about pacquiao beating floyd but when the fight was official and they were asked who they picked. Most if not all picked floyd to win.
FLoyds prime was 135...he defeats pacquiao 10/10
oh well. he lost. plus floyd looked faster regardless
Nah but he's up there...he can fight on the outside, mid range, and inside and brawl..him &amp; floyd are the most versatile boxers on the planet at the moment IMO. Floyd edges him out though.
LMAO
that's what I dont get either. He attacks the body the head, hell sometimes he gets off balanced and gets knocked down. He's one of the more entertaining fighters. Which shows that he's came a long way..where as lara never ever really targets the body.[As head punching is more encouraged]
"Bill Bellichick has announced that automated drones will take the field against the Miami Dolphins"
Bold Pick: Jets.
are you serious? Rice is better than Marv, sure. But to say Marv is not in Rice's league?
Jerry Jones does a lot of things...underpaying players and treating them like crap isn't one of them.
hahaha
I didn't know the Patriots still would have a bye if Them,the broncos and bengals all went 12-4.
Ah yes..Kirk Cousins the crip killer.
"i think every one should get their own personalized animorphs book cuz i wanna be onion rings" -boothmath Sound like it's run by a 13 year old white girl with ADHD.
haha hell yeah man nothing more funny than watching an alcoholic drug addict destroy himself!
this is why reading is fundamental.
Oh I'm well aware of that. I've been known for years that he's done that shit[definitely don't approve of it] as i've been following spacex since like 09 ish. I just thought he would have done something worse..although abusing workers is really up there. Also I know for their field of work they're sort of underpaid as far as other companies go and government companies that do a similar line of work.
.....
How are we goin to talk about a rocket that's vaporware? They announced the Falcon Heavy about half a decade ago and it's still nowhere to be found. Yet you expect us to believe a rocket using a different set of engines, of an immense size..when the last time a rocket of that size of built it was by the government throwing their money at NASA and even then it sort of took time. I wouldn't count on the BFR just yet.
they changed when NE defenders mugged Peyton Mannings receivers.
we went 12-4 a year ago and more than likely would have had a similar or better record if not for injuries.
yeah,i'd much rather have RG3.
I think his shitty qb performance has to deal with him having such a short recovery time, similar to last year. Even when tony romo has an off game[when he isn't injured] he doesn't play that much like shit.
not to shit on Packers fans but favre is pretty overrated.
i didn't know people rated him that highly. He was solid, which was what we needed. Roger Staubach however..
brady still has a cannon.
Wouldn't surprise me if they said this and played brock for schematic reasons now that I think about it.
As a cowboys fan I have no fucking idea why we let Moore go at all.
true. Although I find his other videos a lot more interesting than his football ones. I.e: His videos about porn, just discussing regular shit. Cause they're funny as fuck. Not that his NFL videos aren't funny, but they're that much funnier IMO
Rise up!
who could forget the kurt angle inspired ankle lock he tried on cam...fuck that guy.
I'm not even a vikings fan but fuck Walsh. I ca understand missing a 40 yard plus fieldgoal in those temperatures but he literally missed a fucking old school extra point basically. No fan base deserves shit like that to happen. I'm sorry but I would want him cut.
What a piece of shit.
Holy fuck man this dude is way worse than Suh. From the ken shamrock ankle locks, to dirty hits, to this.
My guess is he doesn't play.
I'm not going to lie. I was in denial, but you guys have a very good defense. Good front 7 and a good secondary
True enough.
this is the afc.
the saints won 4 full years after Katrina. Katrina happened in Aug 2005, the Saints won the Bowl in Feb 2009, that's four and a half years later. Also even around that time the saints were a potential playoff team.
"Here we are on this lovely day to watch the Carolina Panthers take on the government funded team, give all of your applause to! THe AREA 51 Centennials! "
Because i'm sure like any other president...or leader of any country..he values the lives of his own citizens over the lives of people of other countries. Not to mention a bajllion of different circumstances surrounding the deaths.
hahaha
mad at people for trying to be friendly..yikes
It would be like moving from Detroit Michigan to Flint Michigan.
Are you fucking kidding? The patriots when healthy are easily one of the best teams in the league. They have the most underrated defense left in the playoffs.
No. Drake is a great artist but man they would have hoed him at Death Row.
Patriots outside of an anomaly are a sure thing to get into the playoffs.
How many teams have an o-line as good as us?
No way is the NE line better than ours, even when fully healthy. If Belicheck had to literally punch brady as hard as he could in the mouth without telling him it meant he could get our offensive lineman he'd do it in a heartbeat. Twice if brady questioned him about it.
cause he said he thought he was faking.
