because hes got so many bitches on lock
Whenever I start to feel that my weight is holding me back, [I look at this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E4qagwtthNI) and ask myself, what's my excuse? Your weight will only hold you back as much as you let it, and it'll be gone soon if you skate every day anyway!
Where I live, the blank decks are half the price of printed ones. But you have to go to a local shop and buy their shop stamped decks; if you go online you'll pay a lot more.
Love your videos dude, and this trick is absolute bonkers.
So to me, this kind of sucks. I'll wait until the full release to judge it, but this trailer has all the makings of a political force feeding, with skateboarding as the spoon. If it's about the people, it might be an admirable pursuit. If it's about the politics, it's going to be disgusting.
I make my room cold, but have lots of blankets. As my body warms up under the covers, it sends me to sleep.
1. It's fine. 2. [Here's your list.](http://www.brailleskateboarding.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/BRAILLE-ARMY-TRICK-LIST-e1419921617537.jpg) 3. Look for quality wood. There's not really much else you can look out for, so just check that it's made from Canadian maple or similar. Any name brand board should do just fine.
Dark Souls 2 speed run
&gt;can i go smaller to like an 8" Do you mean board or truck size?
So in other words, he wins.
You can. The axle will stick out a quarter of an inch - not that big a deal. I wouldn't really worry about it, you'll probably end up sticking with 8.25 anyway
Is there any explanation for why the Dark One is present so strongly at Shayol Ghul?
Bring back weapon scabbards!
There is a certain maneuvre when riding that I never knew existed until I saw someone do it; if you push down on your tail, and jump ever so slightly, you can push your board forward whilst taking almost all of your weight off of it. Using this technique, you can go over big cracks, small curbs, debris like sticks and pebbles, even stuff like metal grates and those bumps they put on the curbside to help blind people. Learning this skill propells your ability and confidence in cruising the streets, and it is a good level to aim for in regards to your question.
1090 burger is the only thing that makes northcote worth visiting
Learning this truth has only caused me pain.
Wow thanks, but you're only saying that because you haven't seen my kickflip attempts :) The board is a MiniGreen, it's 21" long and 6" wide at its widest point. It's a lot of fun!
I hate this so much
That kind of a setup would be well over OP's budget I think.
Aspergers afflicted 20 something checking in. Fuck the police.
Check out /r/NewSkaters
The Wire, and the first scene. Poor snot boogie
Yeps, it's good. Good board size, Zero makes alright decks. The trucks/bearings aren't the best but that's always the case with completes. This should sort you out good as a starter setup.
The capacity for an uprising that will sweep the nation is the precise reason that the second amendment exists. It's so that the people of America will always have the ability to overcome their government if they need to, because that is the way that America was created in the first place.
Mission Impossible did a pretty good train roof fight scene, in regards to realism.
&gt;Would thunder trucks be a decent investment? Yeps. It really depends on what trucks you're currently riding as to how noticeable the difference will be, but Thunders are great.
I wasn't a fan of the cop car ollie, but a car like this I don't mind. People who buy cars like that have too much money, and would be insured up the ass anyway. Who cares?
Frontside or backside?
Although, you are thinking about sex. It just has nothing to do with adjusting your balls.
This made me laugh and be depressed in equal measure.
Do all your tricks Nollie!
Why did you choose the first one? Usually DKC2 is regarded as the best in the series.
Looks like a fakie 180 varial boneless. Or a bigspin boneless if you prefer.
My absolute favourite kind of skating is the kind that looks like it's done casually, like who put a shopping cart here? Oh well, might as well do a gigantic bigspin over it while I'm on my way down to the shops to grab a chocolate milk. It's just the ultimate skateboarding fantasy, to be that casually good. Makes me hard every time.
I know, but like a good movie you have to suspend your disbelief a little to get the most enjoyment out of it :)
Goon bag and kitchen floor
I quite like the style of gameplay that came from using a shield. Rolling is all about twitch reflexes, whereas using a shield is a much more strategic, methodical way of fighting. Stamina management is key. A lot of shield haters give the impression that you can just hold up a shield and block everything, but to have enough stamina to strike you need to bring your shield up only at the right time, and only just long enough to absorb the blow. Blocking a boss also often stops their combo, which leaves you with a far smaller window in which to strike, they have a lot more recovery frames after finishing a combo. It's a shame that the DLC bosses were unblockable, it killed the shield playstyle
Do you like the movie *Heat*?
He should have held off for a month so he could still get some presents
Yes. Almost all of them.
I'd say that the same thing does apply to blue smelty. Smelty was supposed to be the big mistake of a king that pushed his power too far, and his downfall. Now apparently he already had one already made (and a stronger one no less)? Blue Smelty really cheapens normal smelty's place in the lore in my opinion. Just like the covetous, it turns him from being a character to just being an enemy.
There really isn't any trick to getting summoned. Even putting your sign down repeatedly has not been proven to work better than just leaving it down. You just have to be picked from the pool of players when the Mirror Knight does his thing. There's just a lot of RNG involved.
Just sell it as a replica prop, people have been selling replica lightsabers for years, and Lucasfilm was one of the most litigious companies ever.
I just wanted to mention a combo; Faraam Leggings and Throne Watcher chest armor. The perfect outfit base for any wandering white knight.
That does not look right at all. Something has definitely gone wrong with your wheels I think. I have never seen anything like this, they appear to have melted.
If it was, it would be an x-post, not a repost. Not everyone who browses here follows /r/skateboarding. The video's educational value is very dubious though.
^ this Don't worry about your shoe size or anything, it has nothing to do with it. Just get an 8, then after you've beaten it up you'll know whether you want to go bigger or smaller.
One thing I learnt that I haven't heard many places, is when skating and you come across a crack or a bump or something that you think you might get caught up on, lift your front trucks over it and then just jump slightly with your back foot. Nowhere near the coordination needed for an ollie, and you will almost never get hung up even on big cracks and steps, because your weight is forward of the obstacle and you are pulling your board over it. You're far more likely to eat the floor if you try and hit it with your front wheels first, as it will act as a fulcrum point for all of your weight. It's possible to go up curbs like this, so if you aren't great at ollies yet you can still skate around the streets without having to constantly get off your board.
What a bizarre story.
Here's the deal with almost every complete ever: The deck will be good. Enjoi and Almost are good brands, professional grade, no problem. This is where most of the quality is in a complete, as this is what people who are looking to buy will see first. The wheels will be fine as well. Wheels are easy to make, and there isn't much that can go wrong. [Unless you are really unlucky](http://www.reddit.com/r/NewSkaters/comments/39q1ru/one_of_my_bearings_became_extremely_loose_while/). The bearings and trucks will most likely be of mediocre quality, as these are the parts where it is easiest for the company to cut costs. This is just the way that completes work; it's the reason they are so cheap. When it all boils down though, the quality is a relative thing, and any name brand complete you get will do fine. I'm sure that either of the two completes you linked will be good for learning on.
He sounds exactly like Larry David's Steinbrenner impression from Seinfeld
The red balls are worth one point, and the coloured balls are worth between 2-8 points depending on which colour it is. The black ball is worth 8 points, so for a maximum score you have to only pot the black ball when given the chance.
Ruin Sentinels probably. Funnily enough, it was the fight I had the most trouble with on my first playthrough, but now I just stroll my way around their attacks, and toy with them.
Why did you post this in /r/newskaters?
*takes dildo back to shop for a refund* Sir, we don't allow refunds on items like that. *is out $30* That is one cent per point of karma - success!
Okay.... if you were the referee, would you have ruled that a goal?
Yesterday I was in a car with some people who did this kind of thing when they were younger, they all agreed that they just love to hear the sound of breaking glass. I suppose any kind of anti establishmentarianist acts produce fear and adrenaline, which is a desired state of mind for your average adolescent.
It seems like you have the general idea. How I look at it, is if I imagine I'm just rolling my board at something (without being on it), how would it react to bumps and cracks? It would usually just bounce over them - so when I come up to a crack whilst riding, I push my board forward and jump just enough to take all of my weight off the board. That way it reacts as I would expect it to, and I just have to guide it over obstacles. For bigger cracks and curbs, raise your front truck well over the obstacle before hopping, that way any hang ups have to fight your whole body weight to get stuck.
Everything prior to the trailer was just rumor, so of course people are hype to know that it is actually coming out. Plus the PC release confirmation is a big deal.
I think you might have messed your link up :)
A good rule of thumb is to immediately dismiss anything you read in a youtube comments section.
Pretty good. The only ones I disagree with are Mat, Perrin and Bryne. Galad is perfect.
Which recreational activity is worth getting excited about, if not games?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MaQJj1BQUiU Relevant.
I wouldn't say it's an acquired taste. The only people who don't like vegemite are the ones who don't put the right amount on. You could say the same for soy sauce, or pepper, or any kind of strongly flavoured condiment. The difference is that if you put a shitload of vegemite on, continued eating of said portion will not make the flavour more palatable. If you only put a touch on, no one who appreciates salt will dislike it.
tl;dr
&gt;QTEs Fuck shenmue
I would have put BANG, BANG BANG BANG, and CLICK
The back foot thing isn't really relevant to your problem, as your board isn't coming up to meet it anyway. Yeah it's important and needs to be worked on, but it isn't the immediate problem here. What you need to do is focus on dragging your front foot all the way up to the very tip of your nose, and pushing forward. And all the way to the tip means exactly that; to the very edge of the nose. Don't worry about going over the front; you most likely couldn't do it if you tried at this point, so really exaggerate how far up you are dragging your foot. Hitting the nose is what brings the tail up and levels you out - since you're ollies are going rocket, this is where the issue lies. Also, you are going really fast in that clip - practicing it whilst going just a bit slower will probably help you out.
Skate park editor that doesn't fall apart frame rate wise? Please let it be so
Just like Vegemite, soy sauce has a very salty flavor that can be overpowering if too much is used.
You should watch the Penn and Teller Bullshit episode called Sleep, inc. You might change your outlook on mattresses.
Peter Dinklage was completely wrong for the role... thank fuck
Use my toenail clippings to clean my teeth
I remember me and my sister finding an old purse in our mum's room that contained about 7 or 8 fake IDs, with her face on them but different names. No idea what that was about.
It's easier to get into. The start of DS1 is super frustrating for new players, and gets easier as the game moves along. DS2 is kind of the opposite. I'd say that DS1 is definitely the more difficult game, and I played DS2 first. That being said, champions covenant dual cats on ng+6 is way harder than anything that exists in DS1.
Is that pink grip, or is that the wood? Doesn't it suck having the tip of the nose and tail gripless? EDIT: nevermind, I can see that it's just pink colored grip. Looks rad! What size deck were you on before?
Which cliche deck did you get? I just ordered a [Vem Villemin typewriter](http://skateparkoftampa.com/spot/productimages/colors/1_66289.jpg), can't wait for it to arrive.
Yeah, you'll notice a big difference when you try to go further off the nose. Your back foot will start to do all the catching and eventually it'll end up [looking like this](http://gfycat.com/HonorableJointBordercollie)!
The worst example of this for me was [NetStorm](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NetStorm:_Islands_At_War). Thought I had the game sussed out, you build bridges strategically and counter your enemy's buildings. Then I played my first multiplayer match... and my opponent was so quick at building bridges that he managed to completely encircle mine and cut me off from building anything at all. It was a slaughter.
You should check out Eric Clapton's cover of [I Shot the Sheriff from his Hyde Park show](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Iugs4pSpgY). It's not exactly like the structure of your two examples, but to me it gives the same kind of feeling as I get from Free Bird; a very relaxed main song, with an intense guitar solo.
I remember anthony mapstone from back in the xen/psc days. Really great guy.
Was that eric koston making a guest appearance?
They all just expected an offside ruling and were waiting for it. The fools!
How is this so far down? I think that this is the only movie where I was almost certain I had it sussed out, until the end scene where I then realised I had no fucking idea what was really going on.
That dog's eyes are so creepy
This is truly amazing; your reddit post links to an article, that links to a reddit post that includes a photo the original creator took, which is used by the article you linked. This is some complexly interwoven reposting
Not that impressive - it's literally just flying straight. I've seen those Red Bull planes do much more exciting things than this.
Jingle All the Way. It's a pretty fun movie.
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N6bZiOjS5d8
It's moreso for the levels than for the bosses. With 5 or 10 estus you had to be really picky about when to heal up as you were progressing through an area; if you had 20 you just chugged after every hit.
I think that the DS2 Estus health regeneration speed was better than DS1. I never liked how estus refilled your health almost instantly. Also, 20 is way too many estus.
No it's not. If he learned to ollie regular, he pops with his right foot. If he skates goofy and pops with his right foot, it's a nollie. You should probably stop correcting people until you work this stuff out :)
I know that everyone is being encouraging, but I think that 202 is a bit overlevelled for a first run. 150 is about right, maybe 180 is pushing it. An extra 20 levels would have made the last few bosses (especially watcher and defender) quite easy. I'm certain you noticed this though, if you're asking the question. Joining the CoC is absolutely what you should do, it will make up for your extra levels and make your next run a lot more fun. This time don't consume all the boss souls, use them to buy weapons!
What city are you in? As for tricks to do, just [go down the list](http://www.brailleskateboarding.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/BRAILLE-ARMY-TRICK-LIST-e1419921617537.jpg) and see what you can still nail, then start at what you can't!
You're calling all the bosses easy, but you were level 200 before Drangleic. Being 200 at the credits might be over levelled, but being 200 at the halfway point certainly is.
Yeah that's certainly true. If you did the DLCs as early as you got the keys, it would certainly pump you up; you would still be over levelled though. What I'm saying is that the end game is tuned for a certain level range, and that 200 is really quite high in comparison to boss health and damage. They were designed to be beaten by someone who has not done the DLCs, after all.
That powerslide was sweet as hell
Check out 1:18, it absolutely looks as bad.
I remember when I was like 9, my mum made me choose between a vet bill for my cat and a nintendo 64. what a bitch
