or he still 19 years old
Malone,but cp3 will join him.
KD will never join miami lol
I dont know why you're getting downvoted lol
They will in their primes.
lool u cant be serious
:)
bill russel the goat
fuck man
lebron fans already making up excuses lol ,like it or not it will hurt his legacy losing 4 finals is not good
lol im done
fucking tmz
from Egypt!
Kd always spent the offseason in LA
They will lose in the final again
What are you talking about?, every time i say something negative about lebron i get downvoted lol
So is lebron every year lol
Pique u stupid fuck
cool story bro
Nice try lelayup fans.MJ still the goat
thats why i say something negative about lebron, i get downvoted and every one want to kill me
I got downvoted because i said kobe.like wtf, kobe haters give me a break.
Everyone one saying kobe is getting downvoted. People here are pathetic.
im tired of this mock draft lol
What do you expect lol this is the final
Lol
you are right lol, he pushes everyone when he is going into the rim.
Im fuckin done
john cena
Lebron needs him
Lechoke
he is the best pg now
yeah dude it is sad lol
okafor will be the best center in the next 20 years and will dominate everyone in the league and will force everyone to go big and lakers will shine again.
Lebron*
why dude? you guys made it to the second round, thats an accomplishment for the clippers franchise.
cp3 choked lmao
no
every lebron james team.
if you guys got kyrie then cp3 wont be a clipper lol
he is the next duncan :)
we will give him all the money.
no they dont have anything in common
Clippers will never win a championship lol
why not?
Lmao warriors fans talking shit now.
damn this dude can do everything lol
Lol yup and we did it successfully.
wtf is happening.
i dont know how to feel about this.
magic said kobe is the best laker lol
ok Choke city
hahaha come to the lakers so you can bang your gf anytime you want love.
damnnn
Okafor has all the tools to be a good defender so im not worried
Thank u dude.
i cant fucking sleep now.
i have been doing that all day dude ,shit is frustrating.
cmon man
I'll be off twitter for the first 5 picks.
hahahahahahahahha sorry Philadelphia you guys can hate us more now.
you fuckers
how do you know?
flair??
wtf are philly doing.
but the nuggets drafted mudiay?
nah you are wrong.
kobe also had an mvp season in 2003 .
yeah because i hate their owner.
hahahaha will see :)
lol not close.
misleading title lmao.
yeah it is.
when Celtic fans are defending kobe ,you know that your opinion is bad.
i love people like you lol
do what makes you happy.
fuck off.
Next year we will :)
Yeah,it is not casey fault that lowry and de rozan couldn't hit a shot
Harden is definitely better than Kahwi lol
Im sure they are happy now
John cena
Thanks to harden freethrow for saving his TS
Stop crying
Stop losing in the finals
yeah Lebron was bad in the final shame on him
Nope
99% of Clippers fans here are CP3 fans
Or maybe he was playing out of his position and couldn't fit with Okafor.
Rose actually has been playing well
Kobe is better than Lebron
Lebron abuse the shit out of it.
Kobe is the best Laker ,and of course the old guys will prefer someone from their generation .
Yeah because stats is the most important factor.
Thank you man, someone here know what he is talking about.
Blake causing spacing problem?
Wtf im asking a question. Clippers fans are sensitive.
His ugly playstyle will never change lol
Thanks for answering the question.
Because Russell is more valuable to the team than Okafor
