Maybe they'd be up for *Propeller*. Or, more likely, I'm going to put together a proposal for *Separation Sunday*.
Lightspeed is open! Also, I find it interesting that even though the Saturday Evening Post's contest is for Great American Fiction that evokes America, there's no explicit rule that I can see that it has to be written by an American. Heh. Heh heh. I have some work to do.
Wasn't big on the new Hot Chip but besides that this list looks pretty familiar.
That's tomorrow, yeah?
Ok, so you have an idea. Have you finished a written draft - ideally four or five - of this idea?
Same here. I tried scheduling them last time and that was a big cock up so I'm just going to tweet from my phone directly every half hour.
Pretend it's YA, because going by this PitMad thing it's the only stuff agents are snapping up.
Right? I mean, we're not talking about high art here, no matter how much Reddit tries to pretend Nolan is Scorsese. They're superhero movies - most of us could probably have written the basis of them, complete with dialogue, when we were twelve.
I've known this particular user for a while, they're a theatre writer - a playwright. Generally speaking, anyone with that kind of experience could conceivably knock out a screenplay over the weekend - it would be a first draft and would likely require some work, but it could be done. We're talking 120 pages max, nowhere near as full as a 120 page novel, and let's say half dialogue if we're doing an action-oriented piece (more for the artsier stuff). Plus, it's a 120 or so pages of superhero stuff - let's be serious here, we're not talking about stuff that you have to think really hard about. Guardians of the Galaxy was fun and all, but it isn't burdened by an overly intricate plot or weighty dialogue.
Hey hey hey woah woah woah There are some decent writers on Reddit. Hell there are some decent writers on /r/writing.
Yeah, we'll have to agree to disagree I guess.
You're right, that's not what I said. I said nothing about anything being "finished". In fact, if you'd care to read what I said, it was: &gt;- it would be a first draft and would likely require some work, but it could be done So you're arguing something completely different than what I'd originally laid out. FYI there are people who knock out the first draft of a 50,000+ word novel in 72 hours. They do it every Labour Day weekend. As I said above, they're first drafts and require work to bring them around to something salable, but people do it all the same. The first draft of a 120 page screenplay over the course of a weekend is entirely within the realm of possibility.
Isn't that the same newscaster that used to tell me about the miracle cure of acai berries?
Sorry, I guess I need to sharpen my hair-splitting knife.
Actually, I believe the technical term is "Proto-CBGB Richard Hell? Never Heard Of Him Punk".
She drove it like she stole it She stole it fast and with a multitude of casualties
/r/synthwave - for that early 80s coke-numbed nihilist feeling!
Yes, absolutely. *Darkness On The Edge Of Town* is the moment where Springsteen stopped believing in the power of redemption for his characters. His losers stayed losers, and they struggled to hang on to what they had rather than reach for more. Also, the title track is hands down the best song he ever wrote.
Hard to say. Either *Let Love In* or *Dig, Lazarus, Dig!!*. *Murder Ballads* is too obvious, *Tender Prey* comes close but doesn't quite make the cut, *Your Funeral My Trial* is brilliant but messy. *And No More Shall We Part* would normally be my answer but I'm in the mood for loud, not reflective, which cuts out *Push The Sky Away* as well, even though the title track there is easily one of the ten best songs he ever did.
Hmm. I have to go with *October Rust* because the first girl I ever loved and I used to fuck to it all the time. I feel deep down that *Bloody Kisses* is a better album, but my dick says something different, so...
This is the absolute truth. The clueless teenagers of 1996 didn't get it, but it's really a leap forward for the band.
Insomniac
*Funeral* is the safe answer, *Reflektor* is the real answer.
God, yes, he's amazing on that album.
Oh, I was joking. The only album worse than St Anger is the Black Album.
&gt;75% filler Lol WTF? *Mellon Collie And The Infinite Sadness* is all killer.
If I happen to be drunk in the afternoon - like I was today - I'll put on *Separation Sunday* by the Hold Steady - which I did today. She said always remember never to trust me She said that the first night that she met me She said there's gonna come a time When I'm gonna have to go With whoever's gonna get me the highest
As together as you can ever play a single player game. That is to say, we took turns.
I don't recall my PS2 version having split screen. Outside of those weird little multiplayer sequences you could stumble upon.
Collateral damage was allowed and inevitable, but only Elvis kills got points.
I have also achieved that...so far. The week is young and I'm already on the brink.
I feel like they're really overdone. They're familiar stories so people think they can avoid doing a chunk of work by going that route. It's like Van Halen's manager said upon the release of *Diver Down* - "When you remake a hit song you're already halfway there."
You know when you try to submit something and it takes you to another screen where it shows you that someone has already submitted the link? Pay attention to when it was submitted.
I spend a lot of time there. A lot of the time it's the usual 4chinz trollery but once in a while something sublime comes out of it.
Welcome! We're glad to see you here!
Good question, but you should post it in the AMA thread instead of making it a separate post.
Oh I've read it. Interesting juxtaposition of one writer that a huge amount of people love and feel is a real salt-of-the-earth type and another that is less widely well-regarded and is often called "pretentious" when his name comes up. *Roadwork* - all of the Bachman novels, but *Roadwork* in particular - had a huge influence on me growing up. When I sat down to write my first novel I'd originally planned it out as a sort of a Bachman novel - short, brutal, violently written, and obsessed with death and the struggle against it.
It's the /r/writing version of the duck-sized horse question.
Television - *Marquee Moon*
Whereas I was seeing FPH multiple times any time I logged in and browsed r/all
Medium rare? Motherfucker why are you cooking your steak? Fucking barbarians.
"Cut Off One Sub, Two More Appear" I suppose, until the admins get tired of the shenanigans and just start handing out IP bans.
/r/iamverysmart and /r/lewronggeneration aren't likely to start doxxing and harassing the Imgur staff. This wasn't about people finding FPH distasteful. This was about the FPH mods being fucking stupid and thinking they were above everything.
Yeah, I'm going to browse by my front page for the next few days until the edgelords get bored and move on to voat or 8chan or whatever scumhole they'll scuttle on to.
She hasn't put out anything as pop-oriented as Kala you mean. Maya was dope af it's noisy and fucked up and slams your head into the wall repeatedly. A lot of people slept on it but it's one of my favourite albums.
&gt; doxxing and harassing the Imgur staff.
#EAT AT JOES
It's about as obvious as the nose on your face. FPH was coasting along hating fat people in a really obnoxious and public way for quite a long time. Then they get into it with Imgur after Imgur decides they don't want anything to do with FPH images anymore. The Imgur staff picture is posted on the sidebar and they start getting called out specifically in FPH posts. Suddenly the subreddit is banned. Wow, really fucking weird. Must be SJWs though.
Let's put a pin in that "less moderated Reddit" idea and go with the live kitten webcam idea. I think that's the real clear winning idea here.
No great loss
It seems that many Redditors are, in fact, pathetic and sad.
&gt; They pissed off the Imgur staff by posting a collage of their admittedly overweight looking corporate mugs, after Imgur banned FPH images. &gt;They didn't track people down. &gt;They pissed off the Imgur staff by posting a collage of their admittedly overweight looking corporate mugs, after Imgur banned FPH images. &gt;They didn't track people down Are you reading what you've written, or are you just typing on auto now?
&gt;The imgur guy said to have it uploaded only and not published Would you like to try that again in English? &gt;Proves that you lack any credibility of knowledge of this situation. Oh no, I "lack any credibility of knowledge of this situation" in this **REALLY SUPER IMPORTANT ISSUE OF OUR TIME** that involves hating fat people viciously. &gt;How is linking images on their sub harassing Bud, let me tell you a little story. Once upon a time in a magical kingdom called /r/metacanada, a group of lulzy folks found themselves waging a war against a *certain power mod* because of his *typical shenanigans*. This was all well and good until their CSS wizard linked to an image of this power mod that was found in the Reddit Santa Exchange subreddit. Suddenly, the CSS Wizard found himself shadowbanned, because as it turns out **Reddit considers linking to an image of a person in order to bring attention to them in a negative fashion to be harassment**.
Story time! Once upon a time in the magical kingdom of /r/metacanada a group of fine and lulzy folks found themselves at war with a power mod who shall not be named but whose identity is probably fairly obvious. In the course of this war one of the mods, who did all of the really great CSS work on the sub, linked an image of said power mod into the header. The image was taken from the Reddit Santa Exchange subreddit, which could theoretically be considered a public image. This CSS mod found himself shadowbanned without warning or mercy, because as it turns out Reddit considers doing such a thing to be harassment.
No, if it was about people saying mean things on the internet then all of the hate subs would be banned, along with places like /r/conspiracy and /r/worldpolitics This is about hate sites that try to spill out into the rest of the internet through harassment. The message is clear: hate all you like, but keep it in your own sub.
&gt;You're just making this shit up as you go. Sure, but you're really whole-heartedly fighting for a message forum on a private website whose sole purpose was to propagate hatred for a specific group of people. I'm just killing a bit of time before I meet some friends and you're waging a campaign to save a forum dedicated to literally hating human beings that you've never met and that you'll likely never meet. Human beings whose lives will never cause any effect in your own. I'm yanking your chain, but why are you letting your chain be yanked?
I don't hate Ellen Pao because I'm not a blubbering manchild crying about how a feeeeeeeemale is impeding my god-given right to speak freely about how much I hate some group of people I've never met. I'm especially not a blubbering manchild who ignores the fact that FPH was banned because their mods refused to do anything about the users that would harass people outside of the subreddit. Or who ignores that a private company has no impetus to give you a platform to express your hatred, but that Reddit has been remarkably lenient towards hate groups *unless* they go out of their way to break the rules in a particularly egregious manner.
Oh shit, I have one. I was like ten and my dad and my best friend had a surprise party for me. It was really great at first, there were some people there I didn't really like but they were invited to be nice so that was okay I guess. There were party hats and I got a really nifty present from one of my dad's friends and another of my dad's friends baked me something special. Things were going great. Then the fucking robot cut the cake with a buzzsaw and ruined it and one of the people I didn't like picked a fight with me after trying to steal my treat. Everything fell apart but then my dad showed me my real present, a gun I could shoot roaches with. I guess it worked out okay.
What?
The robot cutting the cake should really give it away.
Have you seen the front page? Are you sure you *want* to own it?
Well, as it turns out, Redditors talk a big game but don't really get up in arms about the creeping militarization of the American police, or the loss of privacy, or the slow grind of the unending drug war, or the corruption of democracy, or the destruction of the environment. Take away their god-given right to viciously spread hatred about fat people, though, and they'll throw an epic temper tantrum whose main form seems to be heaping scorn upon Reddit's interim CEO in as racist and sexist a manner as possible. I guess the TL;DR of the whole situation would be: Things that matter? Meh. Things that don't matter? Holy shit let's riot.
Am I better than a group of people who are literally flooding the front page with "How many dicks can Ellen Pao fit in her greasy cunt?" because she took away their ability to post pictures of fat people and harass them? People who thought "Ching chong ling long" was the height of clever satire? Yes. If that makes me pretentious then sure. I'm pretentious.
Stupid internet, ignore duplicate post, downvotes ahoy
It's not as though the Reddit administration randomly and arbitrarily decided to take a stand with fat people though. The users of the subreddit in question were harassing people, under the harassment guidelines that have been in place since *at least* 2012, when I first saw them ban someone for the exact same reason as the Imgur nonsense. All well and good if the mods of the subreddit ban those users and at least pretend to adhere to site rules in good faith. These mods did no such thing and actively encouraged it by posting the harassing pictures on the sidebar of the subreddit - so into the trash it goes.
&gt; The "harassment" that people claim was borne of FPH was actually criticism of the fat acceptance/HAES movement [Nope, that wasn't it at all](http://np.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/39c0n3/cmv_reddit_was_wrong_to_ban_rfatpeoplehate_but/cs27yt4)
Except according to Reddit it is. I saw them so the exact same thing to a mod and very nearly a subreddit in 2012. Picture publicly hosted on Reddit, but the moment you use that picture to bring them negative attention *BAM*. Down comes the banhammer.
After a brief hiatus let's get back to the ongoing serialization of my novel *Disappearance* - The Clamoring Wind Obliterates All Else Edition [Chapter One](http://www.chapterfy.com/r/disappearance-chapter-one/) [First Interlude](http://www.chapterfy.com/r/disappearance-first-interlude/) [Chapter Two](http://www.chapterfy.com/r/disappearance-chapter-2/) [Second Interlude](http://www.chapterfy.com/r/disappearance-second-interlude/) [Chapter Three](http://www.chapterfy.com/r/disappearance-chapter-3/) [Third Interlude](http://www.chapterfy.com/r/disappearance-third-interlude/) [Chapter Four](http://www.chapterfy.com/r/disappearance-chapter-4/) [Fourth Interlude](http://www.chapterfy.com/r/disappearance-fourth-interlude/) [Chapter Five](http://www.chapterfy.com/r/disappearance-chapter-5/) [Fifth Interlude](http://www.chapterfy.com/r/disappearance-fifth-interlude/) [Chapter Six](http://www.chapterfy.com/r/disappearance-chapter-six/) [Sixth Interlude](http://www.chapterfy.com/r/disappearance-sixth-interlude/)
Which upcoming contest? The /r/keepwriting one? Or something else?
Yeah actually, hold on, I hadn't realized that Mush hadn't posted one, probably because the AMA had been stickied for the week. Edit: Done.
We're in the process of overhauling the sidebar, I'll add this into the flow because it's a really good suggestion.
I have never seen this band discussed anywhere outside of /mu/. What's with that?
Fair enough
She was actually the sanest person in her family, although she was kind of cracked. Her father was a white supremacist Christian Identity guy who beat her mom. Her mom was in denial about being beaten and ran a sex toy business online. Together they would go on forums and chat rooms (this was the late 90s, for context) searching for people to have threesomes with. Her oldest brother married into some Portuguese family and her dad put a hit out on him for it. Her oldest sister ran away with a wannabe rock star who spent a year keeping her tied up and tortured. When she got away from him she met another dude who seemed nice enough, but they had to spend the early part of their relationship living in a tent in a trailer park. The second oldest sister was kind of normal and is actually how I met my ex, as we were friends for a couple of years before I even met my ex/her sister. Anyway, she was normal enough but she had this one friend she would mentally torture and she ran away too as soon as she could. This left my ex alone in a house with her fucked up parents. She developed a lot of neuroses about her father and being caught smoking, drinking, or fucking, all three of which she did a lot of. She would tell her dad at first that she was going to go hang out with a big group of people in town, and while this was true what wasn't true was the innocence she sold it with. At the end of the night she would brush the shit out of her teeth to mask any smoke smell (and, let's be frank here, the smell of cum, because she was an avid swallower). Once she came out as dating me to her parents, it was actually okay - this being the country, because I wasn't mudrunning a souped up Ford pickup he figured that I was too much of a wimp to make any moves on his daughter, despite the fact that I was putting it in her 3-4 times a day. She had little, uh, quirks, though. She had no sense of shame or privacy. She once gave me a handjob through my pants in the smoking circle. We would fuck in bathroom at parties, or on someone's back porch, against the side of people's houses, in their garages, in the middle of lawns, or, failing all of that, on the floor while everyone else was trying to sleep. Once, in mid-October, we were playing pool with some people and she wanted to go sneak off into the woods nearby to get it on. When I replied that it was fucking 3 degrees outside and that we would probably die in the attempt she took this as a sign that she was getting too fat to be attractive (she was not) and locked herself in the bathroom for three hours. She once beat the everliving shit out of another girl in the middle of the street because the girl had said something "in the wrong tone". I was in a band at the time and she caused a bar brawl to break out at one of our shows. That probably wasn't so much her fault as it was the fault of the two career alcoholics who thought they were going to get with her, but still. She repeatedly claimed that she was the President of the Lorena Bobbit fan club. She once put together an elaborate humiliation prank involving 15-20 people to get back at someone who claimed he'd gotten a handjob from one of her friends. There's probably more I'm forgetting. She was a fucking whirlwind and a lot of fun and I loved the shit out of her. We're both married with children to separate people but I still think about her pretty often.
When it hit Gord's mother it was quick and vicious, a Doberman going straight for the jugular
He told her that everything would be okay, and in that moment the thin wall of the shack tore open, letting the full force of the thrashing storm wash over them.
"If I downvote everyone else, mine will be at the top!"
My wife works for a local digital marketing/advertising firm. They needed some content w/regards to music created and she thought of me because, other than fiction, that's what I do. They needed a listicle about Irish drinking songs created and I asked if they were planning on paying me. She said "No but it'll give you great exposure". God help me, I hung up on her. Apparently they are now willing to pay per piece, so there's a happy ending in all of this.
It was *okay*. It was a Lovecraft pastiche that managed to avoid using Cthulu or any of the other Elder Beings in favour of making up my own. Still had a passage from the Necronomicon though, so it was still pretty derivative.
It has its basis in a night of reading hurricane stories. This one, however, involves a career alcoholic who spends his life protecting a 600 lb woman who eats souls on instinct.
When I get home, if no one else has by then.
I was successfully followed by a bunch of porn bots. Does that count?
&gt;Spoiler: They should have skipped the operation Isn't that always the way?
Per our [3rd Rule](https://www.reddit.com/r/Books/wiki/rules), promotional posts of any type are not allowed. Please see our rules, wiki, and FAQ for a list of alternative subreddits.
So I took a look over there, because why not? Let's see: "What's your favourite fantasy series?" "ASOIAF is overrated" "I want to read but I just don't have the time lol" "I just finished reading A Confederacy of Dunces" "American Gods is going to be a TV series!" "DAE read Sanderson??" "I haven't read anything start to finish since I was a kid lol" Jesus, you may as well just stay here.
Terry Goodkind seems like he has some, uh, interesting kinks.
Best will be an interesting debate. Anyone who says *anyone* other than either Buchanan or Harding for worst is just fucking wrong. Buchanan sat on his hands and did nothing while the United States fell apart, and Harding let his friends rob the country blind.
Unless it sells like gangbusters that's it, for pretty much everyone. Write another book.
The rates are actually lower at the top end than the US. Americans have two top-end bands above ours. Sales taxes are pretty high though.
Ah, then yes. There's a real burden there.
This is true. I spend months thinking how to write what it is I'm trying to imagine in my head. Then I spend three weeks putting it down and BAM! Time to edit for another couple of months.
Tell your wife to stop by r/writing, she can "work on her novel" with the rest of us. Edit: I feel like that sentence implies something it shouldn't.
&gt;&gt;&gt;/r/writingprompts
Guy dies and relives his memories. Everything feels off to him and as he progresses things begin to glitch and fracture. He has to get control of himself or be trapped in Hell. It's a surrealist coming of age story and it's short enough to be sold as YA.
Literally. I have come forward in time to escape the fall of the Nazi regime and to spread fascism through a book page on a Mongolian spearfishing forum.
I second this, we're going to need some details or this is going to have to get 86'd. And as we all know, [there is no return from 86](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DUDnfI2RomM).
Art *is* about more than spreading the "right" message but it's a completely different thing to take a community of people and misrepresent them in such an egregious fashion. If I was to write a book about gamers and portray them as amoral, violent criminals, and it became wildly popular, I'm guessing from your previous comment that you'd be upset about the portrayal. Oh, but it's just art! Art doesn't have to send the right message, does it? So it's okay that all gamers are painted with the amoral, violent brush, right? This isn't about un-PC fantasy lives, and this isn't about people turning on the darker parts of themselves. This is about consensual kink being portrayed as rape-play, sometimes without the play part.
He just doesn't want the post-apocalyptic society to be a bunch of goddamn freeloading commies, that's all. Also he's perfectly willing to go down with the ship, so to speak, despite the fact that he is one of the two major reasons why this metaphorical ship goes down in the first place.
I feel like this is the sort of thing I should remove. But it's George Saunders. So just this once I'll allow it.
I'm going back and forth on whether to remove it or not. On one hand, it's inane. On the other, it doesn't technically break any rules I can think of, and it's hilarious.
