I doubt it. If this was the case, we'd expect people who drink, say, wellwater to look significantly different. But seeing people in rural vs urban areas, I don't see a significant difference, suggesting that environmental estrogens aren't a major contributing factor.
The real reason is that males benefit more from variability than females do from an evolutionary standpoint. Females can only produce so many offspring, but a very successful male can produce far more offspring by mating with large numbers of females. Thus, there is an evolutionary advantage to males being more variable, because a highly successful male is going to have, say, 50 more offspring, while a highly successful female is going to have, say, 2 more offspring. Thus, males are rewarded more for being successful than females - but also punished more for being failures, as a male can easily produce zero offspring, while most females will produce at least some baseline amount.
Uh, there's a big difference between 1 in 292,000,000 and 1000 in 292,000,000 (or 1 in 292,000) - you're a thousand times more likely to win. That doesn't mean you're LIKELY to win, but suggesting you aren't at all more likely to win is nonsense. The reality is that you should never buy lottery tickets because it is always a losing proposition - on average, you will always lose money.
Lottery income is treated exactly the same way as any other income. Why wouldn't it be? If you live in a place where it isn't, it is because they're already taking off the taxes before they give it to you - you just aren't aware of it because you don't see the backend of it. $800 million taxed is no different from $480 million tax-free.
It was from South Park.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dunning%E2%80%93Kruger_effect 1,000/292,000,000 is EXACTLY THE SAME as 1/292,000. Use a calculator if you don't believe me; both come out to the exact same number (~3.4 x 10^-6). This is basic elementary school math here. Do you not think that 9/27 is the same as 1/3? If you have a common number in the numerator and the denominator, you can divide both the numerator and the denominator by that number and get the exact same fraction. Another way of thinking about it: If every one of 292 million people bought a lottery ticket with a different number on it, then there would be a 100% chance of someone winning, with each person having a 1 in 292,000,000 chance of winning. If 292,000 people bought 1,000 lottery tickets each, with no duplicate numbers, that would be 292 million lottery tickets purchased - the same as in the above case - and again, there would be a 100% chance of someone winning. Ergo, the odds *must be* 1,000 times greater. Obviously in real life, people buy lots of duplicate lottery numbers, so even if 292,000,000 tickets are bought, you don't always get a winner, but if you're buying all the tickets, then you won't get any overlap because you know what numbers you picked.
Because the only people who can be trusted to capture him are exactly the sort of people who won't extrajudicially execute people.
Flash is a great program for animation. What you get out of it is what you put into it, as with all things.
Relevant: https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/2t1b9p/wp_its_the_year_2057_queen_elizabeth_still_reigns/cnuto8u
What qualifications do you think would qualify someone to criticize politics? Absolutely anyone is entitled to do so. Fox can put whoever they want on the air. Freedom of speech. Doesn't mean anyone has to watch.
It would be a bit more convincing if he didn't blow up children in other countries on a regular basis. It is, at the very least, hypocritical.
Yes, I'm talking about sub-Saharan Africa, which I hope was obvious from the context. Given that the Egyptians may well have been the first civilization to invent writing (and was certainly ONE OF the first), I'm talking about the sucky part of Africa. Obviously major civilizations existed in North Africa (Egypt, Carthage, ect.) and had writing. And yes, the Horn of Africa had writing as well (Ge'ez for instance predates the Roman Empire). There was writing in sub-Saharan Africa prior to colonial times, but the locals didn't seem to do much actual writing - despite Mali, for instance, having the Qur'an, they didn't write down local histories and suchlike for some reason.
How many applications does each facility send in, though? From my experience with grant applications, research groups are constantly writing grant applications. If you come up with four projects and only one is approved, if that one project occupies your whole staff, you aren't missing out on anything. In my experience, this is generally how such things work - they overapply.
It is a bit more complicated than that - remember the OJ Simpson case, where the jury basically found OJ Simpson innocent because the defense discredited the cops? Just because someone is a bad person doesn't mean they're lying about everything. Do you think that the sexual history of rape victims should be admissible in court, on the grounds that the "victim" was a slut and repeatedly engaged in similar sexual conduct?
Incorrect. Waivers are indeed legally binding unless they are improperly or illegally formulated. Being terminated illegally, and then signing a waiver in return for a severance package, is in fact legally binding and you can't sue. On the other hand, the rock climb example is very different. For one thing, it is preemptive; for another, it is a matter of what is known as Assumption of Risk. Climbing is an intrinsically risky activity, and you are assuming responsibility for the risks you are taking; if you choose to engage in some risky activity, that is on your head, not theirs. On the other hand, negligence does not fall under the standard assumption of risk, and attempts at waiving such would generally fail. Indeed, you cannot waive any state law or public policy. Note, however, that they could, after their rock wall fell apart and hit you, offer you money in exchange for a waiver of further civil liability. If you signed THAT, then they would be immune to further suits (though if what they did was criminal in nature, they would still be criminally liable). Note that this sort of thing is what a settlement offer basically is - agreement to drop a suit in exchange for compensation.
Not a lawyer. Bunch of my friends are, though. Happens when you go to Vanderbilt. :V &gt; If a cop is committing a crime during the investigation, is there anyway the defense could ask that the actual evidence not be admissible? If so, is it probably that motion would be granted? The question is always whether or not it is relevant to the case. It is a general rule you aren't allowed to admit things which are unrelated to the case, but if it is something is probative to the facts of the case, it may be admissible. The logs angle is going to be probably specifically what is important here - if a bunch of stuff was seized from his home and not recorded, then it is legitimate for him to argue that the logs of what they claimed they took from his home are untrustworthy. This is a chain of custody issue. However, the most likely argument here from the defense standpoint would be even before the trial to argue that the chain of custody has been broken because the logs are unreliable and there's no way to prove that the evidence seized matches up with what was actually taken from his house because of the inconsistencies in the log, and therefore the evidence should be suppressed. This would probably ruin the prosecution's case. Even if they failed to get it suppressed, presenting evidence that the logs were tampered with/fraudulent may be enough to trigger "reasonable doubt" in the jury. This is the sort of thing which is likely to be admissible in court - it calls the facts being presented into question, facts which directly pertain to guilt and innocence, and therefore is likely to be probative and relevant. It may be prejudicial in a sense, but it is hard to argue it is unfairly prejudicial because the chain of custody is so important. On the other hand, a police officer stealing money from his wallet seems less likely to be relevant. That's flat out criminal activity, but it has no particular bearing on the suspect's guilt or innocence as relates to drugs. Does the cop stealing money from the suspect have anything to do with whether or not the guy was dealing meth? This is known as being probative - basically, the evidence in question needs to be relevant to the factual legal questions of the case. Being the victim of a crime doesn't have any relevance to whether or not you committed an crime yourself. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Relevance_(law) Another issue is whether or not the evidence in question is unfairly prejudicial - basically, "Oh, that cop is a criminal, therefore this person should walk." That's not a valid chain of legal logic, and the fact that so many people immediately jumped to it in this thread is a good example of exactly why such evidence might be excluded - it has no bearing on the suspect's guilt or innocence, and is instead being used to play people's emotions.
True. Median income for a man working full time is a bit over $46k/year. Bit lower for women.
It could be easily changed simply by organizing a push against it with lawmakers. The problem is that there is little organization behind restructuring or eliminating civil forfeitures. On top of that, raising taxes is unpopular, and it would be necessary for departments which are substantially funded by such things.
Seriously, being sad over the deaths of people is stupid anyway. It won't bring them back to life. This is why you have to have a wake where everyone tells funny stories about the deceased.
They get something for their money - an educated workforce, as well as advertising, both to students and to the world in general. Making charitable contributions is a form of advertising. That's why companies do it in the first place (well, on top of actually wanting to do good things).
You totally choose who your voting base is by who you are targeting your appeals towards. Moreover, they've been lying to their base and riling them up against the government for years. A lot of this radicalization is a result of their own whining and complaining about how awful the government is. It is hardly surprising that their base believes it when the party has been going on about how evil Obama is for so long. They refused to nip things like birtherism in the bud properly. They refused to stand up strongly when they needed to do so. You call down the thunder, now reap the whirlwind, as they say. They CHOSE to rant and rave and to encourage their base to listen to crazy people because them liberals can't be trusted. Radicalism is not conservatism; in fact, the two are diametrically opposed. But they refuse to articulate this.
The world economy isn't doing "shitty as fuck". If you believe this, you don't live in reality. So, let's be clear here: the economy? Pretty awesome. Anyone who claims that wages have been stagnant since the 1970s is either a lying scumbag or someone who has no clue what they're talking about. Here's reality. Not fantasy. Not bullshit. Reality. The computer you are writing this on would have been worth tens of millions of dollars in the 1980s. Possibly in the 1990s, depending on how nice your computer is. Tens of millions. All for what, a thousand bucks? Less? Look at cars today. Not only do they have far more features than cars in the past, but they have vastly better gas mileage and are safer, AND last longer - average car age has been going UP for years as cars have become more and more reliable. Our phones are things which were simply not available long ago, and which were very valuable back in the early days - and ours are vastly better, each containing computers that puts 80s supercomputers to shame. And they connect to the World Wide Web, which contains a ridiculous storehouse of human knowledge which is vastly more accessible than any library, can be accessed instantly from anywhere, fits in your pocket, and and allows you to instantly communicate with anyone anywhere else on the planet with voice and video. Everything we have today is better than it was in the past. We are vastly, enormously, overwhelmingly materially wealthy compared to our predecessors. Living like someone from the 1970s would make you poor by today's standards. But the thing is, this wealth is invisible to a lot of people. They just are incapable of understanding it. They see wealth as being a rich idiot with no day job. But that's not what wealth *is*. You are wealthy. Compared to the vast majority of humanity, and compared to the history of humanity. But you aren't a rich idiot with no day job. We do still need to work. But our money buys us more today in terms of awesome stuff than it did historically. A $30,000 equivalent car in the past is nowhere near as good as a $30,000 car today. This sort of insane deflation is invisible to folks, though, because we see it as a car, not as a "ridiculous luxury vehicle", even though, by historical standards, it is. Unemployment in the US is low, and people have jobs. We produce vast amounts of wealth. People are better off today than they were historically. People just love to whine and be entitled. Yes, we're not all rich idiots with no day jobs, but that's not what wealth is.
This is the main reason why casinos even allow blackjack to be played at all - most people who play blackjack are bad at it.
They're both deeply dishonest acts. And frankly, if someone cheats on tests, why would you expect them not to cheat in relationships? Cheating, after all, is in part about not getting caught, and not caring about what harm you might cause to others by doing it.
The only people who starve in America are children who cannot feed themselves and are neglected by their parents, and idiots who refuse to apply for government aid and are too proud to seek other forms of food assistance. We spend enormous amounts of money every year making sure of this fact.
SJW.
I got that it was Einstein and the Jews, but I wasn't expecting it to be Stormfront.
That's because people are idiots. The reality is that the best books ever written were probably all written after 1980, simply because people are so much better at everything these days. I'd be surprised if the best book ever written wasn't written within the last 15 years.
Ironically, the first recognizable picture of an individual human being is a selfie.
To be fair, worrying about crimes happening in other countries tends to be fairly low priority.
Because of geological activity and erosion. The Earth has an atmosphere, which means we have weather. We have running water, which over long periods of time breaks down rock. And we have active plate tectonics, meaning that the Earth's surface moves around and stretches and is smooshed against itself. We even get new surface over time, as old surface is pushed underground and melted and recycled. The net result of all this is that craters disappear over time on Earth, while on the Moon, they stay intact. The Earth actually has lots of craters, they're just mostly invisible now unless you use special instruments to detect the hidden underground changes caused by craters. If you look at Mars, you can see it is much less heavily cratered than Mercury or the Moon. This is because it also has an atmosphere. But it has more visible craters than Earth, because it doesn't have much water and doesn't have its surface recycle itself and move around and stretch anymore.
The Supreme Court previously ruled that the fetal viability standard was the law of the land. They did not revisit the ruling. Ergo, the previous ruling about fetal viability (which IS a Supreme Court ruling) still stands. Please read posts before complaining about them.
You must think coal is a great Christmas tradition too.
Pretty much zero. $23 billion is more than the company is worth, and is incredibly excessive. The DOJ is seeking $900 million, which is more achievable. They'll probably settle for less than that. It will likely hurt, but $23 billion for phone calls? No.
1) Fines are on top of forfeitures. If you profit from an illegal business practice, *all gains from said practice are forfeited*. This is *on top of* the fines. 2) Being fined is bad publicity. 3) Being fined tends to cost much more than you think it does. The company is worth only $22 billion. The DOJ is seeking $900 million in fines. For comparison, if you had a net worth of $200,000 (say, you owned a house), that would be the equivalent of a fine of $8,000. Do you think that wouldn't hurt?
Another thing worth noting is that the Do Not Call list does not apply to, say, Dish making business calls to its customers about actual business stuff (renewals and subscription fees). So it isn't like you're just dealing with one set of phone numbers here - you've got at least the people you're soliciting and the people who already have business with you. The best people to call would be, I'd wager, people with a historical relationship with your company but who have no such relationship anymore. This would be an easy way for someone who was unwary to get numbers they're not supposed to call on their call list.
The topsoil isn't dangerous. People just lie to you and tell you that it is in order to scare you and to get money out of you.
130 year old houses suck.
How am I a conspiracy theorist? What conspiracy theory did I advocate? Do you even know what a conspiracy theory is? &gt; A conspiracy theory is an explanatory or speculative hypothesis suggesting that two or more persons or an organization have conspired to cause or cover-up, through secret planning and deliberate action, an event or situation typically regarded as illegal or harmful. What conspiracy am I claiming? &gt; I will never bother to actively look up information on this murderer, and hopefully the media censors themselves because morally it is the right thing to do, as proven time and time again by the thousands of people who study rampage murderers. First off, you're lying. You're in this thread, proving that you are interested. If you weren't interested, you wouldn't be here. Secondly, suggesting that the press shouldn't report on things which contradict your world view is deeply evil. &gt; If you truly believe that the world would be a better place if CNN, Fox and CBS were all up there feeding the United States full and complete coverage of the story in order to prevent corruption because you genuinely fear that the community can't handle their own business, then you have a very flawed and narcissistic view of humanity, as a whole. I don't think there's anything wrong with them doing it. If you really think this is none of your business, please leave and never come back.
The US homicide rate is undoubtedly much higher than that of most other developed countries. However, the US is not a uniform place; homicide rates vary widely from state to state. The state with the lowest homicide rate is New Hampshire, with a homicide rate of 0.9 per 100k - lower than Canada, France, and the UK. The state with the highest homicide rate is Louisana, with 10.3 homicides per 100k - roughly equivalent to Haiti. My hometown has a homicide rate of 1 per 100k per year. Somewhere in the realm of 40% of the local population owns guns. And many of the homicides done here are done by outsiders - people who don't live here. A lot of people make the assumption that the US has very high homicide rates, but while this is true nationally, it isn't really accurate - the homicide rate varies immensely from location to location, and some locations are responsible for a huge fraction of overall murders. And even within those locations, different ethnic groups have very different experiences. For instance, the white homicide rate in the US is about 2.3 per 100k, which would be on the high end for a European country. The black homicide rate in the US is north of 30 per 100k, worse than Mexico. Blacks, only 13% of the population, are responsible for (and victims of) about 50% of homicides in the US in any given year. Guns actually play little role in it - if you graph homicide rates on a state-by-state basis, there's no relationship between gun ownership and homicide rates. Indeed, blacks own the fewest guns of any major population group (only 19% of blacks own guns), but commit the most homicides, while whites own the most (43% of whites own guns) and commit far, far fewer (only Asians commit homicide at a lower rate than whites in the US). The states with the lowest homicide rates - Vermont, New Hampshire, Maine, and Hawaii - have wildly variable gun ownership rates, with the first three having high rates of gun ownership, and Hawaii having the lowest in the country. &gt; How about the number of people that died? The number of people who died in the US in mass killings is vastly, vastly, vastly lower than 5%. The US mostly has mass shootings. Bombings kill far more people, and make up about 2/3rds of mass killings globally, but bombings in the US are actually pretty rare. For the record, the second and third worst mass killings in US history involved bombs. The worst, of course, involved box cutters. And planes.
Incidentally, I love this: &gt; Hydrastaic test is not necessary when: &gt; 1. The foetus is born before 180 days of gestation. &gt; 2. The foetus is a monster. "I'm sorry, it appears you've given birth to an orc." EDIT: FYI, in case you're wondering, "monster" is (or at least, was) an actual medical term for severely deformed babies.
Given that pretty much everything will probably be recorded in this future, the cases aren't going to hinge on very much supposition - we'll have the data on the incidents taken from the car's databanks. It will be very clear who is at fault in many cases. If the driverless cars are designed well, it is likely to be the fault of the pedestrian far more than it is the car. And given that the whole thing will likely be on video tape, with a recording of the car's performance, I have the feeling that these cases will often be dismissed or settled very early because they'll be clean-cut in a lot of cases.
People need to stop being awful people. That especially includes you. Yes, we rescued numerous Nazi scientists. This was a good thing; most of them weren't evil people. Do you know who Wenher von Braun is? He was a German scientist. He is also the reason that the US and Russia got into space. MKUltra was not run by a bunch of Nazi scientists; that is outright false. MKUltra was mostly run by Americans. It was also a legitimate program. People act like OMG IT WAS SO AWFUL but the reality is that people ran these tests for a reason - people didn't KNOW that mind control was impossible, they didn't know that truth serum wasn't real. They had to test it. Moreover, most of MKUltra was not unethical. Crazed conspiracy theorists have turned it into the ultimate bogeyman. Were some of the things they did unethical? Yes. Absolutely. But a lot of it was very reasonable. People grossly exaggerate shit because they love to sensationalize. Has the US done bad things? Yes. Has every other country done bad things? Yes. Have most countries done worse things than the US? Yes.
Why does it matter? Seriously, the purpose of these laws is to keep the children safe. It is not to make bad parents happy. You're acting like children are objects. They're people, and the government tries to protect them. Do you think that the government should leave them with families who are incapable of providing for their basic needs?
They're deliberately misleading you and trying to avoid you thinking about things rationally. Why are they being charged for their water? Well, because they're *using* the water (and yes, they are still using it, for showers and suchlike). You pay for what you use. If you're using water, why shouldn't you be paying for it? Indeed, the reality is - and this is the fun part - the reason why this whole thing is such a clusterfuck is because the people of Flint aren't willing to pay for their water. I'm serious here. Back in the 1970s, there were plans to fix Flint's water system. The people of Flint said no, because they didn't want to pay for it. SHOCK AND SURPRISE, 40 years later, shit has gotten so bad that now they *have* to fix it. How is them *not* paying for their water - which it costs money to fix - going to lead to them fixing the water system? *Where do you think this money comes from?* The people of Flint. This is yet another example of the people of Flint *trying to avoid paying for their damn water*. Once you see it in that context, it is VASTLY less sympathetic, isn't it? --- The reason why people get their children taken away is because their homes are not safe for children. Do you think that a home with toxic water in it is safe for children to live in? No. The purpose of these laws is to keep children safe. It is not to make excuses for shitty parents. If their parents are incapable of keeping their children safe, then they are taken away. The purpose of the law is to keep the children safe. Objectively, these parents are failing at it, by failing to provide a basic necessity like running water for their family. These people shouldn't have kids.
&gt; Um, no. The problem was caused by an unelected emergency manager appointed by the governor and not accountable to the citizens of Flint. He made a decision to save money in the short term by changing water sources and bypassing procedures to insure the water would be safe to drink. Lack of accountability is why the emergency manager is not in jail for poisoning Flint residents. This is actually bullshit. You're blaming the final link in the chain. Why was Flint put under emergency management? Because Flint couldn't run itself. Why couldn't Flint run itself? Because the people there weren't willing to pay taxes but kept demanding more services, resulting in the city going bankrupt. Why is Flint's water system so shit to begin with? Because the people of Flint were historically unwilling to pay to fix it in the past. In the 1970s, people said it needed to be fixed. Didn't happen. Today, it is a crisis, so it *must* be fixed. The reality is that the reason that Flint is a shithole is because of the people who live in Flint. The emergency manager isn't the root cause. The root cause is decades of mismangement by the city of Flint. Was the emergency manager responsible? Sure. But to blame it all on the emergency manager is wrong. The City of Flint is 100% to blame. If they hadn't been so wildly, moronically incompetent over decades and decades, they wouldn't have an emergency manager. They wouldn't have a shitty water system.
They should drown the entire population of Flint, Michigan while they're at it. The population of Flint is equally or even more at fault than they are.
There was actually a proposal some years ago for paid and government agents to intentionally go out and surreptitiously join conspiracy theorist groups to bring them down from the inside. It never actually happened, though, sadly.
No. Lying about your identity and qualifications has to be illegal. Otherwise, there would be no consequences for pretending to be a doctor/lawyer/engineer/qualified truck driver/scientist/not being a child molester/legal resident/ect. Reporters don't have any special rights. Everyone in the US is a journalist. It is the first amendment of the US Constitution. Journalists who want special rights are the scum of the Earth.
FYI, for those of you who are wondering: The people are not being arrested for producing the videos. Libel suits are civil matters, not criminal ones. The crimes they committed are, ironically: 1) Attempting to buy fetal body tissue. This is illegal. Also, tremendously ironic. 2) Fraud. They submitted fraudulent paperwork to the government in order to establish fraudulent shell companies to create their false identities. This involved lying on government forms (which is a crime), as well as mail fraud.
To be fair, if they're convicted of felonies, at least they lose their voting rights.
The thing about such technology is that if there are alternative ways of accomplishing the same thing, or if the tech is "obvious", it doesn't actually merit patent protection. If he is still losing, he may well not have a useful/worthwhile patent. In this case: A) He didn't invent caller ID. The inventor of caller ID was Theodore Paraskevakos, who invented it back in the 1960s. B) Kazuo Hashimoto built the first caller ID display device that could receive caller ID information in 1976. C) In 1977, a Brazilian inventor, Valdir Bravo Salinas, filed a patent application for a caller ID device at the Brazilian Patent and Trademarks Office (INPI). The patent was issued in 1982 as patent PI7704466 and is the first patent ever issued for a caller ID equipment in Brazil. Later in 1980 two other Brazilian inventors, João da Cunha Doya and Nélio José Nicolai, filed different patent applications for caller ID devices. Mr. Doya’s application was filed on May, 2nd, 1980 and issued as patent PI8003077. *Mr. Nicolai’s application was filed on July, 2nd,1980 and rejected for being a mere copy of Mr. Salinas’ invention, thus lacking novelty.* To put it bluntly, this guy didn't invent caller ID.
Actually, the Wrights' plane flew just fine, for a given definition of fine. They built gliders before they built their first plane, and their plane did, in fact, fly just fine. In fact, they flew 24 miles in their plane in 1905. Their first flights were just a few hundred meters in 1903. The first Wright Flyer did, in fact, take off under its own power. The reason that the Wrights got into the air first, incidentally, is because they built their own engines. Dumont's plane only took off in 1906 because the Antoinette engine became available that year.
This has nothing to do with GMOs, though. It is misleading to even talk about GMOs in this context. It has to do with farming practices. Soil exhaustion is not a new thing and is unrelated to GMOs. Organic farming can and has destroyed soil historically.
It is a terrible argument with no basis in reality. We already do this. Everything humans do is incredibly unnatural. Unnatural does not mean bad.
Yeah, because it is a scam. Organic produce is no better for you than any other form of produce, and is worse for the environment.
Actually, it is well proven at this point that the AMA actually decreased employment of persons with disabilities.
&gt; Even if you do try to pick out the "best genes," what's to stop the expression of those genes from having consequences beyond your knowledge? Uh, you test it before you put it into mass production. Duh. They spend years testing their GMO crops to find the best ones. It isn't like they just throw a new gene into a plant and then ship it out to farmers; significant R&amp;D is involved. You're acting like all scientists are drooling idiots. &gt; Who's to say that engineering resistance against one pest stopped the next from decimating your crop? What about the next drought? GMOs are no *more* vulnerable to these things than ordinary crops, so it is an utterly meaningless argument. Their baseline vulnerability will be the same as whatever the crop they were derived from, so it isn't going to be any worse.
The reason the emergency manager was appointed was because the people of Flint drove their city into bankruptcy. They kept electing inept, incompetent officials and kept refusing to pay taxes and pay for services. The net result was that Flint went bankrupt. The governor of the state (who was elected in part by them) appointed a city manager because the local government was no longer functional.
&gt; What you aren't getting is that genes create protein products that do not simply perform one function. First off, all the commercial GMOs we've produced have been about single gene products, because those are the simplest things to understand. More complicated interlocking sets of genes are presently not really being used in commercial GMOs to the best of my knowledge because (shock and surprise) they're complicated. Most of them are specific genes which do more or less one thing. And the fact that they're being taken often from pretty disparate organisms (like, say, bacteria) makes it much less likely they'll interact with other genes. Moreover, you're making the fundamentally flawed assumption that this is in some way significantly different to what happens when we cross existing breeds of plants; in fact, in reality, such crosses are much *less* reliable in their characteristics than GMOs are. So if we're worried about GMOs, we should be much MORE worried about standard crosses. Given that we've been doing standard crosses for millenia, I'm not that worried. &gt; Pests and pathogens are also living things (except viruses, but let's not get into that) and natural selection is acting on them as well. Maybe you can put a gene into your crop that makes it resistant against a certain virus, but that virus is going to be selected for the ones (if any) that can infect regardless of your gene. So then what? Just CRISPR in another? Sure, why not? &gt; Have you ever seen a signal transduction pathway? They aren't nice pretty diagrams where one gene product does one thing... Yes. I've taken developmental biology. &gt; If you're just introducing more and more genes, you're even more likely to have cross-talk between molecular pathways. The worst case scenario is that you're back where you started without the GMO. In which case, you've done no harm.
They're about 18.5 per 100k, versus 0.6 per 100k for abortions. So it is about 30x higher. That said, risk is variable; some people are much higher risk than others. Also, all abortions are done under the supervision of medical professionals.
I actually explained this previously. ELY5: We do not test plants for safety because they are safe. GMOs are the same as other plants. Why would we treat GMOs differently? ---- What part of that was hard for you to understand? We have never done longitudinal studies on every breed of potato, tomato, wheat, rice, ect. to determine it is safe. Why would we treat GMOs any differently? And yes, I do have a degree, thank you very much. I've even done some postgrad work, though I quit doing postgrad in order to get a job because I was tired of going to school. Your suggestion that GMOs are in some way dangerous is reliant on toxicology. Why else would they be dangerous?
No. No one will remember them. Benedict Arnold at least did something that mattered. They're just small-time criminals.
The ATF were shot at when they went to the compound. That's fact, not opinion.
TBH I think the reason they didn't do that is because they wanted to avoid them starting fires in the facility to keep warm. These people are idiots, you know they'd do it.
You know, this ironically means that if part of your plan is to murder one of the other participants, you wouldn't technically be guilty of felony murder under Oregon law. I hope someone makes that argument at some point. '#TheJokerWasInnocent'
Reminds me of a joke I heard once. If you want to keep your privacy, cut off all communications with the outside world and live in a shack in the middle of nowhere. And hope your brother-in-law doesn't recognize your manifesto.
In all fairness, the Unabomber was probably the ultimate terrorist. Most terrorists and criminals in general are stupid or stupid. Dealing with highly intelligent criminals who actually have thought about what they're doing is an absolute nightmare.
Was he going to rape her, or did she say he was going to rape her when he wasn't? There's a difference. This is a little-known fact, but a huge fraction of people who commit violent crime claim they were acting in self-defense. If she was acting in self-defense, then she should go free. But you have to prove that.
Not really, no. Criminals can't really generally afford it, and most criminals aren't really big on the whole "planning" thing. If you are in a confrontation with the police, you lose. Like, that always happens. The only way for criminals to win is to not get caught.
Actually, it is because the US is extremely wealthy relative to European countries. What we consider to be poor is above the median income of most of Eastern Europe. The median American male makes about $46k per year, and the median American household income is north of $50k per year. Note that isn't counting government assistance, which would actually move the median income upwards. Median means the middle income (i.e. the 50th percentile makes that). Americans are, to put it bluntly, rich as fuck compared to Europeans, other than the Swiss and Norwegians (and the people of Luxembourg, Lichtenstein, Monaco, and San Marino, but they're tiny micronations with very low populations).
The best thing to do is to avoid being in that situation in the first place. If you're in the situation where you need to defend yourself, you're already in deep shit.
The reality is that it doesn't actually work that way, though; there are federal sentencing guidelines which determine how long you'll actually spend in jail. Obviously getting hit with something with a long minimum sentence changes that equation, but most crimes lack those (or have ones which are shorter than the sentence you're likely to serve anyway). Many people are overly impressed by the possibility of serving 150 years or whatever, but in practice, adding together all the sentences is not likely to occur unless you do something really awful. Competent lawyers aren't terribly impressed by that sort of posturing, but if you're dumb and uneducated (as many criminals are), it can seem very intimidating.
The court shouldn't have exonerated him, because he clearly stalked Trayvon Martin home. There's no doubt that Trayvon Martin committed assault. The problem is that Zimmerman was a violent man who stalked someone home while fingering their gun, provoking a confrontation with them, and never "regained his innocence". If anyone had a stand their ground case, it would have been Martin, but given his actions of returning to confront Zimmerman, that's unlikely. The jury misunderstood self-defense. It isn't just about defending yourself.
Jury nullification is a *bad thing*. It is what the Southern states used to let lynchers free. It is a side effect of the jury system. It isn't a good thing. The correct thing to do is to amend the law.
FYI, in this case, the convicted felon would win on the basis of legal necessity. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Necessity Defending the life of another is one of the best necessity defenses there is.
So do you think that people should be able to lynch people freely? Because that's what jury nullification enables. Most lawyers will ask you a question like "If you believe that someone is guilty of a crime, would you ever find them not guilty for any reason?" If you answer "No" to that, but believe in jury nullification, you'd be committing perjury.
So you'd rather people who lynch people go free? Because that's what juries enable.
There isn't a mass shooting every month in the US, at least not in the sense you're thinking of. The US also has a population of 330 million, so is basically the equivalent of all of Northern and Western Europe put together. Many US cities have a greater population than the entire country of Denmark.
These jobs aren't being exported. H1B visas have people from other countries come live in the US. It is very different from exporting a job to China or India.
&gt; What do you think about stats like the "one in five women will be raped" being leveraged by feminists? Again, this depends on what you're defining as "rape"; as I noted above, different groups define rape differently. Some groups only define vaginal penetration as rape (which also means men can't be raped). Some consider rape to be any form of penetration of any oriface. Some only consider forcible rape. Ect. Some groups also have wrong-headed ideas about what constitutes rape, such as, for instance, the idea that intoxicated sex is intrinsically rape (it isn't - it is only rape if they are so intoxicated they aren't capable of meaningfully consenting to sex). Otherwise, you could end up with the (obviously insane) situation where two drunk people rape each other at the same time, or where something is or is not rape based on whether or not the "rapist" was drunk at the time. It is likely true that 20% (or more, even) of women become victims of *some* form of sex crime at least once in their lives (and probably a decent percentage of men as well, for that matter). But something like someone getting groped on a bus is very different from what most people are thinking of when they think of "sexual assault". And of course, even something like being groped can be very different depending on the situation; someone grabbing your ass on a crowded subway car is pretty different from the situation in Germany where a large crowd of men were groping at women as they passed through them, which was probably a deeply traumatic experience for many of them. It is really hard to know with any confidence whether or not these surveys can even tell us anything useful given that we don't really know how much social desirability bias is involved here. For instance, if you poll gun owners and ask them if they've prevented a crime from happening in the last year using a firearm, you get numbers indicating somewhere between 1.5-3 million crimes are prevented by gun owners every year. But the problem is, that number is wildly implausible against the background crime rate; it would suggest that as much as a third of crimes are being prevented by people with guns, which doesn't make sense given that many crimes happen while people aren't even present. The actual numbers are believed to be a tenth of what are reported in the surveys, or even less; some estimates put it as low as 50,000, which would be two orders of magnitude below what the surveys claim. On the other hand, a lot of victims are likely to be reluctant to admit to being victimized to a stranger over the telephone. So there is good reason to believe surveys might simultaneously underreport and overreport victimization. Again, we're trying to measure things which are totally unknown and unknowable here, and the numbers may be wildly different on both ends. That's not to say that they're totally worthless, but unless you know the questions they're asking, the methodology, and what their definitions of various words are, you don't really get useful data. And it is hard to know their "true" accuracy. The fact that we see such different numbers from different surveys suggests that the data may not be very reliable or comparable, but that doesn't necessarily mean we know in which direction it is unreliable. &gt; Resulting in shit like rape tribunals in colleges. These are very bad, but are less of a function of statistics and are more of a function of a violation of due process and a lack of understanding of the law. The reality is that these are extremely damaging both to rape victims and to people who are falsely accused of rape. Universities are ill-equipped to serve as law enforcement, and frankly, it isn't their job. People shouldn't be reporting rapes to the university. They should be reporting them to the police. Rapes are crimes, not academic violations, and rapists need to go to jail, not be suspended or expelled. Investigations should be done respecting the rights of the accused, with warrants, by police, not by people who work for the university (or worse, students) who have no understanding of how to properly go about conducting an investigation and little to no accountability. A rapist going free because his rights were violated during the investigation and all of the evidence becomes inadmissible in court is an unacceptable outcome, but is likely to happen in some of these cases - if they even get charged by the police at all.
I didn't mean you were "dangerous" in the sense of being a criminal. I simply meant you are more capable of killing people. &gt; We don't truly even enforce the laws already in place (e.g. Possession of a firearm by a felon) People go to jail for this all the time. I'm not exactly sure what you mean by that "not being enforced". &gt; Stripping me of a right that is just as important and necessary to defend our other bill of rights. It is what prevents me from addressing a threat at school or on public grounds. See, here's the problem: Guns don't do this. Guns don't protect our rights. If the government really wants to get you, owning a gun is going to do nothing to stop them. They can kill you from over the horizon line. They can kill you with drones. They have better equipment and training than you do, and outnumber you millions to one. I hear people cite the virtues of resistance and citing Afghanistan or Iraq. The only reason anyone in Afghanistan is still alive is because the US government doesn't want to kill everyone. Likewise, guns are very rarely useful in self defense. The idea that you're going to stop a mass shooting with a gun is wrong-headed. You're more likely to kill someone via negligence with a firearm than you are to kill someone in self defense as a civilian, statistically speaking. Stopping an event like a mass shooting - they happen only a few times a year, and the odds are, you won't be in the position to do anything to fix the situation. I don't have any problem with people owning guns. I own guns. But I do have problems with the power fantasies that gun manufacturers use to sell guns, because it gives people a misleading idea of how useful a gun is likely to be to them, and guns are dangerous, just as cars are dangerous. They can easily result in death or serious injury if misused. There's nothing wrong with possessing a gun for self-defense - it is your right as an American to do so. But under most circumstances, a gun isn't actually that useful for self-defense, because a lot of violence is sudden and proximate. The best strategy for self-defense is avoiding dangerous situations in the first place, because once things go pear-shaped, it is bad times no matter what happens. The only way a gun protects you is by putting a hole in someone before they put a hole in you.
I don't get why people think it was so horrifying to be honest; I've seen lots of accidents, it wasn't gory or anything, it was just an accident. "Welp, seven people died." Showing kids space program stuff isn't traumatizing. I saw all sorts of stuff like that as a kid.
There's already a legal remedy for this situation, namely a restraining order.
Involuntary commitment is distinct from being convicted of a crime.
Most of them are, though.
The problem with renewable energy is that most of it is what is known as an intermittent energy supply. You simply cannot rely 100% on solar and wind, and geothermal and hydroelectric power is insufficient for powering the world and is very geographically deterministic. There is really no plausible route to 100% clean renewable energy on Earth of which I am aware.
Well, given that he is doing something out of pure, sheer spite... How can you really feel sorry for him? I dunno. I mean, doesn't this kind of point towards them making a wise decision here? The sort of person who goes through this kind of elaborate revenge probably isn't the most stable of individuals.
What game is this?
&gt; The emissions from cattle farming are the single largest source of carbon. *ALL* agricultural and land use changes *put together* constitute only 24% of human carbon emissions. All livestock put together constitute only 14%. Cattle farming is not the "single largest source of carbon". It is the largest source within livestock, but that's 65% of 14%, or 9% of global emissions - far less than transportation (14%) and burning fossil fuels for heat and electricity (25%).
Armor is dependent on metallurgy and development of natural resources, which impacts not only the military but other things as well. If you're very good at making high-quality steel for armor, you're going to be able to make it for other needs as well. Military use often helps encourage or even drives civilian use due to technological development and availability.
Bernie is worse for jobs/the economy than Hillary. Why wouldn't he lose?
&gt; you're missing much of the point on your second argument... much of what's being discussed is that if we were in a simulation, we might be able to detect some of the corner-cutting techniques we use in video games... like the universe being discrete rather than continuous and containing infinitely granular detail... if a tree falls in the forest and no one is around to hear it, did the developers cull those resources to conserve memory? This has already been falsified; we have 7 billion people on the planet. We haven't observed any such optimization features, despite having an ever-increasing amount of observation of the the world and making very careful observations. &gt; it's not hard to immagine a well written simulation properly and discretely culling or loading resources without obvious artifacts Sure. But at that point we get back into the "non-falsifiable" portion of the argument. Even still, though, the resources required would still be enormous for a simulation of the complexity of Earth with 7+ billion people on it (not to mention the several orders of magnitude more other things around). &gt; as for ridiculous, the universe itself, in reality as we know it, is far more ridiculous than either of us can actually fathom Reality isn't actually ridiculous at all. Counterintuitive, perhaps, but not ridiculous. &gt; quantum mechanics seems pretty batshit insane, but decades of it providing more accurate predictions about shit we care about and not a single shred of evidence disproving it... Quantum mechanics makes sense. It is counterintuitive to laypeople, but once you understand it, it isn't actually all that strange. And indeed, once you actually understand things, it is actually intuitive; it was how it was figured out initially, after all. Moreover, there are copious amounts of evidence demonstrating quantum mechanics to be correct. This is the exact opposite of the simulation argument. &gt; as for computing power, yes there are some assumptions built in that the limits of human ingenuity are rarely as tapped out as the unimaginative imagine... someone trying to predect the future of computing in the vacuum tube age would have employed the same arguments... and we have a functional 5-qbit quantum computer already... whose to say it won't be 10 qbits in a few years, and 20 qbits shortly after, and so-on... whose to say there's not another transistor to our vacuum tube? The laws of physics. Quantum computers aren't nearly as useful as people think they are. They're useful for performing certain types of operations quickly, but for many conventional computing needs, they're not any better than ordinary computers, and can't be. People just stick "quantum" before stuff and act like it is magical. Quantum mechanics isn't magic, it is just something many people don't understand very well. Quantum computers are useful for calculating out quantum mechanical systems and breaking certain kinds of encryption. They're not terribly useful for adding 2 and 2 together.
You're right, I don't care. I have long since accepted that it isn't a big deal. &gt; Why do you want to forcibly invade my life? What gives you the right?? Everyone has the right to access public information. There's a huge amount of it out there. &gt; Third, you have the freedom to be as private or not-private as you like. That's the beauty of it all. So people can freely read about you fetishizing children's shows, but I get the option to choose a more private life. Unless someone chooses to write stuff about you or otherwise drill into things. The reality is, though, it isn't really a big deal. I think something a lot of people don't understand is that many people really don't have secrets to hide, they don't really care about these things. So when other people talk about their "privacy", they immediately wonder why they're so obsessed with it. And when the people start freaking out, they assume that they're probably hiding something. And honestly, they're probably right a great deal of the time. If someone is using a VPN, for instance, chances are good they're probably doing something illegal. If every IP in the world was associated with a unique individual (possible with IPv6), then people's ability to commit crime anonymously online would be severely damaged. If every street in the US was covered by 24/7 surveillance, then it would be very hard to get away with a lot of crimes. The reality is that the benefits to these things are quite large. But they also get rid of a lot of what people think of as privacy. Searches and seizures are only a small part of what is going on. I think that warrants are and should be legally necessary when searching through non-publicly accessible things. But that's only a small fraction of what is going on which is causing old ideas about privacy to fade.
How can you tell how many times a comment has been upvoted or downvoted?
Note that the 38,000 number is because 35,000 Verizon workers were on strike, making them unemployed (as they weren't working), lowering the overall figure by that much. It would have been 73,000 without them being on strike.
Yeah, the test requires some amount of effort, so scientists, by and large, haven't bothered. You'd probably need to get some sort of big research grant and some reason for doing the study to get funding for it, because, well, I'm not sure what you're going to do with the knowledge. It isn't like some company is going to come up with some new drug based on mirror recognition.
What the hell school did you go to? Every class I took at Vanderbilt, everything was metric. Heck, we used metric in high school science class.
The thing is, this study may not really involve any data manipulation at all, and yet still not say anything of value. Fat people are more likely to drink diet soda. Does diet soda cause obesity? No - but people who are fat are more likely to drink diet soda. This is the problem with what are known as *correlational* dietary studies - it doesn't tell you anything of real value. Fat people may be less likely to eat candy because they're "dieting". Or they may be less likely to eat it because candy is a terrible food to gorge on - any time I eat too much candy I end up feeling sick. If you're gorging on food, chances are you won't eat something that will make you feel sick from doing it. Meanwhile, someone who is of normal weight may eat candy like a normal human being. My parents always have candy in the house and aren't fat. The thing is, this is true of ALL dietary studies. Remember, the next time someone tells you that Extra Virgin Olive Oil or eating nuts causes you to lose weight, they're saying candy bars cause you to lose weight. It is *exactly* the same thing, and is caused by exactly the same effects. Don't ever trust any dietary study which isn't performed by taking two randomized groups of people and feeding them diets. Anything else is probably going to be garbage.
Wow, really? That sucks. Everywhere I've worked has worked exclusively in metricated units.
