Thank you fitoromparing yourself to sour cream, i love you
Lol yes. I use swype on my phone and it sometimes ridiculous to see how it switches up my context
I used to be black. But its not all that. So i became hispanic, now i make all the ladies panic
I hate telling people this, but it's just not that cool to be black anymore, I'm much happier being brown Source: Was black, decided to go back
Looks do godamn tasty. I'm getting Chinese tomorrow
This really depressed me. Damn. Poor Chimp
10/10 will not buy car until price goes down. That being said ive seen some pretty great termis going for around 15k or less here in Orange County and around Los Angeles
What do you have? How much is it pushin?
wha....what?
That sounds like a really good time for the both of you
Maybe itll even help you poop better after a while
Were here rooting for you!
Dom does
No, be proud. Use more weight, always use more wieght
No! you have to go HEAVIER!
That's awesome!!! In a year? so you will be employed in a year or you have been doing this for a year? That's really great though! I have this obsession with pretty websites and its making me want to code, I just need to find a starting base. If you don't mind me asking, how much is your pay now compared to other jobs/careers you've had?
Ive never laughed so hard in my life OMG I cant believe this is real
Thank you
Seriously, wtf, why isnt this being shown in my local theater!
Thanks! If youd like to add anything else keep going
you are me
Better than Pizza, titties, and videogames!
Care to share? I always love hearing about people who enjoy what they do! Share yours and ill share mine!
Weird is the right word. You actually getting it? How much?
That YouTube money's starting to come in. New apartment in less than 6 months
Yeah if i get it it wont be a car ill sell anytime soon! Not at all, I'm planning on keeping it until i cant drive anymore. I slept on the thought. And now I'm still thinking about buying it.
Honestly, this guy's stuff is pretty damn good
I actually ust started learning yesterday too, i mean i got pretty good at a short amount of time though and didnt alternate between feet, i just kept them together and jumped using my calves and butt and the front bottom part of my foot. Since im new i did this. Jumped 25 times until i felt like i got it right. then jumped to 50 in a row. then 100. then 150. then i went down from there and it took me about an hour or so, so say: warmed up with a typical stretch then 25 jumps with about 20 second rest in between, did this for about 10 minutes then jumped up to 50 jumps with again about a twenty second rest for about 15 minutes then jumped up to 100 jumps in a row with about 30 second rest for about 15 minutes then jumped to 150 jumps with 30 second rest inbetween each. did that for the rest of the time until iwas super tired so i did that for about 20-25 minutes then i cooled down by doing 100 twice, then 50 three times, then 25 four times each with their respected wait times. just do about an hour and jump when you can but make sure you jumpo everytime to where your calves hurt
How about i send you the craiglsit post? ill pm you and then ill pm the guys over at supra forums, i need to make this decision like today!
Toyota Supra Turb http://losangeles.craigslist.org/lac/cto/5038467635.html As much as it hurts to do this it's time to move on and sell one of my Supra's. I'll break down the history of the vehicle before going into full detail. I purchased this car from another supra member 3 years ago. The vehicle drives straight even w/ [...]
Are you past me?
I like seeing their lithe butts shake when they jump around
Reddit loves this guy!
Wat
Lol
Ive never seen such a monotone ad before. Wow.
Cool
This was so cool
2spooky4me
Eat
Wtf
Thanks this actually makes me feel a bit better. It was just such a bargain of a deal is all...
That was a new one! I fucking lost it at the taco part
Weird. Ive driven my fair share as well. Always thought that at high speed its always best to not brake so hard, first to let off for a bit then brake when you get down at lower speed, but again I have personally never taken any car past say 130mph...hmm the more you know thanks!
ha
coo
ew
yea
sex
yes
Yes lol
The benefits of concrete are better
Damn so id say roughly your subscribers = what you make/year
Holy shit that's a lot
Billionaire? I don't think so
Fixed!
23 here. living at home
Literally this is what it is
so...dip on dip?
It really is pretty good
Cute dog*
This bothered me as well
Same. If youre not going to track it no need for bigger brakes, at least not on the fly.
Agreed. But if you're planning to have a lot of power on the streets and not track it, then Im going to assume and give everyone the benefit of the doubt and say youre not going to be going amywhere over 150mph. Although lets be honest here. Its just about being responsible. Chances are if you go to the track youre already a much better driver than 90% of the people out here and bigger or better brakes will compliment you. Regular brakes will do just fine especially for someone who knows their car.
this makes me sad
Honestly, the toyota Supra. NSX and te GTR. around 15 years old for the tri and of they came out today they would still be one of the best looking cars on the road. And plenty powerful too. Honestly because of the way these cars were built i can easily seet hem lasting longer than cars today. all three have really strong motors. Super reliable.
Do you do the late night blinking thing to keep your eyes watery? My friends know its about 8pm at night when i start blinking vigorously. They all say "Oh hey guys hes at it again! Its about 8 o'clock right now"
God having to remove dry contacts that are pretty damn stuck on your eyeball has to be one of the worst feelings ever
Omg. dont say that.
AGH! THIS! Was actually kayaking this past saturday and our kayak flipped, first thing before i remembered that i shouldt breathe underwater is to not open my eyes. It was horrible. Kayaking was fun though, saw a bunch of seals with their babies, cute little guys
I cant wait until i have my first turbo car for that sound!!! I was smiling o BIG for these guys!!!! Im so happy for them!
Really? Damn, them mark ups! I myself am looking at red gtrs.
Oh wow congratulations on the kid! Thats gonna be a lot of fun! Slight advice, their might be a chance your child might have trouble sleeping at night, why not work on thr game at night and take care of her/him while you're working on it?
This should be the face of the Internet
Time to get shwifty
Holy shit yeah! Lol
No. The sped up one is fake. This isnt.
This vid honestly sucks pretty bad. You can't even see the acceleration well at all. If you wouldn't of said it in the title the car looks like it accelerated like any normal c63.
Thank you so much
Wanna coach me? Lol
Any chance you would know the size/would be able to tell us what city/country/state it is?
Thats not a good way to think. Id much rather spend on a nice car than a huge house. Some people dont need mansions. Theyre fine living in average sized homes. That way theyre both not a target and they seem normal but secretly have huge numbers in their bank account. Thats my plan at least. Live in a nice small house. Have nice cars and travel.
Electronics*
Oh I'm sure he does
I think we just became bestfriends
I shouldn't be laughing at that last part. But that is some damn bad parenting right there
YUP!
Lol nice, i see him posting schassis stuff all the time
You won't. Ive tried plenty of times. Unless you're in the rain.
That's when people are pushing their cars on the highway or streets. If you're driving normal wvery car feels the same. Huge difference in a 1 liter 4 cylinder and a v8 if you step on the gas. My post isnt misleading, im jusy stating if you're gong to be driving normally every car feels the same. And im right. A sensable 60 mph in a car, van, truck, sport coupe, sedan...etc will feel the same. Its when you start stepping on it and pushing your car that will change eveything.
So did i, i once turned a little too hard on a green light while it was raining and i hydroplaned through the curb, jumped it, and hit a fence and broke my rim. If i wasnt driving wreckless nothing would've happened though. I intentionally wanted my car to slide. I dun goofed pretty hard that day
It is, 3.8 liters dont have enough power.
It will keep getting better
Yeah, ill just wait for the Vive
Holy shit fuck that
Seriously i was so excited. But for 599 US dollars? Yeah nope. And you still need to pay for shipping AND a computer than can run it. Its a sad day for Oculus. Although i am excited to see Oculus' AMA later today. Its gonna be a fucking frenzy
Im going to ask him if he feels bad about all those lives they lost on todays hypetrain
Thats actually a good idea. Even vipers and c7's and gtrs are relatively inexpensive to own so i think that would be top tier for sure. But i like the idea of giving someone their dream car. Say an fd rx7 or an old supra, older gtrs or things like that. Would be nice to have that you know.
Doing it for people in meed would be great, but doing it for car enthusiasts imo wpuld be more successful. People like to give. But when you can get something out of it, people like that more.
I guess what essentially what it would be. Is the reddit millionaire thing working out?
