Are you saying people see "Obama" and don't like it just for that title or that people see "affordable" and like it just for that title?
It's very difficult to answer that question. And I'll explain to you why that is. The GOP/Republicans/conservatives believe in a economic and societal system that they believe with benefit everyone, in the long run. But when you have the opposing side Democrats/liberals that are more likely to give out things now in hopes of fixing things (true difference of opinions lies on this effectiveness), it only makes sense it will entice people and thus very hard to take someone away from such a position. I personally don't consider myself GOP, but I lean conservative. So it's really hard for me to answer anymore deeply than that, but I'll add this as I want viewpoints on this. Let me explain one position I have that everyone hates, but I think it shows a long term benefit at the expense or removing something people currently love. Social Security. Benefits of Removal: - Increased income (6.2% and up to a potential of 6.2% more (12th.4% total) from employer as that is actually part of what you cost your employer.) And what do many poor people as well as middle class Americans "lose" a lot of their money? In loan interest. If a person had an extra 6.2+% in income it would help to reduce the amount of money they are throwing away into interest. Therefore it should save these people even more money. - Increased employment. That 6.2% cost to your employer means every employee cost them 6.2% more than what society is actually benefiting from. Less cost, could mean less unemployment. Or cheaper prices. Or if you believe this type of economic behavior won't happen, the money could be put toward something else, like universal health care. - Point, not benefit - Life expectancy. The life expectancy is shorter for those that are poor. A system that requires you to be 65 years old before you can benefit from it dispoportional hurts the poor. And if a person dies, these benefits are not passed on to family members. It's Regressive unless you can live long enough until it's not.
Include /r/politics in there too, and I completely agree.
"Playing the stock market" has benefit for more than just the individual. It is the purchase of stocks. Which a company sells to gain more income that they can use to invest in a multitude of things. When a company can show value by being successful, and people buy stocks to ride that success (while also helping the company), they can then raise stock prices. The investor can then pay more for often a less risky investment or pay less for a less known/starter business that they see future success in. Since capital gains is already at 23.8% for those making over $400,000 I would easily get behind setting it at 28% for 2 million plus.
A religious person will give you reasons (a sense of purpose, a desire of belonging, etc.), but those reasons won't resonant with the non-religious that don't accept them as "rational" reasons.
Why is a simple belief in God so stupid to you? What justification do you have against a spiritual figure that create the world and watches over us? You need justification or by your own logic you are stupid. And don't convolute my question of "God's existence" with the written word of the Bible or the actions of religious people. The "Bing bang" could be God's doing. Evolution could be God's doing. The bible could be just stories. Etc.. You say believing in God is unjustified, you tell me how the belief in not a God is? And yes, not believing in something is still having a belief that something is true (in this case that God doesn't exist).
He only pointed out things he thought made Rand Paul crazy with no explanation himself except shitty articles. And I'm not dismissing his points because they are opinions. I even addressed many of his points, so I have no idea how you think that's dismissive. I was just saying that many of these things are simply opinion on one side of the other. You can disagree with it, but many of them don't make a person "crazy". What are the "people being treated like shit" and "evil actions" you think Rand supports?
No it isn't. I think you'd be surprised on how many people are against mandatory vaccines. What system?, the one we have now where they aren't mandatory? The MASSIVE CONSENSUS is that the CO2 we produce effects the climate. Which Rand agrees with. What is the consensus on how much?
Would mind explaining what you find so wrong with him and the nation? I'm here for discussion.
Fuck I just told you if you wanted to give me some of your more important points I would address them while providing more detail and try to provide sources. I'm not going to comment on 20 things in a single post on my phone. What specific issues from that list would you like me to address? (and yes I'll hit everyone if you want, but I figured some are more important to you than others so I could save myself some time by not going into an issue you agree with me on or don't care about).
I can accept reasons. I can't accept plain opinions. In politics, if you have an opinion you should be able to explain WHY you have that opinion. That's what I'd like to know from you and what I wanted to share with you. But you seem to refuse to want to go into detail about these issues. I'm sorry I actually like to understand WHY you believe what you believe by explaining to you what I believe and why. That leaves it open for you to say "I disagree, I think this will actually do this" or "I hold this belief because this". Many positions are going to be idelogically different, so I understand that we will disagree even with understanding one another. By that's not an excuse to not discuss.
I'm sorry, but can someone tell me why you all are SO opposed to a 20-week ban on abortion (with no exception for rape on incest)? I mean, do you support it being legal that a woman can have an abortion the day before she is due to deliver? If yes, i guess I understand the principle behind your belief, but it still sounds bad to me. If no, where is your line and why isn't it at 20-weeks? (I support exceptions for health concerns, so please don't use that as reasoning)
As a conservative that enjoys bicycling, this upsets me. The proposed $25 tax on bicycles is acceptable to me. There is a gas tax to fund road maintenance for vehicles. Having a tax to fund the creation of bicycles lanes that bicycles use, seems fine to me. BUT to do this at the same time you are lowering funding for this maintenance/creation seems a bit dickish.
Of course they do. Do Democrats not understand that part of the of fear from Republicans of passing Obamacare in the first place was that it would be nearly impossible to get rid of? I'm sorry that I find that the government requiring their citizens to purchase something from a private company should not be allowed. But hey, let's continue the corrupt relationship between corporations and government.
&gt; For every taxpayer dollar spent on the University of Wisconsin-Madison, the university generates $24 for the state economy, according to a new consultant's report. Please explain to me how this is in anyway a statistic worth anything. So for every dollar increase we should see a $24 return? No, one can not assume that and it would be stupid to. What about for every dollar *decrease*? One can't assume we would lose the return in that instance either. Or do we, and just throw out logic?
It's CAPPED at $250M.
Thanks for the response especially as my original comment was a bit snarky. But let me rephrase my question, with some added questions. It seems you are using that statistic as a reason against decreasing funds to the UW-system. First off, are the hospitals and clinics you mentioned part of this fund? Or are they funded directly by the UW schools that would see decreases? (I'm having trouble understanding all the numbers.) Do we know how much UW-Madison will be specifically losing? I apologize for how I worded my original question. I would love if you could really help me in understanding this. Do you see decreases in education, as always a bad thing? Do you not think there is any waste in faculty postions or salaries? Or do you think money will just be shuffled around poorly even if we did this? I can see the positives universities can bring. Especially ones with such great research facilities (UW-Madison). But I don't believe more money (or in this case, less money) always requires there be changes in performance. It could just change effiency. I mean isn't there a multitude of studies that have said that our continued increase in educational spending haven't really done anything to improve education? And it's not just conservative sources saying this. I guess there are many other factors and such at play, but that's also the part of the reason why I have a hard time grasping the whole idea.
Fine, I can jump back into my condescending tone too. First off, your first link shows absolutely nothing about funding cuts. The graph doesn't mean that lower state revenue leads to higher tuition. I know enough about "math" to be able to comprehend a fucking statistical graph. The only thing that graph shows is that tuition revenue has increased at a faster rate than revenue from the state. (or its decreased at a slower rate than state revenue, but we know thats not the case). We would need either the actual numbers from those two points in time of either tution revenue or state revenue and then we could find out the other. But since we currently don't know either, the graph is fucking pointless to your point. Your inclusion of this graph puts doubt in my mind that you have any idea of what you are talking about. But I'll proceed. Your second link, I will need to time to look over. It is quite lengthy. &gt; Not the fact that the university system provides current research and benefits the economy as was explained at length? I expressed my agreement with you that there are benefits universities provide in my previous reply. I'm simply asking if a decrease in funding with reduce that benefit at a worse return. &gt; I can't put credence in some claim of a "multitude" of studies for which historically no data actually exists. There are tons of studies that show throwing money at education, doesn't correlate to a higher educational benefit. Many come from liberal sources, if you doubt a bias. I'm not saying there aren't other studies saying the opposite, but it makes me question what is truth. You seem to think you know what is truth, so I was hoping for a better explanation from you while providing some evidence. &gt; Is it really too hard to look at history and economics and math - at how hard this is making it for students? At how they go into life at a disadvantage without a job? Is it really too hard to look at history and economics and math and realize that subsidizing shit only increases prices? Thanks to the fucking student loan shit we gone through, tuition costs are through the roof. Increasing the perceived money supply, will raise costs. I'm sorry our government is incompetent. And again, I'm not saying any thing bad about the benefits of college. I'm asking if we can reduce some of the waste that fills the universities. You seem to think there is none. I disagree. &gt; I really don't believe it. Do you need to have the math explained? Or what happens to the individual student? What math? The state funding cuts come with a 2 year tuition freeze. That won't last, but it's an incentive to find cuts elsewhere in the meantime. &gt; Or the detriment to the State of Wisconsin or any other state? You're still just spreading fear about what will happen with nothing to back it up. I asked a question in hopes you would educate me, but you've been unable to do that. (possibly in lengthy link?) &gt; I'm not trying to be funny. We know that Scott Walker is trying to kill the university and I'm not about to play some "game" over it. Again, just bs talk. And again, your inability to comprehend that simple graph, shows that you have no idea what you are talking about.
It's the SHARE of funding by source. Notice how it equals 100% at both points in time. Lets say we just increased tution funding (income). The percentage for tution would increase and the percentage for state funding would decrease. WITH NO ACTUAL DECREASE IN THE AMOUNT OF STATE FUNDING. &gt; **Game Over** Seriously how old are you?
What math? There are no numbers included to do any math. My whole point was this diagram is stupid to use for your point. I started out asking you to EDUCATE me on this subject after I was a bit snarky in my first reply. Then you went on saying how this diagram is still good and expressed your opinion of further things. If you want to provide me with actual numbers, I'll try to learn from them. But you continue to just talk, expressed in your other reply to my previous comment which I'm just acknowledging in this comment instead of making a separate reply. And you seem to not factor in that those highly prestigious colleges that have more state funding also have some of the highest tution costs. Maybe not a a share of revenue, but overall cost. Which I'm much more concerned about than the ratio.
&gt; Good idea. Do you realize that for every $1 in state spending on U. Wisconsin, the state gets many times (more than 5 times) that back in economic value? Time to change for the good of the nation. No more "ideological" policy instead of solid economic policy, huh? Stop presenting statistics that have an agenda. Does this means that we can increase state spending by $1 trillion and it will make $5 trillion back in economic value? No, so it's a bs statistic to say it that way. Its presented that way to only make people thing spending is good, but it doesn't actually say anything about why or how or anything that's actually informative.
&gt; Find whatever flaws you want in them. Presenting an impossible edge case doesn't disprove what they say. I never said they were false or that we should ignore it. But that the PRESENTATION of the numbers makes people believe "more money = better outcome" But that isn't necessarily true. That's my point. We don't know what an increase would do and we don't know what a decrease would do as that statement doesn't actually provide that. It only explains what the current numbers are. But instead of saying "this much funding, this much benefit" it's presented as "this much funding will have this much benefit". So it's not a fair presentation of the data. &gt; While I could, at a more detailed level, using news articles, it is simple to show that when state budgets are cut, the choice has been to raise tuition which means it isn't "correlation" but "causation" I would rather emphasize a more mathematical and logical way of learning about it. I'll agree with you that it has been the trend. But it doesn't demand it. Its only the case because colleges are dealing with inelastic demand, so no shit that they will just increase prices when they are hit with lower revenue. But they could instead of raising prices, reduce costs. They current market doesn't favor this. BUT that is the reason why the Wisconsin state funding cut came with a tuition freeze. This forcing the colleges to actually make cuts else where. Will they still raise tuition after the freeze is over? Of course. They would have done that anyway. We need to work at reducing tuition. We also need to reduce the waste in colleges. The amount of money spent on faculty is outrageously high. You seem to think otherwise. That seems to be why we differ so widely on this. &gt; My "agenda" is simply to present straight forward facts and there is no "agenda" contained within the facts. Or the math or the statistics which are simple and straight forward. They are simply called evidence. If you can deal with the evidence fine. If you can't fine. If you've every studied statistics, you should know that they can be used to pretty much say anything. They mislead the public all the time with how they are presented. &gt; The "infinity" edge case. Not playing. Stop ignoring it. Its purpose is to ask you to JUSTIFY the funding. Not that current funding is doing well, but to EXPLAIN WHY an increase in funding will provide benefit and why that benefit doesn't (or does) continue with the increase in funding. What is the point of diminishing return? Are we at it currently, so funding shouldn't be increased? If not, WHY NOT? Are we already past it? We're we making $30 in benefit for every $1 instead of $24 when state funding was even lower? If not, WHY NOT (provide historical numbers that actualot back this up)? &gt; UW-Madison, UW Hospitals and Clinics and the university's affiliated organizations and startup companies together support 193,310 Wisconsin jobs and generate more than $847.5 million in state and local tax revenue, according to the new report. That's up from 128,146 jobs and $614 million in tax revenue the last time a similar study was done by the same consultant in 2011. This is missing your biggest variable. What was the AMOUNT OF STATE FUNDING at each of these points? You are saying more state funding provides these benefits. So why would you exclude what the amount of state funding was?
&gt; Population size wouldn't matter after all a larger population size means a larger tax base as well as a larger patient base, in theory they would balance out with the right taxation system. Well it would rely on if the outcomes of revenue from the tax payer and the costs of the hospital care would remain a constant ratio. So in theory you are right, but I don't really see it playing out that way for America. &gt; As far as health habits go, in the US we go to the doctors less because of costs so if that keeps up under single payer it would actually be cheaper. First, I don't see that remaining constant. Second, that doesn't really address my point. Our health habits (obesity, etc.) lead to more money being needed to be spent on health care. Even if we visit less, the procedures and care done cost more. But these were just small points of what I was discussing. And they were meant as things we need to consider, not necessarily things against any system.
HOW? In what way? This is where disagreements come. Can we stop circlejerking around the same statements and actually discuss WHAT specifically we want the new rules to be?
I still don't agree that he is wrong. It doesn't matter what "other first world countries" say. It matters what our Constitution says. And the "rights" that is gave us are not dependent on other people. They are "rights" that are protected, that say the government can not take away those rights. We are in a sense "born" with these rights. I understand how other people can have different definitions of the word right. But according to our Constitution as it is currently laid out, it doesn't seem to lend to the idea that health care is a right. And as Rand is a bit of a liberty/constitution freak, it's not at all opposed to his ideals. So I don't think you can say he is objectively wrong on this.
Please see my reply to the person that listed the SAME EXACT TWO POINTS that you brought up.
Sure, what you explain is what happens. When people become doctors they take their "Hippocratic oath" and they should understand that they are there to help people, not be concerned over losing money for the hospital as a whole. If such an institution started not obeying that "oath" then we could guess they wouldn't be around much longer. Rand's point is that it is still not a right. I don't think denying someone health care is denying their right to life (or anything else). Your right to life means that you have a right to live, such as to not be thrown into slavery or to be killed. This is a very ideological debate and I understand if people disagree with Rand or I on this. I just think rights are very personal things. And when you start relying on other people to fulfill them, they really aren't rights anymore. Should we strive to give health care to everyone that needs it? Of course. Does it need to be mandated or paid for by everyone except yourself to reach that end? I don't think it needs to be.
The ACA brought some nice things, but it also brings some bad, plus I think it's unconstitutional (the government/corporation tie). I have to admit I don't know much about foreign health care systems. Are their citizens required by law to have insurance? That would be the main reason why they have less uninsured. Can you share with me what the comparison numbers are? The mountains of debt problem is a health care cost problem. There are many things the government has done that has RAISED those costs. - Regulations (of course some are needed, but are all?) - Employer paid health care (this was actually the choice of businesses, BUT it was only done because the government set limits on what they could pay their employees) - this creates an artificial higher amount of disposable income, this leads to hospitals raising prices. - Demand-sided subsidies (ACA subsidies and when people can't pay the government pays instead) - Again, more money in the system then there actually is, allows for increased prices. There are many other ways to address these in a more free market approach. I'll just add that I support a free market when it comes to preventive care and a single payer system (basically insurance, but cheaper because no middle man) when it comes to curative care. Unlike Rand, I'm not against the government collecting the insurance money instead of insurance companies and paying it out. But there are things we need to be concerned about and many other ideas to consider.
Thanks for the reply. I'll have to take a look at the info you provided.
You're right. It certainly wasn't meant to be condescending (more a "please listen to my explanation of why I disagree"), but I understand how it could be taken negatively. There's not really any good way to disagree with someone (as anyone can take opposition negatively), especially replying to a perceived sarcastical comment.
Change the voting system. My preference would be Range Voting. (Rating candidate on a scale (not ranking)) But people will still want to be in their own group, that's just natural. It would be a slow transition from the two big parties to anything different. But a change of the voting system would help.
True. But I believe such a system could actually be agreed upon by our current government. And with the other changes we should see lower prices for preventive care. PLUS, Our current system still requires payments for ALL care (including preventive care) until you reach a certain dollar amount. That is basically what deductibles are meant to do, have the individual pay for preventive care. You don't start getting insurance until you spend a certain amount. This is still true under the ACA. So I'm not so much as "insisting people pay for preventive care", its just remains the same but with the benefit of lower prices. And this way, you get insurance (for the risk that curative care covers) at ANY time. You don't need to reach premium levels before you receive it. (the possible pitfall is if people use more preventive care than their current premium, but that doesn't really happen and it's priced to not make that happen). I'm removing the deductibles. You pay for what you use (again, at lower prices than they are now). And the premiums turn into taxes.
I prefer my own idea. Which I think has at least potential to get bipartisan support. Separate preventive care and curative care. Preventive care would be paid by the individual. Much like they are now because of deductibles. But instead of being REQUIRED to spend your deductible amount before you can receive actual insurance, you would get it at ANY time you need curative care. And the prices for preventive care would drop with other implementations to make hospitals COMPETE on prices. They didn't need to when preventive was tied with curative because an individual can't stop amount on price to fix something in an emergency, something covered under curative care. But we can shop around for preventive care services. Other things added such as requiring them to be up front with prices will add to the competiveness of the market. And curative care is what insurance is about. Insurance is meant to cover risk. There isn't any risk in preventive care. This curative care would be covered under a single payer system. Instead of individuals paying premiums, we pay taxes. There are many wrongs in the ACA. I don't believe that it's "the best we can do". It requires payment to private businesses. (something that should have been deemed illegal). It gave demand-sided subsidies. The purpose of doing that is to stimulate demand, so it was idiotic to implement it with health care as demand is already huge. It only has lead to higher prices.
What position of mine are you even arguing about? I'm getting the feeling I'm getting attacked for positions I don't even hold. Health Care - I support single payer for curative care, free makret/competition for preventive care. Get rid of deductibles, will help those with less money. Premiums are now taxes. &gt; Where as you only measure your cost against the poor while the vast middle class has become poor with regard to education. The 12.4% increase in income would help EVERYONE. I don't understand what you are trying to point out. &gt; No middle class student can afford it. They either go without and don't get a good job. Or they pay for it and go into debt. And that's why we need to continue to try and lower tuition and increase the amount of jobs available in our society. Again, are you trying to argue something? &gt; Why are those the only choices? And why does Grannie have to die in the street to change that? Granny doesn't have to die. Can you not comprehend what having more money when you are young can do to your lifetime income? You are just using rhetoric now. &gt; &gt;I don't care about that metric &gt; I do. And you said you did earlier before Grannie got blasted. No. I don't care about the metric of what PERCENTAGE of revenue comes from students and what percentage comes from state funding. I care about the ACTUAL amounts they pay. Do you not realise simply by increasing state funding you would get a lower percentage that Students are paying, BUT IT DOES NOTHING TO ACTUAL REDUCE THE COST TO THE STUDENT? That's why the metric is stupid by itself. It's used as rhetoric.
&gt; Nope. First, you're measuring that against people who never get out of the bracket. Second, it pays back. It's a regressive system until it's not. I didn't refute that. I just think it's cruel for the government to collect this tax and if you die at 60 years old go "welp, too bad for you, thanks for the free income though". I'd rather see people paying less loan interest and KEEPING their money instead of handing it off to other people when there is no guarantee you will get it back. &gt; Walker is destroying research education in Wisconsin even though it pays back at something better than 20 to 1. ANOTHER rhetoric statistical point that means nothing by itself. It is only a measure of CURRENT return. It doesn't say that increasing state revenue by $1 mil will increase economic benefit by $20 mil. And it also doesn't say decreasing state revenue by $1 mil will decrease benefit by $20 mil. Evidence of state funding decreasing actually contributing to even less economic return that the saved costs, would need to be provided. We can't ignore that there is certainly an amount of FIXED return in there. It isn't all variable. &gt; It's foolish not to care. No it isn't. I'm not going to waste my time on statistical rhetoric. I'd rather focus on the PROBLEM of COST not RATIO. &gt; It certainly would. Why would you think otherwise? YOU TELL ME HOW? Tell me how increasing state funding WILL reduce student tuition costs. What makes you think that universities will reduce tuition costs just because they got some extra revenue? They operate in a market with huge demand. There is no REASON for them to want to start reducing tuition. Please provide me with why they would.
&gt; It's never not. The whole system is regressive not counting social security. I thought we were talking about social security? At least that's what I was talking about. &gt; You'll see just how "rhetorical" that is... I see. Yes numbers that actually mean something. What are you arguing here? The rhetoric part is stating the ratio is a problem. &gt; In the mean time, there is a direct monetary inverse ratio between rising tuition and falling state funding. If you direct me to that one bs graph that shows the percentages of revenue of universities comparing state funding and tuition, I'm done trying to discuss logic with you. If you increase one, the PERCENTAGE of other will decrease. That's obvious. But that doesn't mean one CAUSES an ACTUAL change in the AMOUNT of the other. &gt; And the university says they'll either have to cut staff (some of who bring in research dollars from out of state) or they'll have to raise tuition. Article after article reads that way. So it's not just correlation either. Oh, the heads of the universities saying things to make people not want to support cutting funds, how surprising. We are going to disagree. I understand how there is very often waste in public businesses/universities. So a decrease in funding can just be to get rid of that waste. And factor in situations like Wisconsin where Walker would implement a TUITION FREEZE to make it so they couldn't just raise tuition, and you point isn't valid. But anyway, my point was that universities don't have an incentive to DECREASE tuition. They will always have incentive to increase it. But again if you want to provide me with evidence that education funding cuts HAVE decrease economic revenue/benefit, go ahead. The 20to1 doesn't do anything of that sort. It only uses current data. So yes, again, a useless statistic to your point.
Go back to /r/politics if you aren't going to be open to different viewpoints and instead want to continue to mischaracterize the opposition. Your sarcastical statement isn't going to get approval hera.
But Walker didn't say that scores went up, he said the ranking went up. They are (or should be) rating the factuality of his statement. So it's disingenious to use that to say it's a mostly false statement of something he didn't even say. Misleading? Sure. Not totally correct because we don't know if it was because of Act 10? Sure. But how can they rule what he said "Mostly False" when nothing he said can be proven false?
I'm not saying I support Scott Walkers statement. I'm saying PolitiFact is biased and therefore disingenious to what one would perceive to be an unbiased source on the FACTS surrounding politics. So to use your own example, they used the same "truthiness". I'm just calling out the other side of the BS as I know the BS from the other side will be called out here in /r/politics. It should have received a "Mostly True" rating while calling him out about implication. This is what is done with liberal statements of PolitiFact. If you follow their ratings at all, you'd see this is quite common.
&gt; If you have to use the word "technically" in your explanation, then you know it's BS. Possibly BS, but not False. That's my point. Nothing he said was false. How can you go around saying what Walker said is false? But fine. Lets ignore the partisan talk to see if I can drive the point across. A site like PolitiFact that doesn't just list the facts, but presents an OPINION at the end by placing what a political figure said into 6? categories is going to result in bias. It no longer is just about facts. There is too much INTERPRETATION at that point. And therefore will result in bias. The whole premise that they can PICK AND CHOOSE what "facts" are checked means they can deliver any message they want to. Such an example is the Sumpreme Court Justices. You'd think a group of 9 people that are suppose to rule on the constitutionality of a law should be able to agree 100% as the constitution is a firm document (facts). But no, they all have there different interpretations and bias that result in different votes. You can argue against there being a bias (favoring one side over the other), but there is no logical way you can say they are not disingenious. It's built into the way they operate. They may think they are being "honest", but what they are really doing is building up a false appearance of being honest. Their RATINGS can easily be biased. I've seen ratings of "mostly true" statements that that are literally false. I've seen jokes labeled as "false" (no shit). The ratings are not a factual statment. They make it seem they are. They are disingenious. **But let's get back to Walker. This statement followed his statement of "A lot of protesters at the time claimed that public education was going to fail". He then went onto to say the "proof is in the pudding". His proof is that we aren't failing. And the numbers (the pudding) back that up. He never once said "Act 10 is Improving education". LOOK AT THE QUOTE at the top. PolitiFact is a piece of shit. Look at where the quotation marks are. He NEVER said "Thanks to Act 10...". That is all the websites doing. They are disingenious and pieces of shit for it.**
This is what I get from the above speech. .People thought Act 10 would be a failure. .Listing some Act 10 changes. .Implies Act 10 is not a failure by providing improvements as proof. Even if you want to assume that Walker meant that Act 10 caused those improvements, you can't prove they didn't. PolitiFact even says that themselves. So how do they conclude "mostly false"?
If you want to make points in support of gay marriage and/or have a pro-life stand that's fine as there are many reasons to have those believes. But to call out those that oppose those two things as "opposed to freedom for women and gays" shows you are so close minded that you are coming across as a bigot. Let me explain what the other side sees. First, let me say I support gay marriage and abortion up to 20-24 weeks (viability), with exception for health after that. The 20 week ban is perfectly in line with Roe vs. Wade. Onto the other side. Gay Marriage. Rand believes Marriage is a religious bond. This doesn't do anything for me even though I'm religious. I think God can tell the difference between state marriages and religious marriages. So I can assume we agree on this part. He also thinks that according to the constitution, Marriage is to be left up to the states. Now I've been looking at the constitutionality of gay marriage for quite awhile now and I don't know how the Supreme Court should rule. I have yet to hear a convincing argument that says the Supreme Court can make states provide marriage to gay couples. I'm not saying that we shouldn't move to an amendment of some sort, but currently, what from the constitution makes the case for Federal gay marriage? I would appreciate if you could make your case for me. Rand also would rather have government get out of marriage all together and instead replace it with civil unions for all, including gays. But since that's not a feasible outcome, Rand does need to provide more for the current situation. Abortion. When does life begin? Is it the freedom of the woman to have an abortion at 8 months 29 days? Your definition says yes. It is the choice of the woman after all. Most people, even those that are "pro-choice" would disagree. Rand has been a little all over the place on this issue. So I'm not going to try and pin point his beliefs. But would you like to define yours a bit more?
I'd rather we just eliminate it. History. It was a completely different system back then and was used as a recovery tool after the Great Depression. Tax rates were lower. Payouts were higher. Many more people paying into it than were benefiting from it. More Income. Imagine a 12.4% increase in your income (slightly less because of taxes). That could help pay for things that require money now for a better return in the future. This includes education as well as less potential loan interest (which is just wasting money). And these things can lead to even more money being made, HELPING the poor and middle class. Age. The poor have a lower life expectancy in average. Social Security is a regressive system unless you live long enough to make it progressive. If you die before retirement, all that money you "invested/saved up" goes to waste. None of it goes to your family. It's a system where the government takes 12.4% of your income, with the assumption that you will receive benefits if you live to retirement age. There is risk involved in that, but a risk apparently people seem to ignore and certainly isn't factored into any decision making because there is no decision to be made in a mandatory system. Government. They are not required to pay anything out, the law specifically says this. They are allowed to change it in anyway they want, it is simply a tax in the eyes of the law. Why is a system that requires constant increases in age requirements, tax rates, and payment limits to be sustainable something we should rely on?
&gt; But also the fact that this would raise taxes on the middle class by up to $630 a year. How? Because of your third quintile data comparing 13.7% to 14.5%? You're either trying to be dishonest or need to brush up on some math. You are using 13.7% as an effective rate. But the effective rate for those in that third quintile is not 14.5%. It would be much closer to 5% on a $75,000 income because of the 50,000 exemption. I'd agree with your point if the exemption level or tax rate amount lead to the middle class paying more (they certain get the least amount of benefit from switching to a flat tax system), but I don't see the actually increase in taxes you say they would receive.
What burden? It reduces taxes for ALL (at least with assumption right now with no further information on exemption amount for not a family of 4). Why does the burden shift instead of just being able to be reduced? The budget would be cut by about 2 trillion over the next decade. That translates to about a 5% cut. Not 90%.
&gt; Or maybe we should raise the minimum wage, do things to incentivize businesses to raise median wages from their 30-year stagnation, and otherwise programs and plans to actually help the middle and lower classes? Okay. Eliminating the 6.2% that employers pay on your behalf (which is really part of your paycheck as it's factored into what you cost the business) would be an incentive. Reducing corporate taxes would be an incentive. And then yes, I'd be all for raising the minimum wage. What are you arguing here? &gt; Or maybe we should do something to raise their life expectancies, like implement a robust universal healthcare system, including programs to promote pubic health, e.g. Anti-obesity programs? Okay. I support universal health care for curative care (need to determine tax rates and price limits though) (Preventive care which can be made competitive, it is left to be market driven.). Part of the reason why Social security should be eliminated is to help pay for universal health care. What programs (and how much money) would make up the promotion of public health? I feel we should all be able to grasp the fact the being obese isn't healthy already. But again, what is your argument against Social Security elimination here? &gt; If you have problems with social security being regressive and unsustainable, maybe we should remove the cap that exists on income (~$106,000 last time I checked) and tax capital gains and other forms of income to support the system? Or we could just get rid of it. You aren't even countering my position for less taxes. You are just providing alternatives that involve more taxes. &gt; Or maybe a should prohibit politicians from stealing money from the social security fund to pay for other insolvent programs? If they stopped using the fund as a piggy bank, it would be solvent for a far longer time than in the current system. They didn't steal anything from it. They borrowed. All the money that was put into it has been accounted for and paid back out for how much should have been paid out. And you are simply pointing out an overuse of power from the government of a system that I want to eliminate. How is that an argument against my position?
It would actually be 4.5 million on 11 million income. The math above only factored for 10M not 11M.
Kind of sucks though that his employer values him at 11 million but he only gets 6.5 million.
Still no info on what is to be cut. Without that info, how do you know it burdens the middle class? We can reevaltuate the effect on the middle class when that info is revealed. I basically agree with you though. A flat tax does effect the middle class more negatively in comparison to the poor or the rich. We have here with Rand's plan a tax system with two brackets, $0-$50,000 and $50,001+. I'm in favor of more brackets (implement a logramithic scale), not less. But I see other benefits from this plan such as reducing tax breaks that make me consider it at least until more info it available.
Of course. But they are paying 11M. That is what they are willing to pay for you to be an employee. Therefore it is what your true value stands at, at least in the eyes of the employer. Most people think in terms of pre-tax income. Get a raise from $8.00 to $9.00 and most people will see a dollar raise. But depending on taxes it's more likely about an $0.80 raise. Its hard to factor in all the different taxes (income, payroll, etc.) as well as potential deductions to come. But the fact is that you aren't receiving the amount at which you employer values you. The truth is that you value (or you are at least content with the payment to take/keep the job) yourself less than what your employer values you at. That is why there is a disconnect between the employees currently not thinking they get paid enough, and the employer thinking they are paying out fine. It can also come down to greed, but this disconnect is a big part of the problem of perceived "low wages". I'm sorry that mentioning this fact gets me downvoted. Let me back in the circle jerk. "We hate rich people... money people give them in exchange for services, they don't deserve to keep"
Oh my god. That is what our system is like now. It's just has narrower brackets. We only need to focus on the effective tax rate as that is the only thing that actually applies. And that changes in our current system as well as Rand's. Your effective tax rate (the tax rate you pay one your income) will be less for the person making 51I than the person making 500k. You either don't understand effective tax rates or you are ignoring it to push an opinion that doesn't even make any sense because it is effective tax that matters.
They are aware of it, I'm not saying they aren't. I'd proposition that it's silly that employees to be unaware of the fact that they'd be making more income if their taxes were lower. There is a disconnect. That's a reality. And therefore I labeled it a fact. Its not a "take" on the issue. Many people aren't aware of it and can't think from the employer's perspective and it has created more animosity than there should be. Not that it should be removed, but it would certainly help the situation if we had a bit more understanding of the perspectives.
Exactly!! And that's what Rands plan does too!! Because of the exclusion of the first $50,000, it means it is NOT a straight flat tax. It is not one tax rate, but TWO. They are 0% from $0 - $50,000 and 14.5% from $50,001 and above. You were arguing that his plan isn't progressive. IT IS. Because of the two tax rates. Because it ISN'T a straight flat tax.
Oh aren't *you* an edgy 16 year old that can make sexual innuendo jokes. This is a discussion about his current plan. You were wrong, so you deflected. Glad I could help inform.
Why? I don't really think there is a "correct" answer to that. Just like our current tax rates brackets don't have a great reasoning behind them. I've really considered the continous function also. I think logramithic formulas have potential for use. Do you have any specific numbers you'd like to see? But it would obviously run into the same "why?" reasoning problem of how the rates are actually determined.
I'm in the same boat. Those are my three, at least for now. But why do you think these 3 are options together? I see Rand and Kasich as sharing some things, but I have a hard time being able to say why Walker is also in there.
Did you account for payroll tax? Rand's plan has them as part of the 14.5%. Therefore you should include it with the evaluation of our current system if you are going to compare them equally. I still don't understand how you got the math for why the middle class 40,000-100,000 pays more. I know that flat taxes seem to effect the middle class worse as we move from our current system, but how is it paying more tax? And his plan is not flat, see exemption, and therefore is still progressive. Its less progressive than our current system, but that doesn't make it regressive like you are saying it is. It seems you put a lot of work into this, but there isn't anything you have said that makes me think you are correct.
&gt; he doesn't think there should be any protected classes and that a business should be free to discriminate if it wants to. Yes, exactly. Why are we free to discriminate based on attractiveness, but not race? Why are we free to discriminate based on sex, but not nationality? Why are we free to discriminate based on age, but not religion? Why are we free to discriminate based on appearance, but not skin color? Just because we had shit laws (Jim Crow) that MANDATED discrimination right before the passage of the Civil Right Act, didn't mean the government had to pass laws to MANDATE no discrimination (on certain classes), just because they knew they screwed up so bad. &gt; you tell me, you brought it up. I brought it up because people think he's a racist for not wanting race to be a protected class. But we aren't calling everyone a sexist for not wanting sex to be a protected class. We aren't. That's my point. It's a bullshit stance to label him as such for that reason.
&gt; Having grown up in rural Texas I have a pretty good idea of how many racists we still have, it's a lot. I don't know what you experience (and I don't want to appear like I do), but I'd just like to point out that there is a difference between people seeming to be racist (saying racist remarks around white friends, etc.) and actually participating in racist/discriminatory behavior (banning them from stores, yelling racist remarks to a specific person that are more that just name calling, etc.). &gt; You're right that we can't actually legislate beliefs, but I suspect that those who were discriminated against prefer buying groceries from someone with a scowl than not being able to enter the grocery store at all. And I totally understand this viewpoint. I just think as a society we could take care of situations like this, instead of the government mandating it. We as a society are not just a small town community, we are all connected to a much larger national society. When a small injustice happens in a small town, there is a reaction at the national level. There are plenty of examples that prove this. We can still be against the action and demand change, even if we think it should be legal to do.
There is too much flaw in STV (ranking). I personally favor Range Voting or for simplicity sake Approval Voting. But yes, we need change to the voting system.
A child has a right to not be raped, it's an infringement one their liberty. Being denied service that requires another person's actions does not infringe on your liberty. They aren't similar in the slightest.
Comprehend much? It says... &gt; The Congressional Budget Office announced on Monday that the Affordable Care Act will cost $142 billion, or 11 percent, less over the next 10 years, **compared to what the agency had projected in January.** So it's costing less than what they projected it would with the ACA. That doesn't mean its been cheaper than without the ACA. It also says... &gt; Between 1998 and 2005, spending on health care increased by an average of 5 percent per year, adjusting for inflation and demographics. That figure fell to 1.8 percent per year for the period from 2006 to 2013, the latest year for which data are available. So it appears the rates were decreasing before the ACA. Possibly due to the Recession? Not that the ACA has caused these decreases rates? None of this is evidence. None of this is actual numbers. Its just factual information that you are interpreting to mean something when it doesn't even say what you think it does.
Haha haha. Read the other response you got to this. If you for an instant want to use that Mother Jones article as a source for your views when it 100% lies, I can discredit your whole opinion. That article says there are no deductions. FALSE. Home loan and charity. The article says everyone pays the same rate. FALSE. Because of the exemption ($15,000 for filed, $5,000 for each dependent, ($50,000 for a family of 4)), the effective tax rate is different depending on your income. Maybe YOU should understand what you are opposing.
That 15 million number should be ignored completely as it assumes no spending cuts. But Rand's plan comes with spending cuts (not yet specified). So it's just dishonest bullshit to say what the plan would do when you don't even take in all the things that are part of the plan. From Rand's side I believe I've heard it's 3 trillion with static accounting, and 1 trillion with this other type of accounting I forgot the name of. It seems he picked the middle. I'm not certain on this, but I know the 15 trillion number is bullshit.
&gt; I also saw that labor costs would not be an "allowable expense" which makes me think of two things: First: Fuck you, Rand Paul. I see it as pretty indicative of his attitude towards us lowly wage slaves. And second: It will bankrupt any corporation where labor is a major cost. Rand's plan REMOVES payroll taxes. Do you know what payroll taxes are? They are taxes on labor. Why are you all of a sudden upset at this? All his plan does is replace the 15.3% in payroll taxes with a 14.5% tax on that labor.
What was I wrong about? Rand's plan isn't a flat tax. Please consider what is actually in his proposal and not judge it purely on a name. &gt; Do you see any of those flat tax proposals arguing for 22 percent or greater? You seem to be against it for the simple fact that it decreases income tax on the wealthy, even if it decreases taxes for everyone else too. That's a fair stance. But don't pretend you know more about the law than you do.
&gt; We are looking at all of this from the business perspective. Holy shit, I know. Stop trying to explain corporate taxes to me, I know how they work. PAYROLL TAXES ARE TAXES ON LABOR. Payroll taxes are a BUSINESS expense. CURRENTLY BUSINESSES pay payroll taxes on labor. Because they do this, they are not taxed on labor through corporate taxes. UNDER RAND'S PLAN businesses would pay corporate tax on the labor INSTEAD of paying payroll taxes. BECAUSE PAYROLL TAXES ARE JUST SIMPLY TAXES. &gt; Has absolutely, positively nothing to do with payroll taxes Yes it does. Its a cost effecting the business. Its a TAX ON LABOR, the exact thing you are discussing.
I see waste in government spending. I see waste in the military. "Wars" that aren't accomplishing anything. Foreign Aid to countries that hate us. I see waste in education. Government funding has NOT been spent on improving education (has our education been improving? No.). It's instead spent on ammenities to attract people to universites that don't have anything to do with education. Plus the whole student loan fiasco that only helped to raise tution costs. I see waste in health care. Demand side subsidies are a waste when demand is already sky high and will only raise prices because of the perceived higher amount of disposable income. I see waste in government employees/jobs themselves. I see waste in our policing/prisons. The war on drugs. If you think government is efficient, you are delusional.
&gt; They are not looking to find that sweet spot a private company looks for , when profits are maxed and service is as little as you can get away with. Businesses care about what they spend money on. They try to remain as efficient as possible. Government does not care, because it is not their money. They can always get more, so they don't have an incentive to be efficient. &gt; Like cable and internet companies, they will cheat you over and over., while slashing customer service. That is because service does not increase profits. Because their oligopoly ability, given to them by the government, allows them to not have to compete. But the fact is that they have a business involving infrastructure (cable lines) so the "free market" doesn't work for such a system anyway. Our government gave these companies tons of money to upgrade the infrastructure, and they just blew it on something else. And the government, didn't care. That's waste.
&gt; So you think cable companies are efficient? No. I thought I just explained why they don't have to be. They are oligopolies. &gt; You think energy companies are too. I truly don't know enough about these to comment. I know the government sets restrictions on them to try and make them efficient. &gt; You think defense contractors are ? No. I thought I stated how wasteful they are. The military industrial complex is ridiculous. You are just making up what my opinions are. Even when it seems we would agree on certain things. I don't know what you are arguing against at this point.
&gt; Because the payroll tax is a deducted expense. Actually it's a tax credit. AND the cost of labor is an allowable expense. But it's the payroll tax cost that is a deductible expense. Meaning that you still PAY the payroll tax, you just aren't TAXED on the payroll tax expense. ...because it's already a tax. You're not going to tax a tax or tax something that was just taxed. &gt; And that is why we wind up with Paul's tax blasting a gajillion dollar sucking chest wound of a deficit into the budget. Because he wants to slash tax rates. He's matching the tax revenue with spending cuts. Still curious to know what those are as he hasn't revealed them yet. But I don't know why you are using the argument of adding a deficit to the budget, when he's said he doesn't plan to do that. All I've read is that this would HELP businesses, I've seen a projected 5% lower taxes paid. And that it lowers taxes FOR ALL. I still don't see your opposition to this plan. There certainly are reasons, such as if you want the government to have more funds, but that's not what you are presenting.
&gt; I dunno why you are surprised. I'm not surprised. I'm awaiting more details to make a more informed decision. &gt; First of all flat taxes are horrible. First of all, it's not a flat tax. &gt; Second of all it will brutalize labor intensive companies with low profit margins (ie, all of them) The only reason it works is because his rate of 14.5% is ludicrously, artificially low. I have yet to understand what you mean by this. My calculations don't show that. And what makes 14.5% artifically low? Yes, it would demand steep spending cuts. So yes it's unrealistic for it to pass with our current politicians. But that doesn't mean it's a bad plan. &gt; And lastly it is pretty much a gigantic ass fucking to poor W2 filing middle class wage slaves. How?
So that includes the 25 states that prohibit cousin marriage, right? And every person that supports that prohibition?
&gt; Only someone miserable with their own shitty life would try and deny 2 other people from getting married I was replying to your comment, not this post. &gt; My state does allow cousin marriage if you really want to do that though. What is your point here? Was gay marriage fine when it was left to the states? It appears not for you. So why should cousin marriage? And no I don't want to participate is cousin marriage. I'm just trying to stick up for a group that may be under represented, just like what happened for gay marriage.
What about cousin marriage then? Or equal marriagible age (18 in 48 states, but not 2)?
Sex has nothing to do with marriage. I thought that was established reasoning why the defense "marriage is for procreation, so no to gay marriage" is bullshit. What if the cousin couple is sterile? What if they are gay? Incest is illegal, on a STATE basis (it's not illegal in every state). Just like the cousin marriage restriction. JUST LIKE gay marriage just was before this ruling. What rational was giving in this ruling for ruling the way they did, that would go against cousin marriage if brought before the courts? That is the question we are dealing with.
According to this Supreme Court ruling addressing the bans on gay marriage, it seems like cousin marriage should be legal everywhere. I'm not saying it shouldn't be. I'm just trying to understand how the 14th amendment can be applied. In such a ruling where "equal under the law" seemed to be a big part of the reasoning for the ruling, I have a hard time grasping what "equal under the law" means. Because we are either doing a ton of illegal things that haven't been treated equally under the law or the law doesn't actually mean what we may percieve it to mean and that this current ruling may not be correct from judging it with the Constitution.
&gt; That gender and sexual orientation are not things that should dictate if people can share marriage bond. That's your summary. That's not what seemed to be said in the reasoning behind the ruling. And it seemed the 14th amendment was used for the ruling. Equal under the law. Why just pick gender and sexual orietation as characteristics that are safe? Why not blood relation?
&gt; It wouldn't be separate, it's an illegal activity based on their relationship to one another. Marriage, no matter how you define it, is based on the a relationship between two parties. The legality of that relationship is called in to question by getting married. The relationship is not illegal. Sexual intercourse/penetration is. There is a difference between cousins having a relationship and cousins participating in incest. One is legal while the other isn't. The RELATIONSHIP is legal. Therefore because marriage is a relationship between two parties (your own words), a cousin marriage should be legal also as their relationship is completely legal. Sexual intercourse is not a requirement for having a relationship or getting married.
&gt; This isn't clear cut and don't pretend it is. Yes it is. Look at the state laws. &gt; No it is not. That is the problem, you need to establish what kind of relationship this is between the cousins and rule out sexuality. Them saying they won't doesn't make it true. The burden of proof in on the government. Just because two people MIGHT perform an illegal activity because of certain other actions, doesn't make what they are doing is illegal. They DON'T have to say if they will or not participate in intercourse. That's part of our freedom and liberty that the constitution was actually founded on. Just like if you buy a gun you don't have to say what you are going to use it for yet it's legal to get even though getting a gun is one step closer to commiting an illegal action of shooting an innocent person (at least with your rational). &gt; In effect, marriage is evidence for a crime. That's just plain ridiculous. The law shouldn't just start ASSUMING people are going to commit illegal acts and shouldnt start limiting legal actions simply because they MAY lead to illegal activities. Welcome to your new police state if you think otherwise.
Comment was long, so I only skimmed it. But is that bold statement the actually decision? Are blood related marriages legal now? Or how are those addressed?
&gt; available to everyone. So would there be reasoning for why blood related couples can't get married if brought before the Supreme Court?
Since we currently have women only gyms, I dont see why we shouldn't also allow that.
I'm not defending the "party", I don't know their stance. I'm asking you to defend why " the party of white-only pools" is meant to be derogatory.
A common argument. And something we as a national society should address. And as a national society I think we can address problems like this. Look at the one pizza place that simply told a reporter they wouldn't cater gay weddings (they would still serve gay people). Look at the reaction to finding that out. Threats were made. I think we as a society can react. True change comes and stays more often from societal pressure, rather than authoritarian/governmental pressure.
You were basically saying that the libertarian party is not an advocate of rights because they are in favor of white only pools. I'm asking you to defend that stance. You don't seem to want to try and have a discussion. That's fine.
Well that's how it is now...a lot... (recent example. Confederate Flag. Government didn't ban it, but businesses are not selling it because of public outrage) ... But no. I'd rather have a society that allows someone to provide a service that they themselves produce to anyone of their choosing. And if that person chose not to provide their services to a certain type of people, that another person or a nation or people would jump in to provide that person with a similar service. I don't think "threats" are necessary to shame people or to even just ignore them and provide the service to those that weren't getting it. The people that actual gave money to that one pizza shop were doing it because they thought the outrage was outrageous. I think there are much calmer and more effective ways of making change than what we currently do.
&gt; The costs are coming in below projections. That doesn't matter. It matters if actual costs are increasing. They are. &gt; What's the problem with the rest of it? Mandate. I actually support some system of universal health care, but I'm against the current mandate. The problem is that the government has required it's citizens to purchase something from a private business. That should seem wrong to everyone. Subsidies. Demand sided subsidies, which is what these are, are meant to increase demand. But demand for health care (insurance) is all ready sky high and ineleastic. So it's idiotic to apply demand sided subsidies to this system as it's not accomplishing its goal and only raises costs as *percieved* disposable income seems to increase (as the government is adding funds), but what the market can bare is actually quite less. (Look at tution and student loans as an example) Exchanges. Not sure what the other commenter is getting at with this. Anything that opens up the ability for consumers to shop around and compare prices will be what actually helps health care costs to come down.
&gt; Yes it does. He's using "effective rate", which is the rate you pay when you combine the percentages paid for income + payroll taxes. No it doesn't. The effective tax rate he is using is for INCOME taxes. That's all it addresses. Payroll taxes are seperate. How is the effective tax rate under 1% for some when payroll itself is 7.65%? &gt; And under the Paul plan, payroll taxes get taken out of the corporate VAT returns, which means that basically, everyone pays 14.5% more for all their consumption needs. This is what I'm not understanding. Can you describe just this better for me? I understand if you ADDED this VAT that this would happen. But I don't understand how REPLACING our current corporate tax system and payroll taxes with this VAT creates a 14.5%. How does eliminating some taxes and adding 14.5% taxes create a 14.5% increase? That just doesn't make sense. &gt; Progressive taxation has a definition, it is a tax in which the tax rate increases as the taxable amount increases, how does that happen with this plan? Rand's plan has two tax brackets. 0% for $0 to $15,000. And 14.5% for $15,000+. This creates an effective tax rate that continues to increase as income rises. JUST LIKE OUR SYSTEM NOW. It just doesn't have as many brackets and isn't as progressive. Our current system stops at a certain point. Of we can call the system we have now a progressive tax system, then so is Rand's. &gt; They aren't, you should consult the link I sent to you, and realize it is comparing effective rates, you'll note people from $40,000 - $100,000 income levels end up paying a higher effective rate under the Paul plan. And you should consult the logic that this does not consider payroll taxes or any other changes like I mentioned again and again. It only considers income tax. And even if I'm somehow wrong, you should see what he said the deduction was. $25,000. That's wrong. Therefore all his numbers are wrong beyond $15,000. &gt; Uh, Forbes, the news, Rand's unscored tax plan returns about $280-$300 Billion less in revenue than current returns. And he has proposed cuts, yet to be revealed. &gt; Rand wants to increase military spending by $76 Billion, Please provide me the evidence that this is proposed with his tax plan. Yes he proposed those increase recently. He's also had proposed budgets in the past with DECREASES in military spending. So I'll wait for the actually plan, thank you.
&gt; On net the ACA *reduces* the budget deficit. By costs I meant the parts of the bill that cost money, they're still offset by taxes and a reformed reimbursement system. I'm not quite sure what this means. How is a system that requires more government spending reducing the budget deficit by itself? &gt; Nothing is wrong in a vacuum and there's no free lunch. If you want universal healthcare how are you going to do it without a mandate or exploding costs? I'm against the mandate of the government requiring purchase from a private company. Seems corporatism like. I'm not against the government having their own mandate though. Exploding costs can be controlled with restriction on supply sided subsidies (which aren't meant to increase price) and instead help fund hospitals to offer things and more competitive prices. Or we can remove restrictions to increase competion. Although this is where you need to separate curative care (inelastic demand, therefore high costs that must be restricted through a universal health care system) and preventive care (elastic demand, allows people to shop around and make hospitals compete on price while requiring them to be more open about prices). &gt; Not to mention, there's no real requirement to buy insurance. All there is is a tax penalty for not buying it. I'm sorry, but that's a requirement in my book. &gt; What do you think the goal is? Many people cannot afford insurance, the subsidies help them out. I think the goal was to make health care payments lower for the poor. And yes, this accomplishes that. But I think the goal should have been to actually make health less expensive, for everyone. The prices are still higher, it's just that the government is picking up part of the check now. So from an individual's perspective, some are paying less, but we as a society are paying more. Which I find stupid and I believe people are either too short sighted or conceited if they don't see that. &gt; I don't know what you mean by the demand for insurance being sky-high and inelastic -- if there are still millions of people who are uninsured while desiring to be insured demand can't be that high or inelastic. But that demand has always existed. They just can't afford it. Which means that supply isn't meeting demand. That's what happens in a recession. Supply isn't meeting demand (hospitals/insurers arent lowering prices because it's purely not worth it for them to do so.) Our government saw this and decided to try and raise demand to meet supply. But this only allows hospitals to continue to raise prices as they now have a new (very likely unlimited) new source of disposable income. Demand didn't even rise, only disposable income (which also has the effects of increasing price) did. This is the wrong move. What needs to happen if for supply to move to where demand is. This means more funds to the hospitals themselves (most likely with price control restrictions), trying to increase the supply of doctors, lower restrictions on certain areas, increase competition, or any of the things that usually help to increase supply.
Sorry, I usually use the word fetus, but stuck with the word zygote as you were using it and wasn't really thinking. I understand the distinction. Does anyone have the right to your services? Can you be required to provide services to anyone without your consent? It seems in current law the answer is yes. How is someone requiring use of your body different than someone requiring use of your body to perform services? Your child has a right to your services. You must provide for them. Not doing so, would be illegal. At the very least, you must bring them legally to an adoption center. That's still a requirement from you. You can't just abandon them. And you can't just kill them because they are leeching onto your services. Question: So do you support a woman having an abortion up to the day before birth? If the fetus is still leeching onto the woman and not yet a separate body, it would seem you do. How do you defend that viewpoint? If you don't hold that belief, why not? I favor a 20 week ban (with health exceptions). And it helps to address what you are trying to say. But I can see the rational from the other perspective too.
Think about how many people right now are against Consanguineous (blood related) Marriage. Look at the mental gymastics the majority of people pull to defend how that should be illegal. And like you said, sex/procreation has nothing to do with marriage. So why deny two people of blood relation from getting married?
&gt; No, I don't think anyone has the right to my services. What law are you thinking of that does? Well, many from the government. The Draft (Selective Service). (yes still a requirement). Jury Duty. File taxes. Etc.. And the one I was referring to, the requirement to avoid child neglect/abuse. So actions And services are required for avoidance. &gt; Additionally, there's a huge difference between right to services and right to take a piece of my body. Show me one example when someone else's right to life supersedes your right to make decisions about who accesses your body and how. I'm not sure exactly what you are asking here. But since it's illegal to kill yourself and illegal to ask someone else, even a doctor to kill yourself for you, it's legally apparent you don't have a 100% right to your own body. &gt; ...So why does the fetus have a right to take my blood without my consent? Because that's how children are born. That's how the process works. You don't have a right to kill yourself. Why should you have the right to kill the living thing YOU CREATED that is only taking its NATURAL PROGRESSION to obtain life? The fetus isn't a blood sucking leech, it's how life is created. Its how you were created. Its a system that is perfectly reasonably (for some people) for the government to have some control over. They have an obligation to protect life. You may not agree that it's a life and that's fine, I'm only simply trying to dismiss this lame analogy. As it continues to associate an organ with a fetus which is already not acceptable. And tries to paint a fetus as something attacking your system, when it is simply under natural actions. &gt; Yes, I do. Okay. That's fine. It holds true with your belief. You are just in the minority then, as many pro-choice people still favor some restrictions. &gt; What is special about a 20 week old fetus that it gets to violate its mother's rights? Especially when we go back and consider that a newborn would not be able to. What makes that 20-40 week fetus special? Umm, viability. THE ACTUAL SUPREME COURT RULING OF ROE VS WADE THAT DISCUSSES IT. It specified 24 weeks, but it has continued to decrease as technogoly has increased. WHERE THEY AFFIRMED THAT A PERSON HAS A RIGHT TO AN ABORTION UNTIL VIABILITY.
What about two cousins that are men getting married? Why can't they? No chance of procreating there. Why is it illegal? What about sterile cousin couples? What about the cousin couple's that don't to have sex, but love one another and want to proclaim that love with the state? But again, why restrict marriage simply because of the possibility of incest? There is already the possibility of incest. People can participate in incest now. Why is the state recognition of their bond suddenly going to flood the world in incest?
I disagree. I believe citizens should have to right to petition their government. And that includes being able to put as much as their funds as they wish into a political message, even when it's in support of a specific candidate that supports their views and can further implement them. But I'd support overturning citizens United for the goal of removing corporations as "associations" that are being granted that same speech as individuals.
I've read the ruling. I disagree with their rationale. Corporations should not be seen as associations for this purpose. Corporations are a CONSTRUCT. We created them, we can define them. The Constitution protects freedom speech of associations, because they are simply a group of individuals with a shared goal. SHARED GOAL. The general funds raised by a corporation were not given to the corporation for a shared goal. They were just purchasing a product or service. My problem is with corporations, not associations or other groups. I believe there to be a difference. But yes, this was somewhat discussed in the case. Brought up by the problem of a "Media" corporation. This is how I see it. A media corporation's "service" is speech. And any money raised by such a corporation is money that is in support of the speech they are producing. Therefore media corporations would be able to use money for their service, which is speech. They just simply can't use general funds on something political outside their business, such as giving money to a super PAC. But to address your questions/comments... How is what I said contradictory? I fully support Citizens United being allowed to show the video. I am just against their reasoning and what they've allowed by their ruling. Basically the removal of the "general funds" limitation of corporations. It wouldn't interfere with the 1st Amendment at all. And like I said, associations are fine to form. I just believe corporations aren't "associations". Corporation owners and emoyees would be free to donate to super PACs with their own individual funds as much as they want. Heck, a corporation owner could simply pay himself a ton to donate politically from his own individual funds. But I'd like to see that be the case. Instead of coming straight from corporations and then avoiding the disclosure requirement by listing their corporation a certain way (which is another problem with the ruling).
??? I fully support an association like Citizens United being able to show the political video they want to. I just don't like what the ruling all allowed. My point is against corporations, not associations. (see my other comment for more in depth reasoning)
&gt; FEDERAL ban on gay marriage and abortion... Gay Marriage? I thought he was always states right on this? And has also taken the position of getting marriage out of government all together. I don't recall him being for a federal ban. Abortion. He has in the past tried a "personhood" amendment, but I recall that he made a point after that going nowhere that he believes that the populace was too divided on the issue that he wouldn't try to legislate it. Is there more recent info on his stance here?
Thanks. I will now live my life no differently, but now feel superior to everyone else that believes something I no longer do! /s
Plus car insurance is a state mandate, not a federal one.
