Immortality.
I'd absolutely love Google + if it were seamlessly integrated into everything Google, but as it stands, its simply a poor replacement for Facebook for me since I find FB creepy and as creepy as Google is, I don't have to deal with family on them.
Okay, first. Biological immortals - the Centurions. A group of powerful human beings who, thanks to a number of scientific innovations, cannot age. They can still die, so they aren't necessarily immortal, but they are immortal in that they live forever. Of course, by the time the main story takes place, most of them are dead, but that's irrelevant to this question. As for Gods, there are two main godlike beings in my world - the first(though I hesitate to order them first and second) are the Sentinels of Dawn, mechanized warriors cast in the early dawn of Time to protect and serve the Empire. Eons after the it has faded away into disexistence, they still stand guard, waiting for the day when the heir returns to bring the Empire back to it's former glory. The second is an oddity - they are, quite simply, the Past, Present, and Future, manifested as physical entities. It's weird - I know, but the way it ties into the story works it out to be a pretty cool concept.
Bastille's cover of ['What Would You Do?'](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ceYjUymR-wo), [original](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LahcSFleKm8) by City High.
Am I on a list for clicking that?
&gt;I'm worried that it might not sell more than a hundred copies unless the main character is a bald space marine. Erm...sarcasm I hope? If not, you have a serious misunderstanding of the modern game industry.
A number of things, some of which I'll miss: 1. Hyper Light Drifter - I really think the art for the game speaks for itself - so atmospheric and mysterious, and that's a feeling I kind of wanted to recreate. 2. Music - Catching Flies, Tycho, Stellardrone, many others all serve as a constant source of inspiration. 3. Hotline Miami - I wouldn't necessarily say this alone is an influence, or its style of gameplay is, but its narrative structure - where you aren't really sure what is real and what isn't - has been a huge influence on the way I write some of my stories. 4. Myself - A ton of my inspiration comes from inside - trains of thought, dreams, past experiences, all of these influence my stories in important, and I dare say, the most important ways.
The main problem I have with articles like that is they've been saying the same thing for *so damn long.*
Hydrogen by M.O.O.N.
Dune has all your answers, really.
Its not really about being with someone constantly so much as it is about being with someone for longer than they feel bad for you. You know, longer than a minute.
I don't think them surviving would have made a difference - America still would have lost the war, which acted as a catalyst for all the events in both games. Had they won the war, Russia never would have been in America, 50 Blessings would never exist, and there would be no nukes.
[Stop and Stare](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ByaPYdvUIXQ) by Fenech Soler. Really does a good job of representing how chaotic things are in my world, and how things are kind of falling apart, but the narrator doesn't want to believe that it is.
pic for proof?
This town in the middle of nowhere is clearly a metaphor for the planet Earth, which is also located in the middle of nowhere.
Do you think this bag will fit in my car?
What's it like to be considered a joke by the entire world, including Reddit?
The toilet. Seriously, the fuck do you guys got against him? He's just sitting there, minding his business when one of you assholes decides, oh, hey, I'm gonna shit on this toilet. fuck you too
GO PACK GO
Continually tell the person who gave me the money that I lost it, and he is contractually obliged to pay me back. Repeat until I have $1000.
Firefly....damn you Fox, damn you!
Care to have a seat over there, Sir? My lawyer will be right with you.
But that's 2100! Why do I have to worry about *them*?
Exactly! That's what I've been thinking for a while now. Even if we could theoretically reverse climate change, it wouldn't make a huge difference in the long run, as we'd find another way to mess this planet up. The key, then, is to adapt to the new world - whether that be changing where we grow our crops, or if we finally make a real push into space, is the actual question here.
The actual pilot, although I think with this show a lot of episodes could be switched around if you change a few scenes
Season 2 is the greatest... :(
Basically, yes?
Yeah the thing I'm kind of mad about is cause Snakes and Hanging were up so quickly. But the thing that really annoys me is [this tweet Dan made.](https://twitter.com/bastilledan/status/606877173878779904) Just, ugh, Dan, release the album if you want us to hear high quality versions!
They only have 5 songs? I was under the impression the album was already done, but maybe I'm wrong.
They should really just pay Vista owners to upgrade - after all, they made the poor fuckers buy Vista.
I should've died like the rest.
&gt;Even with rice he said it was 4/10.... man I gotta sleep my game up FTFY
Played Hotline Miami
Well, shit, I'm actually really impressed.
My only complaint with the first game is that, after playing the second so much, gameplay in the first feels a lot less frantic and doesn't control as well, at least for me.
Well I mean he's also have a thousand years worth of reddit archived on his phone
Yeah, I imagine the first accidental suicide being back in 1015 A.D. would really change how we approach gun control laws.
An interstellar spaceship that travels just below the speed of light with cryogenic chambers on board. There I am, 1015 era Rome. Spaceship sitting out on the field. People running out, curious. The pope is asking if he can come on board. Yeah, the pope. So we get on board, and we launch. Once we're out in space, we launch a curved trajectory that will take us a thousand and fifteen years to complete and land us in 2030. Me and the Pope hop out of our ship and start smokin' a joint cause by then it's legal everywhere
So is this why they called the cops when I walked into that school in my Vader costume?????
Yeah, gotta echo what others are saying - this crosses the line. I get that kids need to be educated, and I can see this as something that would be a good learning experience for high schoolers. But an 11 year old? No, they don't need this, and I'm appalled the school thinks they did. The thing that I don't get, though, is how the dad didn't know. My school always required permission slips for field trips and for watching inappropriate movies/material, and it seems odd one wasn't required for this.
I understand the students chose, but I still don't understand how there was no permission slip the parents had to sign - that seems like something they'd be required to have.
Everything does revolve around America....DO NOT LISTEN TO THESE INFIDELS
Remindme! 24 hours.
Florida man ~~strikes~~ twerks again!
Hyper Light Drifter. So excited by the premise of the game and what little gameplay I've seen.
Killing.
Castanets - You Are The Blood. From the ending of Hotline Miami 2. Such a good song
My 'deities', if you could call them that(they aren't worship or well known, but they transcend reality and have godlike powers, albeit not in the traditional sense) are literally Past, Present, and Future.
In my sci-fi universe, at least in the past(massive construction projects aren't really possible now, for a lot of reasons.), construction was done through money and time, usually by way of the immortal Centurion class. They privately funded most projects, which would take centuries and millions of laborers to complete.
yeah, the light just hasn't reached us yet
Its okay, nobody said anything nice anyway
:(
and alcohol
It's okay, leaving this world is not as scary as it sounds.
We have a pretty damn high crime rate.
I remember when I first heard that song, I was listening to it at night on repeat for an hour or so until it got stuck in my head. Then, at about 3 in the morning, I woke up with intense stomach pain and sat on the toilet for ten minutes with diarrhea. And that song was playing in my head the entire time. The most upbeat song I'd ever heard, playing while I felt like the most shit I'd ever felt like.
Owl Cities - Fireflies
I was expecting something else to come out of your son's penis and left this disappointed
Don't get in that white van with tinted windows, no matter how good the candy looks
Everything sung by Passion Pit. Seriously, I love the guy, his music is great, but I can't understand a single thing he says without referencing a lyric site.
I got no friends to speak of.
I would download Tinder just for the humor in it, and all the weird stories I've heard about it.
STDs usually are a deal breaker for me
Grip by Bastille
I'd fly into the sun.
Every redditor is interesting except for you
A girl talked to me...and then stopped
Rape
Godspeed about describes how long she talked to me.
How good I'd look with your dong in my mouth
Me
just me, sucking on it, vroom, vroom, oh yeah, you screaming, thrusting
100,000. Currently making 0
Challenge him to a suicide competition. First person to commit suicide loses.
Yeah I'll try that
Thanks :)
Aw.
Actually, we can take away their power. They need money, and if we take the money, they can't operate anymore.
fuck you too
That reward tho....you're getting cheated
How much?
When?
Just tell me where
Guess you guys weren't playing the Last of Us
Well with the internet they realized most of those strangers were really forty year old men looking to kidnap you.
&gt;"our most sacred institution, and have serious consequences for children who would grow up without a mother or father," Jensen said. So wait, this guy is willing to divorce his wife and leave his children without a proper family just to make a point? What an asshole.
Love this song! If you like this, I highly recommend checking out some of his other songs, like Magnetic and Stop And Stare. Those two are definitely my favorites, but I love Last Forever just as much!
Keep holding, buddy, keep holding
I don't see the appeal in a robot body. I'd much rather take the nanobot route.
Or you know, for rape.
I got detention for eating part of my friends brownie when he offered it to me in the bathroom. Turns out he stole the brownie. Funny thing is, the guy we stole it from, he had a box of them in the room, and he just kind of laughed about the whole thing.
Well apparently he now has the land
If so many games use this as has been stated in some of these comments, I can't help but think how much Sony fucked up when they didn't port the engine to the Vita when it first released - would have changed so much, I think.
Gotta love Curve
If you haven't already, go to Sanctuary and take on the side missions - there should be a ton there and it'll help you level up.
Somewhat, though not entirely.
Spend it all in one sitting on Candy Crush Saga
Madeon - Adventure Such a fantastic album, every single song on it is amazing. It's probably the only album I've ever listened to on straight repeat for days.
Immortality.
Which is perfect for me. I love low standards!
