Whether you go for the yeard or not is not that important. The question is why go back to being a boy when you're successful looking like a man?
" [G]oing from 65 to 68 or 70,” he [Jebb b} added. “And that, by itself, will help sustain the retirement system for anybody under the age of 40.” Anyone else catch the unstated subtext to this statement? To me it's obvious that he is excluding raising the limit on wages subject to SS withholding--and lifting that, even eliminating that,--that would only effect the wealthiest--is contrary to the Bush Doctrine of protect the rich at the expense of the average guy, who must now toil in the Bush Field for 3 to 5 years longer before becoming eligible. That's just not fair, but it's very "Bush!"
Yet again, jingoistic foreign policy, but absolutely no realistic way to pay for it--and that attitude raised the debt level of the US because of the unwarranted intrusion into Iraq, a Cheney "accomplishment!" For me, unless these old guys who want war shouldn't be able to send the young to fight for the old guys' "priniciples" unless they state up front how they--and this includes their personal wallets--intend to pay for it.
At least you didn't panic and take it back to the wood, and that would have been worse and made the Shaver's Remorse harder. Congrats on no panic!
*“If I’m president of the United States and you’re thinking about joining Al Qaeda or ISIL, I’m not going to call a judge,” he said. “I’m going to call a drone, and we will kill you.”* No judge, no third party intervention to make sure your intel is right about the intent, it's more Republican shoot, fire, aim policy--it got us into Iraq. "Tough guy" jingoistic nonsense. Oh, and how is he paying for his "tough guy" policy--strangely quiet on that I think, maybe not so strange but just plain dishonest.
Raising the payroll cap alone, or eliminating it would do everything that's necessary--and more. No need to go after investment income, a tricky thing to try to assess anyway.
Facing boldly to the past, he tries to move his candidacy forward. Time, ideas and reality wait for no man, even if he is an elected US Senator. He's now a man whom time &amp; history have passed by.
Well, then what is an "investment?" One of the largest for most Americans is their home--should profits on the sale of homes be subject to SS? How do you distinguish between an interest in a cooperative apartment and a home, does it matter if property is held for rental? It's a whole wide area and so it's a matter of practicality, wages yes, investments--too convoluted unless absolutely necessary.
Memo to Santorum: "Physician" heal thyself!
Next time you get that compulsion, put down the scissors and trimmer and say, "Never shave below the ears!" Nice growth, will be better with a little more length.
A man cannot have "too much facial hair"!
Certainly seems to have caved--but no one, but no one can trace ISIL, AlQuada in Iraq (didn't exist until post 9/11) and other Sunni reaction groups to Paul Bremer's Order #2, a hamfisted declaration that pushed the Sunni's out of power in Iraq without adequate consideration of the relationship between Sunni &amp; Shia and their history. Solely a Republican creation, everything Obama has done is cleaning up the "shitstorm" created by Order #2.
How can Obama change 1300 years of hate between Sunni &amp; Shia--just as the Shia were excluded during the Sunni/albeit Baathist period under Saddam &amp; also under his Hasshimite predecessors, they weren't going to change their spots either, so they excluded the Sunni's--hate beyond most people's understanding and not unique to the Islamic world (think Catholic/Protestant in Northern Ireland). Order#2 dove right into that struggle and apparently hadn't thought a thing about the possibility of problems. Urging doesn't change deeply seated conflicts such as that. Shia once gaining control wanted and sought payback.
Exactly--just more of what we have come to expect from the pandering to hate talk of GOP candidates to stir up the red neck vote--after all, why not, poor taste costs no more!
Count yourself lucky--a lot of us had it move from the top of our head to our back, etc, even ears.
Good to choose a barber who sports facial hair. Maybe you should consider his haircut if your receding hairline doesn't stop! ;-)
Is "trust" an undefined metric as posed in the question more or less important that intelligence--a less subjective test. I'll go with intelligence any day of the week.
It's a sad twist on The Man of LaMancha--The "Man" of Louisiana has delusions of the impossible dream. What this article fails to mention that insofar as voter appeal, Pyiush brings with him his ratings by the voters of Louisiana, who hold him in the lowest regard compared to all other states.
someone is several sandwiches short of the picnic at /r/rateme!
The creation of ISIS/ISIL has a start point, Order #2 by Paul Bremer which dissolved the Iraqi army on the excessively simplistic basis that all members of the Baath party were to be essentially disenfranchised no matter the reason for membership. This hamfisted policy arose out of arrogant ignorance of the Sunni/Shia division in Islam, a division dating nearly 1300 years. Seemingly W and his henchmen such as Wolfowitz "thought" the Iraqi's just wanted to be more like Texas! Well they learned that Iraq isn't Texas, and that the destruction of the Sunni government would lead to a Shia government with significant corruption and a whole lot of unemployed Sunni military who had nothing to lose by joining forces and protecting their interests. Bush didn't "help" he willingly and through avoidable ignorance lit the match--and now it will flame for decades.
Yes, stupidity as the underlying foundation. As for profits, they thought they would gain effective control of the Iraqi oil industry and thus "control" the oil price independent of the Saudis.
Well, W's library is extensive, both books, including the one he didn't finish coloring!
ISIS takes place in an area strongly dealt with by WWI &amp; II, but the match that lit the tinder box was Order #2, it enabled the Shia to dominate the society, and to settle sectarian scores brewing for hundreds and hundreds of years.
Exactly, I'd estimate 30% at a minimum of the men at mine are bearded in one form or another.
Colin Powell got Bushwacked by W &amp; his henchmen. Particularly offensive was sending him to the UN with bad information when they knew it was bad. Powell was very much in line with those like Elliott Richardson in the Watergate scandal--he believed and knew that his duty was to the Nation &amp; Constitution and not the current AH sitting in the Oval Office. Scary that these massive lapses in honesty always happen with one party!
Well, the beard will repair itself given some thoughtful neglect--the barber however probably never will learn to respect the beard.
They do a lot in Texas, but reading isn't one of them. Just because this country had one president imposed on them by the Supreme Court and hoodwinked into reelecting him, doesn't mean that it will happen again--we hope. Enough of showing that anyone can become President.
Since the Pontifex Maximus has his scientific credentials, perhaps the "devout" but nevertheless stupid Santorum should leave religious preaching to the clergy and not attempt to impose his beliefs on others through the agency of government unless he can show his credentials in religious and ethical disciplines.
Beards are a huge component of self confidence and respect and when a man has confidence and respect, he takes good care of himself--you're the poster-man for beards for health.
Exactly, but the Bush family's financial support interests don't want to pay on their inflated salaries--Jeb is in line to try to be their third spokesman--too bad Nancy Regan didn't prevail and keep 41 out of office.
Yup, couldn't stand them. During Regan's term in office she only had them to the WH when it was absolutely necessary. Don't know why she was so prescient of the Bush character, but she was against the nomination from the getgo. They had tried to get Jerry Ford to sign on, but that didn't pay out. So, at they turned to GHWB, and Nancy was not happy.
And Pyiush again demonstrates he's the leader conservative America wants, a guy who fearlessly takes positions that have no relevance to Americans, and could limit the ability of American manufacturers who would persist in ignoring the metric system. But, the pound is a pound the world around and with Bobby, there's no bigger fool to be found.
Well, in defense of the few of us with operative (we hope) brains, Jindal did close the mental hospitals--now it's clear it was just a vote generating scheme.
Well, hetero it maybe, but the chief difference between Republicans and Democrats seem to be that the Democrats get it free,l and the Republicans pay for it, but maybe that's a building jobs concept.
So there wasn't an "Indian" system here! Surprising.
Yeah, but we went decimal/"metric" with our currency and junked shillings pence, pounds etc.
Exactly--also there is a pun trying to form in my mind of the oldest profession in the world working with guys who are also paid to assume a given position! I guess it's different when the Koch Bros. are paying! (OMG another potential pun!)
Why not?
Well, it's Hypocrisy Be Thy Name, his father's pompous moral preaching is somewhat drawn into question when sonnyboy, who must have gone to Sunday School in his father's church, believes that this is "acting". Fat, bad--really bad--toupee. Another Republican who can't get it free showing what he thinks needs to happen to get a little!
Well if you want to look like a man, yes, but if you want to look like a boy, nope, not by a long shot.
Whatever the brand is, this Independent won't buy it or even walk across the street or down the block to look at it.
Then they act "surprised" when there is violence "started" by the Palestinians. It's an "invaded" area, and this does nothing to help the Israeli image in the civilized world. Do they care?
I understand the current government, but we here in the states don't hear much about the decent Israelis who oppose this treatment and recognize that it is self-defeating and contrary to the long term survival of the state--that is a failure of our news services.
I don't see a problem with the beard either, but if you want to look younger, a short buzz, even shaved above the ears, would take ten years off your appearance.
So why did you take a job with Schick or Gillette anyway?
This woman is the Queen of Trailer Trash!
Sounds like he believes in getting the votes in the pews! Wonder if he receives communion in the pentacostal church? That would set most priests' and bishops' teeth on edge--after all they don't recognize the ministers of those sects as having been ordained in the manner of the historic apostolic faith professed by Romans, Orthodox and Anglicans.
Good point, but does that support the US persisting in a position of remaining on a charming but archaic system--particularly when it results in our young being trained in a system that ultimately they will have to abandon if they wish to take part in a global economy?
The use of the arpent was all but abandoned in the mid-19th century--it was most frequently used for large tracts of ground. Those tracts are now described in feet and inches, just as at some time in the future they will be described in meters &amp; hectares. The US will use metric, it's a question of time.
Jindal's position that his low recognition percentage when he first ran for governor account and excuse his current numbers is as looney as the run itself. His low numbers now do not relate to his recognition factor, they relate to the low assessment of his performance as Governor. Just today in the same issue of the paper as this article is an advertisement setting forth the danger of closing hospitals due to his budgetary nonsense for the last 8 years. For a guy who trumpeted himself as a health care specialist--he's significantly damaged health care in the State.
Oh, and don't forget, he's got credentials in science, something at least to this point Rick hasn't been able to match, except to believe that politicians somehow, magic I guess, can do it better. Santorum may be devout, that I can't judge, but he sure is stupid--and he proves it every time he opens his mouth!
Good look, strong. Never shave below the ears!
Boy, someone is trying to cover their A$$--but when it's as big as this guy's, that will never be a "Mission Accomplished." Too much on record jingoistic BS to cover up--he's in it up to his neck.
This "Grover Norquist" pledge is effectively a violation of the Governor's and Legislators' oaths of office--and dishonest because they are following a "law" that has never been approved by the people &amp; electorate of the State of Louisiana.
Not an issue--and if you shaved your head, rather than tight buzz it would also emphasize the beard.
Game not over, looks good and goes well with the clean scalp.
So you guys at Faux News now propose that one crime forgives another? One crime, the pedophilia, was committed on a minor, the other, extortion, was committed by a guy who had been wronged and may have thought he had no other avenue to regain something of what was taken from. Hastert--jail, victim, suspended sentence.
Nice twist--and, in a bench trial--the creative discretion of an artist judge might just see it that way!
Wake up Republicans and Americans--Wolfowitz and the jingoistic neo-cons have a new spokesman. They are itching for another old man's war and young persons' fight.
He's a "Bush" retread with the same advisers such as Wolfowitz who took this Country into an unnecessary war that cost the lives of thousands of America's young on the battlefield, trillions of our treasure, and hundreds of thousands of Iraqi civilian lives--and left us with a huge mess that will take decades to resolve. So, maybe it's the electorate, and the Republican electorate at that at this point in the cycle, that is saying, "Fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice, shame on me!" He'll never overcome his high negatives with Democrats and independents necessary to actually win--albeit, a characteristic that is universal among the current crop of Republican wannabes.
Okay, he also pro-life (i.e. against a woman's right to control her own body and have an abortion if she and her physician believe it is in her best interest) so is the real message here, "If you get pregnant without benefit of clergy, you can't get an abortion because I need to and think society needs to humiliate you because of your pregnancy!" I can't interpret this any other way, and it's sick, demented and disgusting. Picking up his stones like a good extremist Muslim, oh, I'm sorry--how does he tolerate that with his Roman Catholic "faith?"
Good environment! But, don't they let balding guys with a serious receding hairline keep their hair? Those guys are more likely to contaminate a patient with falling hairs!
An he opposes a woman's right to make a decision about abortions with her physicians! Sort of makes a bizarre if sick sense--the woman would just be denying Jeb Bush of his ability to feel superior--a Bush family trait, and totally unsupported by the facts.
Perfect Republican "neo-con" response--and the reason the party has lost (albeit many by defacto expulsion) any sense of moderate politics. It's red meat to the extreme right wing.
No, not home, please someone keep this twit away from LA, he's done enough damage!
Amazing, Faux News out in front with "hard ball" questions like this: *"Fox News poll asked voters which presidential contender they would most (and least) want to spend their summer vacation with."*
Well, in addition to napkins, the obvious, get some clear unflavored Chapstik, apply it before you eat, it will hold that great stache pretty much clear of the meal, but later will relax and let you enjoy its natural great shape. Don't trim--there are just some "taxes" you have to pay when you're blessed with a great beard &amp; stache.
It's only going to get better as it matures--all available hairs in growth cycle will probably be at "beard length" by six months--great now, it will be a fantastic growth then. Why did you wait so long with such great genetics to move into the bearded life?
For guys who have male pattern baldness and those who just like the look, facial hair is a good balance. Too many times without some facial hair there's just too much skin. Looks good, have you ever tried a full beard? Keep up the good work, and remember, no shaving below the ears!
The "H" in his father's name was for Hypocrisy and his boys got the full dose!
What is it with the Republicans--one side of their mouth spouts financial responsibility, then they support someone who has not proven that he can manage his own finances, whose best job to this point is on the political tit as an elected official. Please, won't you Republicans pick one goal and stick to it?
I think that is a common thought for guys who haven't ever let their beard grow. It really takes three to six months to see the fully mature beard, so what you've got now are your assurance you've got a great beard and you can achieve whatever goals you want in the bearded life. Beards are patience.
This view point ignores the reality, sort of like the fact that the world is a globe, that health care has changed and it's not going back. From the ancient Greeks we know that you can't step into the same stream twice--but these so-called conservatives (actually reactionaries, quite a different thing) seek to do so. So the US isn't going back to insurance dominated health policy that assured profits not health, and the largest proportion of uninsured in the industrialized world. There's a long way to go but rather than looking for a way to undo things, they should be looking to improve and expand benefits, directing their attention to greedy interests in the health care industry, i.e. drug companies including their cohorts the compounding pharmcists and medical device manufacturers, are reaping immoral profits rather than providing for the improvement of health in the US.
I don't know, that for me recalls the aphorism sometimes attributed to PT Barnum, "There's a sucker born every minute!"
Excuse me Mr. Santorum, but when you say, ". . .we probably are better off leaving science to the scientists ", all I can think of is "Physician heal thyself". Mr. Santorum you are not a scientist, so leave the science of the earth alone--your comments are worthless.
Disappointing softball interview--wonder if it was prearranged? Usually de Spiegel is a very thoughtful news service and has had excellent articles and interviews. This one was far below their standard.
So, this state is so dangerous that its citizens feel they need to carry guns--what happened to the protection assured by the Texas Rangers? Makes a person think twice whether they'd want to visit such a potentially dangerous place. What if maybe, h_ll not maybe when a pistol packing citizen doesn't aim right and innocent people, including children, are killed and maimed. Why did they let the state deteriorate to the point they now feel guns are a necessity in public places?
Like I said, when the people of Texas think their state is as dangerous enough to need guns as you obviously do, I think twice whether I want to go there.
Hmmmm, almost a malapropic type of answer--it's those Bush genetics at work. So, causes me to worry he didn't really learn much about Iraq, another disaster a little closer to home for Jeb than Picket's Charge.
Well shaving above the ears is no problem, but Mother Nature may have already done the heavy lifting.
Yeah, old idea, but reality is somewhat different--in the attached a man with a weapon at a wedding reception--obviously advocating his what you so bliethly call an "inalienable human right" has "protected" no one--and these are the usual instances, not the exception. I truly hope you don't shoot yourself or someone you love, but that's the game and chance you are playing with. Wake up to reality--life is not a TV show or action movie. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3069255/Sheriff-s-deputy-dropped-gun-Kentucky-church-wedding-accidentally-shot-MOTHER.html
Better be a Hell of a show, it was a Hell of a beard!
This will last until the NC hospitality industry realizes that they are passing laws that cost them money in room rents, reception fees and all the money spent on such activities. It's nice to talk "morality" but when push comes to shove, it's money and that's why over and above the legal issues that this is a law that will not be enforced.
A Freundian slip to refer to himself in the third person! And, my take is someone needs to give him a quick update on different, particularly since he's gotten the same neo-con jingoistic advisors. Fool us once, shame on you, fool us twice shame on us--Jeb, I don't think the American electorate is as stupid as you seem to assume.
http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2013/01/pro-gun-myths-fact-check
Well, by those figures, it's safer to pay the price for a ticket to Hawaii! But the advocates for unrestrained guns of all sorts, including assault rifles, these figures are just part of a big plot to infringe on their rights.
When you write, "That's Mother Jones, which is *hardly unbiased* and then cite a shaded article by Cybercast News Service I am less than surprised at the slant of your source. Finally, I hope, we can conclude, the we're not going to have any influence on each others opinion. And, be assured it doesn't ". . .seem like [you're] beating up on [me.] You haven't.
The voters not only recognize his last name, but more critically and detrimental to his cause they recognize that his advisory group is the same as his brother's, a group of neo-cons whose malfeasance brought this country needless involvement in Iraq and a jingoistic foreign policy that is diametrically opposed to the will and judgment of the electorate at large, no matter what the ultra-uber-conservative leanings of the caucus attendees in Iowa.
Relying on a source such as cnsnews.com, you state that "Mother Jones, which is hardly unbiased". Amazing! I don't need you to worry about "beating up" on me, nor granting me a "handicap." Your views are part reflective of the "über-con" reactionary right that has splintered the GOP. So, let's end this. Your prepackaged cns style responses are no better than FAUX News.
And, until now at least, neither "side" can come up with a workable proposition that results in less violence and death and injury to persons, particularly by-standers. Maybe people talk "at" each other too much and not "to" each other enough.
Don't use one.
Best review of this speech is from Der Spiegel, and you don't need to understand a great deal of German to understand and see how this pompadoured combover is regarded abroad, *"Donald Trumps Präsidentschaftskandidatur: Ich, ich, ich!"*
Worthy of Molly Ivins, she would approve. Nice play on the concept.
Okay, so climate change does and will effect the worldwide economy, but to call it "economic policy" as the Hedge does here, "I don’t get *economic policy* from my bishops or my cardinal or my pope,” may just be a malaprop from his Bush family genes, as well as saying he has "bishops"--most people respond to one--or he may have meant, 'my Church's bishops'--who knows with that family's abuse of American English. The Pope is speaking on environmental issues. It's obvious that the Hedge, and many other Roman Catholics are Buffet Catholics, picking and choosing which and when to adhere to Church doctrine. Additionally, the Hedge may pick and choose for public opinion purposes--yes that's snide. When a Bush, in this case the Schrub's brother--the Hedge--speaks, it's for convenience, personal convenience and advancement. He could care less about the validity of the concerns. But then he also originally said he'd make the same decision as his brother regarding Iraq, until the Hedge hedged his comment.
Good growth--I would bet you're really comfortable now.
Jeb is trying to sound Republican, all the privatize, raise retirement benefits, etc., all are just evading a very equitable, simple and effective solution--remove the cap on earnings subject to the SS tax, and bingo, it's solved. But, oh I'm sorry, those guys who would pay more are the 1%ers who pay Jeb, aka Hedge, to do their bidding.
You're either very tall, or spend a whole lot of time looking up. And anyone who would mention that considering the great density around it are sort of weird to me.
Sounds like he wants to do exactly what tenure in colleges is meant to prevent--control the content of college curricula in Wisconsin. This guy is a conservative seeking to impose his views on the system of higher education in his state. That's not good for the reputation and quality of education in those institutions.
Where's the logic in that? This gun, an inherently and purposefully made instrument of deadly force, was sold to a person with a criminal record. If you want to blame someone, the manufacturer &amp; sales shop are more logical defendants.
There is a line of legal decisions that impose tort liability on a person who knowingly and purposefully puts an item in circulation that they reasonably can expect to cause harm to another person. Although gun ownership is currently interpreted by the SCOTUS "protected" by the 2d amendment, that right to own can carry with it responsibilities without violating the Amendment, and those who sell or put into commerce such items may also be made liable by the courts. To this point that has not been done, but as these atrocities multiply the pressure on the courts to do so will only increase. Concomitantly with such decisions, insurance companies will exclude coverage for liability, including the cost of defense for claims made under that concept--even before liability is actually imposed. The current situation is insupportable and must ultimately change--it's only a question of time.
