No. Entry level starts at 23K. What that actually costs may well end up that much with benefits and such.
Weiters has an assload of service time, if he is healthy he is on the 25 man roster. Period.
Was going to mention that once you go over 20 amps there are a whole lot of different nemas in just the us.
Well. Processing Power Would have been better, yes. But have you ever considered that the rules of thermodynamics in the real world may be such that the thermal energy from humans consuming food is more efficient than just burning the food would have been? The laws are different here, IN the matrix, but that is because that is what the machine overlords want us coppertops to think.
That is correct rounding. 2/3 is .666666666666666666666666666666666.... Well you know. 6 is above 5, rounds up. 1/3 is .333333333 3 is below 5, rounds down.
To be a wife beating utility infielder in the Os roster you need to hit better than .208 . With Hardy back, and Pierce at least capable of playing 2B, culling the herd was gonna happen sooner or later.
Popped em with my lips.
If you have a gmail custom domain you can do similar things with the wildcard address... I have a filter set up on the catchall that forwards and deletes all mail to xxxx-ZZZZ@cusromdomain.com to xxxx@customdomain.com, where ZZZZ is any string. This is like using the +, but + is hard to stick into web forms.
Excommunicated people are by definition already excommunicated. "barred from receiving the Eucharist and from taking an active part in the liturgy" does not bar them from"going to church".
Not really.
Been using family Italian as dressing and Marinade for years.
Free Reimold
Glad to see the back of Salazar.
Sam is now 23.
Yes.
Well he has me beat. I was in 6th grade and watched it on TV.
Shockingly the US does not have a consistent message in this regard. We have often expressed annoyance with Japan for not doing things that were expressly prohibited by the constitution that we wrote for them.
Yes, we made sure that we gave Bin Laden his first demand as soon as possible. Step 1 - Cut and run.
The war on terror is everywhere.
We can however immediately capitulate to terrorist demands.
Judging by past experience, we would do so after asking permission from the Saudis, then immediately invade a completely unrelated country.
We should thank the Baltimore Sun, for essentially biting down on the warehouse idea and never letting it go. It was originally just one of a few ideas, and they refused to show other designs when discussing the park. We can also thank Janet Marie Smith, Herb Belgrad, Larry Lucchino and William Donald Schaefer, all of whom were smart enough to realize that 45,000 good seats in a beautiful ballpark are better than 65,000 in a new Commiskey clone.
If the Saudi's tell us too.
Because I am 4 joke comments in. I will however give my honest appraisal of the events that led to the US leaving Saudi Arabia. I can do this because while absolutely true, it is utterly laughable. Bin Laden starts to seriously gather resources to attack the US. His main issue is US bases located within the "Holy Land" of Saudi Arabia. Bin Laden is detained , US, at the request of their good pals, the Saudis, permits his release. Bin Laden organizes truck bombing of the world trade center. Bin Laden arranges that Black Hawk down thing. US stops getting troops on the ground, just in time for that Hotel Rawanda thing. US gets a good lead on his location, attempts to murder him with missiles. Move is widely mocked as an attempt to hide the fact that the President likes fucking interns with a cigar container. New US administration, even chummier with the Saudis but not as likely to fuck interns with a cigar container, stops tracking Bin Laden to concentrate on Iraq. Saudis are mostly pleased. Bin Laden takes a second, far more successful shot at the world trade center. Unable to blame the attack on a non-Saudi national due to overwhelming evidence, the US sadly attacks Bin Laden's allies in Afghanistan. Poised to overrun Bin Laden's base, the US agrees to a moronic cease fire, giving Bin Laden time to escape. With Bin Laden missing, but Afghanistan mostly Contained, the US ,based on sketchy and later demonstrated to be clearly fraudulent data, attacks one of the only two nations in the middle east where Bin Laden has no support, with vague promises to get to the other one later if they can find a few extra trillion. The US moves its troops out of Saudi Arabia, the only nation with actual government ties to Bin Laden. 10 years later, socialist muslim president shoots Bin Laden in the face. The end.
We need to pack him in bubble wrap for shipping.
I suspect for now we put Schoop on the 60 day disabled, he has been out since mid April.... I think that Pearce is gonna need to trip in the dugout and go on the 15 day disabled though. Peace is either hurt or a .199 hitter and neither of those is gonna stick. I think Parades and Navarro are our backup infielders until Schoop comes back.
He's hitting a lot better than Pearce. We have another year of control and gave up prospects, Snyder isn't leaving here hitting 260.
No, this time I have faith.
Well, it was more like Oliver begging Batman for a little piece of supes.
Six full seasons and an all star game.
Since Andy MacPhail didn't get the job.... Is he a potential replacement for someone who wants to be in Toronto?
Best 25th pick since Mike Trout. Maybe.
I always knew it would come down to you and the big blue school boy.
Whatcha gonna do. We lost 4 games by 6 runs. It hurts that the pitcher we sent to Boston is doing better than Harvey, Bundy and maybe Gaussman but dems da breaks. At least we didn't trade Yoenis Cespedes. I am almost hoping for us to suck into August, Having traditionally crappy teams like the Astros and Minnesota doing well means there is some opportunity to loot other teams high draft choices.
What did Cleveland ever do to you? I am hoping for Lebron to cary the team on his back to get Cleveland a trophy, I am a sap for happy endings., and have zero irons in the NBA fire.
Lets rough the kid up. He's a rookie with two wins, not Sandy Koufax.
We selected a pitcher named Garrett Cleavinger. Cleavinger pitching to Clevinger is all I ask.
I find myself oddly excited about Reimold. I sat next to his wife on a flight once, they seem like good people. Nice kids. I would be delighted if he ends his career with a few great seasons. Not only because we kind of need him to.
I would like to order a soft liner to JJ, please.
Robo-koufax or Zombi-Koufax?
Tantrum Please.
That bounced on the line.
Incredibly, I think Zach is better with runners.
I suspect our last 7 game win streak was in 2012.
1
1 Unassisted 3 unassisted.
Stand up.
Hmmmnnn.
No Tommy.
Exhale.
Pitching won. 9 zeros up there.
YESSSSS
I want #3
I don't need to see it every 5 minutes.
Handed the ball to the kid. Man.
Please god, I don’t ask you for much, okay that was a lie, but please let Reimold stay healthy for a a few seasons. He is a nice guy, do it for him.
Gonna need your schedule for the next 4 months, you are going to need to post something critical before every Reimold at bat for the rest of the season.
Maybe cry a little in private. Call his mom. Cure cancer.
Because it doesn’t autocorrect to waters or parades.
Strikeout, DP. NOW.
He'll save every one of us!
Mannnnnny!
Yesss, let your anger flow.
Manny. That was badass.
So... Slow runner on first.
Grrrrr.
For future reference, I prefer a less stressful game.
Hot dog eating hall of fame maybe.
That was one for the highlight reel.
Bring on the Yanks.
The one time I went to a game at Fenway, back around 1988 I would say, I saw a guy throw a cup of beer into the face of a foul-mouthed grey haired old lady. She was wearing a Yankees hat in the bleachers so she may or may not have been asking for it.
Ahhh.
I peed myself with that foul down the line.
Hail Mt. Saint Josephs high, hail alma maaaater...
Wild pitch stole an RBI from AJ.
I want 2 more.
Lets beat up the penn, got 2 more games.
I love how Tex still gets booed.
Hail Alma Maater... Thy sons are we...
Did the PA just play the price is right sad trombone for Tex's error? That is so disrespectful. I love it.
No need to finish the sentence actually.
Steal Home.
I think Buck is still holding a grudge.
Why not both?
FIGHT FIGHT FIGHT
So. Bud Norriss tonight.
But a wedding cake is a wedding cake, it is a service that they offer. It is white, has hard shellacked icing and tastes like crap. By your logic they can say, "We refuse to serve black WEDDINGS." Or more to the point, "We refuse to serve interracial WEDDINGS." Because the language around interracial marriage was pretty much identical in the 50s and 60s.
Anarchy is the most unstable form of government. Make your own site and hang out there. Call it 4chan.
I suppose this breaks down on what people think being gay is... is it a continuing choice to fuck someone of the same sex, or is it just the way someone is? Nazis chose to be Nazis, whether it was the cool uniforms and iconography, loving Germany and hating jews, or simply being afraid not to be. So refusing to deliver to Nazis and refusing delivery to gays are pretty different things. An exciting story though, "Hans Ackermann, White Rose baker."
He is signed to 2018 with a club option in 2019, so, not a rental. His salary is 20 million a year, and the Phillies aren't going to pay any of that. Keep in mind though... This is considered TEAM FRIENDLY. I definitely want no 3 months rentals, but it is at least worth considering, especially if we move say Norris or Chen. Or both and bring up Gaus as a starter. They want prospects and young players for a rebuild. We can't give up too many, but a proven ace is one of the rarest commodities.
Taxi Squad... who gets the shoe dropped?
For Sale: 1 case of champagne. Still cold.
Hitting a deer is bad, hitting an oak tree is much, much, worse.
We were soooo bad in 87. This was the season we started 0-21.
Not a dong, doesn't count.
Pearce is gonna be bummed.
It is too bad we took Davis out, he is the logical counter. Instead we will put in tommy Hunter, who will allow the Phillies to tie the game up.
Parmaloo parmalee. I think that was an out but reviewing it would be a bit rude.
He has put up the only 0 frame so far, so pretty good id say.
Reimold in for davis. Parmallee playing first.
