oh, an atonal degenerate noise fan who is also a satanist. what a living cliché...
that's a lot of bums. is it atonal?
ah, the marvels of tonal music :)
true, it's all noise - who cares? :)
early music to me is music played in dry turtle shells
did you know the acoustic guitar in portugal is called viola and in brazil violão? they are so not from the bowed strings family...
I was not there, so I don't know. But this account might help understand Horowitz view: &gt; Rosenthal's usually malicious wit was legendary. When he heard Vladimir Horowitz blaze through the octave passages of Tchaikovsky's First Piano Concerto at his Vienna debut, he remarked: "He is an Octavian, but not Caesar." from: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moriz_Rosenthal it isn't enough to be a great artist, it's always accompanied by vanity...
it's a device for certain moments where sustain is needed. As a simplistic view, you could press it at the beginning of a compass and release it briefly just before the next - you end up playing your foot to the rhythm of the music. But that depends and it should sustain notes as long as it's part of the same phrasing or key. but when you're learning the piano, keep it clean without the muddy overtones from the sustain
beautiful. I'm still to explore more symphonic Tchaikovsky. I've used to play a piano reduction of this movement, very well-known.
I was about eleven when I found my dad's old vinyls and among them a few classicals from a collection, including Beethoven's fifth, Chopin's Nocturnes and Tchaikovsky's piano concerto. He's never been that much of a fan, more into folk and rock.
guess buccaneers already plundered it...
what would you expect from a bunch of whiny kids? Too bad most of us who are old enough and willing to actually discuss about games we love have mostly lost time to do so due to that damn real life...
his famous serenade. Originally a lied.
is it more obnoxious than "singers" talking in the same monotone rhythmic pattern? that said, I truly don't care for vocal music much, even the ones where the singer is used more like a musical instrument and less like a criminal thug.
Biber will get old too.
&gt; I have memories of coming home, going straight for the computer, and then listening haha, to think I was born before the internet and used to listen to music on stereos...
haha, read that as Music for 18 Magicians
FYI, that was the jump from AC IV to Unity
just so you guys know: I haven't played it at launch time because of all the fuss and crying. However, it was on promo some weeks ago and I bought it to play after finishing Uncharted 4. I have to say I'm very positively impressed. Both by how this is the best downgrade ever and by all the whinning GTA fans can generate when pissed by newcomers. seriously, WD is in some ways more impressive than even AC Unity. At the very least, it has a large urban city that feels alive with both traffic and people in the streets, while GTA V was pretty empty... and the grass! the hills are alive with grass and trees extending to the horizon. TW3 cries... now I see from where The Division took its engine and made it better... I think it was the DOF with bokeh that made the most cries about downgrade. Or the lack of it in the finished product. There's no use for it during gameplay. Some PC bozos came up with one in a mod to show off but these same pc bozos are the ones that hate the most "blurry" backgrounds LOL
how about Bach's other partitas? How about his violin concerto? I posted an Adagio from it a while ago. Then, there are his Brandenburg concerti grossi. what exactly do you seek? Baroque music? solo violin? in either, Vivaldi excells, as do Corelli.
is that you, bennevis? :)
aren't joy and melancholy a trademark of Chopin?
there's always a moment like that, no? I used to listen to classicals in old saturday morning cartoons, but never bothered enough. After Michael Jackson's Thriller phenomenon got me hooked to vinyls, I began searching for new music and a lot of this was truly old and marvelous music. :)
the Rossini one still sounds great, but 1812 is truly terrible... the best part of it was La Marseillaise and the worst the cannons.
fiction is better than reality. Amadeus is a great movie precisely for this. It's not a documentary on the life of Mozart, but a reflection on the worth of art, on mythmaking and on the dicotomy between art and mere craft.
only those who dare have a chance to disappoint. by far one of the most impressive games this generation. Like Driveclub, most glaring bugs on launch have been corrected.
perhaps not a great game, but good enough to me. I play AC partly for its historical simulation and from this standpoint, Unity is hard to beat. Too many fine "Paris stories" and really, just walking about those live, insanely crowded streets makes the whole experience mindblowing.
Sonata is the main form from the classical period. Some were written before and after it, but never got anywhere near the heights of Beethoven, aside perhaps from Liszt, Brahms and Chopin. All of Beethoven, obviously. Including the ones for piano and violin. I do have a crush on the Pathétique, Moonlight, Pastoral, Appassionata, Hammerklavier and Les Adieux, but all of them, really. here's something to illustrate: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oVcdTZH7qvM Schubert is wonderful too as a high-water mark for the genre, such as D960, D894 or the magnificent D958 and many others: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ltvKcZ9U5QA Mozart and Haydn, their output is way too big and makes up for most of the classical sonata literature, so I'll give you some very brief pointers. Mozart's K545, K576, K330, K333 and K332: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dPaLcBD79L4 Haydn's Hob. XVI:20, XVI:49, XVI:24, XVI:46 and XVI:52, sure: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-KcvorkP-E Muzio Clementi, the once father of piano technique who is nowadays sadly most known for a set of beginner sonatinas, also has plenty of good stuff. I do believe Beethoven draw inspiration mainly from his (and did count them as excellent ones) and late Haydn sonatas. Horowitz loved them and recorded some, such as this marvel: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yAlUpCzrcwE Then, there are the sons of Bach, specially Carl Philip. Keyboard classical sonatas in their infancy, but with their own charm, such as the Wurttemberg Sonatas, originally for harpsichord. While the others listed above are mostly from after 1780, these are from 1744, when father Bach was still alive and kicking fugues. They are in very stark contrast to his father's style and very distinguishingly early classical in tone. So beautiful, here's one of them: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uv1J9SFcSKg earlier ones? Probably from Cimarosa and Scarlatti, but I'm still to really dig them.
is it snob not wanting to eat junk as everyone else? Then yes, I'm snob and happy for it. canon in D or Strauss waltzes are mega popular because they don't demand much from the listener: it's basically melody and accompaniement like some pop. Classical music demands a minimum of education to really appreciate, you should at least be able to distinguish one voice from another in a fugue... you may refuse to educate yourself and call those who do as snobs, but then you're left with a bland wall of sound and will call it incomprehensible and beyond help... edit: junk fans already at work downvoting to force everyone else to eat junk too. sheesh :)
humans don't find agreement even within the same race and same blood
never heard
laughable but probably has more gameplay than TO :(
how niche can one go? classical music for chiptune fans LOL this sounds like very primitive NES. I prefer the beethoven pathetique that sounds like Journey to Silius NES :)
well, I suppose I could count this one as an adagio. ;)
I agree!
possible. Italians and French were the musical masters of the day in his time and he enjoyed a lot of them, including Vivaldi and Frescobaldi. Plus, it's an Italian Concerto. but anyway, he actually included the whole Marcello adagio in his BWV 1059 concerto: https://youtu.be/AktLqY429FA?t=48m10s it was common practice in the day to copy and paste. :)
actually, searching a bit more I find that BWV 1059 is a very incomplete work: http://www.allmusic.com/composition/concerto-for-harpsichord-oboe-strings-continuo-no-8-in-d-minor-incomplete-bwv-1059-mc0002380030 so it's well possible that the inclusion of Marcello's adagio is not his doing and instead the work of some people wanting to reconstruct a lost Bach work from stripes and patches...
a very bare bones canon. no, I wouldn't call Chopin junk either. There's far more even in the most straight and simple Chopin than mere melody and accompaniment, such as long fiorituras ("solos" in pop parlance), dramatic cadences and dynamic expression than in most pop. so it has nothing to do with homophony vs polyphony. I chose the fugue just as example.
https://youtu.be/e52IMaE-3As Schubert's Andante from Trio opus 100
sounds like a very reasonable composer :) I did like that animation and the score.
fly, little bird. fly away
what is it with many orchestras today playing stand up and almost dancing? is this to attract headbangers? I suggest dropping the suits, then...
not that much into jazz, but yeah, love his playing.
yes, a very bad idea. You'll be terribly slow because you have not developed any technique whatsoever. Every new note will look like something entirely new. most people want just that: begin by some popular "song" they really like, but most probably even the easiest of these will be far beyond your beginner reach. Playing piano is not such torture. You first must get yourself acquainted with the keyboard and developing a sense of your surroundings and evenness of tempo by playing scales with both hands - C major scale should suffice for real beginner. True beginner pieces focus on the area around middle C and then progressively turn to left hand on F clef and right hand on G clef. you could use this from notorious XIX century piano pedagogue Czerny as a guide: http://imslp.org/wiki/Practical_Exercises_for_Beginners,_Op.599_(Czerny,_Carl) be sure to play the very first pieces hands separate and then together when you got the rhythm right. Also note that in these very first exercises both right and left hands are playing in G clef in different areas: left hand beginning in middle C and right hand one octave above. This Czerny work quickly steeps up in difficulty by around the middle exercises. You could slow down a bit by trying also the excellent: http://imslp.org/wiki/Les_Cinq_Doigts,_Op.777_(Czerny,_Carl) Czerny is not stupid Hanon repetitive warm up: most pieces are short miniatures in early classical style. Czerny is usually only hated by advanced pianists required to learn his tough technical exercises, but the beginner stuff is pretty sweet. He was pupil of Beethoven and teacher of Liszt. cheers
that's the videogame approach. I think it might help as much as youtube videos up to some level. most people find it hard traditional notation. It is not. It is quite easier knowing which notes to play from notation than from watching a video of someone playing. "Oh, what was the key that he played again? *goes back to watch again*". In the staff they're pristine clear. The hard part is not *reading* the notes, it is playing them. YT videos may help reproducing the exact same movements some piano played did, but by merely mimicking it'll not become clear why they did so. That is the domain of technique and you can never learn that by watching, but by doing. You discover them yourself as you play didatic material...
Bach, Rameau, Couperin, Haydn, Mozart, Beethoven, Schubert, Schumann, Chopin and Brahms, essentially. Of course, you'll be required to also acquire the *transcedental* technique os Liszt and his followers, but I was talking about musical repertoire, not technique.
definitely better than antique atonal merde
he's about as lousy a pianist as Glass and about as repetitive the italians are always fond of pure melodic beauty, not ever crazier harmonic progressions
no racism. Just stating the very obvious fact that many people view piano playing as some kind of athletic competition with no regards to music whatsoever. This horrific bland noise we can blame on Cziffra, an european. and yes, it's also a fact that chinese athletes are among the best. The Olympic games are almost upon us and they shall prove that again
I'll have to agree that Glass is a more original musician than Einaudi. I'll have to disagree on pursueing beauty or aesthetical pleasure as something bad. It seems post-industrial society has created masses of gluttons for punishment and pain, but luckly I'm not of them.
how about other Mozart works, specially symphonies such as 25, 29, 38, 40? then there are also his many extraordinaire piano concertos, such as 8, 9, 21, etc
all great authors usually quote their other works in one way or another. Bach, Mozart, Beethoven have many examples
guess he's been drinking too much of the atonal kool-aid
yes, full of illiterate emo assholes
all is vanity
of perhaps the vanilla PS4 will look worse and have lower fps rate
too cold-hearted for such warm singing :)
I usually don't look at the keyboard, let alone my hands, aside from wide jumps.
no so fast, please. I love Gould's perfectly articulated phrasings, clear voicings and steady tempo that is just right
get outta my way, Big Bro where's Big Momma?
"hey, it's Mozart's day! lick my ass!" why can't the world just end?
so all unemployed composers should thank Ludwig for that? ;)
I'm more worried about the comparison of a true musical genius to a junkie that had a 3-chord band
all by Beethoven, Brahms and Schumann
try the piano part from his violin sonatas, such as Spring or Kreutzer. too much to love there too. and Für Elise may get all the love (and hatred), but Beethoven's other bagatelles are great too
when I first heard the works of Beethoven and Chopin I just knew I needed to learn to play them. Not quite there for most of them anyway, but it's love for the whole life...
woohoo, 1080p 60fps on consoles FTW sadly, only on PS4 Neo :´(
http://www.submediant.com/2016/04/06/5-babies-who-are-cuter-better-at-piano-than-you/
I liked the Marx Brothers playing the piano stride style :)
I prefer the idea of shrinking and sending them microastronauts into microcapsules accelerated almost to light speed by several million people back on Earth pointing their laser pens far into the same point far back in space
yeah, it makes you think people would just riot and stop the lame pre-order practice, but alas, no. People keep giving away money for products months or years away that may or may not see the light of day or be any good whatsoever... go figure
my body is ready
Koji Kondo of Mario games music fame used many styles, the classic tunes mainly drawing from ragtime and reggae.
haha, I remember that
small scheme is scheme, large r7rs is a replacement for common lisp ;)
I started listening and couldn't stand 2 whole minutes. tonal, right...
but that's scheme, so it's really bare bones ;)
&gt; how so many, educated and intelligent people are unable to spot a troll? most autists don't perceive sarcasm and other subtle forms of humor
ah, the good old days of unmoderated usenet... today you're silenced for expressing your opinions... BTW, first got here following the whole lisp-&gt;scheme debacle... I used to roam on /. too...
I hear no tonalism, just loose phrasings that sound slightly diatonic-like. Twelve tones contains the whole of diatonic scales, and among the many dissonant chords, even the typical tonal chords... but it serves nothing if the music does no statement whatsoever, and doesn't build tonal tension by logical modulation and just keeps repeating itself over and over...
very bright arguments, hands down. unfortunately, it was kinda over orchestrated as people here want to listen to these musical colossi through miniature resonance boxes...
seemingly, atonalists
aylmao
then he's just a truly lousy tonal composer. Way too much time listening to birds rather than Beethoven.
wow, two pop tunes in a row from a true music connoisseur, huh? go play your sketchy blues noodles
yes, I liked that a lot. Then again, I thought the whole engine was a revamped WD engine.
LOL
CantThinkOfMoreNeutralStatement
fuck this american idea of ivory towers or pedestals - this whole every man is equal thing. That fucked up mess of a human being didn't even compose the poor 3-chord rocks his band was known for, so don't tell me I'm on a pedestal because some internets dumbass is comparing that to one of the greatest musical genius ever.
hooray, Robert! here's his marvelous Symphony no. 4 in D minor: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fSY78CUVCtE
hey, it's Robert's Birthday and Modernists Hatred day too :D
yo mama
how about signing for a subscription and helping them or actually taking a few hours playing the last downloaded score?
there is still plenty of Bach code around
LOL. spot on
I got the same vibe, yes.
try this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fSY78CUVCtE
what is even the point of trophies in such games? I like it that the fine folks behind The Vanishing of Ethan Carter have really spoiled it for freak platinum trophy hunters :)
you know, PS4 games
wow, a tonal modulation lmao
