We need more boats and navy themed stuff
That's metal
link please, and are they mudslimes
One of the earliest fanfic ones
She also has that personal dimension/demiplane thing going on, but a fixation on green.
&gt; Punakawan Semar does have that 4th wall breaking power
&gt;I once watched a cartoon where lil' Khrisna showed the entire universe was inside his mouth all along. Honestly barring my religious alignment if we go strictly alone Hindu gods have better feats/scans compared to Abrahamic ones.
&gt; this yeah, and if you compare the capabilities it gets crazier
Hoes cheated, which brings the question of why she was allowed outside the kitchen in the first place.
why did they not accept it?
good
bacon lettuce tomato barbercue, are you implying that the homosex cannot enjoy a sandwich?
Do more like Shia LaBeouf
Midnighter, he can also do social fu
his book
Midnighter easy, he can use his telescoping baton to deflect the blades and decapitate Bradley. /u/logeninefingers, nawh that's insane if we go by feats/scans spidey would murk bradley.
Pick a technopath, or a good telepath. Strangely I go with reed richards in this case.
Lucas Trent, he got this.
He is like batman, with the best armor inside his body but he always has that preptime ready beforehand. How else will this happen?
not to mention his underrated speed bursts
EU, higher everything not to mention TK
Firdaus technique
don't turn gay vlog into slapstick comedy
Not really, check the end of Convergence.
we ming the merciless now, change the title to brown peril
No surprises here, same shit happened to madeline mccann
no see, got adblock on
I can still post though.
Did she took a selfie afterwards?
Honestly more law enforcement should subscribe to Vice, look what happened to McAffee a while back
best transracial ever
Fine by me, we still haven't found the racial slur for Indonesians.
war never changes.
our very own international man of mystery
Best diet program.
look and see and ye shall find
do the thumb trick
no Idea brownmayne
Anything to do with the Nuclear article?
how about mozzies in burma? also Indonesia isn't started with kebabs, we worshipped other things before
porride, some diet shake, and fruits
Good, just do the traditional way of singapore then getting the marriage re-registered here.
and gunshots will be heard all over the streets while black temples rejoice with their ketupats
You are a wonderful person
Very sharia friendly. market it as a Masjid scheme and it would work fine
what muslim hate? Everything has good and bad, mainly I just hate some of the muslims not the religion itself.
I discriminate against everything equally here, read my previous posts concerning birdshits,crossfags, cokin, niggers,joos.homos and whatever else.
Since when did we have these kinds of things?
&gt;What kind of logic is this? SJW logic
&gt;that website turns the very mundane things into gender oppression issues you just did a neat summation of one of their tenets, great job pal.
I am just helpful that our current mentality and mob rule will gladly whip the shit out of them,
&gt;blow this up on FB/Kaskus Do it please, will help somehow out them
&gt;Unfortunately tt would have held more gravity if she didn't use the typical alarmist approach that she's taken. Truth &gt;. Society is not made to be tailored to you and your personal standards, get off your high horse. Especially Indonesia, some sheltered bitch she is.
Do remember that these hoes only focus on 1st world problems
Islam and conservative Christians/Catholics are a good defense, no need for MRA's at this point.
Bingo, dumb 'new' tourist mentality
&gt; MFW I am being the patriarchy. check your privilege shitlord
muh soggy knees
Catcalling is wrong?
Fire the bitch, and get an exorcist of whichever faith you subscribe to or whatever works. Also upvote for good topic, we need supernatural angle more as this IS Indonesia after all.
Kick out O, see what happens then.
&gt;(as if the meetup pics didn't already confirm that LOL) Thanks for the ad hominems though, they sure do put you above the rest of us brown muslims.
&gt;just don't expect women to ever want to interact with you, here or in real life I guess you do not know the people you are addressing in this topic or ever been outside to see social interaction, everyone here interacted with the opposite gender. That and even the kind LGBT folk who are part of the sub.
SocJus if femina is to be trusted, in the terms of death I see it happening under the stomping feet of FPI
still don't get why people downvote you since its for "non contribution" instead of opinion, people need to get thicker skin. And shekelmasters will do their thing,
&gt; submitted to the *empty threat* there lies the problem
&gt; They're petty, and seem to be harmless, but they are annoying. See? there is a difference between annoying and life threatening, the same shit happens to religious minorities and LGBT, did they bawl about it? My friend got called as a fat fuck in the street and he didn't care.
Not really, just weird that you lump all of us just because what a minority is doing. The mod /u/mentalocto is a cool guy who is married and you insulted him and everyone else in the meeting. I am fine with being mocked as that happens a lot here, but get the fuck off everyone else's dick. Yes, real world. Like when we do meetups or other things, you said that earlier. Infected? you just got here and I offend everything equally. Its not about you or those special snowflakes, but for some reason you take that personally. I did mention earlier that I am sexist, get the memo. Also what the fuck is up with you and gamergate? nobody talks about it here anymore, get up with the current news and stay relevant.
Don't look at us being 'above' the rest of them, the superior mentality is bullshit. Some of us do think that we are above kaskus because we use english but that is mainly for shits and giggles. Compared to the other subs we are not that different we have topics about games, plans for meetups, talks about the news and whatnot. The only difference being that we are komodos. If you expected to have rational political discourse then you came to the wrong place.
&gt;saying "lol it's SRS in real life" etc, actual conversation or thought has left the thread. That's kind of the goal there. &gt;not actual political terms. Kind of the same issue on both sides when they use words that are picked up by political parties as well
Kita makan burger
It was nothing short of comedy, and did they think that anyone is going go care when we had marriage at lesser age?
I guess they just wanted more mommies, and how does one support the Obedient Wives Club?
Preach, and haters can suck on a dick.
yeah, and will likely stay that way.
No shit man
&gt; tl;dr [FTFY](http://bettinabelongsinthekitchen.blog.com/files/2011/03/r8d75quf0t.jpg)
goddamn downvoters
you get a brown shirt
Family network
An owner of a food establishment
Git gud, and nice for our fishermen . Any word from susi?
RIP A$AP Yams
Lobotomise them
Gaming came along before those fucks were even born
Its good, and don't forget to smile. Indonesians love smiles.
But what about girls just want to have fun?
&gt; design More komodos, to represent the userbase
how about the +1 back then
Tell that to Chuck Liddell or Richard Kuklinski
&gt;[Fuck you chuck](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WKChtS2aDRY) FTFY
They do have odd practices
cept they don't play that shit, they stand and bang
[TRAP](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HMUDVMiITOU&amp;list=PLL4IwRtlZcbvNYsMrGv1QpQvl4UkbpxEE)
hahahahahahahahahahaha no, just look that the people and the common mentality
what are we looking at here?
not to mention this sets a good foundation for Hillary
Don't forget Stopman
shhhh.... man, this is why we need the patriarchy
Gays are protected in their communities here, however I fear they may get burned if they stray into the light. Being dark is safe for them, but for trans it's okay. Calling Israel asian is a copout like calling turkey asian though.
