Yes, I've had an extremely rough time playing WoW, primarily between TBC and now. My problem isn't even pug groups because eventually you hit a point even as a new tank where your competency will outshine any flaws. WoW's normal and heroic dungeons only require a minimal amount of gear and competency in playing your class and role, nothing more. My problem is actually my experience with guilds and players on the realms I used to play on (i.e. Turalyon-EU, Emerald Dream-EU and Bladefist-EU.) And I don't agree with the notion that it's common courtesy to study boss tactics, because there are lots of players who can't be bothered to do it, and because a lot of bosses have very straightforward, blindingly obvious tactics. In Final Fantasy XIV, the groups are overwhelmingly friendly and will happily explain boss tactics. The big incentive is [Player Commendations and the title and vanity item rewards they provide.](http://ffxiv.consolegameswiki.com/wiki/Player_Commendation) I'd even consider FFXIV to be more difficult than WoW in terms of its raid content. In Wildstar, the groups are somewhere between friendly and douchebags. Some will happily explain boss tactics, others will flame at you for not knowing boss tactics. That's generally because Wildstar is more of a hardcore game with a smaller community than most other MMOs, and because attacks are very clearly telegraphed unlike other MMOs. When Wildstar goes F2P later this year, I imagine this'll be a different story entirely. In RIFT... well RIFT is toxic-as-fuck, but I think that's because it's a free to play game modelled to be exactly like WoW. There's also the fact that there were several dungeons in Storm Legion (such as Golem Foundry and Storm Breaker Protocol) which were either overtuned to the point where you needed a SL Tier 1 geared tank and healer to survive or were badly designed and required you to skip half the mobs in the instance through unexplained terrain exploits to survive.
/u/psione
Is it because you're not a fan of Nicolas Cage?
They have since downgraded their only 40-man raid into a 20-man raid. Also, a very, very, very, *very* small minority of the community got to experience Datascape since you have to progress through Genetic Archives first.
I agree. That statement is fucking disgusting.
Remember when Sylvanas was able to raise the dead under her control using the Val'kyr?
Here's a good question, why do Danny and Egoraptor act like such massive tryhards on camera?
So what else is new?
If you don't mind me asking, how can the last four digits of a credit card be deciphered?
I wonder what would happen if the Bronze leaguer beat Naniwa. Would he have instantly gone to Diamond?
I'm skeptical about this entire article. Why? 1. Sepp Blatter would be absolutely stupid to even stay within Switzerland, let alone attempt to salvage what little power he has left in FIFA. I'm sure he's already in a country that won't extradite him to the United States on corruption charges should the FBI decide to pursue him. And believe me, there's quite a few of them, some of which I'm sure will happily welcome him. 2. Despite the negative publicity FIFA's sponsors are getting over human rights violations in Qatar, I'm sure it won't hamper their sales. Remember the Nestlé boycott and how effective that was? People aren't suddenly going to demand to switch over to Mastercard or American Express as a protest towards Visa, nor are they going to boycott any of the other sponsors either. Everyone will still watch the World Cup and buy the hefty amounts of merchandise FIFA makes a mint off of. 3. For FIFA to drop Qatar as a host nation would be *very* costly. Given the unfulfilled contracts and the amount of money Qatar has already invested in building infrastructure for the World Cup, a colossal lawsuit would await FIFA should Qatar be stripped of the World Cup. What I think will happen is that Sepp Blatter will evade any attempts to arrest him and Qatar will be allowed to keep the World Cup by whoever is elected after him, on the condition that workers' rights are significantly improved. Meanwhile FIFA goes through a massive 'reform' and in five years time is just as corrupt as ever.
&gt; Dedga.me I chuckled when it led me to the StarCraft II page.
Would be funny if loads of MPs resign and we see a Labour or UKIP power shift.
&gt; 9/10 "It's okay" Fixed
Yeah, the presenter of Game Theory is suffering from an overwhelming case of smug, to the point where watching episodes fill me with rage.
To access Hidden Palace Zone, you [fall down what was previously a spike-filled pit near the end of Mystic Cave Zone Act II. The spikes have been removed and falling down will transport you to Hidden Palace Zone.](/spoiler)
It's like Pokémon, with STDs.
So by 'state-sanctioned', does that mean they have to produce propaganda songs?
It's a shame, really, because the Sonic x Zelda DLC made Sonic: Lost World the worst Zelda game since Wand of Gamelon. Whereas Sonic in Hyrule Warriors will produce the best Sonic game since Sonic 3 &amp; Knuckles.
Very few international companies have wished to become a title sponsor of GSL after the game declined in 2012. Hell, we even had Hot6ix, an energy drink company *exclusive to South Korea* act as a title sponsor for GSL for quite a few seasons. While it might have made a few ~~weeaboos (is there a Korean-obsessed equivalent of this word?)~~ koreaboos want to try Hot6ix, it hasn't really impacted their sales outside of Korea, because 1) Hot6ix isn't sold outside of Korea and 2) The SC2 scene represents a very, very small minority of potential non-KR consumers.
Did I say anything critical of women's rights?
"Mmm yeah Asmongold, shall I fondle your balls as well?"
&gt; don't be a cunt? ok, don't teach and learn to google without being an illegal employee from a first world country in a developing nation. Maybe you should learn to read the fucking subreddit rules.
Blizzard should have hired Greg Fields as their designer, not Dustin Browder or David Kim.
When Violentacrez had his real-life identity outed by Adrian Chen (which then resulted in him being harassed, nationally shamed on multiple news networks, and losing his job) a significant number of major subreddits initiated a boycott of all Gawker Media domains as a protest. I even recall a very brief admin-wide decision to block Gawker Media domains, which was short lived because [the press decided to spin the whole story to make the Reddit community look worse and portray them as 'protecting child porngraphy'.](http://www.thewire.com/technology/2012/10/redditors-stand-gawker-protect-child-pornography/57850/)
&gt; We absolutely do. I think many people severely underestimate how much content we read. We always appreciate when people put in the time and effort to write out detailed thoughts or opinions. &gt; While this is a new blog, we've seen many of these points brought up before and have discussed them with development. We know these requests are important to the community and we're always looking to make sure that hot topics such as these are given the appropriate amount of attention internally. &gt; With development ongoing for ~~Legacy of the Void~~ Funorb, there are still a lot of discussions taking place. As such, we may not be able to jump into topics with definitive answers on feature requests, but we still want to let you know that the request is heard and will be discussed.
In my opinion, they should rework Snipe into an ability very similar to Nova's Heroic ability in Heroes.
Neverwinter is an ORPG and lacks massively multiplayer elements except in the capital cities. Almost all of the game is instanced much like Guild Wars. Marvel Heroes is an ARPG. I mean we don't class Diablo III as an MMO do we?
And face a bigger backlash than December 10th 2007? Not the greatest of ideas...
^[citation_needed]
Private Kim Yong-Ho rushed into General Lee Song-Ra's office in a hurry. "Sir, I'm back from my reconnaissance assignment. You *have* to see this" he exclaimed. "This had better be important!" the general shouted, offended that his subordinate had broken military protocol and stormed straight into his private quarters. "Believe me, I've stumbled upon the discovery of the century." He placed the laptop - a top-of-the-range custom-built Samsung notebook issued by the South Korean armed forces - on top of the general's desk and folded the device out. He booted up a 3D map, running on bespoke military software. Surveying the map briefly, General Lee seemed unimpressed. "This is what you barged into my office for? A simulation of North Korea?" "Yes, this is North Korea, or at least what we see of it", replied Private Kim, panning the camera downwards until it ended up clipping through the terrain of South Pyongan, situated north of Pyongyang. "But look below the surface and you will find something mind-boggling!" General Lee gasped. "A massive bunker network? Inside North Korea?" "That's what they want you to think" explained Private Kim, as he moved the camera deeper into the underground network. "This isn't a bunker at all. This is an underground metropolis, and a very well-decorated one at that." "You see those floors?" he asked, pointing towards the floors of the long, twisting corridors of the Korean Metropolis. "Those are paved with marble." "And if you went towards the centre of this huge metropolis" Private Kim elaborated, panning the camera several dozen miles north-east into South Hamgyong, "then you will find their source of power. Geothermal energy. The cause of all these earthquakes. That means it's not nuclear tests they were runni..." The general stopped his subordinate and picked up the laptop. "That will do. What you found today, Mr Yong-Ho, will change our understanding of our neighbours for decades to come. Good work" The general then paused as he was about to step out of the office. "Can you do me a single favour though?" "Yes, sir!" General Lee pulled out a revolver, and in a single motion of his right arm, shot Private Kim in the forehead. The bullet wound killed the Private instantly, and dropped his lifeless corpse to the floor. "Don't speak about this to anyone!"
[I CAN'T WAIT TO BOMB SOME DODONGOS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sj8_7OFK0oc)
My prediction is this. Automated technology is either in development or already in existence, albeit in an expensive capacity. I predict these technologies will become cheap to implement and widely available to businesses and consumers within the next ten to twenty years - depending on regulations. As a result, certain industries (such as manufacturing and transportation) will downsize considerably, replacing the vast majority of their employees with machines. Three such technologies that I think will symbolise the Automatic Age are the 3D printer, the self-driving car, and self-learning robots and I honestly believe these three alone will outperform humans to the point where jobs will disappear in droves. Due to the knock-on effect this will have, I foresee a worldwide job crisis with many careers disappearing and governments having to pick up the pieces with welfare budgets that have already been cut and stretched to their absolute limits thanks to the current trend towards austerity. With hundreds of millions losing their jobs and our 'will-work-for-food' mentality, this can only lead to one thing. Revolts. When revolts come into play - and the possibility of a global chemical, biological or even nuclear class war breaking out, depending on the corporate and political response towards said revolts - the results are going to be disastrous. Is there anyone that has done any thorough research into the possible effects that automation will have on the global economy? If not, is there room for that, because I might want to look into this field.
I think it's very plausible, considering the fact that Earthbound Beginnings just came out of the fucking blue.
Well we got a Mother announcement from Nintendo earlier. Anything's possible.
To make such a big teaser and hyping up several announcements, while playing a remix of Frog's Theme from Chrono Trigger must mean something... My guess is at least one of the three announcements: * A next-gen remake of Chrono Trigger for PS4 and Xbox One with a graphical style very similar to Dragon Quest VIII. * A Chrono Trigger anime produced by Akira Toriyama and Toei Animation * A next-gen remake of a Final Fantasy game. Most likely VII or IX.
As hugely significant as a Final Fantasy VII HD remake is and as much as Sony and Square-Enix have already won E3 with this one announcement, this is probably not everything Square Enix have planned. Yesterday, they made a load of big teasers in a [E3 2015 hype trailer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QrSH2wKh6ys) whilst playing a remix of Frog's Theme from Chrono Trigger. I'm predicting a Chrono Trigger related announcement (either the long-rumoured Chrono Break, or remakes of either Chrono Trigger or Chrono Cross) that, if Square-Enix deliver upon, will make the show floor implode with such brute force that it opens a black hole, swallowing up the Anaheim Convention Centre. I'm also predicting a PS4/XB1 announcement and release of Kingdom Hearts 1.5 and 2.5 HD ReMIX and a release date for Kingdom Hearts III.
&gt; Developer: Robomodo [It's gonna be shit.](/spoiler) No seriously, have Robomodo ever made a *good* game? If Activision had any sense, they'd put Neversoft on this shit.
I've seen Avilo play bio before on stream. He doesn't even micro his units.
I'd argue that FFIX and FFX beat that goal. You could even count the original Kingdom Hearts in that list.
I would. I love Halo but going from Microsoft to Sony in this generation has hampered my ability to enjoy the games from Reach onwards.
You know, controllers cost less than most mechanical keyboards these days. You could buy an Xbox 360 or Xbox One controller for your PC for less than a Steelseries 7G or Razer Blackwidow.
It was due to a trademark infringement, which was resolved by the time Dinosaur Planet was released, which is why Lylat Wars was rereleased as Star Fox 64 3D
Microsoft could have just gone the Riot Games route and sank a metric fucktonne of cash into their own esports league.
Amiibo is the worst idea ever and it saddens me that they represent Nintendo's future plans and are selling so well. It's a testament to how Nintendo take ideas from companies advertising kids toys. I mean the Wii U looks like something designed by VTech and the Amiibo are clearly a knockoff of Skylanders and Disney Infinity toys.
The graphics don't seem to reflect that...
The Bard would be the greatest thing to ever happen to WoW, actually. A new, unique, playable class that doesn't operate on the same, homogenized, boring abilities but rather plays like an in-WoW version of Guitar Hero? Yes please. And by boring abilities, think about the fact that almost every single class has the following: 1. Standard, dull, 100% damage cookie cutter ability that you spam when you have nothing else to press. Usually gives secondary resources. (i.e. Crusader Strike, Incincerate, Shadowbolt, Frostbolt, Fireball, Judgement, Steady Shot, etc.) Sometimes comes in multi-target variant (i.e. Hammer of the Righteous). 2. Hard-hitting, boring-as-fuck, 250 - 300% damage ability that consumes secondary resources (i.e. Soul Fire, Templar's Verdict, Shield of the Righteous) 3. Monotonous damage-over-time debuff (i.e. Curse of Agony, Shadow Word: Pain, Black Arrow, Rend) 4. Unimaginative instant ability that can be cast cooldown and resource free on a asinine ppm-based proc (i.e. Templar's Verdict, Aimed Shot, Colossus Smash, Overpower, Avenger's Shield, etc)
"Weren't D-Ream shit!"
That notion is still alive with the baby boomer generation.
*Ladies come, ladies go, I'm a revolving door. Some ladies never come back, most come back for more.* Yeah, nowadays they look like a bunch of sleazy manwhores.
Durr. Neutral special.
They also went to Eton.
Wasn't the Honey Bee Inn a part of the cross-dressing sidequest? I'm sure it'll get rewritten or scrapped as some of the scenes there wouldn't fly with a 2015 audience.
If you replace St. Pauls with Knowle West, Southmead or Easton, you'd be on point.
I'm sure they'll be tuned so poorly that anyone can face stomp.
I'd announce it after flooding the market in secrecy.
http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/tech-support/400084-razer-blackwidow-key-problems Similar to this issue, except I've had to unplug the keyboard and plug it back in to fix this issue. It has happened on more than one computer too so it's not my computer that's the problem And don't get me started on how buggy the Synapse 2.0 software is. It's probably even buggier and more non-functional than iTunes and Quicktime are on Windows... It has to be the worst mechanical keyboard I've ever tried and even a £10 membrane keyboard which you can buy from Maplin Electronics is more worthwhile.
&gt; after he smashes down my door. [( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6nSKkwzwdW4)
I remember the day when Bungie and Microsoft pulled a cunt move in a Halo 3 update and locked out 90% of the playlists to paid DLC owners (including Team Doubles, Major League Gaming, and Big Team Slayer) and forced us to buy the Mythic Map Pack and Mythic Map Pack II in order to continue playing them. All 343 really did was make a passably good Halo game with mediocre multiplayer which made MLG drop the game from its Pro Circuit. (which was a given anyway because the Halo competitive scene kinda jumped the shark in Halo 3.) Meanwhile a lot of us are forgetting that Bungie made Halo Reach, Halo ODST and the godawful Destiny which three DLC packs later feels about as complete as a typical AAA release in its alpha build. I guarantee if 343 give us a westernized Halo Online or a PC release of Master Chief Collection and Halo 5, they would've done a greater deal of service for the Halo franchise than Bungie.
I can see Morpheus failing very dramatically. I mean lots of PS4 games can't even run at 30FPS on a 1080p display. Good fucking luck rendering 60FPS gameplay on two different displays within a VR headset.
Too bad they haven't competed with Intel on performance since the Core 2 era...
In true Bethesda fashion, the game crashes to desktop at this point.
Just like how they've taken action against bots and win traders in SC2 and WoW? I thought so too...
Best: Jimmy Carr Worst: Russell Brand, at least ever since he decided to go Che Guevara on everyone.
According to /r/WoW, the overwhelming consensus is that they've only banned the offending account.
I'm saying that Riot are moronic because they will not allow a surrender vote if 60% of the players (which is still a majority) want to surrender. It leads to a lot of frustrating, drawn-out and one-sided games.
Yay, another armchair 'protest' at Bungie. They must be shitting themselves. You're a fucking idiot.
what happened with Justin Timberlake's relaunch of the site anyway?
Well that escalated quickly...
&gt; easier games You son of a bitch...
Still better than the shitty Tony Hawk's 'games' Robomodo have released in the last few years.
Totalbiscuit is a douche, not Goku.
Given the nerf to Swarm Hosts, I predict a last place finish.
Flash failed to qualify? So what else is new?
Why not just rework Snipe so it's just like Nova's Heroic Ability in Heroes of the Storm?
If they truly cared about feedback, we'd have a mining change.
He's certainly being very active and open about his (and the community's) thoughts on the direction SC2 is going. I do however still disagree with the direction Legacy of the Void is going. Some of my biggest criticisms include: 1. Starting players with 12 workers instead of 6 is going to kill a lot of low-income cheese builds, which actually made the game interesting. These days, fast expand builds are going to be mandatory because of how kickstarted the economy already is. It's quite sad, really because World of Warcraft proves that taking gameplay choices away from players equals a shittier game. 2. Reducing the amount of minerals per base by 25% (by halving the minerals on half of the nodes) is a suboptimal solution at fixing SC2's flawed mining system. Adjusting minerals does not change this but rather punishes defensive play and falling behind on bases far more severely than WoL and HotS did. This time, losing expansions will become game-ending and games will end much, much faster. 3. Apart from the Lurker (which is a very welcome addition to the Zerg arsenal), there aren't any units or balance changes that improve the defensive capabilities of any particular race. Siege Tanks for instance are even shittier and less viable in LotV than they were in WoL or HotS because now they're **HUGELY** vulnerable to Ravagers and Disruptors. If Blizzard want more players to take expansions in Legacy of the Void, then they need to give each race the tools to defend said bases. And that means buffing Siege Tanks and Colossi to fill these niches. 4. Terran in particular got shafted. The Cyclone is suboptimal, too expensive, too slow to build, and too late in the tech tree to be viable in any Mech build. Meanwhile the Liberator is a shit jack-of-all-trades, master-of-none unit that does things which other ground and air units can do 10 times better.
People didn't like the lack of raid content in Mists - Blizzard released three raids across two raid tiers, and the third one has seemingly wrapped-up the plot of Warlords. People didn't like the fact that Mists felt like World of Babycraft - Blizzard dumbed-down even more stats in WoD, pruned a lot of iconic abilities and made professions piss-easy to level to 700, albeit completely pointless to learn. People didn't like facing bots in Arenas and BGs - Blizzard responded with one long-overdue ban wave targeting a popular bot, and gave everybody a 6 month ban on the game licence they were offending on, rather than something more justifiable like a permanent ban, nuking their entire battle.net account, or blacklisting their billing details. As a result of the lazy ban-wave mentality, bots are very quickly popping back up. People didn't like having Trade chat spammed by assholes selling Arena boosts and boss kills for real world money - Blizzard didn't bat a single fucking eyelid at this practice which is a breach of the ToS in itself, and you can still basically buy your way to a Mythic Blackhand kill or 2200 Arena rating. People didn't like social media integration in SC2 and Battle.net - Blizzard responded with a content patch that does nothing except adds selfies and Twitter integration.
This game looks like an ultra-gory Russian parody of Streets of Rage. It's at the point where I'm half-expecting a shirtless Putin to walk out [to the tune of pounding techno.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ruRk1O-dH-c)
Do you ever get bored of Hearthstone?
It's because I'm not some internet famous e-celebrity that they jerk their tiny microwieners off to.
With a reasonable amount of content on release and lots of upcoming content at a reasonable price, F2P. With a good amount of content on release and even more upcoming content afterwards, B2P. NEVER P2P. Aside from in PC bangs where paying per hour is a service charge for the premises themselves, and where Blizzard can introduce great incentives to pay said service charge, Overwatch will never be a game that will justify paying a subscription fee.
http://ih1.redbubble.net/image.23313180.1943/flat,1000x1000,075,f.jpg
What the top comment said, it's far better than being unemployed, on jobseeker's allowance and dealing with a job centre advisor that tries to screw you over and get you sanctioned at every corner. As much as I feel like I'd have much greater potential elsewhere, it's just far too inconvenient to go through the hassle of applying for other jobs, somehow scheduling interviews around fully flexible working hours, and getting screwed around by recruiters all the time.
If I were MC, I'd just retire and play Heroes.
I'm willing to bet he looks like the Numa Numa guy IRL...
Checked the sidebar, the last LFG mega thread I saw was several months ago. What gives?
As with all workplaces, if you pay in peanuts, you get monkeys. Sometimes I think a lot of companies offer godawful customer service simply because they pay and treat their staff like crap, and don't recruit the numbers necessary - so I'm not surprised to see someone at your workplace disrespect the premises to the point of taking a steaming shit in the break room.
You can call me Michael Bay, cause I'd love to blow my load in your face
The best part about this is that nobody knows who the fuck MarineLorD is. He's just a no-name Terran player with a few ZOTAC tournament wins under his belt who went in, curb stomped Hydra, curb stomped Innovation, curb stomped Parting twice, and then proceeded to curb stomp Innovation again. And Hydra, Innovation and Parting are NOT easy opponents. Two of them are top paid KeSPA Koreans. Oh, and did I forget to say that MarineLorD is a French Terran, and that non-Korean Terrans are known to be weak?
To be honest, region locking can only *improve* the quality of foreign play. Region locking doesn't really affect Europe that much, because the Koreans who came over there to play in WCS EU got residency visas anyway, since you'd pretty much have to reside in Europe in order to really compete and practice against the European meta. Plus, a lot of the Koreans who came over to Europe (like Jjakji, Mvp, ForGG and MC) were pretty much has-beens that would be eliminated in Korea. As for Americans... they can pretty much connect to the KR server and experience low levels of latency, because Korea is far more connected (via undersea cables) to America than to Europe. The effect is even less noticeable if you are practising in the West Coast, hence why ROOT Gaming established a team house in California. Hence, Americans could already get Korean levels of practice if they spent their time grinding out dozens of games a day over on the Korean server, which is what eSF and KeSPA teams actually did to get better at the game, not do in-house scrims. Just ask Totalbiscuit about that. What region locking *will* do for the international scene is give foreigners greater viewership, enough money from increased exposure and tournament winnings to sustain themselves, and a chance to compete on the world stage which they otherwise didn't get back in 2014. [The idea is that Blizzard want foreigners to earn enough money so that they don't have to worry about their financial situation, and can instead worry about improving their play, which is a strategy that has worked wonders in the League of Legends scene with LCS and Riot's support for team/coach salaries.](https://vimeo.com/15488784)
Original content is where Netflix will thrive. In particular, their ability to license, dub and subtitle Japanese anime for international release is a force to be reckoned with and could easily eclipse competitors like Funimation. Sadly their Netflix Original anime offerings have been quite weak thus far. Knights of Sidonia was a terrible choice because of its boring plot, dull character designs, and frame-rate so horribly piss-poor that it would make /r/PCMasterRace cry.
My money's on HayprO. IdrA and Grubby have publicly acknowledged that they have zero interest in StarCraft II, even with the release of LotV, otherwise they'd play the beta. Also, IdrA would find it very difficult to be accepted into a roster, especially considering the circumstances in which he was released from EG back in 2013. VortiX or Lucifron is possible, but why would you forsake being part of one of Europe's best Heroes rosters just to play SC2 again? Stephano's technically retired but at the same time he's competed occasionally since, and exploited imbalanced playstyles which Blizzard would later nerf. Jinro has showed little to no interest in SC2, and I'm pretty sure he's content with playing poker and MMA over in Korea. Also, he hasn't exactly been 'on form' since 2010...
Worgen had a lot of missed and failed potential. If Blizzard: 1. Made Gilneas an 80 - 85 zone and tied the Forsaken/Gilnean war into the Cataclysm plot. 2. Allowed Worgen to stay in human form during combat. 3. Made Female Worgen look more ferocious and not like the fantasy booty call of a furry in Lion's Pride Inn. Then Worgen would have been better. Goblins were also horrible, but more-so for the slow, slow, slow pacing of their respective starting zones.
JonnyPatchzerg? That's a name I haven't heard in a long time. A *long* time.
Gotta watch this when I get home. Really wanted to see JSE defeat Sans.
Plebs
You're thinking of Shia LaBeouf...
Yup.
Remember when Dual Tournament stages used to be Bo1 back in BW?
