Wrong on so many levels. Sure, create an economic incentive so a market is held afloat, yadda yadda... but these are coral dwelling fish. You have to actually dive to catch or snag them on a barb. That kind of activity is dangerous to the coral area, possibly as much of the lionfish is itself. It's replacing one top predator with another, because those diving spear fisherman certainly dont' stop with lion fish. Also, it's probably not going to reduce the population, once the fish has a foot hold in an area.... it's nearly impossible to remove them.
Yeah, there is always some place more expensive.
I'm sure somebody has already mentioned this, but check out the IRS tax brackets. I'm not even sure what I'm about to write is true and honest, it could be a myth for all I know. However, from my past personal experience (read uninformed assumptions) I had accepted a higher paying job at another place that was wonderful. But it seemed I was actually earning less money. I was not sure how that could be at the time. It seemed I was paying more in tax, and perhaps in my insurance program (slightly). Indeed, I had transitioned into a higher tax bracket and the amount of more money I was earning was cancelled out by the increase in tax. Again, this might be complete BS, but it's something that I remember happening at the time, but other factors like inflation and whatever also cause the cost of living to increase. So it could be I was just spending more on everyday minor things, and only noticed after changing jobs. Anyways, that is also a good point. Take into account the rate of inflation and whatever cost-of-living metrics migth be available for your area. Cost of living is variable that seems different for people in different places, so look into that. Anyway, try to findout the difference in the cost of living when you started that existing cube surfing job, and then project what you need to improve or sustain what you had when you started there. Also combine that with the federal tax bracket stuff. After that, you can factor in thing like insurance, and you can get a rough idea of what your monthly take-home would be. It's a hard problem, and frankly most people just take the leap without calculations and see how things play out afterward.
I've got ITIL foundation, and it's great! I'd say it was more a philosophical cert than anything else, and it worked for me. It changed my mind on how to do things, and formed me into a better tech worker.
I used to do that, but it doesn't work. The problem seems to be that the Synology Operating System lives on or otherwise depends on... the storage volume instead of of to the side in separate storage (E.G. nvram, emmc, etc). So anytime the OS has to log an event, such as NTP, or dynamic DNS, or whatever other conveniences... it has to spin up the storage. Hopefully future devices separate the storage from the OS completely.
I always name my bash scripts: script.bash. Always name my ksh scripts: script.ksh And if there is ever any ambiguity, I've seen people even puth shell versioning info in the file name. * script.bash4 * script.ksh93 And only the posixly compliant scripts, which is a brain damaged standard IMHO, would ever be named .sh Do you really shell script to the posix standard? IF not, stop calling your scripts .sh
That number is impressive! Good for them! Achieving such a great amount of wealth is admirable. Especially via legal ways, regardless if the legality is morally aligned with the spirit of the law, or even if the spirit of the law is deluded in this day and age of multinational corporations. Tax havens are pretty cool things, and my only wish is they were more accessible to average citizens. After all it's practically our civic duty to pay the least amount of tax legally possible in whatever locality. I don't complain about other people doing a great job on their yearly tax filing, maximizing their tax returns, just the same as I don't criticize corporations for effectively doing the same thing. There is the issues of wealth inequality, which is a worthy issue that merits discussion. However it's difficult when people polarize on the issues, because the extreme polar ends of each position is too radical, and always the rational middle ground is left empty. Presently the problem is not solvable, at least not in an acceptable way. Multinational corporations always have the threat to pull their roots and HQ elsewhere. It's a gambit that keeps the government in check, raise taxes too much and POOF they're gone, and their tax revenues go with them. Similar to large multinational banks. The banks are too big to fail, and that is sustained because if we force the banks smaller, well there is always another multinational big bank principally based in another place that does not have to reduce size, and will then dominate the market. It's all classic game theory.
Yeah, there are also lightning deals on stolen canon lens from that lens shop the other day. (joking)
yep, I could. That, or an eMMC. Which is basically the same thing as an SD card except soldered onto the pcb and slightly faster. I'm pretty sure there is some off to the side nvram for storing factory reset data. That way the system can be recovered if all the drivers are pulled and replaced, etc. But it mostly does initial setup, and lays down the OS on the storage volume.
&gt; but I keep at it because I believe I'd be alone for a long time without her and am, frankly, afraid of that. It doesn't help that she's also told me much the same.. that I would be alone without her. That raised a red flag for me. I'd let her know in no uncertain terms that she is replaceable. If she really loves you, then she would let you go peacefully. The money is not an issues in this discussion, and you should tell her to continue working and supporting herself.
great!
&gt; DHCPv6 also wasn't an afterthought for IPv6 or a hold over from IPv4. Yes it was. Don't try to re-write history to align your bias or prejudices.
&gt; The thing is a few times my mother has tried to access my bank account or make passes at me like I owe her for raising me and putting a roof over my head etc. etc. That is a huge red flag. Here is the thing, you are going down the road of being secretive, and that is not a wise move. However, if still depend on your mother and/or father for anything... shelter, food, tuition, bail money, just whatever.... then you could perhaps justify being secretive. The first thing is to get a PO box for your mail, or even a commercial main-drop (ups store, etc). Then setup new bank accounts pointing to the personal mail box. Nobody is ever going to see any paper statements, or bulk advertising, or whatever might be sent by the banks or their agents. This is the critical first step. So when you setup a bank account, get one of the online accounts, and setup paperless statements. Now that mail-drop should in theory be mostly empty, which is a good thing. Because even if somebody attempted to change your address, your statements are safe. Change all your online passwords, and do it immediately. This is a tough suggestion, but it seems you are in an environment where some of your family might have no problem using your account and passwords. Simply change them ALL, and make them all be different from one another. The best advice here is to use a password management app. They usually have strong encryption, and a master password to protect all the rest. Setup new email addresses, but keep your main email. Just setup new email address on any of the free services. Have your banks use these new emails for any online corospondance. When you check these alternate emails, be very careful not to leave any traces. Don't let your browser cache the login details. You don't want a situation where somebody snooping yoru computer might stumble upon the strange lookign login details. For that matter, dont' let anybody use yoru computer, or cell phone, EVER! Those are your personal things. But if that is an issue... then if you do all the above, your devices should look clean to anybody snooping, though that shit should be discouraged as a matter of default policy. If you ever are in a position to loan somebody a bit of money, always always assume the money is gone forever once you hand it over. So always have in your wallet just enough money that you're fine to lose. When you do give money, always make a huge deal of it, be dramatic, and persistent about pay back. Always remind the people you loan that they owe you. This feed-=back loop will reinforce your resolve to be paid back, and it discourages repeated loan requests because it's such a huge drama to deal with you. If anybody ever fails to pay back, then simply stop communicating with that person, and possibly get revenge. I would also advise you to take collateral for any loan, but remember you only ever loan small amounts... but take expensive items for collateral. Let it be known you will pawn that shit. Always get this kind of thing in writing, collateral or not.... take receipts and make petty contracts. But the best thing of all is not to loan any money, I just want to convey the wrong ways and the right ways to make personal loans. You are not made of money, and you should never flaunt your relative wealth. But the problem is you will soon be held back by these people, and you need to move on. I know some of them are family and I'm guessing some friends too. You really shouldn't have to hide anything. And you shouldn't have to feel guilty for having some small measure of success. It is what it is, and that's a fact, so it goes.
That is not even close to being all of the bars or restaurants. Looks like the first page of many
Great stuff, thanks!
unless bob1 was using screen, and root took control of that session.
My understanding is the baby males are taken away to become veal, as they add little productivity to the farm, and would suck away valuable milk while their sale is a profit. The baby females are kept on the farm to eventually become productive, so those cows with female babies are allowed to feed. So it's more of a 50/50 split.
Yeah, it's really based on acyclic graphs theory, which have very graduated set of maths describing them. Once it was boiled down to a math problem it was easy to optimize. Also to be clear, git uses hashes (non-indexed data structures), and hashes of files (checksums). The beauty of acyclic graphs is they can only go forward or back, so perfect for complex sets to rev forward or back in time.
VMware works on Fedora, but the agents might need an update for 23. I'd say go with KVM or XEN instead so you have the 100% free/open virtualization solution that is just as good (if not better). 4k is really intensive on the current generation of GPU's, so you would need at least two of whatever GPU you're into. Currently Nvidia has good proprietary and open drivers for you to choose, but I'd urge you to go with the open drivers, they work very well. Yes, of course you can do raid-1 mirroring, the setup program will guide your through the setup. Fedora is a very up-to-date distro, things happen in Fedora first, and updates are by an objective measure happening very soon after upstream release. That said, the distro is very stable because of a good set of policies for packagers.
I've heard this is material from the lens barrel coming off inside. So a defect worthy of an exchange. Any new lens should be 100% perfect.
That would be raid 15, which is silly. Raid 10 would be faster without parity bits.
A script I wrote to do exactly this, but it also permutated the MAC addr, so good luck... If the badguy is using my script the mac addr is meaningless. Better to get on the switch and trace the ports leading to dhcp server, and then find out which is the source port.
I dunno... kinda split on this issue. On the one hand it's basic human decency to provide bathroom breaks at any time during work. But.... paying for that time seems unfair to the employer.... I say that because I've had to wait to use a toilet 15 or 20 minutes as to two available in my work place were taken by two individuals who were seen leaving the toilet stall with their tablets. Basically sitting on the shitter, reading the internet, having a break. So just pointing out that this system is gamed by morally deficient people. But putting that aside, telemarketing companies operate by login/logout of the phone.... a timer in the phone is the clock-in/out mechanism. So as the employee is login, and in the ready state... they are paid. So when you step away from the desk, you sign out... So it makes perfect sense to not pay for those times away from the desk. So long as the employee can do that at any time, at will, for any reasons..... bathroom or not. That seems perfectly fair, and I personally feel the labor dept is wrong in their rules. But it's not too bad, the telemarketing industry will simply invent a new phone status of bathroom-break instead of singout.
bingo
The HP chromebook with TEgra K1 has been discontinued, so you might find it for a good price. The howto wiki I wrote to get FEdora working should work the same for that laptop, so long as the right DTB for tegra124-nyan-blaze is used.
Gnome developers work on the Fedora implementation, and apparently they like the theme we have. PErsonally, I don't dislike the default at all, and quite frankly the ability to install other themes is available for anybody who wishes something different.
No, You were correct... "Right to Work" might sound strange to folks in those states, because they are low on oppressive union. Of course you have the right to work, or not work... it's your choice, not your Union's choice.
The repo meta data is signed every time the repo is changed. EVERY TIME! To expand on thei meta data, we are talking about xml files that have the sha256sum of every package in the repo. We don't want those files to be hacked, no altering the sha256sum information to something incorrect. So it's imperative we sign the metadata! I'm not sure I understand all the other bullet points. But Regarding the last one, the mirrors. We have the master copy of the repo which is ONLY made available to the top tier or mirrors with they very fast internet connection. Fedora does make a repo available to the public, but we have an arbitrarily slow connection speed there on purpose to encourage folks to use a mirror. So then there is a 2nd tier of mirrors, they also have very fast internet connections. but they don't get the distribution early like the top tier mirrors get. When a new release happens, we let the 1st top tier mirrors get the bits ahead of schedule, we use something called bit flipping to make sure nobody gets the bits. Once the flood gates open the other mirrors down the way get their copies quickly, and then the users.
This has nothing to do with Linux.
Not within ChromeOS. Fedora runs directly on the hardware. Hi, I wrote that wiki page. Thanks.
Yeah, we have a big mass rebuild thanks to the new GCC6 being added to the distro. A mass rebuild is nice though.
yeah, I was planning to use stainless wirebrush actually. Or maybe those fancy layered padded diamond pads. for sure not a standard grinding wheel. I'm hoping to get the Lodge pan rehabilitated
use play store to install Prey. Then see if you can somehow get that to work. I'm pretty sure Prey can unlock a device remotely.
I've talked to people about it, and was told nspawn was really just a test harness for systemd testing of things, but it was useful so it stayed round. This is highly paraphrased, so grains of salt or even totally wrong.
No I don't get this. ChromeOS is software, Chromebook is hardware. Fedora certainly does not run in ChromeOS, however there is context here... because Crouton, a Ubuntu spin, does indeed run from within ChromeOS (a fulyl graphical chroot inside a chrome browser tab). So I definitely get it, but I'm not sure you're fully informed. Hopefully this helps you get the implication or entailment.
Huh?
I'm afraid your so-called point is a bit ambiguous. You certainly went off on your perceived relationship of software versus hardware naming schemes. If your point was about something else, then perhaps you should have ranted about that instead.
What does this leave in terms of legal purchase &amp; ownership? In what circumstances would a ~~gun~~ riffle be able to legally have a detachable magazine? Lever action repeaters, and/or bolt action?
From what I hear, this place promotes legal gun ownership and stuff like that... comments like that just fuel the rhetoric of those who seek to repress legal gun owners.
Actually I read a statistic that claims there are more people from California now living in Austin that Texans. I have no idea if that is true or not, but I wouldn't be surprised if it were actually true, or even slightly inacurate....
&gt; A proposed bill in New York aims to require that all smartphones sold in the state can be decrypted or unlocked by law enforcement. The bill, currently in the senate's committee stage, must pass through both New York's state senate and assembly in order to become law. The first paragraph of that website posed in OP is totally wrong! The law does not require that law enforcement be able to decrypt a smart phone. The law is all about the smartphone manufacture, or OS provider, being able to decrypt the smartphone at the precise moment of sale or lease. Also the law seems to require manufactures or OS providers to tell consumers that encrypting the smart phone is a violation of terms and conditions (this is probably unconstitutional, because it amounts to compelled speech). There is no language in the proposed law that has anything to do with law enforcement issues. The law itself is structured under the premise of consumer protection, which is strange, because ironically weakening end-to-end encryption hurts consumers. The only language in the proposed law that has any dealing with law enforcement is related to who exclusively can enforce the proposed law if it should take effect, and that is state and local prosecutors. Although the implication seems clear enough, just wanted to clear this gross miss-characterization of the proposed law.
Good on you for sharing the lead, even though you didn't take it.
So apparently open carry has always been legal, so long as justifiable... I've seen a guy walk into a bank with bags of money, openly holster his hand gun. He was not any kind of armored vehicle driver, just a cowboy type looking guy. Nobody panicked, he made his deposit of a large sum, and left. I asked my teller about that, she said it's common actually for people who carry over 10k cash, some exemption in the law.
I was coming here to say exactly this, thanks! Actually disagree with the federal laws on discrimination, because they violate one of the founding rights of America which was the freedom of association. But I get it, if we have unregulated free association, we have the kind of discrimination that we don't see today... the truly repressive kind. Oh well.
So I've installed Fedora on a Asus gaming laptop, it worked just fine. I have seen some laptops recently with inoperable touchpads, but those were fixed in a recent 4.4 kernel.
Agreed. Lets not let software snobs ruin computer research.
So the unetboot part seems legitimate, but I thought Android was a free license, meaning people are free to take and modify without posting sources? There might be an attribution clause, but not anything about sources.
The terms of the GPL2 do not mandate the sources have to accompany the binary, or that they go together in the same way. The sources for unetboot could be provided on punch cards distributed via fax machines. Yes some people have tried doing that kind of thing before, jerks. Anyhow... Android is not under the GPL, save for things like the Linux kernel.
It's available in rawhide, or you can build a mainline kernel. I'll ask around internally to see who is using that laptop. I know a few folks in the project using that one because it has a lot of memory (good for VMs). I suspect the touchpad thing might have been fixed in a recent 4.3 kernel (back ported).
Hi /u/jasonMSN Does Azure have any future plans to host Aarch64/32 guests?
I agree with you, I'd rather have mandatory vaccination, and that is the end-goal I want to see in my lifetime. I think Texas can follow California in enacting tough rules from people who refuse to vaccinate. Basically no public school, or state accredited day-care facility can accept non-vaccinated children. It's very similar to what I proposed above. But you're correct in observing how the non-vaccinated are present in society, and there is nothing that can be done about that. But wrong about mandatory vaccinations, that cannot be forced either... people can go totally off the grid and avoid vaccinations if they choose. I doubt it will ever come down to sheriffs serving non-vaccination warrants to parents, I don't want to live in a place like that. For now I'd rather allow people to not vaccinate, but that would have more disincentives that weight against their conscience objections. Refusing to vaccinate would be a scarlet letter of the modern age.
Yeah, hopefully.
Weird. Why not portion out reasonable sized pieces of ham placed in freezer bags, then unfreeze them one at a time? Would improve quality, and food safety. Kinda no brainer really.
Depends on your opinion of "Free" and the bootloader.
Seems weird to install any app that is so into app permissions as the facebook app. I never did install it because I was so scared about it lookign at my address book. That is one thing I would like to avoid any app getting access.
So Googling around I found an [FDA page that lists a few emulsifying agents](http://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfcfr/CFRSearch.cfm?fr=133.179) &gt; (e) The emulsifying agents prescribed in paragraph (a) of this section are one or any mixture of two or more of the following: Monosodium phosphate, disodium phosphate, dipotassium phosphate, trisodium phosphate, sodium metaphosphate (sodium hexametaphosphate), sodium acid pyrophosphate, tetrasodium pyrophosphate, sodium aluminum phosphate, sodium citrate, potassium citrate, calcium citrate, sodium tartrate, and sodium potassium tartrate, in such quantity that the weight of the solids of such emulsifying agent is not more than 3 percent of the weight of the pasteurized process cheese spread. Has anybody here worked with any of those, and can contrast/compare the results of them? (I dont' think all of them are relevant to sauce making)
They use kernelci lately. Most of the higher maintainers have a beefy box they use to build/test every single staged push request. Automation then looks over those build logs for build warnings, and of course any build errors. IT would be unwise to dispatch a pull request to the Linus tree with obvious warnings or build failures. He does occasional audit the pulls from his top maintainers, who are supposed to be doing their part to audit the code given to them, which is a mad-house of nauseating mail-list patch reviews.
I wonder if there is any kinda of content protection scheme having false positive in the HDCP bitstream..... What kind of display are you using?
So I applaud your sensitivity to the roommate, however.... It's entirely reasonable to cook food in the kitchen, and unless your cooking is very intensely aromatic of exotic or unusual spices... then you're not being unreasonable. So it's not really about your cooking. Sometimes young people are not used to living with others not part of their own family, and have boundary issues they express in really passive aggressive ways. It can be very petty sometimes, including: one roommate eat another's private food stock from pantry/refrigerator, leaving a mess in kitchen or common areas, music/noise levels, unwanted guests, etc... You have to be accommodating, and expect a certain level of reasonable accommodation yourself. The first thing is you need to make sure your are being an excellent roommate, by respecting the other roommate, but this all falls into reasonable things and does require effort. Make sure you clean after yourself, that you are not loud or disruptive in the mornings or evenings, and that you don't the other roommates food without permission. If you are an excellent roommate then you stand on the high ground, and when you do reasonable things that receive a complaint... you can simply say "I'm sorry you feel that way".
it would become shitty as soon as one attempts cutting the cake. Would require laserbeems to cut properly.
hehe... I don't know about you but Mac'n'Gouda sounds really interesting. Id' eat it.
Thanks, I've removed this post. Clearly vote manipulating.
Fake, so not actually WTF... just makes me say "fake".
See rule #10 (removed)
I always carry bear spray when I ride, for ... you know... bear attacks..... wink, nudge, nod... The spray goes straight some 20 or 30 feet ... perfect for going in ~~somebody's open window~~ a bear's face, from far away.
See rule #5
This is not Linux related, not even tangentially.
See rule #1
See rule #1
If you have some negative perception to a word that correctly describes what is technically happening, and imply that it' usage in speech is some kind of mementic insult, as if it's not being correctly applied... Well... that is you in isolation. Call it whatever else you want, but it's a mandantory chain of trust based on x509 certs, and it prevents Fedora packages that bring extensions. There are ways we might be able to cope with the problem, but it would involve exposing signing keys in the Fedora build root, and that is really ugly. We talked about it today in the weekly fedora-releng meeting. Still pondering our way forward.
The tweek tool app is the way to configure session startup apps in Gnome. If you have something starting by other means, well... you have to close that hole yourself, as it's obviously not a standard config.
See rule #1
How is this even remotely Linux related? (removed)
Civil debts? Where did the OP ever mention that? I read about bench warrants, and other criminal warrants... but did not see any civil debt? Did you infer something that specifically written?
Yeah, but if he was still being a jerk about it... Id' have called the cops too, what else is there to do... but you're right. The article made seem that she went straight for the nuclear option, which only escalated the issue.
There are churches all over town, you cannot walk a mile without running into some church. Go to any one of them, I'm sure they will not refuse your money..... err... donations.
Yeah, and what is interesting is the context of the worst case is actually good, because Texas is in the process of resetting the way it measures performance, to something higher/harder. So if prior years were ranked very highly, then we change our own reporting standards... well of course the new bad rank was last years great rank. Context really matters.
That is probably part of it. Another aspect is genuinely safety related. But honestly it's more about protecting from law suites. For example, If a user enhances his vehicle software, then goes on to cause a fatal accident... the automaker could be sued for allowing the users to make dangerous programming changes. So, following that line of reasoning, the only way to openup the software would be to have street legal software. Meaning the automakers would have to pass rigorous software safety standards, like we have crash tests today, and a safety certification would be issues for any given release of the software. Naturally mechanics could enhance the software, but would have to pass the rigorous safety certification process to install into a street legal vehicle. This is probably the worst case scenario, and actually what will more likely happen is a bit of field serviceable things in software, changing parameters, etc... like we have today.
Interesting, but sadly my brain instantly thought about the recent Microsoft/Redhat deal where the official C# implementation would be ported to Linux for cloud stuff.
No, that's not what I wrote, and did not remotely suggest or imply that. The child has nothing to do with anything here, it's between the mother and father. The mother owns the phone, and delegated the device to her child. So from the mother's perspective the phone is stolen. That is a situation for the police. and that is what I would have done if I were the mother. From that perspective that it's insane the father prevailed in criminal court, but other circumstances we considered and apparently were relevant enough to weight the judge or jury's decision.
nope.
Or like that time people said "fuck Digg" ??
Not sure the current employer can compel a departing employee to disclose the next employer, if any.
Do whatever it takes to survive. You're living check to check now, so make the money last. Apply for food stamps right away. Be completely transparent with your friend family regarding your income, and give the whatever they feel is fair to them. You completely depend on these people, so make sure to be excellent to them, and around them. Start saving money right away with next pay check. Get your mail forwarded to new address, and consider renting a mail box at the post office. Get a free checking account.
My favorite part is the starship looks very similar to a Gabriel's trumpet. That is an interesting shape that is finite and yet not, it has a needle that goes asymptotically to zero but not quite ever getting there, so paradoxically finite surface, infinite volume. Anyways, it's subtle little things like that which make SG Atlantis really great.
This was heavily reported, and removed for rule violation. Just wanted to say thanks /r/programming readers, your reports are valuable.
&gt; ~Went meatless. Look it's not that hard. It is so much less expensive.... Look, this is /r/PeresonalFinance and not /r/rant_about_veganism, and to be quite frank this is why nobody likes vegans except other vegans. We here are interested about how to save money, and you said that on the first breath. Nothing more was required, or desired. Your opinion on nutrition is irrelevant to the point you are making about not eating meat saves money. BTW - Thank you for the tips. I especially appreciate how you call around to lower your debt obligations by simply asking.
Uh... I guess that might be a thing, but it's still weird. I mean, green soy beans (edamame) have more protein than steak. Doesn't everyone know that!
This is why we need to setup a V6 tunnel brokerage between folks with native V6 and those without. A short of onion router that does the V6 tunneling. But the ideas has a lot of challenging problems, such as bandwidth, and security. In my mind it would only work for folks in the same region, to comply with Netflix rules, but really it could end up being a huge distributed V6 VPN. The idea is most to take away the idea of blocking by V6 prefix, least Netflix block all V6
You should know the admin account, you presumably setup this device. You will lose data if you reset. Consider using your own network equipment instead to replicate your old env.
I'd rather read an actual news paper, and by that I mean real paper not the website. At least those ads I can gloss over, ignore or enjoy, and not be tracked across the internet via cookies. But then again, probably better to go elsewhere and not contribute to this type of thinking.
Hi /u/loganabbott Thanks for taking steps to restore Source Forge to something credible. At some point I seem to remember a lot of projects moving off SF as the "upstream" to somewhere else. Now Github is the popular upstream, and SF might still have a mirrored repo. What ideas do you have to invert that situation and have new projects land on SourceForge?
This is a problem with sci-fi in general. Firstly the world of sci-fi is broadly defined as many different things to different types of people. We got the Space opera types, the space marine types, the fantasy types, the cerebral types, retro steam machine types, alien invasion types, and it just goes on and on.... I'd say Dark Matter is a spaceship opera. So the same category as Trek, Firefly, Lexx, Battle Star Galactica, etc... As far as ratings go, I'd put it on par with Firefly, and that is a high mark. Well see how it goes, and I'm hopeful because unlike Firefly Dark Matter won a second season. That said one of the reasons FireFly is so good is it went out on top with only one season, it's a paradox of sorts.
Well firstly, you need to be polite but firm with your management staff. When this kind of thing happens, you must call it out, and politely request compensation or reasonable explanation. You might want to get in the habit of signing and dating your time sheets, then making photo copies, or snapping a picture with your phone. This sends a subtle message to managers your keeping records. The bottom line is you did the work, you have a wage, so you should expect to be paid for time served. IF you were working a contract that goes by some other terms, then that is different.
oh yeah, like selinux.... lol
Whoa, that is a much better picture all around, thanks! Those bulbs look really cool, are they the vintage style bulbs you can pay a little extra? I've seen something like those at my area big box home store, and always wanted to try them. Looks like a nice warm light, but does it throw off a harsh shadows or anything bean into your eyes, and do they dim?
Awesome! Can you make a video of this thing in action?
If a gym membership can be strongly correlated to persons with lower risk of healthcare expense, then sure... it's worth looking into.
I'm always amused by news about some Broadway musical. These things are nice to know about, but they are pretty much irrelevant to anybody outside of NY. Not being a hater, just saying... and good for them for being so successful, had to throw that in there.
https://www.sixflags.com/hurricaneharborla/store/tube-rentals
