you get more shards for doing electric one.
Will it fill the crater so people stop bitching about it?
You have to press enter twice for reddit to recognize a new paragraph.
Not only is it already a joke to level, that is a horrible argument. Quality of life changes are good to attravt newer players.
U wish you could shitpost on this level
Then you are arrogant about it also because to people not already maxed it is a giant accomplishment
So when he gets #1, everyone will know about it then? His aim style is very distinct, he won't hide if he plans on being competitive again. Doesn't seem very believable, imo.
I'd say kuu01 if anybody.
oh ok you're not being serious and are trolling for downvotes, gotcha
account trading is a thing that happens, so that doesn't mean anything.
not really even reading your posts anymore br0
so mad lol
Who is the dead T3 god next to Saradomin? Never seen that name before
what the fuck are these sliders
&gt;Undead Corporation YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAS BRB edit: first try rip https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XgRlQKKrC-A&amp;feature=youtu.be
nah im just slow as shit, anyone who is capable of streaming 224 wouldnt have any issue
overmapping doesnt mean its mapped to be hard, so those people are stupid.
Not sure if seri.... Ohhhhhhhhhhhh
My first thought was Seinfeld, but Friends is perfect too.
Honest question, but as I assume you are a vegan by choice, would something like the OP really bother you that much? It seems like such a tiny thing to me, but I'm also not vegan.
I guess that makes more sense, but I feel like it was still alright. We killed the faceless ones because they're faceless ones, so thats obvious, but even others like Hagara kinda fit in, since shes in the tower, should could just collapse it while we fought or something I guess?
Read their username friend
How is it. A meme comment dumbass
Maybe its been a long ass time. Dont remember lol
The combo is slightly different for each person, the 3rd rune i think.
Did you even read the article? The second paragraph mentions the 5th.
some people really need a good kick in the balls to stop being such immature cunts
Calm down dumbass LOL
Don't knock what works.
Except this is actually what is supposed to be done.
Just means hes hard on himself. Like me, only he actually has them :(
Wasnt c score like 99.18 acc? This is pretty close to that.
Ya too bad complaining wont make it stop :(
Ah
It can just become a valid alternative pronunciation due to apparently a large amount of people using it. Languages change.
So how exactly did he cheat in this one? Relax hack or something?
Pm goulet or god of pride and ask them for an invite.
I don't get it.
"Art"
Has to be some glitch
No, you fuck off with your shit. Not everybody has seen everything you cunt.
This isn't /r/funny nigger.
Peppy didnt say "do this and get unbanned". He said "do this and i will personally review your case", meaning you will have a chance.
Hefin course every time there's a vos
Is tuska wp (75) better than T50 power armor? Assuming boots/chest/legs, for general slayer. (Ironman lols)
Because somewhere along the line it got warped into just meaning "play at disadvantage always"
why is 10.3 on there but not 9.67 ???
No he's not, and if you think he is, you're one of the retards.
Yesssss &lt;3 if you haven't seen it before you gotta watch IOSYS - Usatei 2011 on youtube.
Even if this was a raid, rules 1&amp;2 faggot
Yes.
Yeah, he is clearly from Robonia.
Which is how it will be, is it not? In any case, 120 will likely be far less than 104m like other skills are since they said the exp curve will be different.
Until they get another place to go.
Yeah that's what i said..
You can't avoid getting hit, you will still take damage. He just doesn't spec you. My tips are to turn off auto retal, turn off ability queuing, and to use thr priority of: wild magic &gt; combust &gt; dragon breath &gt; sonic blast &gt; chain &gt; tuskas wrath. Pray mage and augury if you dont have SS.
debatable. cookiezi was incredible but we shouldn't pretend like people aren't going to get better than he was as time goes on.
xilver is cool guy but why are we supposed to care about his name changes
Suddenly Dende!
Actually quite a few notable scientists have said time travel is impossible. Of course they could be wrong though.
Eh, not everybody would have seen it otherwise.
That was how many years ago? And there wasn't really ever a need for it to begin with. It should be different if they implement it now.
Lol no. It may be bad but that is a gross overreaction.
A bot performs multistep complex actions. An autoclicker just clicks. Reread my post. They are *similar*. But not the same.
which I can do, but that acc is stupid. I'm talking about the slider+stream fuckery that happens twice, at the beginning and then end. i just stream through it and fc, as long as you follow it right it works but lower acc
Ironman
You can't compare this game with tf2 so extensively. Tf2 has been out for what, 10 years? Overwatch isn't even in beta yet.
What is that and why should i care
You're fucking retarded
How many stabs was this, and how many do you need for all titles?
Go ahead and add me ingame, (soulg senpai) 2160ish total on my ironman. I dont know much about f2p but i can help you out when you upgrade to members :)
Been suggested before, still support
Wtf is this item even
But that would work out for the company wouldn't it? They'd get far more than the cost of the treatment.
I don't mean that they did it, sorry my wording was a bit off. But we know about it, and have the means to stop it right now to get a jump start on fixing it, but they just outright refuse to accept that they are causing problems.
No idea who that is. But, with a name like that, I already know he's not kind to black people.
Confirmed, I can do it too.
A permanent buff that nearly anyone could get, if anything it would give more incentive to do some quests. I don't see a problem with it.
So he was on the opposing side? If so, that guy can fuck off.
Not really, because all girls are different.
Add me in game if you wanna chat, dont have anything specific to add off what others have said though. Ign: soulg senpai
eh, not really. they could easily do it, but they didn't on the good plays. everything that nero did after the star is what should be impressive.
Any kind of perfect ___ is impossible for society.
Yeah that was my thought. How the fuck would i notice this?
This is a joke right
or just press "L" (assuming you havent binded over it)
I think he meant tumblr* There is very little outright misogyny outside of places designed for it, I've noticed, and especially little here on AskReddit.. And it's not like I don't pay attention.
Spoiler: not all feminists are the same.
&gt; If you have a problem with the fact that I'm not speeding enough, which prevents you from being even more reckless than me, tough shit. i love you right now
"I can't refute that statement so I'll just vaguely insult him"
The drivers were absolutely worse in Europe when I was there. Please take your shitty assumptions elsewhere.
You should be an adult and realize that just because you think something is good doesn't mean they will. And for the record i do support this change.
I agree. But the people like the one I responded to really aren't helping anyone.
Which keeps the blood shards valuable, but the only good drop from rune dragons works the same way.
They could at least allow ironman accounts to do this.
Makes sense, support
Why? It is a legitimate account system in the game. That's like saying osrs shouldn't get updates.
makes sense since her last account had nothing in the name that implied it was Jenny. I mean, this one doesn't either, but way more than broetchan or whatever it was
how is someone "forced" to cursor dance? that defeats the definition of it
That man is the kind of person I want to be.
