AD Thresh needs to catch on
But Coast didnt even look that good on paper.
O.O
An ass that fat will float
None of the teams this split look like a complete dumpster fire tho
By that logic then /r/WhitePeopleTwitter
Im glad it didnt show their ping.
10/10 disengage.
you know what he ment tho, we all did
I got the Santa Baron if that counts
He had to have like 6 michael Jordans of sex change ops. Cause I seen these pics and thought "whos that milf?"
Im like 4 5 seconds from downvoting.
&gt;I'm legally blind POP HOL IT DOWN!
English Majors
Yes, yes they do.
Didnt make it to Ohio aswell
Pats and Giants
/r/WatchItForThePlot
Holycrap I saw these vids like last year and instantly felt improve ment in my play. U the real MVP
We got CurryShotGG and now we have GuacShotGG
Who dont got no bitches?!
This is why I quit using CV. Shits annoying
Its a fun game but I like Faction vs Faction MMOs. I like the idea of fighting "the other guys"
I swear I played like 6 dawngate games and the next day found out that it was getting shut down same with IC
Snack
my toaster cant run it
I heard Amanda Baynes turns up
but the Vi flair
Mines was 60% last season
50min or more. If a CS record ain't broken then it ain't a Jin Air game
Aye LMAOKAI
I thought this was Cortana /r/windophonematerrace
FIFA is beast even tho im trash
I need context on this.
Yep, rooting for the Cavs now
They just got a gamebreaker on Rekkles
Yea when I first started playing PC game. I tried to map everything to a game pad.
Seriously I've tried that, my hair grows too fast
I have one right now, but Ive given up on wave a long time ago. Im content with girls going "ohhh u got good hair".
I know right makes me mad that I never kept a fro till I was grown.
the amount of work put into this im surprised its not sponsored.
Medium Sean doesnt sell
CLG vs T8 in spring is giving this a run for its money tho
/r/mildlyinfuriating
I think he was flashing from Sona/Kogmaw and Malphite was just there.
Daaaaaaaaaaaaanger zooooooooone
() {} /\
What was wrong with Cait tho?
lmao, thats awesome
Their pretty good. Its just Kevin Smith diehard fans overrate his work online, then people watch em and see that their pretty average.
In mines we got to see Juliet's Boobs and Romeos ass. Fair trade
I like that movie
nice
Its an odd place
Context fuck context Lebron choked ^^^/s
Make it feel like Im the only one trying to win the war.
Well he is 17-18. Maybe time will help will help him mature
Whenever I see somebody on hoth I get freeked out
My Heat freind think wade still has this in him
Yea, I understand what ur on about. But I'll Rock with OKC til the end..... I also own too to Thunder gear to jump ship.
Call a Cavs fan a bandwagoner it triggers them.
A view to kill is a dope movie tho
"Hais not walking thru that door"
To be fair. Doublelift has never had teammates as good as UZI's
Hey Dade much Love from [/r/nba ](http://i.imgur.com/DUVxfvw.png)
Would you rather be overpaid or overrated?
/thread
/r/shittytheydidthemath.....get it
Make it
Lol thats the most Kanye thing ever.
ty, I missed it
Master P played 5 games in the nba
Literary all the music being made in the US. But most of those songs aren't even "bad". 2015 was a good year for music.
Like the clone troopers in the cgi show
at least 21
I knew what is was as soon as I seen grapefruit
I love long ass gifs like this
Me dodging the people I left in 2015
that has to be an old pic
is he really on roids? like is there a source on that.
IN Phreaks moms basement.
Ikr, she hosted the all stars 1v1s in her backyard this year.
le tucan
I shoulda know from the user name.
relevant flair
That is true. But capcom didn't always have training mode in their games until the started putting them primarily on consoles. Riot will eventfully release sandbox mode its just not necessary for competitive play but it would make it better.
But we know riot in in the business of making money a training mode stops people from trying new things and spending money.
yep, that shit is busted
Gem City on yo head
I use to make the belt wrap around my arm.
All my friends that say that are the ones who had the parents my mom didn't like. She say "she could tell they wasn't shit". And my friend that got the most whoppings said he don't plan on making assbeatings as common as they were for him growing up because fuck that shit.
it should say "New York City" tho.
I always wondered why people never say "Im from Manhattan" the same way people say their from brooklyn
I wish I coud grow a beard like that @ 23
THE SPECIAL TACTICS!
You would think the cities would devolop closer the SEA. But was more devoloped with trade with the new world in mind cool.
They did it in that movie Home.
I had no clue about sonic-gate when I became a OKC fan.
Hell Im bronze and I've done it before. Its mostly luck and map awareness.
Dankest duo in Korea?
