The Chronicles of Sharkhead McGee?
*insert that one Power Puff Girl meme about being the most evil thing I can think of*
Tis a shame once you lost HCIM status you have to burn the shirt.
I thought that was the point to leaving it in? Personally used it for hide n seek events and treasure box hiding events.
Seems like she can cut Cruor and Fumus out of the equation entirely at that point.
I've always said there needs to be, at the least, one specially designated Jagex mod to play through every single quest and jot down inconsistencies, typos, redundancies and the like.
People value afk over exp rates most the time. Of course doing it the abyss way forgoes any potential loot and other such benefits of regular training. I personally prefer Slayer or bossing.
More slots for this and the presets in wardrobe would be great. I've taken to saving my color codes on a Microsoft Excel document.
This is how bots used to do Barrows back when they farmed it by the dozen. You can run along the wall near Araxxor straight to the Barrows.
This used to be the path bots took when they farmed Barrows to the ground. It was a... strange way to go about it and I'm not quite sure exactly why they didn't put invisible barriers or at the least make the area look remotely traversable.
There's also Heist for Thief and Hunter exp, since you'll only want to do the first 3 or 4 trade offers before the prices get extremely high. Additionally, Stealing Creations might be a decent third option.
More to the point, since Cave Goblin is going to be a subcategory for Inventor will that mean all Cave Goblins will be brought to a similar model type? So long as they all match I'm fine with the rework.
You never forget your first.
Jimmy and Billy Lee support your Double Dragons.
The Internet, where dicks be dicks and other dicks think it's funny when it really isn't.
&gt;.&gt; I've done over 10 on mine with only a single whip &gt;.&gt;
Good point, I expect EVERY White Knight in the entire city to have a party hat now.
There are other options, just not nearly as convenient.
I made a post about this about a week ago because people in my clan kept doing it; the replies were not very positive nor helpful.
Added, I'll list your stuff once I check it.
You are ground type with Sandshrew and Marowaks. I don't know the third because of how that works.
Iiiii need your Snubs if you would be so kind.
I don't have the garden you're looking for but I'll check yours for you and relay the details.
He has two antlers, duh. All joking aside, just one of those odd glitches.
The search is over, you win absolute best safari owner of all time.
China is known to have a relatively high number of bot accounts, stolen or otherwise, so presumably there is some sort of flagging system that picked up your case on accident. Contact the Jagex support to sort if out.
Yes, yes it is. No actual money was taken out from that.
Ayyye added.
Buckle up because here's a story; some pre-face, this takes place in 2007-2008 and I was, at the time, no older than 13. Ever since I started the game in 2006 I've had Questing, and subsequently lore, as my primary reason to play the game; this being the case, my stats and thus money making methods until I achieved my goal of all quests completed were very lacking. Come the latter half of 2007 it was announced that Summoning was coming to the game, a skill I was very excited for based on core concepts and of course a skill cape with a wolf icon was a good goal for me at the time. As I mentioned, my money making methods were severely under-par as I did not boss or skill efficiently and my primary source was clue rewards; that is, until I discovered a new money making method in the wake of trade limits and the Karamja task sets. My new method of making money involved my close knit group of 5 friends and myself hacking away at the brush on Karamja looking for Gout Tubers, an item needed for the task sets yet uncommonly brought into the game. Each Gout Tuber was worth, at the time, between 500k-1m coins and with proper timing one plant could be harvested by every person present! We made a good chunk of change in the month we did this method, and subsequently I gathered literally thousands of mosquito proboscis as a byproduct of our hacking away. By the end of December 2007 I had amassed well over 35k of these useless noses with the assumption they were just a pointless byproduct of our gathering; I eventually dropped them sometime before Summoning came out in January 2008. Going by the prices of just today 35k proboscis is 227m, back then they worth well over 525m not to mention the GP value was higher back then. TL;DR: Amassed 35k "useless" proboscis, dropped them on a whim assuming they'd always be useless, lost out on 525m gp in 2008.
I sure as sugar wouldn't have taken until 2011 to max most skills lol. Ah well, it's funny looking back but had 13-14 year old me fully appreciated that loss I'd have been mad.
You're an adventurer with a habit of stumbling into various shenanigans during your adventure. You train your various skills to achieve various goals and to better suit the adventuring lifestyle. It is possible to take on dangerous creatures in hopes of riches, among other methods to attain wealth. At the core though, it's a quirky game with several interesting and fun quests that lay out the backstory with a load of PvM and non-combat options available to try.
Neat
My goals have been, as they were met: *Quest Cape *All skills level 80 (for SC) *All skills 90 *All Tasks *Max cape *Comp cape *MQC I'd wrap all of these together as the MQC goal was not so much a grind but a summation of my existence in RuneScape; which I suppose boils down to one huge grind with quests in between for me. It has been, regardless of it's actual existence, the over arching goal I worked towards ever since I started playing nearly 11 years ago. The fact they finally made a visual representation of my efforts elated me to my core.
Unofficial #IronLuck
The maze part of SE is longer than the entirety of CoM.
Let us be real here. PvP has been on its deathbed since at least 2010. It's time to let it go.
Remove c wars req then they can add stats.
Looks like Fallen Nihil
Having a program play the game for you.
You'll need to wait for Christmas.
Yep, Nex's voice.
Counter point, you can unlock the Conquest rep and go below it with no problems.
The additional abs are only possible through intense training and also biology breaking.
They're super common and don't degrade to dust so they have a surplus. The real question is why they broadcast.
That was implied with the use of Edate.
Peacocking can't hold a candle to actual style.
The basic set up is the Summer Fun top (though the Beachwear top can be used as well, it's the same top but closed at the bottom), Gothic Legs, and Gothic Shoes.
Gotta love to hate a smug face
GWD1 items, for the most part, are actually above 500k each and disassemble into special parts. These do not.
Only the nostalgia blind remember the outfits of yesteryear as good. They were bad.
* For reference I don't actually edate, it's just poking fun at the trend.
Not going to lie, I'd prefer it not be there. I doubt most RS players have anything more than a 6 pack... of sodas.
To each their own I suppose.
That's typically the only way edates manage to work, but good to know your personal happiness can be affected by aesthetics!
I wish those and halo worked together...
I'd kill for a tiny crown that floats above our heads.
This is strangely satisfying to see, good job.
Oddly low amount of Z bows compared to G and S.
It is organized extremely well so that may be it.
I like where this trend is going and expect to see followups!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T_jYWMUMSxE
Been making this joke all week in TS lol
Is nobody going to point out BlackWeeWee?
A buddy and I spent 10 (really 11 if you consider the 10 minute breaks every few hours) streaming non-stop Graador for no particular reason once. Was neat but we only got helmets and gloves the entire time.
Have it on my desk by Wednesday!
I just want the Guam, Marrentil, Harralander, etc. noted herbs to stop cluttering inventory when legend pet is set to pick up noted items.
I'll pull the ironman card for some of these herbs, but Ice Wyrms are a prime culprit on the higher end of things.
A good first cape; despite being comped myself I know from experience with friends who aren't as time devoted to this game how important achievements are regardless of how the current elitist mindset is. Don't let hecklers get to you.
Also just in time for Valentines day!
Didn't they disable walk and rest animations in PvP areas?
Conga walk hid items for some reason, it's probably for the best to do this with a clean sweep of all PvP activities.
It was doing it when actually equipped; they might have fixed it but this change ensures similar problems won't happen.
If its scale armour was colored with the defense cape colors it'd be a bit more RuneScapey
I'm thinking Godbirds for the color matching the theme, Runescape tends to go with the color themes.
Probably in a much darker place. The people I've met on here helped keep me sane through my early adolescence and I'm thankful for that.
Full FpF Outfit then talk to the FpF owner.
Supposedly planned for this year.
I could have swore it was on a master list somewhere but I am having trouble finding it; I'll keep looking.
Gotta find the strongest samples first!
https://www.reddit.com/r/runescape/comments/4lhh5q/tldw_187_runescape_in_2017/ This was all I could find on the topic, under Reworks it has Character Models as a topic; I'll look further because I know there was a small mention of it alongside something within the last year... I think 2nd expansion was the topic.
Afk killed a bat.
Region and Type dex sorting would be nice.
The irony since Instinct is the underdog
Goodness gracious look at the time!
I want this on my desk by April 1st
To this day I still don't understand why they didn't make all existing boots the lower value ones and make people pay for the new ones.
Literally just checked this myself. They won't be giving an exact end until closer to time. Usually the end of Jan.
The poison should be removed but the wiz given a bit more damage potential. Also combat triangle is why scythe failed.
It's easier to rally around hate than love. A fact sadly proven across the Internet. It'd be highly hypocritical if unwarranted hate managed to pop up for long without being made an example of, considering the show's core themes.
It's the type of lack-of-foresight that continues to be their folly to this day.
It's a close second but let's not forget the Pillar meme that SitW kept going for quite some time. BotD was also a comparable failure to the rest of its series, so yes it too needs a redo.
http://forgottenrealms.wikia.com/wiki/Gazer Very very common and old school monster type.
I have a snazzy Zoro from One Piece. When I get home I'll look for the picture
Snake logic; the babies are more deadly.
Would it make more sense and be more practical for all the abilities to come from Shattered Worlds? For a uniform unlock method; it just seems locking Ranged's equivalence behind Solak as to Magic and Melee coming from SW is a bit unbalanced.
http://runescape.wikia.com/wiki/RuneScape_Wiki This right here, this is your best friend.
That would be nice; not really sure why they can't be equipped.
https://puu.sh/z3sfG/05d71c45ab.png I remembered this, a bit late but ye. https://puu.sh/z3sh0/e1e76afffd.png
What is this, a Bojack reference!?
Isn't that one on a timer? Are you thinking the MEP2 ones?
