I think it's much more interesting to see more historic actors/movies rather than recent ones. We all know how and when Paul Walker died so it wouldn't be as meaningful IMO.
¿Que de queso?
I think these arguments can be effective and I've used them myself, but there is a danger in the fact that people can take what you've said and advocate for forced prison labor, to pay the $300,000 prison bill, and barring convicted felons from obtaining government assistance. All it takes is a handful of politicians to partner with some corporation and say "look we've got these prisoners working for free and, through the sale of their products, we are running a budget surplus. We're keeping the criminals locked up *and* saving the taxpayers money!" Cue re-election.
http://chuckpalahniuk.net/files/nerds-hairpie-1.jpg
But on the other hand how many of them would have turned out to be the new Hitler? Again, we will never know. Personally, I think it's up to the individuals to decide. I would never ask my girlfriend to get an abortion, but that doesn't mean I want to make that choice for others.
That seems to be an issue of lenses though. I mean you *could* put an iPhone up to a telescope and take a clear picture of another planet.
*My cousin and I touched wah.. wie... wien.. My cousin and I touched weiners*
Cheap toilet paper/paper towels. You might save a couple of dollars, but you'll go through it twice as fast. Plus Charmin feels amazing when compared to the cheap competitors.
Followed by /r/LegalAdvice
But it's worth five *hundred* dollars in savings!
I agree. I mean for all we know this could be completely fabricated. "Oh yeah we *totally* found and took out HQ with our SpyWhiz 3000 machine."
It's not as if these are large scale uniformed battalions, like the Redcoats, that we are fighting against. These are just a bunch of everyday looking people with a shared ideal.
*"Yeah I'll take a venti Sharia, half-caf, no whip, with a splash of western perk."* That'll be $4.75. Please pull around to the first window.
If you listen closely you'll notice that Disney's goes "ding ding ding di di ding ding… DING… ding ding ding di di ding ding" while Ghosts n Stuff goes "ding ding ding di di ding ding… ding ding ding di di ding ding." It's not the same.
http://rs196.pbsrc.com/albums/aa33/triplejumper18/seinfeld-high-five.jpg~320x480
Yes I am well aware of the costs. I only spend about $150 on gas per month. Rent alone would cost $300-$400 more. So even if I walked to work, I would still be spending at least an extra $150. I also work a compressed week, so I only have to commute 3-4 days per week.
Thank you! It seems so much worse that this is all occurring in /r/funny. Jokes about stereotypes are many comedians bread and butter, but apparently that type of humor is not tolerated here. This is what I'm reminded of while reading some of these comments: https://youtu.be/fjIuPSuYSOY
Fair enough, I can agree with that. I didn't even find the joke to be that funny, but the guy/girl doesn't deserve to be called a racist (especially in a tone mocking the mentally disabled - wtf?).
Found the slow, passing-lane camper.
Drugs can really give you a window into a different level of consciousness (I'm looking at you, psychedelics) and open your mind to new things. Also, they're fun.
Come on, honestly try to put yourself in his shoes. How would you feel if your wife and kids died and you felt someone was responsible for causing it?
God damn that bee shit. The property next to my girlfriend's work has a bunch of hives on it and the cars there get **covered** in it. That shit doesn't come off!!
To be honest (and in my opinion of course), all cable news networks have devolved into Jerry Springer news. It's all heads in boxes yelling at eachother or faux-scandal outrage.
Either that or /u/AWildSketchAppeared
It was 4 touchdowns for Polk High to be exact.
Like Groot and Rocket?
*I'll take you to the candy shop. I'll let you see what I got...*
Has anyone else seen The Adventures of Baron Munchausen and think the Minions are a direct ripoff of those miners near the end of the movie?
That's what I was thinking too. Is he also using the table as leverage?
Multitasking/split screen was on my stock S4, S5, and Note 4. Reading this post makes me feel like I live in an alternate universe. I'm assuming this feature must be a Samsung thing?
So does this mean that it was really Obama who invented the internet?
I think he was scrounging for gold.
Goddamnit this describes my electronics instructors perfectly. Apparently you should already have a degree in electronics before taking any classes.
Dude can't afford a house with those monthly Lambo payments. He just lives in a garage with his books and Lamborghini.
Jeezus, someone get that woman a cigarette!
That will only get you through one season. Better buckle in for the long haul!
How do you figure?
KITT's. And they can all come with an autographed headshot of David Hasselhoff.
They're *always* trouble.
Yeah then when the chronic high-fiver took off running, I was expecting a chase scene.
https://youtu.be/yfI3vB3InHs
I came here to find this out also.
Well grandson, sit down by the fire and let me tell you a little story...
It's back up in Oregon!
They should just move it all the way forward and put it over the screen.
I think one problem with these questions is that people are assuming that a computer has human-level reaction times when they are several orders of magnitude faster at reacting and calculating different scenarios for avoidance. I think an autonomous vehicle, with their array of sensors and other inputs, would see the problem coming well before a person would even know what's happening and react accordingly.
Thank you!
Except *you* wouldn't really be ruining their grade. *They* would ruin it by not taking the test.
This is the first one to make me literally laugh out loud.
Oh I totally agree, but it's incredibly irrational.
That'll learn him!
I've read that a good emergency fix for leaking fuel is to rub a bar of soap over the crack and it will seal it temporarily.
Are you sure it wasn't film on the inside of the window?
Yeah it would definitely be hard to get a girl pregnant when you've got a mullet and handlebar mustache.
Shit you want to talk about hell try working there during Christmas when they start playing the same 10 holiday songs over and over from Thanksgiving until New Years. It's especially terrible when you work in the back where there isn't much background noise to drown out the music.
It can be terribly embarrassing, but just do a simple two-step and sway your body to the music if it ever happens. This is the easiest way to 'dance' and it works with most music.
Eh, he/she gets it right 50% of the time.
They could have been worried about the liability of diagnosing the issue without performing the tests. Some people love to sue these days.
That's *Mr.* Coffee to you.
On the bright side, he could become the next Kanye.
You're right, this checks out. Source: the 10 Kanye-ndments
&gt;Best I can do is a ~~wheat~~ Canadian penny. FTFY
&gt;Google says its speech recognition technology now has only an 8% word error rate (Down from 23% in 2013) *Google says its speech recognition technology now has only an 8% world terror rate (Down from 23% in 2013)* This is what I got. Seems legit!
Who strangely looks a lot like Miley's father: http://themockdock.com/wp-content/uploads/2008/08/sp32-20080825-214749.jpg
Dennis Quaid was great in that movie also.
Shit was catchy-er 20 years ago. Gotta love Mix-A-Lot.
But then this goes back to employee wages. How much better would junior perform in school if both mommy and daddy didn't have to work full time to make ends meet and could spend more time helping him study.
And he's probably thinking "*Ohh man, I have so much karma waiting for me*"
His depression worsening, the caterpillar began to wall himself off from the world, little by little, until one day he found himself living in complete isolation. Then one evening the caterpillar could take it no longer. When the sun rose the following morning, there was one less caterpillar in the world. The spirit of the caterpillar shed its earthly husk and floated away into the sky.
Publisher's Clearing House has really stepped up its game.
I have a Ukrainian friend, with a strong accent, who does this occasionally. 10/10, would laugh again.
&gt;Pretty sure rednecks would be storming the white house with ~~4-wheelers~~ 3-wheelers right now. FTFY
It also rarely snows in a lot of the PNW so our cars don't crumble into a pile of rust from road salt. That may have something to do with it. Also inflation...
And retail sales in October!
Can't read - it only shows up as a thin strip on mobile...
Lincoln City right? We've tried there once or twice before and definitely had some good luck. Thanks!
Phil Philips sounds like one of those slow people who constantly have a large buildup of saliva in the corners of their mouth and Gary Garyson looks like a classic con-artist. Just look at that mustache! Check mate, athiests.
The real life embodiment of Reddit. He's our true god.
Now kiss!!
Oh god... NSFW
A *Marine* of sorts?
No that's just my penis.
If your statement shows a zero balance then what debt is there to show you're paying? Edit: more info [here.](https://www.creditkarma.com/article/CreditCardUtilizationAndScore) &gt;The graph above suggests that there is a strong correlation between credit card utilization rates and credit scores. Generally, those who had a lower utilization rate had a higher score and vice versa - **with an exception for those with 0 percent utilization. The average credit score of those who had a utilization rate of 0 percent was actually lower than the average score of those who had a utilization rate of 1-20%.**
Yeah, I mean I've only been here for maybe two years but I swear to god this place gets repetitive pretty often.
Did anyone else's phone get cancer from visiting that page or was it just me?
Why in the world would you ever decide to take the monthly payments then? I mean it's already better to take the lump sum because inflation would cause your monthly/weekly payments to be worth less each time, but getting taxed on top of the inflation loss really leaves no benefit to the annuity.
The problem is you have to let that money sit for 4 years. Even after 20 years that's only $400k (assuming you earn 7% *every* year), which again has to sit there if you want to earn anything from it. Far from enough to retire or live a dream life.
That's the definition of terrorism. The difference is perspective and winners write the history.
Yet the Chamber of Commerce businesses are the ones hiring them. They're also a huge political lobbying group.
Nice try, Microsoft.
You must not have been old enough to look at porn in the days of dial-up.
You might want to get yourself checked out by a doctor.
We did it, Reddit!
Well my post was more of a joke, but there's obviously the north and south poles. East and west are more tricky but we established arbitrary [meridian lines](http://www.timeanddate.com/time/dateline.html) to divide east and west.
Well you *still* have a lever growing out of the ground. It's just perpendicular to the ground.
My company instituted a new program giving any new parent 8 weeks off at 100% pay within the first year of birth/adoption. It was definitely a huge relief. However, now some of my co-workers are discussing adopting 17.5-year-olds for the free vacation.
The website also states that they have reports of this happening in 25 states. Just because they only list 11 examples does not mean it has only occurred 11 times. It also states that some pharmacists refuse to transfer the prescription to another pharmacy. Can you explain how that is *not* a restriction for those denied individuals? You may be right about people running out of gas or showing up late, but that is something entirely in their control, while a pharmacists refusal is not. Additionally, why is refusing a birth control prescription seen as insignificant, but refusing someone's insulin or heart medication presumably wouldn't be treated similarly?
And it's Pho delicious!
Do the math, it may be cheaper to cancel now. For example, if the early cancellation fee is $300, but you'd save $100/mo on the service with 6 months left, it will actually be cheaper to cancel now.
I certainly recall home ISPs charging by the minute back in the day before mobile phones with internet connections even existed, so I don't know how truthful the intent of this statement is.
