Saint is taller. That looks a lot like Hard
With the imports, NA lcs has a stronger lineup of mids than EU
Having one of the most veteran players in Froggen to help and Rick fucking Fox will be hugely helpful for him and Hard
I imagine Rick Fox will take a hand in mentoring or managing them yeah, or he'll know how to pick out a great coach with his background
EU players are still a very small portion of the total players in NA. This joke is pretty forced
Historically EU has really good mids while its NA's weakest role in regards to native talent, most eu imports are mids as a result. Top is the other weak NA role that has a lot of imports. Look at something like adc and you'll see more NA players. It's a bit early to say TSM is the strongest.
That's not saying much since there aren't many NA rookies. I don't see Remilia or RF being better than Moon, Stixxay, any of the TLA players
TL's shot calling has left a lot to be desired. I'm not sure it will be a big downgrade with Dardoch
Top 5 Korean mid
Statistically Gamsu was pretty bad. He had a large share of the team's gold yet did really poorly in his stats. He was a mediocre player with flashes of good play
Zion preformed on Coast despite a bad team. Altec preformed on Winterfox despite a bad team. Gamsu was part of Dig being bad. Dunno why you're so upset over the fact that a player might not be that good
I'm on my phone but http://oracleselixir.com/statistics/na/na-lcs-2015-summer-regular-season-player-statistics/ I imagine you can get to spring from there too so you can look at both splits. Click top laner and go to town. Thanks for being condescending though, mature way to carry a conversation
I feel like RNG might be a smart team even if they lack outright talent. I could see them taking wins off smart play rather than smashing lane or mechanical outplays
You'd hope he would have the self awareness to improve on that after seeing how it works against him
Trundle as flex for top and support. Beyond that good list
Seriously. "NA has no talent" "challenger players? Team will be shit" "Lol imports dae 2 eu" It's a damned if you do damned if you don't. Try challenger talent and you're laughed at or called weak, if you import you're part of the problem and memes are posted
It's 2 years to be a resident right? So Ninja could not be considered a resident until Summer 2017 unless I'm mistaken
Yup. No one is gonna say "I might suck as a top."
I just want a keyboard that puts comma and period to the right of space. Having those so easy to access is the thing I miss most from android
You're right, the Danish flag *is* pretty great
This comment is lame
Fnatic made him a big offer so money isn't the motivation
Maybe the king of a very small, inbred kingdom
Elements vs TIP is the MyM vs Coast of this split. Gotta love races to the bottom
I believe Baby changed his name to BIG, going by his Twitter and the Echo Fox announcement
Both have sizeable fanbases
Not even Piglet can bypass the Gatekeeper
Riot will blur his face. The mystery will continue
I agree. If you put someone like Febiven against CS mids he'd crush them into a new reality. Alex beat CS mids but rarely crushed them to the degree that I would think "Old Alex Ich is back." Alex still has to prove he is a relevant player
TL is one of the the most transparent League orgs. I imagine other orgs have issues as well we're just not privy to them
NRG? GBM and Impact are world class, Altec potentially is as well also. If Moon and Konkwon can keep up then that's a really strong western team.
Sure, but Impact likely can communicate well enough as he's had to communicate in English for a year now. GBM won't have good english but Konkwon is fluent in both English and Korean and can easily translate. NRG will have vastly fewer communication issues than the Chinese teams did, and the team has strong players to build off of.
I'd argue that Sheep has never been good in competitive play.
He changed back to Selfie as according to him there's negative memories/emotions attached to the Kori name for him
How is YS after money when Fnatic offered him more money than TSM did?
Any player: What player(s) are you most excited to go against? Any of the coaching staff: What do you think will be the biggest hurdle to overcome to catch up to and become one of the top teams?
Any ideas for how they could buff Dragon? It seems like even with number tweaks only the 1st and 5th stack bonuses are important enough to fight over. Would you prefer they rework the stacks of 2-4?
When will GBM start streaming? He seems like he'd be a blast to watch
We just need the LCS to incorporate coach-initiated pauses so if you see someone start to tilt you can pause, run on stage and tell them a random fact.
Thoorin usually does it in an entertaining way, he can burn people really well. Soaz and Amazing just get whiny.
Sorry you have to experience that. Riot seems to be trying hard to fight it with their detection systems and the like, at some point all you can do is mute and report. If someone is impacting your enjoyment of the game then reduce your interaction with them as much as is feasible.
I've tried before and it didn't really work. Maybe it's possible in some way but i'm inclined to say no.
Nice editing and music! Thanks for sharing =)
Are you referring to your taskbar being on top of your game? The way i've found to fix that is to switch to fullscreen real fast and then back to borderless.
LS may also be biased since he's worked with and coached Moon. I think Moon will be good but i'm not sure he'll be the next big superstar in NA. He was good in challenger but didn't do anything that blew me away.
Oh, that's not good! Sorry you had to experience that, man
No problem! Summonerschool is great. I've been playing since closed beta and I still find myself on there quite often. I'm Ruran in-game if you ever need another person to play with.
I must have just hit bad times then, I got trapped in D for a good 20 minutes due to how slow traffic was going in and out of it, not to mention the people driving slower than smell hoping that a spot would open.
I talk to Miguel (the guy who runs parking services) fairly often and he makes it sounds like they aren't allowed to ticket until a certain date. If you get ticketed before that you could probably get it dropped.
I consider a 9AM class super early =P. If you're getting there that early then you'd be fine yeah. Past around 11ish the only consistent parking I could find was the park and ride.
If you'd like to save some money just search for your book name + .pdf. You can usually find free ebook versions of your textbooks.
I think he'll do well but I don't think he'll dominate players like Impact or Darshan.
Eh, more koreans than euopeans. That's worse for Huni since Koreans are the ones that tilt him.
I'd put Sneaky above Forg1ven personally. Sneaky has consistently performed even on the world stage
I'll go ahead and say that they probably have a bit more merit and insight than the average random redditor
I don't think playing the game is necessary to have a deep understanding. Some (most?) of the best coaches in history aren't people who played that sport. Monte doesn't play League much at all and has a deep understanding. Thoorin doesn't understand the game on a complex level but he does a lot of research to the point i'd say he has a decent understanding of the macro game.
1. NRG 2. TSM 3. IMT 4. C9 5. Echo 6. CLG 7. TL 8. DIG 9. RNG 10. TIP I really think Echo Fox will surprise people.
He was offered a job as a CLG analyst iirc.
This is the clip you're looking for I believe https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s3qNH4zSndA
New players don't play with smurfs...
You're out of control
New League champion: Ronald McDonald
I doubt any region could support 20 teams without having a massive, massive disparity between the top and bottom teams. Especially the west where it's usually 4 teams or so on top and then the rest are a step down.
He's only human. I'd be a hypocrite too if I was staring billions of dollars in the face
Thanks for your insightful contribution to the post
Yeah, there's two very different ways to take it: TL is challenger-level atm, or TLA is LCS level. Chances are it's a little of both since Fabby mentioned that they also do well against other LCS teams.
9pm est iirc
yes
I think that's the goal. Hai just wants to retire. He's a bandaid until Bunny is ready to take over.
I can neither confirm nor deny
Braum is so good against MF.
HE'S ONLY PLAYING ON SATURDAY MOST LIKELY. RF HAS TO GO AGAINST A MOTHER FUCKING WORLD CHAMPION
EVEN AGAINST CRIS RF WOULD GET BOOTY SPELUNKED SO HARD THAT RENEGADES WOULD BE THE FIRST TEAM WITH 2 FEMALE PLAYERS
He should have just picked up Cris instead of Smittyj. Cris completely outclassed him.
NRG at least had an excuse with missing 2/5ths of their roster, one of which is part shotcaller (Impact). Dig though.... oh my
He actually looked good, it's the first time he's ever had a strong team around him.
NRG had to play with 3/5ths of the Team Coast roster that made it in via the promotion tournament. They'll be able to play with Impact and Moon tomorrow.
It'd have almost no impact I imagine.
What argument? I don't recall Riot ever bringing up viewership numbers as the reason for NA on weekends. If they did, can you link me?
Get ready for an entire split of people bitching about the days that EU is on. These people act like it's personal. It's such a nonfactor. I don't watch OG vs FN and go "damn, this would be better if it was on saturday!"
And what time would you like NA to play on Thurs and Fri? They can't do the matches at 3PM PST, viewership would drop like a rock due to school and work. If they do it later than that they start to lose a large chunk of EU audience due to how late it'd be.
We had a Cris!
Yeah it's unfortunate, that was a really bad game from Shrimp, he's a beast but that was not his match. It's funny that even feeding he was doing more than Kirei pressure-wise and in team fights. I'm excited to see how NRG does with the full roster.
It was a good showing from him. Probably nice to actually play a professional match on a team that's not hot flaming garbage.
I think Shrimp just got screwed by a combination of being on a feast/famine jungler and lan jitters. That was a very uncharacteristic game from him.
It's the lesser of two evils. EU losing some NA viewership is less harmful than NA losing both EU and NA viewership. With EU being ahead timezone-wise to NA it becomes a logistical nightmare to try and schedule NA on weekdays. They would either have to sacrifice nearly all EU viewership and put it in the evening, or they would have to put it at a time where neither EU or NA can watch it very well. Screwed either way. EU being at their current time is good for EU viewers and also gets some NA viewers.
Archon and Empyre of NRG also said yesterday that working with Cris was great, that he's hard working and has a great attitude.
I'd say they were tied, they play different roles. Aphro is a playmaker and he was fantastic at it last year, Adrian is more vision focused and had great statistics on top of it.
Chances are if we see Dominate swapped out we'll see Matt swapped in to make up for Dominate's lost shotcalling. Dominate's shotcalling doesn't seem great lately but some shotcalling is better than none.
Matt will also bring better shotcalling than Dominate which is worth the hit to synergy for.
TSM has growing to do but I don't think Immortals is overhyped. Every analyst and scrim leak out there says that Immortals is really good. Huni + Reignover is just such a strong core for a team.
Worth mentioning too that Saint now has it in his contract that they can't sell the LCS spot unless Saint gives permission. I doubt strong Korean players like Police and Eve would join if Saint didn't assure them that they'd get to keep the spot.
He's on Saint's new team which chances are will make it in to the LCS. It has some really strong Korean players on it and Saint seems like a good coach.
It was in one of his streams, can't supply a source sorry. No idea which one it was and it'd be a nightmare to search for
He looked better in that game than he had in over a split. It's a good sign even if it's only one game.
I'm surprised Steve isn't playing that role to him. Steve seems like he's willing to make the hard decisions, so if Piglet was having an attitude problem he'd be willing to crack down on him.
Honestly, I wouldn't mind seeing them just completely sub in all of TLA. Youngbin and Fabby would obviously be a step down from Fenix and Piglet but having a team with cohesion and no ego problems could be worth it.
Quas made a decision to change his life some as he had been suffering from depression and some other stuff, he wanted to try being more outgoing and confident and etc. In trying to make that change an 'incident' occurred which resulted in his suspension while they sorted it out. Quas then decided to completely retire and pursue a medical career.
RF crumbled against a world champion.
It helps that Impact had more kills and farm than RF.
