Well, I've not followed what other companies are offering, but in the past I found Feral more or less best value. Could you give some competitors that you think are better value? Note that Feral have not enforced bandwidth limits for ages., except for http and transmission traffic.
Yeah- read what Lemon says to you because he is the boss of Feral. For more than a year, I think, my bandwidth figure reads as a few GB per month as my actual traffic is for the types of traffic Feral does not count. It kinda makes sense; I think by now Feral has a lot of long term customers like me, who are in any case using much much less than the theoretical bandwidth limits.
It's a terrible road. Also prone to awful jams when it's nice weather at weekends and people are trying to go to Scarborough etc.
1) compromise for historical reasons. 2) benefits employees in retail. But I agree, for corporates and for consumers, I cannot see the benefit.
It is likely she would change, but bear in mind all cats are princesses and princes, and you are kinda forced into lifelong slavery when you take one on. But you had them already- you surely know that. PS Plus on top of that, they are plotting to kill you. Seriously- yes she would change, but it might take a couple of years. Or it might be overnight if you're lucky. One thing I do know- it's impossible to predict whether a cat will want to sit on your lap.
An adapter is fine, but make sure you get one that is stable- you could always just run it off an extension lead. I don't know about NZ, but here in the UK Feliways have just come out with a more stable design; of course that means we had to buy a new one as the refills only fit the new diffusers....
Do you live in Newcastle?
This post is brilliant, but will make no sense to anyone who's not been following a recent mad person who keeps posting this. https://www.reddit.com/r/malefashionadvice/comments/3z4w8q/uk_ppl_am_i_ugly_like_this_going_outdoors/
It's safe, but the tl;dr is most people suggest using an old version, 2.2.1 which you can get from filehippo or oldapps.
Franks but not French?
There's quite a lot of cutesy over here e.g. Boux Avenue sleepwear. Primark is low-end; my gf says it's better for men than women. Maybe that's why my Primark stuff has worn very well.
Yeah- I read on your post history... You are from in or near Halifax - well, no wonder you feel what you do when you go back- that end of W Yorks is just amazingly beautiful. But more than that, that end looks more to Manc than to Leeds (Bradford is in the way) and you even support Man U. If you are planning a family, it's a no-brainer that it's better for children to grow up outside London. We're in the other end of W Yorks, in Castleford. But because of the attractions of your end, we will more often go out there than locally (e.g. Shibden Mill, the Gray Ox, the Fleece at Barkisland, the Ram's Head at Denshaw/ Saddleworth) and probably the pub we've been to most often (not that this is so often) is the Turnpike between Ripponden and the M62 J22 - which is a perfect stop coming back from Manc and all points West and North. By London standards, 35 miles along the motorway in 35 minutes is the equivalent of 6 miles in traffic or on the tube....
It's the identity of the EOD man, for me.
If not more. I've had an external on 24/7 for 6 years now. However, now I've posted this it will no doubt fail tomorrow.
Mind you- your first sentence says it. There are lots of good providers. It should be a market where if you are unhappy, you were unlucky- most customers of most providers are very satisfied. I have found whatbox, bytesized and feral the three most recommended, and all have a staff presence in this sub for extra support. If you are unable to admin a dedicated yourself, don't get one to start off with. Go managed with one of the many good providers.
Feral hosting (I've been with them 5 years s a customer); the other two most recommended are whatbox and bytesized. Those three are very reliable; if you go elsewhere make sure to get better value than they offer. You can download all the what freeleech torrents and seed them.
Everyone gets burnt once or twice.
I've got good stuff from Arnold and Arnold. http://www.arnoldleathergoods.co.uk/
Posh restaurants with rooms- very romantic- Yorke Arms at Ramsgill or Black Swan at Oldstead.
Have you watched NCIS Los Angeles and NCIS New Orleans?
It so much depends on the winter we get. It IS going to get colder though. If you haven't been to Snowdonia though, it is lovely for all sorts of reasons. If you can bear other people, I recommend joining a walking/ climbing club because everyone shares car rides and there's no disadvantage, therefore, to have no car. As you say, any larger area is far more accessible with a car. Snowdonia is compact, for example, compared to the Lakes, but it has several micro-climates- with a car you can decide when you get up in the morning where you are going.
OK, well funnily enough I had some spare minutes today when i was out with the car and really had to use up the time (I was waiting to pick someone up from an appointment) and so I actually went in the Asda where I get inhalers and bought a spare. So this one was issued today and expires end of Oct 2017- that is 21 and a half months. My previous one from them (because of this thread I asked them to check!) was on 10 march 2015 and expires Dec 2016 (like yours!). I also googled for you and the shelf life seems to be 24 months. http://www.medsafe.govt.nz/profs/datasheet/v/VentolinCFC-freeinh.pdf So one presumes they buy in a batch and sell it gradually- that means your current two were likely obtained some time between December 2014 and spring 2015.
Oh I know! Richer Sounds has a really good set of customer policies. For example, they do an extended guarantee service that if you do not use, you can get a refund of your premium at the end of the 5 year (or whatever) period. It's worth asking them.
Like a lot of people are (or used to be) I was brought up a nominal Anglican - the line always was that British people say 'I'm not very religious' when asked questions about faith. Now, as Brit, though, the Anglican church means the Church of England to me- unless there is a world congress or synod or something, I never ever think about Anglican congregations abroad. I actually love the cultural side of the Anglican church, but I think it is in a really difficult position a) it tries to be inclusive (we say high church and low church) and so deals with pro- and anti- women clergy people and gay clergy people b) its buildings are impractical and expensive here, because largely old and listed c) its forms of service and stuff, as well as the bricks and mortar mean it's much harder for it to adapt than for non-conformist churches. I warmed to Rowan Williams over time, especially when he wrote the Narnia book, I'm not sure about Welby. I think women clergy are an obvious good thing, but I don't have any view on how the C of E and Welby relate to other Anglican churches abroad. In the UK, the obvious divides (apart from Christian and other religions and no religion) are between Catholic, Anglican and Non-conformist.
Yes, of course they are great fun. I'm a really old member now of most of my trackers, so in many ways the BP are not so important to me. The BTN multiplier is really excellent for promotion- at the start you think the BP required are improbably high, then you realise it really rewards long-term seeding. The PtP system allows you to earn enough BP to keep yourself with enough credit always to download. However, more recently, when I've been experimenting with daily freeleech torrents, I've seen that actual upload earned is much higher. I totally agree these are much more satisfying systems to experience than ones with a small number of points per day or whatever.
Gosh! The wheel of fortune has turned in your favour big time!
Yeah, do it when you move in. The supply will stay on anyway. Without the meter readings your contract cannot start. And before you are in it's not you using the power. Basically- the people moving out will give a reading as they leave- you give one as you arrive- the energy company sees they are the same and go from there.
I think we looked at about 50 places before we bought one. Assuming your mortgage adviser has said there is likely to be no issue, I'd start now. BUT.... It's gonna depend a LOT on how fast the market moves in the area you want to buy in. We saw a couple of episodes of Location Location Location recently and thought they were really true to our experience. 1) in London, a couple of buyers / sets of buyers were looking around the £300-450k mark. The flats were terrible and even after having their offers accepted, both sets of buyers got gazzumped. It was a lot of effort for nothing. 2) in Yorkshire, a couple of buyers had a budget of £200-250k. They couldn't get exactly what they wanted, but they had plenty of time to manoeuvre and in each case got a lot of property for their money. One set of buyers went for location above everything, the other went for the house looking and being right at the cost of location (it was more countryfied than she wanted) but it was not a property we saw- it happened after the programme was filmed. So it's more helpful to look now if you are buying in a slow-moving area. Dunno how people manage in chains in fast-moving areas, one might have to get an offer on one's own first...
Bad breath.
Flaki FTW!
Similarity with the NCIS "original" episode is disappointing if you watch both together.
Linux? Well, I did it on rtorrent with the sed command; full instructions on bib's forum thread, it's method 3. (Obviously when the website returns!!)
Hmmm. You mean Butlins gave the reviewer a free holiday? They still say Center Parcs is better though....
I run mine using a thin client- https://www.feralhosting.com/faq/view?question=76 though if you are not on Feral you may need to do the manual install not the script to get the info. Basically I get a deluge install that looks and feels like a desktop client. Your seedbox provider may or may not support this!
I only know second-hand (friend was a reservist) but yeah, joined means joined the Reserves and then means joined your unit. I don't think you are ever locked in. My friend just decided after serving for a while they didn't want potentially to have to kill people. Unless you are actually mobilised, which may not be war, it may mean helping fight Ebola or clear up after a natural disaster.
Actually, for it to be an offence, doesn't one have to bully some's real ID, not an alias/ username?
David Blackburn (link below). Done 2 jobs for us (originally recommended by several neighbours) and one for mum-in-law. Best tradesman (of many) we've ever had in the house, (or on it!). BUT he's Ponty way.... https://www.yell.com/biz/ideal-roofing-and-fascias-pontefract-7620224/
I agree with your first 3 answers. Here we basically have furnished and unfurnished. Very roughly, unfurnished means you need a van to move in and furnished means you don't. So for furnished you expect bed, yes, closet, sofa, cooker, fridge, usually washing machine, table you can eat off, and some chairs. Yes, usually there are curtains or blinds or at least something to cover the window. As the others say, when it's furnished, there is an inventory. I have been in places where there was stuff like cutlery and crockery, even pictures, but basically it was possessions of the landlord that he did not want to store elsewhere, so rubbish, basically.
Are you a tourist, or working, or living? The centre is nice, Clifton is nice. Try https://www.reddit.com/r/bristol/ and https://www.reddit.com/r/bristol/comments/1se191/comprehensive_list_of_things_everyone_should_do/
Yeah, tbh he confused me by telling me in a post once he did NOT like cakes. I have to say I felt betrayed and , yes, bullied.
Ring up schools / LEAs advertising vacancies that interest you?
When you say "literally"..... It doesn't bear thinking about.
with a chute.
Oh no! Have you met me IRL? Know any good careers in the Army? Or the French Foreign Legion? Oh sorry, it's racist mentioning the French.
Anyone driven incredibly fast on an autobahn in Germany?
UCL is a great university. Do you want to be in Central London? That could be a very good or bad thing about it!
So what you do is disable the VPN and the torrent client, then access all the non-VPN trackers/ sites together and then log out and (re-)enable your VPN / restart your torrents for actual torrenting, is that right?
Phone trading standards of your local council and also maybe Environmental Health and ask the latter if they have heard of him. At least you have telephone numbers- even if they are fake, there may be a record of them being associated with a scammer.
1) Do you have it in writing about service history? E.g. was the car advertised as such? 2) are you planning to keep the car a while? a) if not, it's bad because you won't be able to prove it's been properly serviced. b) if yes, you are keeping the car for a while, it may not matter, and it may be good the other way. In the sense that the mechanic was servicing his own car and would have given it plenty of TLC. Estimate how old the car will be when you sell it in the future. Look up roughly how much it will fetch at that point. Depending on how much that is, presence or lack of a service history may matter. If it ends up being an old trade-in, it's not going to matter. If say, the current cost is £10k and you want to have £4k-6k when you trade it in, I'd be more concerned. 3) When you say dealer, do you mean a main Peugeot dealer or just any car sales place? All main dealer used cars will have been inspected and approved, in theory.
To be serious, OP, I have to agree with my friend here that Somerset is a lovely county to live in. This is speaking as a resident of West Yorkshire (but not born in Yorkshire; however I am now fiercely loyal/ patriotic about the place, unlike Mr/Ms T above). I do not know Taunton at all, but it is surrounded by lovely countryside such as Exmoor and the Mendips; both the North Devon and Jurassic coasts are really close and West Country people are very friendly. The weather and the quality of food/ drink ingredients are good. (I do note some areas of Somerset had much too much rain last winter). Bath, Bristol and Exeter are all also not far away. Most English people would regard Somerset as a really nice part of the country.
OK- this makes sense. Sita is a company that does a lot of rubbish collection, waste management and resource management for councils. Sita Trust is their charities bit, I think. Hence managing a community resource. It kinda suggests they are managing this area for the council. I don't know whether it's by-laws or just arbitrary on Sita's part. Whether dog mess is an actual problem or or whether some busybody has complained. Either way, I think you probably need to ask the council, unless you are intending just to ignore it.
I think you should rescue her when she seems upset. Funnily enough I saw this kind of situation where there was a litter and an older kitten. The older kitten was incredibly boisterous, even violent, But the kittens' mum and auntie seemed to think it was OK. However, I'd be careful in this situation when it's one on one. In a couple of months, things will be more even and he will seem more like a big brother. We have an 18 month old and an 8 month old. At first she was a bit scared of him, but from when the younger (girl) was about 6 months, she and the older one became really good friends. She never leaves him alone now.
Glad they bothered to reply straight away and that you might get a bit of clarity.
I can certainly imagine somewhere like a bank will have strict standards in that area.
Is there any indication when a WY Metro oyster-style card would come in? I must say that it is a thousand times more convenient using such a card than PAYG fares.
AFAIK every tracker has naming conventions in its uploading rules. They usually say to keep scene names. In this case you'd recheck the files against a scene torrent. If it checks out you could reproduce the scene name. Generally, where you don't know the file provenance, then you can name it anything logical. I know you like ScienceHD and I remember having issues with their naming scheme being individual to them.
OP, are you making a joke here?
Well, for sure you'll never be seen cut up. Morticians are expert are making people look better after they have died. And in many cases e.g. road accidents, this can be very challenging. Moreover, in general when one views a deceased person, it is the face that matters- the rest of the person is dressed, and it used to be a tradition to dress the person in their best clothes. Personally, I think opt out, not opt in, is a good thing. If there were a social expectation to donate, then it would just be accepted and there would be no weirdness or superstition (e.g. carry a card, get run over the next day) about it.
Having medication to hand is key. The rest depends on mobility. If you have a car you can quickly drive to a shop or access the Internet. With mobile Internet you can access most details like insurance instantly. When we looked for property, I did check flood risk carefully, but sure, no-one can be sure of escaping a gas blast, a tornado, an unexploded WW2 bomb, a sinkhole.....
If people call me a European (as opposed to an English or British person) I bristle a bit, even though I am very pro-Europe.
tvtz Only had about 1000 members, rules were to keep at least 4 torrents seeded for ever, at least 16/7. It was because of them that I started leaving my computer on 24/7 to torrent.
Yes. And even with a spousal visa and with indefinite leave to remain you can work.
Most councils have a procedure. You can ring up and complain, though I don't know how efficiently they will come out in response. I have found binmen are generally under orders to be really strict about what gets taken and what not. E.g. leave an empty plastic bag in the garden waste by accident and they do not empty the bin. Bagged waste means they opened it and saw or claim they saw, waste in a bag. As your first answer says, could someone have fly-tipped into your bin?
Quick google says: http://www.cupcakesyumyum.com/deliveries.html locally based. https://www.bettys.co.uk/customer-service/delivery came up on Page 1 of search also- a Yorkshire institution.
Try /r/vpn or /r/vpntorrents General advice is that free VPNs should not be trusted, though, as they will rat you out.
Do you mean you offered beer to people you didn't know? In the UK, that would be regarded as very strange unless you were in an already-established "party" situation, or maybe you'd already got into friendly conversation with people. EDIT: is it possible the people you offered beer to were already drunk?
Can't think of any Italian comedians working on British TV. John Peter Sloan is, AFAIK, unknown in Britain. First famous Italian working in Britain that comes to mind is of course Claudio Ranieri. There are plenty of Italians well known because their work extends to making TV programmes about their work. E.g. TV chefs like Antonio Carluccio. Musicians like Antonio Pappano (music director of our main opera house). Loads of people in football. EDIT: as /u/danltn says, there are a load of British-Italians here i.e. people who sound British or are actually British of Italian descent. Of danltn's list, Frankie Dettori really sounds Italian, most of the others don't and I didn't even realise Ken Stott and Tamzin Outhwaite were of Italian descent.
Wow! That's got you surprisingly worked up.
Gave them 5/5 for the location though!!
Fantastic example! I just thought of all those Jewish film people in Hollywood e.g. Allan Stewart Konigsberg = Woody Allen Neta-Lee Hershlag = Natalie Portman Winona Laura Horowitz = Winona Ryder.
Yeah, it is themselves the banks are protecting- so the government does not uncover criminals and later on it looks like the banks have been negligent. Also- it is not about YOU as the non-rich person having your own money. it is about other people, the bad guys, using you to launder THEIR money. Having to prove address makes it harder for someone to roll up and use an "innocent front guy" to launder the money. Because the "innocent" guy is easier to pin and down and question if they have a stable address.
AFAIK in the US there is a culture of litigation, therefore people always consider that option in life-situations. So what I am saying is Americans begin from a different mindset. Here, although there is some no-win, no-fee stuff going on, by and large people don't tend to think of the legal implications of doctor-patient, more of the moral and personal ones. I know some cases where the greater difference in culture between the doctor and patient made it harder for the two to communicate and the patient got a less good outcome. But those were also cases whee the patient would not have dreamed of litigating, because they likewise perceived lawyers to be very different people from themselves. Therefore the cases that go to court tend to be the result of very serious mistakes or disagreements.
I agree with your comment about the "litigation" thing. However, I think almost everyone posting about suing people has no idea what it actually involves.
I'm afraid that isn't very fast by modern standards.
Yes, the City Of London itself is certainly unique- very few residents, empty at weekends, big tall buildings, so much money in the companies.
Wow! You are one conscientious mod!!
Your first answer is right, but bear in mind one point. Tax does not now transfer from one keeper to the next. To avoid paying twice for the month you are transferring ownership, declare SORN (see DVLA pages) for a day or two at the end of the month and have your sister tax it from the 1st of the next. Two useful links: http://www.moneysupermarket.com/car-insurance/blog/remember-you-cant-transfer-road-tax-when-you-buy-or-sell-your-car/ https://www.moneyadviceservice.org.uk/blog/car-tax-timing-it-right-reminders-and-biscuits-your-reaction-to-the-end-of-the-paper-tax-disc
We use only half to two thirds overall, because we don't often put the heating up above 15 C.
Yeah, it's everywhere. Sometimes it's just called cider vinegar, but cider is made from apples, so....
Ask a climbing club.
Yes. I have TERRIBLE handwriting and it would be confusing if I did not!
Yup, just looked up and average age for first marriage is 32. Wikipedia says 33 for men, 30 for women.
My experience is that people in traffic situations, whether driver or pedestrian, thank one another or acknowledge 'I understand you have been inconvenienced' rather than 'Thanks for doing something you did not have to.' Also, with respect to zebra crossings, because the rule is the driver is only obliged to stop if the pedestrian is ALREADY on the crossing, then stopping when the pedestrian is still waiting on the pavement (sidewalk) IS a nice thing to do. I'm sure the thanking gesture has been here since forever, and maybe exists in many countries...
I've seen lots of filters; library ones are often the most aggressive, but they can legit say library computers are just there for research and stuff.
Yeah, as a champagne socialist paper it's good at doing that.
The incredible lack of helpful responses suggests to me the reddit demographic consists of spillers not wiper-uppers.
What are you paying for what size of property? What kind of heating is it?
Paid VPN or private trackers. Have a search here- this question is asked every few hours.
Doesn't need dampening, just needs a bit of modification!! It's just about how you define 'British.' Just 'cos it was older doesn't mean it was boring. Vikings basically started attacking 'us' (I am British) from just before 800AD. We would say that 'us' at this time were the Anglo-Saxons, who had already driven the Celtic British (now Welsh, Cornish) west and south. They started by raiding, but then they kinda stayed. Through the century they established a kingdom that is roughly what is N and E of a line between Liverpool and London. So a lot of modern-day 'British' have Viking blood, especially in the old Viking kingdom (that came to be known as the Danelaw). So Vikings did a mixture of two things- settle + farm, and raid+ attack. Sometimes they got national "protection money" for not doing the attack + raid bit- this ransom was called Danegeld. Under Alfred the Great, the Anglo-Saxons got their act together, beat the Vikings, got kinda symbolic overlordship over them and the two parts of England kinda lived in peace for a bit. There was a very famous ruler of the Viking bit called Eric the Bloodaxe. Gradually the Anglo-Saxon bit got stronger and between about 950 and about 1010 it was all ruled by the Anglo-Saxons. Then, because the Anglo-Saxon bit got weaker, partly because of a king called Ethelred the Unready (=means badly advised, not that he had his pants down), so for most of the period 1013-1042 the Danes ruled all of England, and their most famous king was Canute. Then the Anglo-Saxons got back, and in 1066, for complex (but interesting) reasons, the Vikings tried invading from the North and completely independently, the Normans (who were originally Vikings that had settled in N France - Norman = North-man) invaded from the south. King Harold beat the Vikings in the North, marched his men back down but lost to the Normans at Hastings in 1066 and that's where, traditionally, English history starts. There are a lot of great stories- maybe myth, maybe true or some mixture about this whole Saxon v Viking period. Alfred and the Cakes Carving the white horse (in the hillside). Canute and the Waves Edward the Confessor and killing Earl Godwin with the piece of bread. Harold and the arrow in his eye (Bayeux Tapestry) Personally I think the period AD450-1066 (between when the Romans left and when the Normans arrived) is fascinating and more 'story-worthy' than what happens after 1066. Cos let's also not forget King Arthur. Many think he was a real guy who tried to fight with the Roman-influenced Celtic British against the invading Saxons. Actually, then go back to Roman times and there is a weird thing where a whole Roman legion, the 9th, disappears from the historical records completely. Some people think that happened in Britain because a mysterious eagle standard was found in Britain- if you look up 'Eagle of the Ninth' you will see a famous novel (now several times adapted) about it.
I'm happy going with someone who is not the two they trialled in the season finale.
We're lucky he got so much help just for being drunk.
Well - ELI5 is: FPTP- one who gets most votes wins. Each race is separate, like a horse or athletics race. Proportional Representation- it's like a cake. More votes= bigger slice of the cake. BUT, your vote is not just for one person, it's for a pool of people / a party- a lot of "races" are lumped together in the cake and so there are lots of winners. There are LOTS of different systems of PR, from where you have 2nd, 3rd preferences and so on if your top choice is 'knocked out' to a straight system where you vote for no individual, just a party. People hate on FPTP because you can get loads of votes for a party nationally but very few MPs, and vice versa, just with a relatively small % of the vote you can get lots of MPs. If you live in a safe seat, it's like your vote is 'wasted.' People hate on PR because the connection between your vote and the PERSON you vote for to represent you is weaker. And because it HAS to be more complicated than FPTP. As we've seen specifically when people have been giving tribute to Jo Cox MP, but also when MPs are discussed in general, MPs are important local representatives and people who help their constituents with individual problems, not just members of a party nationally. When there was a referendum (!) recently about whether to change FPTP to PR, FPTP won. Few actually were bothered to vote though.
Yes indeed, you are quite right to correct me, and one might argue that had the referendum been for a truly proportional system, it might have gone better for the anti-FPTP side.
Indeed, like /u/Caruckster I've never ever come across this as a racially directed insult. However, it may well be a non-racial insult.
DLR is a train!!
Depends how old they are. Like /u/hoffi_coffi I don't know what a strata corporation is. But no, most older terraced houses are completely independent. A new build terrace house or an ex-council one on a housing estate may still be administered by a company in terms of the common parts (roadways etc.).
I get a lot from rutracker (I don't know russian, but google translate does the job) and each album is tagged either 'tracks' or 'image.' Also there are some categories purely for high quality rips, some of which come from vinyl.
Unlike Man of the People Boris of course.
Yeah, do the maths, (or math, as it is in American English!). Rough rule of thumb is that you have to pay admission fee 3 or 4 times to make a subscription cheaper. A lot of English Heritage stuff is RUINS. So it is very questionable that it's worth paying to go up to it rather than just look from the other side of the fence. As for the 'stately home' element, it really depends on how much you like that. My dad used to say 'Once you've seen Versailles, you've seen them all.' It may be that, if you like countryside, you just visit one big one (like Windsor or Warwick, both of which are separate businesses) and save the time for the open air. In any case, with these things you can normally decide on the day. You pay the admission first, then, at the end, if you wish to sign up, they refund you / subtract the cost of your entry that day.
Hence "online" is polling higher for leave than "phone" - because you have to tell those reasons to a person?
