At least they didn't include an application.
Try the stock barrel and back? or a wider diameter freak insert?
The first picture appears to be of a dragonboat team. :)
Then it's a bit high. Counter offer with $400.
- Paisley - Polka dot - Vomit
Mine is a 14.4kbps modem handshake.
They're "free-range"!!!
Slippery Slope
MicroSD slot? Really??
I saw the reply before it was deleted. Their answer was that they could "mostly" cover it, but needing $22k isn't really "mostly" to me. $22k is like asking for a car.
The Oscar Meyer wiener song.
I'm curious about the opposite. For example, how does LuthorCorp stay in business? Wouldn't the association with Lex Luthor be a PR nightmare?
This is the best answer.
The same things that cause me to not believe there's a Kali, Zeus, Odin, Shiva, or any other gods; lack of evidence.
If you're being overtaken on the right, you're probably in the wrong lane. Remember, there are signs that remind people that "Slow Traffic Keep Right".
Just tell people you have no belief in the supernatural.
The sky will shoot back, but has terrible aim.
Well the whole reason for "safe and sane" was due to the number of injuries seen in emergency rooms due mostly to stupid people.
You'll have to replace the plug at least, but you might be able to fix the socket. Turn off power at the breaker box. Then remove the socket from the wall and see if you can somehow dig out or push out the broken piece.
Being grossed out by how your food gets from farm to table is a 1st world problem. Before the advent of centralized slaughterhouses in the meat industry, we weren't so detached from the process. And even so, Europeans don't have these kinds of qualms about meat.
Cake day to the face!
Why didn't the person ordering this simply say, "No pickles or mustard"?
If you could identify it, it wouldn't be a UFO!
Except when they get it wrong. That seems like a reason.
/r/kaylarynn, Normally requests should be made by users that meet the karma requirement, but I'll let this pass for now. You should provide her username if you expect people to chat with her though.
PlexPy doesn't track people streaming from your CloudSync (if you have it shared) or people on devices (such as Android) that don't use the default Plex player. However it will list people syncing to their own devices. Edit: I guess someone didn't want to know PlexPy's limitations. Basically it has the same limitations that PMS for monitoring activity.
If they are American citizens, they can go to the American embassy to get help.
Right. It just means you should pre-transcode with Handbrake from your pc first.
True. DLNA would work.
Above all else, there's no good way to tell someone they're wrong about a deeply held belief.
No, that era's Gatchaman was a science ninja team.
The post title isn't funny.
Doesn't it depend on the reason for flooding? For example, a lot of contracts claim no liability for "Acts of God". But if you're talking about a backed up drain, it still depends on the cause. If it's a kid flushing a toy or someone flushing their feminine hygiene products, the landlord won't be held responsible.
What's a "reno"? Did you mean remodel? And can't they make a claim on the neighbor's insurance?
Rounding up to 500 miles and assuming an average of 30mpg, we're looking at just under 17 gallons of gas. According to AAA, today's national average is $1.99/gal. So that'd be just under $34 for 17gal. Assuming California's price for gas of $2.879 today, that's just under $50 for the same amount of gas.
And it's in your own name now? Or is your ex on the hook for it?
Are you running the install with admin rights?
You're a bit shy of the 300 combined karma requirement for posting. As such, this post will be removed. If you manage to bring it up, you may repost your request.
Crowdfunding for R&amp;D has been around a lot longer than you think. Technically, every telethon you've seen for Jerry's kids is a crowdfunding effort to find a cure for muscular dystrophy.
I don't think anyone who listens to super-loud music can tell the difference once you go deaf.
You'd think there would be some mention of punishment in the afterlife at least.
What if that's not your default start page in RiF?
It seems that the first thing that you need to learn about Reddit is that each sub has their own ways of doing things. In this case, it appears you've never gotten around to reading the rules for this sub, which are found in the sidebar under "General Rules" which go [**here**](https://www.reddit.com/r/Assistance/wiki/rules). It's not about kindness. It's about trust. As someone who once donated several times to people who've abused my trust, the burden is on you to earn it, and not simply expect it. * You have a new account. * Most of your posts have been repeatedly removed reposts asking for help for your friend. * You clearly don't contribute to the general conversation on Reddit. * And you've seemed to be able to find this non-default sub just fine, despite being a "new user". Basically, lots of red flags. Can't you understand why the rules exist to address trust issues for those of us who have been burned before?
In America, it's not uncommon for students to be employed while going to college. That would seem like the best route for you, as many donors would probably look at your academic history in a less-than-favorable light, given that you've quit and "lost passion" for school before.
Oh! Nevermind. I keep forgetting it uses the same software as the Cubox-i, of which there is an image for OMV available!
None of the questions seem like harassment. Looks like people just want to get to the bottom of the problem.
If anything, contact the high school and see if there's an alumni group you can ask.
OP deleted their account...
You might want to X-post to /r/AskReddit too.
Technically, you don't need the app to watch on an Android device. An HTML5 compliant browser is really all you need.
There needs a "well duh" sign, right below it.
Why's that? There would be a larger pool of redditors to ask.
Check out /r/vandwellers for advice on living out of your vehicle. Also, call 211 to find out what other resources are available in your area.
Don't domesticated bunnies eventually die too?
** Technically, the amount is the average savings. Some families will save less, and some more. Not EVERY family saves the same amount.
1 French fried sock.
I'm kind of ambivalent. On the one hand, people are offering something in exchange for help. But on the other, it just seems like a more desperate form of spam. I don't know where the line is between advertising and asking for help in those cases.
I'm not in a position to help you with nothing. Perhaps one of our other fantastic users can!
If you think you'll be forced to relocate soon, you could sell off your furniture. That puts money in your pockets, and makes moving easier.
Your local utility might offer the program that helps replace your a/c unit. They subsidize swapping out old inefficient units with new energy efficient ones. There's an income requirement, so call them and see if you qualify.
Go to court and have his wages garnished. Once that's in the state's database, the employer also gets the report on garnishment based on his SSN. My friend's ex ended up getting let go from a couple of jobs because the businesses had moral requirements. For one, the Disney company doesn't put up with that sort of employee. Child support is an obligation, not a right on his part. I had a friend go through the process herself, and it took several hearings to get it done. Her ex was a dick, so the threat of jail had to be used to finally force him to pay up.
I have both the first gen Fire Stick and 2nd gen Chromcast, and they both seem to run about the same. Buffering issues can be a symptom of wireless issues and should be eliminated as a source of your problem first.
I I'll tell you later.
The whole point of the post was to find some way to avoid those specific things because OP's girlfriend can't handle that specific kind of scene.
Isn't this outright spam?
1. Yusha Reideen - This was one of the first anime I watched regularly as a kid. If you're too young to have seen this, it was probably the first to feature a giant robot that transformed broadcast in the U.S. 2. Bakamonogatari 3. Macross 4. Yamato 2199 - Remake of the original Yamato. 5. Mach-A-Go-Go aka Speed Racer.
Infinity. Movie adaption of Richard P. Feynmann's autobiography.
So what exactly is your skillset? Not sure how someone will be able to make any suggestions outside of retail without that info.
Hmm. Seems similar to what one of my friends does. And she works from home doing this too. Head office is on the east coast, while she works from the west coast. PM me a link to your actual resume, and I'll see if they're hiring. The other possibility is to get some project work with a staffing agency like Robert Half Technologies. Check out www.rht.com when you have time.
Yeah, with your SEO experience, they might have something.
For when you want to smell like chlorine and humidity?
So, music for a commercial? Does it need words, or music only?
Not sure why I'd vouch for someone I don't know in real life.
Doesn't the kind of visa you have make a difference? I'm not sure what kind of employment you're allowed to get on a student visa.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tfMcxmOBmpk
Along with the other suggestions, your school should have a job placement office that can help.
If you can prove his dogs did this, you can also try small claims court to recoup damages.
But a Fitbit? A jewelry organizer? And a giftcard to Sephora? These aren't necessities.
Invent a time machine or redo your work. You can't get data back from hardware no longer in your possession.
Buy kids meals to collect the toys.
Doesn't your school have a housing office you can talk to? You say that government housing doesn't agree with you, but beggars can't always be choosers.
I'm running this myself with OMV. Installed plugins for Transmission and SMB, but SFTP is also available. I installed the Open VPN client from the command line too.
One of the obvious things would be to use your education to get a better job. What did you get a degree in, since you went for the education?
Did I misread that you're going to university now?
As a client, it should work ok if you're using DLNA instead of Plex on the back end.
Does your university offer housing, like in dormitories?
And you can't get financial aid to help with that?
Hm. Ok. I don't know how they do things there, but here in the US, educational costs are often covered by grants and scholarships, loans, and part time work. Most benefactors would like to make sure you've exhausted these options, as well as knowing how well you are performing in school. What you're asking for is unlikely to happen in the short term, so it's worth the effort to take steps now to qualify for grants and scholarships and any other aid you can get for the next and future terms and get a job to save up until you can get in to a dorm or off-campus housing.
You might have already checked with these folks, but just in case... http://students.mq.edu.au/support/health_and_wellbeing/welfare_service/ It says they can help with financial issues. Otherwise, asking the internet to help support you until graduation is a tough sell because of its open ended nature.
Do you have a regular account? Not sure I'd want to support a "drive-by" account just created today.
The Bosnia field there has helicopter fuselages, yes.
Have you tried selling those on Craigslist, so that someone local to you could pay you in person for your sunglasses?
Actually, HDMI to VGA. Also keep in mind, audio needs to be broken out of the HDMI connection too, else you'd just only have a picture.
Loma Linda School of Dentistry?
Fucking kids...
Removed. Account doesn't meet karma requirement.
&gt; Unemployment won't even help them (unassumingly due to their credit history but idk). Credit worthiness has no impact on receiving unemployment benefits. They're usually denied if the applicant hasn't worked for very long, worked under the table for cash, or with just cause. At this point, selling as much of their possessions for cash would be the quickest short term solution, but merely buys enough time to to get to the next month. The upside of selling everything for cash is that it makes moving out easier.
Clinical trials for drugs can have risks. For example, early stage drug trials are often done to determine if they're dangerous to humans and in what dosages. But not all medical research is pharmacology. For example, a sleep study would be pretty harmless. So it depends. If they're testing something that you're not comfortable in taking those risks, then obviously you should avoid it. Finally, if you happen to be a healthy female, selling your eggs can make several thousands of dollars. But they often have a lot of stipulations in who they'll accept.
The $160 appears to be for the visit. You'll see another dollar amount on the invoice for the estimated price of repairs.
Is your machine running hot? Turn it off and let it cool down for a while, then restart it.
