I think the original post is somewhat deranged but raises enough points to be worth a serious answer Firstly, most of the people identified as such when they took the UK further into the EU, were doing it because it was an easy way to get change they wanted to see. EG, Tony Blair, with the Maastricht treaty social chapters, Human Rights Act, etc Going back earlier, in the 1980s one of the basic principles in favour of joining the ERM at a high exchange rate was that it put pressure on the private sector to curb price inflation (inflation and exchange rates are mutually interlinked, if you lock the exchange rate you can't devalue through inflation and have to control inflation instead) would you call Mrs.Thatcher a Euro-federalist? Defining characteristics that make these people non-federalist are their love of power, their desire to keep passing laws locally and telling people what to do. True federalists would realise their position as MPs is untenable unless they resolve not to use their powers Then.. there are the minority, the true federalists. People like me. I'm 37 years old. I've never been on a battlefield defending the sanctity of my nation's borders against invading armies. I've never needed to. Nor has my father.. although my grandparents fought. There was a major war in Western Europe more or less every 40 years from the era of the Roman Republic to 1945. One of the reasons I attribute to it having stopped is that when European nations have true freedom of action and policy, they invariably end up misaligned with their neighbouring states to such an extent that only war can resolve the differences. The Treaty of Rome stopped that, dead And millions live today who otherwise might not. The EU is often ridiculous, obstructive, inefficient, corrupt, silly, contradictory. And I am constantly glad of it A battlefield is a whole lower level of corruption and degradation. I don't expect many of you to agree. I will not respond to any replies to this posting, I feel I've said my bit.
No, its just feeling let down.
*^dogfish
I am seeing disturbing* crossover imagery from Woman In Love and LoTR now. *To me. It'd certainly appeal to some and good for them. BRB, off to poke out my mind's eye with a pencil
Or a chinese thing. In pancakes
&gt;How did a crab kill your mom? Well executed pincer movement
&gt; then who am I to say otherwise. Think you've pretty much nailed it there. I see it differently to what follows those words, but essentially you and i see the same.
well, that's a pane
Northern Ireland.it just screams prejudice
Accountant here: The next decade for me would be ten years of highly profitable consulting work on rebuilding credit ledgers from old printouts, backups and mail archives. Most of the companies I am familiar with would survive this event untarnished after some work
No, he sent his grandmother to research him
Yes. I've always run family cars, since I was 18, for exactly this reason. One of the cheapest cars for a 17 year old to insure is a Volvo 940 2.3 litre turbo. Which is a truly great comfortable fast car with an 'image' that makes insurance salespersons sleep well at night.
So, BJU Sucks
I buy Denso plugs for my car via Amazon, for 30% of what they cost in the store.
It was the day that serving staff circulated their boxes - which were money-boxes to collect tips on an annual basis Anyone who provided a service - milk-deliverers, grocers boys, maids, would take part. Those they provided a service to would contribute.
It would be very hard to quantify - because even a percentage isnt easy to compare (a minimum wage worker would notice 10% going to charity more than an investment banker would) I try to do it based on a low level of charity direct debits and a periodic cash-in-my-hand basis - every couple of weeks if I see a charity collector I like, I give them the entire cash contents of my wallet, the logic being its not enough to break my cashflow but it is enough that I notice the lack of it. If possible, try to remember the charities you really like in your Last Will &amp; Testament. That way you can correct any self-perceived shortfall in your contribution to the betterment of the world
That's somehow undermined by the fact that Maj. Helstrom willingly sits down next to an armed Stiglitz - a career-ending move in most circumstances.
It's happened to me twice now. Neither posts were anywhere close to what I thought were my best contributions (most of which rarely even get a point) 1) Explained the tax effects of use of an ISA for savings &amp; investments under UK law 2) Made a pun about Michelin Stars in reply to someone who suggested eating a car tyre (tire)
if it was ten seconds pumping, thats a gallon of petrol, maybe a gallon and a half. You could have continued filling the tank with premium diesel, driven fast for fifty miles, filled the tank again with diesel and forgotten all about it. Concentration would be well below the point it causes issues (pre modern injection pumps and common-rail, the owners manuals for diesels recommended putting in a gallon of petrol to every tank in cold winter periods to prevent the fuel solidifying)
In the UK, as recently as the early 1990s you could buy petrol by star ratings, 4-star was generally reckoned best , equivalent to modern premium.. but lower ratings also existed. 3-star and 2-star for low efficiency engines, mopeds, etc Is is possible your Camry was specced for regular fuel at a time that sub-regular fuel was also available in some markets it was sold in? IE, they werent prepared to guarantee optimum performance on 88-RON but would on 95-RON ?
"It's a substantial snack. Don't knock it"
if they could state that debt as a proportion of GDP had fallen (arguably a more relevant statistic - think of it as credit card balance versus paycheck size) I might overlook the absolute terms growth Sadly, it hasn't. The graph I found had estimates for 2012 to present and on the basis of that questionable information it appears that the rate of debt growth as % of GDP has reduced. I can't argue with the logic of only spending what you can afford - its what I try to do.
Justifies it nicely though doesn't it. I think most of us would live with killing an armed man who threatened us - if it was someone who actually dropped the hammer, that makes it a hell of a lot easier.
Here speaks a man who can't understand how much air exists within a floor of a large skyscraper - or the immense sideways pressure that air exerts as the floor that stood 25 feet tall is crushed to absolute flat in the space of a single second
if you read to the bottom, these questions have been answered in this thread by the mod team. One individual was banned for racism*, others had temp bans which now expired, and it seems at least one was a victim of a miscarriage of modjustice and has been restored with an apology *seems to be a regular kipper theme, sadly. Freedom of speech only goes so far.
Its probably more to do with "marginal propensity to consume" On a broad scale more people buying stuff means economic growth - but the increase in consumption has to be within the ability of the economy to grow to provide it, else you just get inflation. If a person spends 95% of their income, when you give them a pay rise they are likely to spend the extra money - as its likely they normally live under some constraints, and have to do without. A wealthy person spending 50% of their income is more likely to bank the extra cash. the Tory counter-argument (for balance) is that funding for starting businesses comes from the richer proportion - either by their investing in share subscriptions or by banks intermediating their deposit balances into loans for industry - and without that capital investment growth is restrained. They would also point out that many 'richer' people live a lifestyle that reflects their ability to buy luxury goods, and that they dont save as much as they should and as a result, the marginal propensity argument is iffy
We took big pre orders for a device that might be called a gamebox or an xstation or something. The makers - sonysoft or microny - then said we had to get all our pre orders to buy games as well as the console.. Or they wouldn't fulfill our order When we told them, half of them demanded we refund their deposits. That Cashflow hit killed us stone dead. It was an outright breach of contract but we didn't have enough cash left to sue them
Cars. Buy them with 80000 miles on the odometer for a fraction of the new price when they are only half way through their service life
You can derive information about inputs to a situation from the outputs from it. Known outputs: British moslems are fighting for ISIS abroad, other British moslems have been arrested while attempting to leave for ISIS, more have been arrested for attempting to send money to ISIS Likely cause of these events: That some British moslems are in favour of the political-religious theories expounded by ISIS derived information: A population of ISIS supporters exists within British islam. With accurate information about how many of them leave for ISIS or try to, you could estimate the size of the pool of believers by making some assumptions about the proportion of those who believe, who are moved to act It must be fairly significant though
I'm not aligned with his politics but bizarrely always rather respected Hague, because he actually talks and disregards his own mannerisms and vocal ticks, rather than speaking waffle in an impressive fashion There's an honesty in it. Or, if I'm wrong, then he's much more talented than I give credit for
&gt; Put a cat and an equal weight anything else in a room "This is a 4kg bomb"
But you should see him paint (Three rooms, two coats, in one night!)
In seriousness, I understand the target market is young black men and, apparently, me (late-30s English accountant)
I'd appreciate context from anyone active in the 70s gay scene as to whether this would be thought of as moderate speech at the time
if we equated projection of control areas to government, you guys would be well on top. But being a dominant power over sovereign territory you dont govern doesnt count
Mass hysteria, same causes fainting fits in single-sex schools. Not uncommon.
It's a myth. Doesn't exist. Used as an excuse by the parents of feral children
They got through 6 child actors while producing the Flipper series of films
typical bull shit
It is an offence of note
He would probably note that your reaction justifies some of his prejudice.. You are however right that barring true extremes it is folly to refuse to hear the words of one who would debate.
OK, fair enough. Thats the best argument in favour of an end to government 'recognition' of marriage, and equality of unmarried and married people under the law. But on a lighter note, any asexual who is getting shafted is possibly not very good at it.
"It wasn't just the jews. 4 loyal Germans died in the camp too - their guard-tower collapsed in a storm"
Stand Your Ground! No tree will perilously elevate American felines Speak to your senator about the right to bear anti-arboreal artillery
even short people need to come out of their shell
I've lived in shared homes for 9 years now. I'd say - talk to the people you would be living with. This is a commitment similar in scope to a job interview so be careful If you dont feel you can trust them, it isnt going to work. If you do - then someone opens an extra account, collects payments in there, has bills paid from there, presents accounts to the others periodically
My 70s Triumph singlespeed (convreted - was a 3-speed) cruiser is difficult to ride no-hands. Something about the tyre profile makes it twitchy. Tremendously controllable once I got the knack but took over a year of regular riding it before I was confident to take both hands off. And that at a time I could go for miles on an MTB without touching the handles....
Get sharp tools, cut into small pieces, trickle it out via the normal refuse collection. A friend of mine had a disused mobile home (big caravan style, not a motorhome) taken away by the council bin-men over the space of 3 months by cutting it into strips with an angle grinder and a power saw and inserting into his usual rubbish.
It may be worth re-posting this question into one of the LGBT sub-reddits - users there might be better informed on the specific services available to young LGBT peeps when endangered by their family Good luck.
Confusion is good. "Its time for business, if you'll pardon the pun" While they ponder the words and look for the pun, batter their face in with an iron bar
if you have plenty time (and tools) but no money, and you think you should get better value from your council tax, its a valid possibility.
Its not USB, it's HDMI
On my vintage bicycle with slim tyres, it is a godsend. Has got me home so many times when otherwise I'd have gone flat miles from home. Wouldnt put it in a car though for fear of unbalancing the wheel
Look at the sky at night. You can detect where German cars congregate from the orange glow
User Turborg referred to the photoreconnaissance dummy armies of WW2 - one of two things I came here to mention. The other is the Pas-de-Calais invasion. Allied forces took advantage of the temporary disgrace of General George S.Patton after an incident in his camp, to send him on observation missions and tours that were deliberately not secret enough German intelligence believed - as was intended - that a genuinely talented General would not be excluded from the invasion plans, and as such the Normandy landings were a distraction. They concentrated their forces way north of the invasion that was in progress, awaiting a 2nd landing, by a ghost army that would never come. This probably saved tens of thousands of lives on both sides, and equal numbers of French civilians, by reducing the scale of the initial conflicts
Mighty Car Mods. Epic.
Ex auditor here. My old profession is a joke.
TIL that factoid doesnt mean what I thought it did - I thought the point, and nature, of factoids was that they were true but devoid of context - which does seem to apply to all the items mentioned in that article I might have issues with the narrative they try to portray but all of them seemed to be correct
I came here hoping for someone else to have raised this subject. I figure, if you are offending both sides of an argument, you are doing something right. I will defend the Qu'ran to the end, it is a truly great piece of literature, one of the defining pieces of thought that formed the modern world I will never stop criticising the underlying corruption in Islamic society that uses absolute compliance with the Word to justify its prejudicial and inegalitarian actions - nor will I stop criticising the great bulk who do not speak or act for fear of being branded heretical. Every religious book has bad things in it. It is the choice of every modern religion to adhere to the word or the spirit, or just to reinterpret.
Quite good for roasting with though
1) Banks are stress-tested regularly now and all in pretty good shape. Better defended now than they have ever been 2) House prices over 50 years have averaged a rise in line with inflation. The overpriced perception is a relict of the underpricing we got used to a few decades back 3) the dead wood has been shaken out, the economy is growing 4) Debt to GDP in UK is good compared to many EU nations, and although high (approx 90% when 60% is often quoted as an ideal max) is not out of line with historical norms for a lot of fairly healthy economies. Every point you made is both arguable and in my opinion not a fact, and not true.
I do it with a spreadsheet - well actually its one tab of a spreadsheet that tracks all my balances, but it saved the trouble of finding an account that did it for me. For the record, my splits were : Car tax, Car Ins, New Car, House Deposit, Emergency Fund
cemantics too (or is that CEM antics...)
I love the detailed responses you can get on reddit when you bring up something arcane - great post, thanks
I have been thinking about this UAV all day and I must admit I'm pretty impressed at the work. An automated flight across several states must have crossed some pretty high hills and had to think about altitude and avoiding airports where it would be spotted by Radar. Do you reckon it was a proving run for a drug delivery vehicle? I mean something like that could deliver weed from say Amsterdam to London or even Dublin, or south american drugs from Ciudad Juarez as far into the USA as Oklahoma City or Las Vegas (Yes I have just been stretching my fingers across google maps for distance, not having a large enough banana to use as a scale)
It probably went straight through their chairs. The metal frames would carry a lot of current, and because the people sitting on them were at the same electrical potential as the floor but represented a higher resistance routing, they wouldnt have experienced any current flow through them
In my mind I'm seeing Goering apologising to Hitler for the potato quality
It is a matter of fact that a puma was captured alive in Scotland in 1980.
Meesa do verbal equivalent of putting on blackface, Massa Jedi...
One thing almost as bad as electronic dipstick is the combined dipstick and oil filler on my Saab.
Those florida guys, diving in to wrestle with sharks...
dangling from the tree, 12 feet up....
anyone sensible doing this would ensure the first draw was of multiple lines. then you only have to go back a few stages if you get a breakage
I wouldn't do it if I were you. They could be anyone
I tend to trust the person who told me this, but not to the extent I'd call a Swiss citizen a liar over it ! I'm wondering if it was some sort of local byelaw or even a residents association rule in an apartment block. I dont know any of the details, its just an anecdote that seemed believable but surprising enough to share.
But dick wouldnt come to mean penis until the 20th century. Shakespeare spelt most names phonetically - everyone did in the 15th century. Hence Captain Llewellyn in Henry V is written as Captain Fluellen in order to get an approximately correct pronounciation of a Welsh name Benedict means Blessing - however its spelt.
Its a higher quality of prank too. I love the thought that went into this
fiction, right?
They got the mustard out!
Based in Zurich?
I think the shares are cheaper now than they will be in spring with discounts. Crazily underpriced. Lloyd's will announce their interim dividend before the spring sell off and I expect the price to rise from 69p as it was yesterday to the mid 80s. Edit- 2. The ex dividend date is in April too and I want that dividend.
good luck
I can read that sentence so many ways. All of them disturbing
I'm guessing at that sort of CCA it's either a V8 or a big diesel? Mine's a 4-cyl Saab (2.0 litres displacement)
Its just his job 5 days a week?
I think I'd rather have public policy made by those who doubt themselves than by those with complete self-confidence. Epic reply, thank you - very interesting
Can confirm, the syringe isnt anywhere near as bad as toothache....
electric city buses worked using trolley-poles with bobbins on the end that ran along 2 parallel wires over the road. I expect if history had continued along similar lines there'd have been recharging rails on the streets for cars in busy areas or long highways (long trolley poles would be impractical on a car..)
Keeping loans going is bad finance habit. Take it from someone who took out a 3 year bank loan to buy a car that had 2 years of life left. No good outcome comes of this. You have effective equity of about £1500. Actualise it. Then start again. It strikes me that you can't really afford new cars if you think in these terms At the risk of repeating a UKPF trope - have you considered a £5K or £3K car?
How did you even notice that?
Kinda looks like we're temporarily f*cked now doesnt it? I'm going to keep buying LLOY but after todays news I'm going to restrict my buying program and put more cash into P2P investments instead until I see some signs of a turnaround
It also saves 4 of the principal stars in the closing moments of the film!
if muff is measured by the ton something's gone weird
Not sure that actually happened. Given that nobody has died as a result of the Fukushima reactor crisis.
If you buy a VW made after 2000 you deserve everything you get... Junk.
I havent travelled enough to have a view on this but one place keeps being mentioned by people I consider to be widely travelled: Pakistan - apparently it just feels unsafe, ramshackle, shoddy and uncultured, most especially to female travellers.
Any railway which is central to the platform is headed for a pretty messy crash
I was unaware of the withdrawal of Crown preference - thanks for that
or stockholm syndrome, if it was a tumour
Came here to say that. Its something about care for the perceived vulnerable Some people swear that their cats or dogs are better judges of human character than they are
