The cops clearly know they're there and ignore them. So your point doesn't make much sense. Why weren't the adults arrested/detained then? Because the cops knew they weren't a threat and reacted accordingly.
Fucking ketzero.
He still kinda has a point, he doesn't owe you your play style or your kill mails.
Not really.
Winner.
Are you? Obvious satire is obvious. Jesus kid.
Sounds like a kid. Writes like a kid. Tastes like a kid. Probably a kid, kid.
its' good for pew. C5 static to do some small scale jewing/gank, null for roams. I advocated heavily for some of my previous groups to move into a hole like that.
Well, the instant you replied you downvoted. So you were upset. You can try and play it off now, sure. But we both know the truth.
Send support a picture of your bank account status for them to unlock it on your phone.
Everytime I stop by PFR's systems they stay docked up in station, playing station games. For a group that doesn't care about killmails they sure seem like everybody else in existence.
Even when they "adapt" they're affected by emp, the duration is just shorter. Funnel them through a kill-zone with 1-2 emp grenaders, the rest with guns, usually makes short work of the mechanoids.
That one doesn't seem too bad, but some of the killmails I saw were literally all in the same minute. So yea, ban hammer.
Brown v Texas man...lol
What was this exploit?
I've never heard of appeals using jury, it's always just been judges.
In the reply from the OP with the conclusion, he's asking if anyone knows any no win/ no fee lawyers for a lawsuit. For a professional victim, wouldn't he already have these contacts on hand?
I was watching this video...and was thinking "Hey I know that voice". Then I heard Kira and was like "wtf ok this is crazy" Then I got my head out of my ass and looked at the post names.
Spotted the corporate shill.
Uh....15km was the keep at range.
The sun would provide the heat! Probably not enough but would be cool.
Just press Q. Works on any distance.
T1 nano. Don't those like...not even take any fitting?
Prosecutor was "not re-hired". Not fired or anything, just his contract was not renewed.
Why do you have that heretic flair.
If they weren't nerfing dread dps vs subcaps I'd say that was a terrible idea. As it stands, it's only awful.
I've abused the shit out of dread dps against subcaps. http://www.eve-razor.com/killboard/?a=kill_related&amp;kll_id=619522 25 finishing blows because we managed to land a web or two. I also made my eve fortune out of shooting sleepless guardians in wormholes with dreads. https://www.reddit.com/r/Eve/comments/1vfphq/how_to_be_space_richtm_like_calmatt/ Believe me, I know how to use a fucking dread. And I fully, 100% admit, dreads are overpowered versus subcaps at the moment. This nerf versus subcaps is only a good thing. I shouldn't be able to wave my dread dick around and fuck everyone in the mouth. Yet I can, and do. Coming to a mouth near you, 2016.
The guy's name is Tricky Dutch
He was webbing un-overheated at 15km. So, even with links, he's slightly faction fit. Pretty sure the point was as well but can't be arsed to go back and look.
Dutch communities in EVE are about as much terror as the Dutch are in real life. :)
What's the point of ascendancy implants if everyone else in the fleet doesn't also have them? Feels like there's way better implants in those slots to have.
Ok dude wtf. You can run c5 sites with a marauder, not even crazy faction tank. And you died in a fucking c3. Seriously. I'm like, mad for all the wrong reasons here.
Probably not. Gilas have great alpha and everyone underestimates them. 0 m/s would've given a penetrating or wrecking shot.
Hey If you're careful and know what to look for you can make money on these, I've done it. Got to about 200mil profit then accidentally bought a vexor for VNI prices. Still positive! I just stopped when I was ahead afterwards though.
Do you mean for turrets? Not really. The closest you get is that there's typically "dual" medium guns with the lower tier caliber. Less range, less dps, but better tracking. So cruisers can get frigates harder with frigate tracking, and battleships hit cruisers with cruiser tracking. Analogous but current rapid missile doctrines are actually superior to most other larger caliber missile turrets unfortunately. And why not? Cuz fuck you. No really turrets are mostly fine atm (except minmatar medium arty).
We're all PL alts. I'm also a RLLO alt. Also been accused of being a brave alt. And a HK spy. And NC. one time. Jesus Christ you guys are paranoid.
Only times I used them was in legions and...oh....my god....you're right.
Well that's rich.
Come on, really? Illegal immigrants?
He's captain, now.
better
wh space
&gt; The math of suicide ganking has been finely honed. There's no real risk in it. The math of suicide ganking has been finely honed. There's no real risk in it.
It's funny, if you hang it from the mirror they can also (legally) ticket you for an obstructed window, and there's plenty precedence for this. So either way, this ticket's getting tossed, especially with the PR.
How can you tell if someone lives in a wormhole? There's be about 3 battle reports and reddit posts.
He's about half on point, and you know exactly the point he's trying to make. Instead of addressing it, you're taking advantage of his lapse and acting like you have no clue what he's trying to say. You're both ass-hats, unfortunately.
Wtf? Spoons? Like...silver? Sourch: American. Not fucking sorry.
Answer: Probably. Are the numbers in yet? No.
Dunno why the downvotes, in SF where I drive this is absolutely true and is exactly what I've been doing. Uber does tend to surge higher though so I'll compare the two depending on the area I'm in.
I drive in SF. If I drove for Uber for 10 hours I'd make $150. Take 35 out of the earnings for gas, and minus the mileage for depreciation and I'm making less than minimum wage.
Ok I just picked somebody up on Market St in SF, hold on traffic let me get out and do a 360 scan panoramic picture of this car. Yea no fuck you. You damage the car, you pay. Simple as that.
Yea publicly. You think they don't get chewed out for causing their department grief in private?
google it, it's available.
To be fair RA would have less members if they actually logged in.
Dickstar hardened pos...ain't noone wanting to fuck with that.
Yea no shit sherlock. Thanks for adding to the conversation.
I'm scratching my head where you got it from that I was confused about that.
What a wierd fucking comment to make though.
Literally had to manually change the request option. And probably didn't even enter in a destination either, hence no price estimation.
That's the problem, there IS no value competing for drivers. You have to force them, like in this lawsuit.
Fun idea! Unfortunately sounds like you don't really understand how bubbles work. Your best bet is to just utilize your statics for isk and have home sites be strictly at-your-own-risk. Also you'll be farmed to shit. Seriously though I wish you the best but this will die in a ball of fire.
If it's the same computer the logs are still there. Go to your documents, EVE, then chatlogs. Sort by date. Or search them for a word or phrase you remember from the encounter to find the right file. Bam. Donezo.
You know what would've answered any and all questions you'd have by now? Going to your Documents/EVE/Logs/Chatlogs. Literally would've been quicker than typing that response, then waiting for my response.
MY RAVEN WAS EQUIPPED WITH THE FOLLOWING.
Wow exhale is still alive? Glad to see it.
Ah, the originals.
People rage if they de-aggress, people taunt if they don't and die. It's a never ending cycle of stupidity.
scram webbed.
WTF. ITS A TENGU. JUST LIKE, SLAMJAM SOME SHIT IN THE MIDS. SOME MISSILES IN THE HIGHS. BAM, YOU'RE DONE.
meh
You're putting way too much thought into this. Maybe the legion though what's the point I'm scram/webbed on station, what's the chance he doesn't also have a prop mod. Maybe triage logged in to find out it didn't have fuel. Maybe he dc'ed. Maybe the frigate menace entered local and he lost all hope. Maybe dreddit is recruiting. Maybe.
Thanks I hadn't noticed.
Gay Mexicans I'm not joking.
https://www.reddit.com/r/Eve/comments/4lyihw/300milhr_per_domi_rr_c4_sorry_for_quality/?ref=share&amp;ref_source=link Domis &gt; Snakes. Lol.
https://www.reddit.com/r/Eve/comments/4lyihw/300milhr_per_domi_rr_c4_sorry_for_quality/?ref=share&amp;ref_source=link
https://www.reddit.com/r/Eve/comments/4lyihw/300milhr_per_domi_rr_c4_sorry_for_quality/?ref=share&amp;ref_source=link
Uh, no, that is accurate. I've done these for years, as a member of LZHK you'd think you'd know how to jew :p. Sure, if you want to sit down for 8 hours and jew the numbers go down for hole rolling, etc. But who can do that? Most people need a break, and most holes have several sites to do in them. Just look at my loot at the end of the video, divide by site time (which includes warp in).
Uhh idk what to tell you, try using my fit? 4 should work wonderfully. Asign drones to one main and have him use a tp?
Much obliged senior! Was wondering what Id do to deserve a gold :D
110/12X60=550. The 100 number is kinda low I listed just so people don't complain but ok lets do that, 100/12X60=500. So realistically 550. However your efficiency goes way up when you bring more domis in, so yea 300 mil each.
Idk to do two toons you gotta use rattles or marauders, and c5's are perused more often by hunters, this is just a easy laid back way to get mega isk. Plus logistics isn't bad as you generally have a low class wh static. &lt;3 stay classy LZKH
Homeboy, when he says refuse an FST he does not mean the breathalyzer. If you passed the breathalyzer, and they still brought you to jail that's a settlement waiting to happen, and has happened in the past.
I barely played when I was in HK, but no I'd discovered this well before.
I have two screens, I thought it would switch on fraps but maybe not, you'll see my mouse move off the right side of the screen.
CCP
On the tougher sites sure, you will need more. And they actually don't tank the second wave very well at all, but they always switch target once you're in low armor so *shrugs*. You'll see it happen in the video, it happens at that point every time.
If you have trouble, feel free to drop a DDA for more tank. IDK what would be best, a DCII, another enam, or a kinetic/therm hardener. Honestly feel free to faction these as much as you want, imp navy enams, a-type layering membranes, true sansha hardener, all aren't that expensive. But the point here is that it's super cheap. If you only have 2, then you can't run the other sites very easily.
Right?
You too, can enjoy potato. While flying potatoes *holy shit it just hit me*
Sure can! But you need some offensive module, like a target painter or something. In a large group, dropping a TC for a tp is no big deal, but can affect performance in my dual setup.
You are correct.
lol
A discount still would've charged more. The point of a discount is to get you to spend more, not exactly the same while the proprietor gives out more stuff.
Certain classes, and at least in these sites. I'm fairly certain it changes for other sites. But in general, snipe the frigates, and they usually seem to ignore drones. Unless you're dealing with guardians (if they're even still around).
Probably was none around.
Get outta here with that crazy Canadian talk.
No one wants to be a defense lawyer for an obviously guilty man.
Saves you on the second wave actually. You dont have to believe me, but youd die often without it. Especially if you do the other sites.
Not everyones alts are always perfect domi pilots, and the whole point of this is low stress, dont worry about parking alts on holes, etc. So no, your efficiency is still the same. Also small groups just ninja salvage while they roll the hole, so times not wasted. Kthx.
It was my mid grade virtues. Lol no it was my plate, which is the entire reason its there.
