The only "supporting evidence" is the fact he isn't voicing Big Boss. It would be cool if him/Snake made a cameo but I don't care
I kind of agree.
RIP old hot Anko.
You're right Raw was on Spike (was thinking TNA) you sure WWE was on Spike when Adams show was on Spike? WWE left Spike in 2005
Got anymore of that Max and Chloe?....
Minato sage mode looks great in both versions imo. A filler of Minato learning sage mode would be great.
Im dreading the feels the anime will make with Naruto saying goodbye to Minato.
Idk why but I can't see those spoilers
Yeah, it's not how he wants to live his life but he's done a hell of a lot more than people expected him to do. Terrible tragic thing to happen but it's great to see his sense of humour and his ambition to run again.
Did he get the hook out?
Naruto
So did Hiruzen fight Oro's arms until he was Edo?
Room for one more on your sunken ship?
Wat? Both are fine.
Nope. Enjoyed every second of Bloodborne.
Love it
Fantastic mix.
People might not like it but I love this plot twist, unless Kishi is trolling
Love the plot twits and Yamato looks old, looks older than Kakashi
I'm sorry but it died with Reach and stayed dead with 343i's poor attempt with 4
That was burnt by the awfulness of Reach,4 and MCC. 5's beta felt like a cod ripoff.
Because they own the ip, they can either kill the ip and never use it(banjo and conker) or support it like with Killer Instinct. If Ono/Capcom went to MS for funding/resources for SFV and there was a profit to be made, I doubt Phil would've refused.
Thanks Sherlock Holmes.
Because he's being salty and a jackass imo. CM Punk did that in bad taste and Ric is being Ric.
Then any medical Jutsu user that used chakra to heal puts their DNA into people? Is Garaa part Granny Chiyo? Naruto's heart filled with Sakura's DNA?
I did before but now it isn't free.
Never understood the JarJar hate
It sucks I'll have to wait for the dub, don't like DBZ in Japanese.
Best thing.
Just watch the documentary "Courtney &amp; Kurt" on Netflix. Great documentary and It made me a believer of the conspiracy.
I believe Minato would've been able to stop them peacefully with or without Itachi and Shisui's Kotoamatsukami. Minato probably would've reversed Tobirama's decision of separating the villages.
Jon would've made a great live play by play.
I wonder about DayZ on Ps4
Classic Square Japan, announcing things that they barely started on.
I believe they said it goes through 699
Would he even see Kushina in the after life? Reaper death seal keeps your soul wherever and Minato was set free unlike Kushina.
You're more than likely right because I just rememberred Minato performed the seal. I mixed him taking part of her chakra for Naruto.
Sorry I got a bit confused for a second lol.
If Activision will allow it. People don't realize publishers need to allow it and I don't see many doing it free(MS paying them), Sony has to pay for games on PSNow and that's why there's a price and not a huge library.
Kakashi will take the Sharingan.
Toriyama will find an excuse for Gohan.
No it isn't......
Yes. Danny is great but I preferred Jon and Arin's chemistry.
Not to make bad games like 4 and MCC?
That's probably the Kakashi costume that I'll use the most.
What? MGSV: GZ, Injustice, First Light, I consider Valiant Heats AAA because of Ubisoft, Oddworld help made the PSOne what it is and imo is a AAA and now Driveclub. Idk how you can say Sony has shown no interest going into Year 2 when there has been "more AAA" than GwG and arguably better Indies on Plus than GwG.
If the publishers give permission for BC. I don't see publishers adding their games to the service without compensation from MS, that's an issue with PSNow.
#MY DICK HURTS!
I never said defeat but Kamui, Tsukuyomi, Izanami, reaper death seal, edo tensei, Sword of Totsuka/Yata mirror, sage of six paths tools could defeat Z warriors imo.
Only 1? They're dragging out the DLC, it should be two this week and the final two next week.
What's on his shoulder?
People in Japan.
Got any source for that?
Pretty much what's happening to my dad. Going on 7 years without getting in trouble and nobody hires him. My dad resorts to stealing because he can't get a job and is now facing 30 days if he can't get a job and pay, which he can't because nobody will hire an excon. His fault for what he did, but I don't fault him and kind of understand why he did what he did. It does suck and especially when you watch someone go through it.
Refresh my memory.
It could be /r/jontron
Or(big or) employers allow more leeway and hire excons.
Right now.
No unless they change their mind.
I wouldn't necessarily call it shit. It's very silly, but good.
It's very silly, but I liked it. Ps: thank you for [this.](http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-W-I0oq3lq1E/UCbgtKbHP-I/AAAAAAAAAOM/Gb4IpEniWzE/s1600/anime-quality-fail-005.jpg)
This also looks like she was paid to take photos in the chair.
I'm so fucking hyped to have PFM back.
This is so much fun watching a healthy PFM again.
That cant be real. I've never seen one where majority of the photos is the thing they ask you to click.
Christmas DDoS came late.
And that's why Ubisoft blacklisted them.
Make your account primary when PSN is up.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_8nQWsZuYI
How? Live also gets DDoS and they made bank from the deal.
Off topic ish: now that Smackdown will be live again, it would be cool if they did the split brands again and had two titles.
Only good thing about it was Lightning.
Super Monkey Ball from Sega pls.
Probably should've said "not much can be done" but your solutions also don't work.
First play through yeah, but they made Roach better after a few patches.
/r/PS3
Not a bad game and its very reminiscent of Twisted Metal, but I don't think it will blow up like RL.
Would CES be a place to announce a new firmware update? I doubt it will happen either way.
It really isn't ending though. Kishi is still allowing the ip to be used and is supervising the new mini part 3, any new novel and if they do more movies.
This has nothing to do with PS4
Colin M said $300 would be the perfect price.
Allegedly. Dude won his court case and shouldn't be linked to it but just the fact his name was on something that his name will always be tarnished.
The plot thickens. If true, Doc shouldn't be a hypocrite or in the HoF either.
It's dumb. If he didnt get fat and hurt and played like KGJ in his 30s then he'd be 100%.
No recaps and will pick up during the war in shippuden. You won't understand the characters and the plot without watching/reading Naruto and Naruto Shippuden. Great anime if you don't mind watching 663 episodes and counting.
Going into buildings is nice, but destroying them doesn't feel like GTA and defeats the purpose of a living world.
That's why they made GTAO
AC world design was fine, but witcher style will be interesting.
If you honestly think Japan won't buy into FF then you're delusional.
/r/games cry about everything.
Steve Kerr when he left.
They won't sell squat in Japan ever and idk if they'll even increase EU sales much.
I wonder if It's a console exclusive or will it be on X1. They were never clear and originally it was just PS4 first and PC later.
I do enjoy this arc, but it's pretty lengthy for one dream. I'd like to see Shikamaru's dream, Lee's, Neji's etc.
That's unfortunate. Survival is what I want. Hopefully DayZ gets it's shit together one day.
He spent time charging, same with Naruto but he uses clones and Kurama.
Shaky job security? There are lay offs, but It's usually from being hired as a contractor and you know you'll be let go after everything is done.
I probably should have read the comments, thanks. Happy that they're thinking of PS4 at the same time.
It's his opinion, but he doesn't have to be blunt about it and tell people that "they're shit". Just because you don't like something doesn't mean it's shit. I don't like the Beatles and recognize their greatness for what they did, but I don't go around calling the band shit.
I wonder if Darvish picked that song or even knows about it.
