Twist and Shout - Beatles
Sushi. I don't see the point in it.
"Who was your favorite teacher?"
There is no being named Satan. Satanists are pure atheists. There are no supreme beings. Nature is indifferent to us. The closest thing to a god in our universe is ourselves. You are at the center of your own universe, and you have the power to change it.
I had exactly that happen. I won a $500 gift card in a golf tournament. It was to a very high end men's clothing store. Forget it. The suits started in the thousands. I managed to spend it on a pair of pants and some Ray Ban sunglasses.
Smoked cigarettes. Not long ago I quit for the same reason. Smoking continues to make you look older.
Toby from The Office.
Skipped Chris's funeral. Everybody did. She was a weird, unattractive, unpopular girl who few even noticed. She had a heart attack in gym class at 13. It was shocking to have a classmate die, but few were broken up by it because nobody really knew her. I don't know that a single classmate attended her funeral. This had to hurt her parents, and that never occurred to me until I became a parent myself. I wish I could go back and attend it, and encourage others to join me.
Your girlfriend is rotten to the Corps.
Joe Pesci - Goodfellas
One of the Flanders boys?
30Rock. I will get a joke on the fifth viewing that I didn't even hear on the first four.
That's called "Vaguebooking." A cry for attention.
That's the little wet spot.
President Bush vomiting on the Prime Minister of Japan.
Usain Bolt winning the Olympic gold in the 100 M is the best athletic performance I've ever seen.
I have a very particular set of skills, skills I have acquired over a very long career.
There was an undertaker in southern USA that was raided, and hundreds of bodies that should have been cremated were thrown out in the woods behind his business. It was a shocking story, but it broke on or about 9/8/01 - and was hugely overshadowed a few days later.
I can play the drums.
Is Saturday Night Live popular? Either way, I just don't have the patience for it.
I already regret throwing away my first cell phone. Mid 80's from Radio Shack. Picture a car battery with a handset on it.
Tobias Funke?
Somehow it's OK to throw around the word "idiot," even though clinically that falls below "retarded" in the spectrum. Next step down is "moron," and that gets used with impunity too.
Eaten sushi. I'd try it if it was put in front of me, but otherwise the rawness doesn't appeal to me.
TIFU by invading and trashing Kuwait.
What about if they gave you their garbage email? The one that gets tons of ads every day because they use it for purchases and such. I was dating a woman who I sensed gave me that address and didn't like it. I couldn't be trusted with her good one?
People controlling their own cars at high speeds on highways, rather than a computer driving it.
I hate the "you choose to be happy or sad" nonsense. Tell that to a slave, or an ISIS victim.
Archer. I saw it referenced somewhere and recorded an episode. Now I can't stop, and even 3rd or 4th viewings of the same episode brings new laughs.
Drinking the milk of other species, after we're done weaning. We're the only mammal on Earth that does this. A subway rat would find it disgusting.
If you wanted to quit smoking, but still stick something in your mouth - your choice was lollipops or toothpicks. Thank you inventor of the e-cig!
It was in my 20's when I started noticing people in authority looking too young for that job. Teachers, police officers, etc.
Switching to high beam headlights. The switch used to be on the floor. It was easy to use, and hard to hit by mistake. The turn signal lever did not need this additional function.
That was around when they started changing. Mid 70's and earlier were all on the floor that I saw.
Cheating on your spouse is life changing, and almost always for the worse in the long run.
Thank you! For 3 years, I've never known how people did all those things.
Van Dyke?...Clark?...Nixon? None of them?
10 great stories...50 amusing anecdotes....200 well timed puns....and 5000 comments that nobody gave a rat's ass about.
Donald Trump said that Sen John McCain is no war hero, because he got caught and imprisoned. He's said many outrageous things since then - but I think this is where it all started.
Just because it's in a fancy meme doesn't mean it's true.
Donuts!
You sharted in the pair you showed up in.
This is brilliant. You don't have to peel their whole hand away, just part of it. I shall remember this.
Nuclear fission, even in the simplest of terms.
A ride to the airport. My boss once called me at 11 PM to pick him up. I told him to grab a cab, save the receipt, and I'll pay it in the morning. He got my point, and apologized for even asking.
My smallest one was barely bigger than a car remote. I miss that size - but I sure don't miss texting with the numbers.
Ask if they ever peed in the pool. If they say yes, they're a pig. If no, they're a liar.
As a kid, I once stepped out of my house and saw a man carrying an oak tree that was at least 100 years old and 100 feet tall. I could see it had just been cut from it's stump, and even though his arms couldn't nearly encircle it, there he was slowly walking along with it. Then I realized that out of vision was a crane holding it from the top, and he was simply guiding it. Then they went on to cut it apart from the bottom up. But for those 10 seconds, I thought I was seeing some kind of superpower.
"The Movie Was Better"
It's not just pinup girls showing side-boob anymore.
We lived in an old colonial, and there was a closet for coats near the front door. The back wall of that closet stopped about 2' short of the floor, and if you crawled under it, it opened up into the space below the stairs. I was the only one who would go back there, so it was my private space. I listened to my record player in there.
And even the very best have to endure a lot of bad sets in order to come up with the polished one you saw on HBO. It's constant trial and error. The pain of jokes, or even an entire set falling flat is something few people could handle.
Arrogance. Whether they're a have or a have-not makes no difference.
Can I have your name....address....phone number....blood type..... Radio Shack never got any of that out of me!
So true. There were only about 5 websites up at the beginning of the decade.
I'm going to be 70 in only 12 years.
I remember talking outside with a few neighbors about a particular movie, and one of them went inside and came back out with a review of the movie and it's playing times all printed out. That was the first thing I ever saw pulled from the internet, and I knew I needed to get online.
My college Biology final was multiple choice, all the answers came from a labeled diagram of the body. I heard the girl sitting at 10 O'Clock snicker, and when I looked her way I saw her column of answers spelled out "Merry Christmas" I quickly changed what would have been about a C into an easy A.
Continue the fight after being shot in the shoulder.
Scott's Tots.
Hazel Wassername on 30Rock. She seemed like an unnecessary character being jammed into the show, and then I realized that's what the character was doing on TGS. Putting herself in the middle of everything.
Reading under a dim light. That strains your eyes no more than quiet music strains your ears.
Latrina.
If you think Obama is the worst president in US history, you don't know your US history.
This is why we shouldn't elect people who were born on other continents, and then show fake ID.
I only recently learned that Pres McKinley was essentially bought and put there by the reigning industrialists of the time. Rockefeller, Carnegie, and J P Morgan. He did exactly what they wanted him to do, which was keep the federal government out of their businesses. Labor laws, workplace safety, anti-trust violations...none of that got any attention until he was out of office.
The first hand hold makes my heart pitter patter more than the first kiss does. I happen to be in a new relationship where we haven't done it yet. Saturday is Date #3. I might be getting some hand.
"Your test results came back positive."
The health benefits of Shakeology, and the financial freedom attained by selling it to your friends.
Is strawberries and whipped cream healthy?
Bed bugs. They don't play fair, like mosquitoes. They know when a human is sleeping by their breathing pattern, and that's when the feast begins. But first they inject you with a numbing agent, so you'll never catch them in the act. The itching begins long after they're gone on a full belly.
The Twizzlers keep the kid employed. The typical theater breaks even on ticket sales, at best. Every film they commit to is a gamble, and they lose money as often as earn it. The concessions is their profit, that goes to more places than the owner's pocket.
Saving money at someone else's expense? At the grocery store, that's called shoplifting. Brag away.
And wave yellow towels at football games.
Virus Attached
It took me a couple weeks to figure out I had them too. I was buying moisturizers for what I thought was a dry skin problem. Then I noticed some bites. So the next time I woke up in the middle of the night, I jumped up and turned on the light. There were about 10 of them on my sheets.
Men tend to say "uh," and women use "um." As we get older, the more likely both sexes are to use "uh."
I would have to have two loaves at all times. His and Hers.
This happens sometimes with people who pull in from a side street. When I'm squeezing in that way, I practically floor it for that first quarter mile so the person behind me doesn't need to brake.
I saw Daniel Tosh call out the "woo girl" right at the beginning of his stand-up. "That girl who just yelled woo the loudest? The guy who brought you wishes he could stick a grenade up your ass and blow you up."
I was really disappointed with a woman I was dating who did this in Target. She changed her mind on the towels in her cart, and just tossed them on top of a clothes rack. She had also made a mess of the towel section while shopping for them. I jokingly criticized her for it, but in reality she dropped quite a few points that day. Selfishness and laziness are unattractive traits.
Is that you Pee Wee?
Stopping right inside the entrance. "Hmm...which way should I go....hmmm."
When an employee argues over a procedure or rule that I insist on. It's not even the matter at hand that bothers me, it's the bigger picture that they're arguing it. In my world, if my employer says that the first minute of every work day is to be spent standing on one foot next to my desk - I either do it, or quit. I don't argue that it's not necessary or stupid. I don't cheat and actually stand on two feet. I get there early to make sure I don't miss the one foot minute.
They never prosecuted because all they had was he said/she said evidence.
Recreational running. I understand the appeal for those who like it, but I never did.
The worst that can happen is you go crashing down in a ball of flaming aluminum and seat cushions.
A witness to Abraham Lincoln's assassination was a contestant on a TV game show.
Samuel Seymour was a 5-year-old in the audience at Ford's Theater that night. In 1956, he appeared on the show, "I've Got A Secret."
My interview for a boiler room job back in the 1980's. I very quickly surmised that they were selling worthless investments. I didn't mind high pressure sales, I had already done it. But this was stealing, and targeting the people who could least afford it.
I like the Polish, "Not my circus, not my monkeys" for "Not my problem."
The fax machine. That miraculous invention changed my life. A few of us splintered off and opened a satellite office for our company, just because we wanted to live on the other side of the country. The fax machine made it no different than being on the other side of the room.
I saw it the best way - from a commercial flight that happened to go right over it. I didn't have to go an inch out of my way, just casually look down.
That would scare the devil out of me.
Dezeeze. Ayds. Kanser. Leprissy. Skervee.
Ahh..it would start with my first cigarette in years.
The national anthem to the country you're in.
The pack mentality. How quickly people jump aboard a movement without questioning it. Social media has made it easier to form a mob than ever before.
Turning down invitations or requests without any excuse. Can you help me move on Saturday? "No." That's it. I don't have to tell you what I'm doing instead, or go on about my sore back - just a simple no.
I just learned the other day that Orville Wright was still alive when the atom bomb was dropped. I wonder about his thoughts on that.
