It is threads like this that give the CTE a bad name in the battlefield community. A few loudmouths crying about stuff that does not need to be fixed.
Running into Claymores is literally carelessness. I know man, we have all been into that. You run around a corner, probably want revenge on some guy. Boom. You are dead. It also happens randomly, some guy cleverly places the Claymores at his flanks. Or that one time I placed a Claymore directly in the "out of nowhere" area south of F on Golmud Conquest Large - someone really ran into it. But - the thing I described above is a one in a million occurence. Most of the time people place it in doorways. And that is perfectly fine. If you don't run around careless you will never run into a claymore. You either: 1) Throw a grenade at it 2) Shoot the claymore at a safe distance 3) Wait till a friendly hits the claymore and revive him/heal him 4) Simply go the other flank. It does not warrant a nerf in any way. It is a very situational tool, if you nerf it, no one will ever use it again. Same as the nerf was too much with the SLAMs (and keep in mind, I never used them much, but still think the nerf to them was too much)
1.) You can never see your own soldiers face anyway 2.) Having to render more detailed/different faces per character adds unneccesary strain to the games performance 3.) When I am in a firefight I want to be able to immedieately tell which threat I am facing 4.) Adding this in would bring absolutely nothing new to the gameplay table and would waste valuable ressources
So awesome! Finally a proper battlefield map!
Blame the newer generation of gamers with attention spans of a fruitfly for all those clusterfuck maps we had in BF3/4. Now finally a proper map comes around and they still have the nerve to complain.
Not this shit again. On EVERY map there are points of interests and flags that are exclusively made for infantry fighting. If you so desire you can fight there the entire round as infantry. The rest of the players engage in combined arms warfare meanwhile. Why? Because this is battlefield! I am so glad DICE doesn't cater to people always whining about those evil vehicles and how they disrupt their gameplay. Why even play battlefield in the first place if you do not like its core mechanics?
This sounds actually pretty cool!
I habe absolutely no problem melting people up close with the AEK, FAMAS or some PDWs, even against shotgun users. Not at all. You should simply adapt and get better at the game before crying wolf that XY is OP or UP.
If the only reason you play a game because of a meaningless virtual carrot in form of 'ranks', instead to actually PLAY BECAUSE THE GAME IS FUN, then there is something wrong with you, not the game. I couldn't care less what silly number stands beside my name, because I'm having fun with the game.
Or you could simply shoot the guy, sparing you from a silly overly long animation. Why this is in the game in the first place I will never understand.
What's with you and all those terrible ideas and at the same time acting like a know it all on this reddit? It's no wonder people have a bad imagine of the cte in mind when you can read stuff like this that needs absolutely no changing. I agree about the transport vehicles though. Just add a few more dirtbikes, quads, hovercraft etc.
I didn't have a problem with the assignments, didn't care much about them since unlockint them naturally during normal gameplay came easy. The problem is finding the dogtags. There are no 'dogtag hunt' servers anymore and I will sure as hell not waste my and my teams time to look for them during normal play. Forcing players to find those tags instead of doing something team related that is rather hard to was yet another failure. No one likes RNG, players rather want to actively engage in gameplay, not looking for random luck based shit.
No one forces you to do this. Only the superiority complex makes you think you have to do this and being an active hindrance to your team in the process, wasting tickets, everyones time and nerves.
If you are constantly beaten because you have been spotted on the map then you're simply not a good tanker anyway. All I read are still just excuses to be a douchebag.
The game is much more enjoyable with faster acceleration to me. It felt sluggish and unresponsive before.
Yes this needs to be changed ASAP as it is a most urgent issue.
Wow they look a lot more like soldiers than CTUs. Then again, the Speznaz look so too. The woman looks very tryhard
But the AH already has smart rockets :P
Something that people like to forget is the difference in skill involved. I started pretty late to use jets (just a few weeks ago) and for a newbie in the air it is absolutely brutal what you have to learn. There are stingers, people sneaking up with ECM with their wingmen, using active radar, the jet physics themselves not even talking about actually being able to hit your opponents constantly. Now tell me, what does it take to be effective in the mAA? Even my little brother could 'learn' to use this thing and press LMB1 every once in a while aiming in the general direction of an aircraft and laughing as it drops to the ground.
For some people everyone who steps in a jet apparently instantly becomes a pro :D
The only thing that pisses me off about it is the mobility hit.
Do some people (the few plus their thousand alt accounts) have vietnam flashbacks when they hear the sound of aircraft or where does this irrational butthurt come from? Some people seriously need help.
For someone who could never test golmud on night, how is the jet combat on this map? I have a hars time to imagine how dogfights are supposed to work.
Quality of discussion really dropped on this sub lately. I guess holiday season and people are bored.
Downvote for an objective observation. Stay classy
Because it annoys stealth jet pilots more.
But I agree with everything you said? Everything is fine except for the arm mobility hit on jet and anti air. Inapplauf dice for the balance actually. Why did my comment above warrant downvotes?
This is obviously a very important issue
I play on console for 2 years now and never had problems with OOR players. Stop blaming your own shortcomings on other players. The netcode is very good now and I dont have any problem getting my bullets to register.
40-60 depending on which server I join.
On the servers I play on there are always people from all corners of the world. US players especially, lots of them. People from KSA and so on. I notice no difference and they get killed just as fine as any others. Infact, after the last patch hit registration and snappiness has never felt better.
No, it messes up the target aquisitation too much. Maybe that's why I dont notice it too much?
I'd rather have assignments like this that involve actually playing the game than stupid shit like morse codes or dogtag hunts.
15 minute video of someone talking who likes his own voice a bit too much warrants a new thread? Ok. It doesn't take 15 minutes to say that ARMs are broken due to the short notice that often ignores CMs due to latency (just the same like aps in tanks); hits across the entire map and is spammable with simply aiming in the general direction of the enemy. What would a maa or hell any armour driver would say if jets or helis had a new missile that hits them across the map, has a very hit or miss counter to it and flips the tank so you are forced to abandon the vehicle? I am sure you would appreciate it do you. Remove the mobility hit from the ARM and make its range a few 100m shorter and you wont have as many threads about the mAA.
Yeah I've given up on it. One of the 3 assignments I have yet to do in BF4 and I dont see me ever getting these ucav kills. As for this thread, nice summary, but overly emotional discussions or fact bending videos with fabricated matches still get a lot more views on here than a guy simply saying the truth. And lo and behold the alts have already arrived.
As per usual in all of these threads, remove the mobility hit of the ARM and the mAA is fine
I use all vehicles regardless if air or land and just want even chances and balance for everyone.
I have the same problem, tried it on Golmud Rush, Silk Road, basically all china rising and wide open maps to no avail. Not even mentioning how USELESS you feel having to wait so long and then not being able to kill anything. I will try that trick with exiting the ucav out, thank you!
We had that mode in BF3 and it was incredibly boring.
Tank Superiority.
PDWs are way better than Carbines. So, no.
Yeah both of these are good, UMP with its awesome damage over a good range and the PDW with its carbine damage model and omgwtf-hipfire. I like the Groza for its AS VAL damage model and amazing precision. For some reason out of all automatic guns the groza has the highest accuracy for me at 25%. The reload is pretty long though.
These glitches only happened one time to me on xbone a few months ago when the xbox live network got ddosed. If you want any control over what match you want to join in, well I would never use the quickmatch option. Maybe it is a PS4 issue with the glitches in the browser? I do agree that it's a shitty situation though.
Adding a competitive feauture behind the wall of some stupid puzzle that has nothing to do with battlefield gameplay is simply unacceptable and typical DICE LA retardation. So many good ideas and then some 'wtf were they thinking??' ones.
I myself refused to look for this stuff but if you offer help.. are you on console? Edit: ah, pc ofcourse :(
Did you buy the game because you wanted a first person shooter with combined arms or because you wanted to go on empty servers to decipher morse codes? I don't know about you, but for me it is the former. People who have schedules and work only have a little timeframe to play the game. And I put an emphasis on PLAY, not this shit. When i come home from work I want to play the game with my friends, who also have limited time. And since we like to play competitive this 'feauture' is even more stupid. If it would be unlocked by actually playing battlefield noone would complain. So think before you speak.
The other players are blind as well during the whiteout. It makes it so that people can use it to push forward, same like the smoke grenades work.
Randomness leads to unpredictability and this is good if you want to flank outside. I agree about the blinding effect when you go inside.
Are you seriously asking why mutual misinformation is a bad thing?
I forgot to mention that there are clear unlock paths ingame. Not everyone jerks off to jjjus twitter messages, let alone reads them. It's not only a big fuck you to people who PTFO, but also a middlefinger to the casual player.
Ofcourse I did. Have you read what I wrote?
Thank you for that wonderful contribution!
I dont even know how to respond to a comment as sillly as this id.
Thank you! So can we see this statement as official?
No one complains about the ability to unlock this but HOW it is unlockd via non gameplay.
I dont know about you; but I didnt have to unlock morsecodes theough the campaign and just had to play?
Wat I simply had to play the singleplayer in the same game, just without other players.
And it negating a fuckload of content in multiplayer content should be kept a 'secret' too?
The IR/FLIR sights? If the antithernl camo needs to stay, make it an actual unlock in the game that is clearly advertized in terms of ingame UI and such, via assignment. Also, watch everyone then equipping said camo because this is a terrible way to balance night sights
The CS5 is the best close quarters bolt action, if you can't get consistent killd with it you are doint something wrong.
It's not hard at all to kill armor - maybe you should try playing in an actual team instead of expecting you can kill everything on your own? And only a small minority of the battlefield playerbase even knows about this camo let alone watches youtube videos about it. Nowhere in the game is it actually explained how to get this thing.
Yup I agree. Sadly they can't remove it now in BF4, but one can only hope things like this wont be in BF5.
Reddit and Battlelog sure is 'everywhere', you got me there dude. How's it going, have you got 1 jet kill yet or are you still whining over the UCAV?
The sound on this rifle is beautiful!
You have the patience of a saint :)
The only thing I have the IRNV equipped on is in tanks when I play on zavod and flir in heli. Don't be too quick to judge.
Too late for BF4, but yeah. Transport vehicles in general need a bit more love. Customisation is one thing, rewarding the driver and pilot for bringing in more folks to the objective is another. Especially on Dragon Valley and Flood Zone I've spent matches constantly in the transport chopper to bring in new bodies faster at contested flags and to line up the chopper for the minigunners. Not many points you get there considering how dangerous and important it is for the team.
I am sorry that I play the game the way it was meant to be played and am interested in a well balanced game. The fact that the camo was bugged and never intended to have the anti FLIR/IRNV feauture also escaped you?
One can tell that you never played Battlefield 2. All of OPs suggestions are reasonable.
I never use IR optics, thank you for not reading the the OP
I'd always wanted for support or engineer to have deployable sand bags or barbed wire.. this would be really cool imo.
And thank god there is a votekick feauture in R6 to remove asshats that do that from the game. :)
Xone user. Performance has never been better to me after last patch. :/
Sadly there is no budget left for translation work so the symbols have to make it. A combination of the detailed and numerous icons from BF4 and the not so intrusive Battlefront message 'poor connection, this affects your gameplay experience!' would be ideal imo.
I must be the only one who always enjoys the singleplayer campaign.. it gives me context to what's happening in the multiplayer and the battles fought, why the factions are clashing etc.. it's also an enviroment to try out different weapons against targets that actually move opposed to the test range. I also don't like the idea with the different nationalities. BF has always been about two or more countries standing armies going against each other, not an un-cohesive mish mash of units.
Haven't stirred up too much airhate drama lately, haven't you? And as usual, your post consists of nothing but hyperbole.
This would make it even harder for players playing without their friends getting into the chopper. So, no.
Holy shit, it's like you're not even trying anymore. Logged in to the wrong alt?
It's 150m from A to B, with cover from buildings and even a house you can go through.
You should seek professional help immedieately
3 people working together can already shred the AH in seconds. Don't fly into it in a straigth line, align the ~ symbol as a pilot directly on the AH. It means its the sweet spot for both minigunners to to be able to hit.
Enjoy talking to yourself?
BF3 choppers were not half as effective as OP claims them to be in BF4.
I have nothing against the attack helicopter and like flying it myself, but I also think this glitch needs to be fixed.
A cool little addition. Maybe finally people stick around in the squad a bit more when they see me going out of my way to keep them alive..
The damage model and 'feel' are perfect right now. I hope they bring this over to BF5. I like it because it rewards the player with more skill and control of his weapon, not the one who saw the enemy first.
Just use the votekick feauture..
ANOTHER female? -_-
Only douchebags will do stuff like this. I have around 3000 kills as mostly the AH pilot and would never claim a chopper as 'mine' and kick/burn the gunner out. It is a nonissue, as my friend who is usually the gunner just takes a different vehicle and goes to town. Sometimes you have a bad gunner, sometimes not and a lot of times some people messaged me that I was a good pilot and they were grateful to fly and gun with me. I do the same when I spawn as a gunner to someone. We all bought the game to have fun and try out the stuff in game - no reason to be a douche about it. The game needs less asshats and tryhards. If you can't handle random players then you are bad and bought the wrong game. People like the guy in the video are not interested in the team winning, only their kills. Else they would not waste their and a teammates time and kills friendly soldiers which takes away tickets.
Simply do not play on these servers if you don't like that gameplay? I don't like it either but who are you to tell others how they should enjoy their freetime in a videogame?
Yes and for some reason especially air vehicles attract these children specially. I have seen some douches in the tank but not as many as in the AH. Reminds me of the battlefield friends video, 'out the choppi.' everyone laughs about this guy :)
What's wrong with 64 player locker on conquest large? Now Metro was bullshit and the worst map in BF history, but I dont mind Locker, atleast you have 3 different mainlanes to push forward.. And yeah now i know what you meant with the OP. Sorry, I was wrong and misread. :) Creating a bit more focussed 'narrative' and framework sounds like a good thing. Sadly, many players dont know, care or want teamwork and you cant magically make them do it...
Although I respect the people playing BF competitive for their dedication - you really put time and thought into it - I simply dont see it as 'real' battlefield. Close quarter domination matches where 3/4 of what the game has to offer is banned, or conquest on large maps with only 10 or 16 players simply is not battlefield to me. I also disagree on some of the shooting mechanics you described, going full auto even in close quarters instead to burst WILL make some of your bullets land not on target - despite you being one of the best infantry players you are too sometimes victim of this in the videos I saw. What I agree on is that the skill ceiling is too low, but I am not sure how to fix this. More recoil is not the solution IMO.
It's already enough that I have to see people making their guns look like toys, now you want to take it a step further and allow further immature shit. What the hell is wrong with you people?
It's easy to seperate the manchildren from the normal people by this :) teabaggers get votekicked out instantly.
I simply like to play competitive. This involves having respect to your fellow teammates and enemies. It is calles sportsmanship. I am sorry if you are too bad to play games in non childish ways.
Who is butthurt, me or you and the guys downvoting it? :D People who display no sportmanship get removed from the squad. Simple premptive measures, no butthurt involved as we mostly dont even lose a word about it.
Lmao I play together with 4 friends. We always switch over to gamechat and ask the 5th guy friendly if he has a microphone. Had lots of fun and good times with randoms. The people who teabagged however were in 90% of the cases either squeaker kids 'trolling', blasting shitty music over the microphone or simply don't bother to talk. That's why we developed the habit to votekick them out.
Not the games problem if you are too bad to get 5 lousy kills from a location. This assignment can be done in 2 minutes - yet you choose the easy way out. Says a lot about you.
The very first game on multiplayer I ever did was as defender on the snow cottage map. I spawned in, saw a figure running before me without a nametag above and shot him in panic. Turns out we were still in preparation phase and I shot Mute. -.- Later that round my 3 other teammates got engaged in a firefight in the cellar and I desperately looked for a way down there. I accidentally flanked the enemy team, 3 guys with their backs turned to me and killed them all. Then the guy I teamkilled before said in his microphone that I am atleast as good killing enemies as I am with killing teammates. That was reall shameful to me :/ I apologized to him and all was good.
