In my experience in Squirrel Hill and Shadyside the cars with tickets usually have "Alumni" stickers on them, or those stick figure families. I think more often than not it's the people who can afford $30 to not have to move their cars, not college students with little to no liquid assets.
&gt;Never owned a single Apple product. I knew that was coming as soon as you mentioned Apple.
For those who don't know the list of Gap brands: * Gap (+Baby Gap, Gap for Her, etc.) * Banana Republic * Old Navy * Athleta * INTERMIX
&gt;if you're thinking gf marital Whoa. Let's not be hasty here.
I figured that one out the hard way. The shame.
This started out exactly how my best friend and his fiancée started dating. But of course there's the fiancée thing in his case.
I change my own oil but I'd have to go look, just like I have to check the recommended tire pressure every time I put air in them.
I was joking about "marital" meaning having to do with marriage, as opposed to what I expect you meant which was "material".
Blue white pink horizontal stripes. I think it's a thing that should exist for completeness but understandably there isn't a huge demand (and likely some active resistance to) it.
Nope that's where you play Russian roulette with one of those T-shirt cannons they use at baseball games.
Person of Interest. The commercials sucked, but once a friend sat me down to stared watching I was immediately hooked.
The concept of a public government office not having public contact information baffles me. In the US (well Pennsylvania at least) I have the right to know which office cubicle a certain public servant sits in alongside a floor plan of the building, not to mention their email and desk phone number.
I would expect an appropriate book and licensing deal would bet you much more than the initial $5 million.
The only thing worse than an Apple fanboy (which I'm not) is a Windows fanboy, although I'm not even sure you're that. What I do gather is that you have some personal vendetta against Apple. Yes the Apple mice suck and always have, but the trackpads do not. And that is based on having used trackpads on HP, Asus, Dell, and Lenovo laptops. The trackpad on my MBP is far and away better than any other offering I've seen. My point is, had the OP asked for advice on Apple mice peripherals your comment would be relevant. OP did not ask that though. It's as if someone asked how to refill the tires on their car and I responded that their current tires are shit so they ought to buy Goodyear but really the Porsche they're driving is overpriced for its performance and Camaros are considerably better so they should stop being a stupid Porsche fanboy and buy a proper car. If you behaved that way in real life you'd get punched in the face. I see no reason swapping cars for computers and Reddit for real life should allow you to behave so petulantly.
&gt;until your ignorant *ss showed up. &gt;I don't even take my Mac's out in public anymore because I'm ashamed to be label a queer since Apple went all gay oriented/pride and all that. At least no one needs to take you seriously anymore.
To be fair in an actual emergency situation you do want to be naked to ensure optimal transfer of body heat. This is a treatment for hypothermia, not fever, of course.
Mine curves pretty significantly. I have to be basically planking on the toilet tank and the counter to achieve proper aim.
He would be a pretty decent president too I think, if he weren't a Tea Party puppet. Sad to say.
&gt; Genesis Khan She has an invisible touch, auf dein Wohl Mädchen hey Mädchen ho?
Also elasticity indicates a return to the initial shape, whereas plasticity involves permanent deformation of the material.
Or do your appropriate civic duty and don't block a public parking space. I swear I moved here from Philly and about the only thing both cities can agree on is being selfish, entitled, and narrow minded asshats about street parking. Well that and you guys call hoagies the right thing so yinz aren't all bad.
I think you misinterpreted that part of the article. He was giving examples of what neural nets *can* do, but this particular program has only ever seen Magic cards. The tendency to make up words is entirely a feature of the neural net.
The 6+ already has a 1080p display.
With music and content and Apple Pay though it's not Apple dragging their feet. Anything that requires negotiations with other companies takes time, probably much more than you realize, and the labels are sometimes totally separate entities in different countries. Banks are even more divided.
Also the mood playlists have not been available on Spotify since "day one". In fact only in the last year or two did they become a standard feature. They were part of a "Spotify App" that got incorporated (presumably by purchase) once Spotify saw that they were popular.
Did you know most of them say it on the sticker? Because I didn't until someone pointed it out. When I was 21. *facepalm*
But with the huge continued growth of the iPhone and iOS devices as a whole, there are millions of users who are picking up their first Apple device. That's who the Tips app is for, not you. While that is a good argument for making it hideable, it isn't insulting to you. You are choosing to be insulted by something intended for others. Are you insulted by the Braille on signs in public buildings or the tutorial level in video games?
A person who, while evil, was in some ways a badass.
The UK has had a relatively slow and "soft" conversion to metric, in that many Imperial units are still used informally or supplementarily. This is especially true with speeds and distances as well as generally with automobile-related units. Not to mention body weight in stone.
Whose name always sounds like Bashir is saying it in my head.
It discover it contained a listening device?
Can't help you on the Hebrew/Yiddish, although attempting a different transliteration might give you more luck, ie matzoh vs matza (the latter is unrecognized by iOS). Y cambiar a español y regresar requiere un botón. Much faster than fighting autocorrect the whole time, even for me with 7 languages.
Non-linear storytelling. A scene five minutes ago in episode time could be 7 days ago in-world, or even in the future, relative to the current scene. The books are also somewhat loose about this. Bran and Jon Snow's near miss happens quite a long way apart in terms of pages between the points of view.
Now they're going to bed And my stomach is sick And it's all in my head But she's touching his chest Mr Brightside by the Killers. Such a well done missing rhyme.
The house I grew up in has this problem. It has nothing to do with the skill of the driver, the type of car, or the design of the road. It has everything to do with the relative angle of the driveway entering the road, which cannot be changed due to utilities. If you park a car immediately across from the driveway exit it becomes nearly impossible to drive around if there are any cars in the far lane. They pull to the center leaving less than a full lane width for a more than 120° turn. In other words, get off your high horse. It's a perfectly reasonable request of there is ample parking space.
It's just the general cycle of things: what's gimmicky may some day be mainstream. The turning point is when you can say "here's a problem, and now here's a feature that solves it" instead of making up problems to justify the feature. Apple is very good at nailing that transition.
Except it does affect 1Password. The 9to5 reporting leaves it a bit ambiguous but other sites including MacRumors explicitly identify 1Password as a vulnerable app.
As of iOS 9 it's assumed they will be, because they're moving to iCloud. At the moment they actually sync via IMAP just like your email, so they're not encrypted except ~~possibly~~ in transit.
It was Lilliana raising zombies though. We decided the first time it was posted (forever ago) that it's probably an MTG reference.
&gt;we loved getting Huggies every few houses so we could hydrate. to me Huggies are diapers
Note I believe this requires a crossover Ethernet cable if you directly connect them. Some newer networking hardware can accommodate this with a standard cable but I don't know if the iMac supports it and the XP machine almost certainly doesn't.
It's more like Eee-rock.
I should clarify everywhere has standardized on this per recommendations from the NHTSA, but as with all things regulatory grandfathering and replace-as-needed mean total compliance can take decades.
I don't remember needing any such thing, but one of my recommendations was from a Lutheran pastor so perhaps it was just a non-issue. He knew I was an agnostic atheist though; he just also happened to be one of the leaders I got a rec from.
&gt;Former Eagle scout here Once an Eagle, always an Eagle. Or something.
Wait a minute…
Implant it next to the jugular or something. Anywhere that's relatively easy and safe to cut into with a scalpel and anesthesia but would be deadly using a field knife or a letter opener.
I had no issues with it when I took it first semester. It *was* probably my hardest class that term but was nowhere near as impossible as I was lead to expect. I took it concurrently with Calc II and without 3D Calculus experience, and honestly learned more of those in Physics II than I did in the actual classes. I will say though that I had a fantastic professor and the best TA I've ever had, so your mileage may vary.
I'm pretty sure Jim Butcher contributed a decent amount of the in-universe writing for the rulebooks, and he definitely approves of the game because *he* approached Evil Hat to make it after he started getting rights inquiries. Incidentally, based on that rule my playgroup decided my relatively young wizard character can, with occasional glitches, carry and use one of those 80s mobile phones. Specifically it's a radiation-hardened military model, and it will hex out if he starts slinging combat magic, but for day-to-day stuff he's only a couple decades behind. He also once managed to use an iPhone for almost 20 seconds before it exploded in a shower of sparks. I rolled really well on control XD
I consider them even more deserving of the title.
Barre does go pretty all-out I'll grant you. Most of the others just look like Daft Punk wannabes in my opinion.
But like, how do you search for that? As soon as you put "Asian" in your query you go immediately full-Japanese, in my experience.
As a corollary if someone is doing this for you *don't show up early*. Did it for a GF once and she showed up half an hour early then complained it took 45 minutes after she showed for us to start eating.
Well there's gentrification where you actively displace the poor residents, and then there's the sort (which is most of what I see in Pittsburgh) where you move into already abandoned properties and make something good out of them. That said I think we're going to hit a "luxury" apartment crash here in the next three or so years. What would be nice would be more mid-level housing, so there can be somewhere to live in the city that's not either a student-blighted shithole of a building or a $1500/month luxury loft.
It's a fair question. I do have a defs mod of my own tweaks for a couple items, but none of those touch powered items of any kind and I've been using those tweaks for three or four games now without problems. The fact it was drawing exactly double its nominal power (I eventually moved it and the new one works fine) makes me suspect it was being double-counted somehow, rather than a problem with the item itself.
I wish you could set individual nags though. Have it remind you about obsolete units or that annexed city you forgot to build a courthouse in. Match the nagging to your own stupidity.
Sarcasm is best in moderation. I said I wanted the ability to set which nags you hear, not to have it know automatically what you want. There's no mind-reading involved to tell if you have unupgraded units.
Facebook's TOS doesn't trump iOS settings in any way. If you have access turned off in Privacy in the settings app Facebook doesn't have access. Period.
I love all the bullshit complaints from the developers in that thread of replies. Complaining that Apple provides an API but doesn't allow it to be abused.
Seeing that was enough to cement that I will never do business with them. Not that I planned to before, but absolutely not now.
They've seemingly pulled every app with the flag in it in any way. That includes countless Civil War strategy games, regardless of whether the Confederacy is even playable. In the real world this would be equivalent to banning the use of the Confederate flag from historical reenactments at Gettysburg, or like the German ban on swastikas in media (something most Americans find an unpalatable level of censorship even if it has good intentions).
Do you guys have some sort of Apple-related Controversy Beacon or something that alerts you it's time to ride in on your high horse?
I like pretty much every solution to a bug or inconsistency the author suggests, but their design taste for general suggestions seems mediocre at best.
He'll have a hard time finding one that's not Fox News or the like.
I assumed this was a reference to how young the woman on the left looks.
While absolutely correct and good for proving your point, that sentence is objectively awful.
It is usually a refurbished item, unless the release was particularly recent or you very recently bought it. Apple's refurbishment process however means that your replacement has a brand new outer case and was possibly never even actually used to begin with.
So I'm familiar with lens distortion but I'm having trouble believing there's not also some lighting and makeup shenanigans in that particular set. EDIT: *yes this shows lens distortion* I'm not denying that at all
Did the same thing after accidentally running a red light (literally had no idea there was a traffic light for this one-lane alley in the middle of the block even after he stopped me) and eventually my politeness and sincere confusion got me out of it. I even couldn't find my proof of insurance because I was so nervous. Luckily I just got a stern talking to that culminated in him telling me "get your shit together son."
Never said I didn't think lens distortion was a thing. In fact I started my comment with the opposite.
I mean that's the USPS for you. If they can deduce where it needs to go they will eventually get it there.
Bless your heart you're such a moron.
I once tried, and had just said "there's also something called a safety that almost never happens in the NFL so I'll just skip over that" when there was a safety.
I see the same effect in AlienBlue but I've confirmed via screen shot analysis that it's merely an illusion.
"Quinn, Harley" seems like a bit of a stretch.
I was best man, she was the maid of honor. Things just clicked. Apparently the bride and groom (and the groom's mother) had been plotting to set us up for months. They did a terrible job of it but their instincts were right, at least.
&gt;are allowed to put nutritional info and ingredients on the back making it much harder to shop without turning every product Because what I really want is to walk down an aisle full of identical white data tables so I have to closely read or even *turn everything around* to find the item I came to buy.
Kinda like what I did after reading *Gone Girl*.
&gt;Finity is doodoo brown. Probably Cosmic Latte, actually.
Read his username.
Look up a the rest of it (with translation) if you haven't heard it. O Fortuna is one of the least exciting movements in my opinion.
Invented them in fact.
And Hartford is ~~BFD~~ BDL for Bradley Field. EDIT I fucked it up
Yes it is. I have no idea how I messed that up.
Which, before people get all up in arms about it, is roughly on par with the limit for food being "feces-free" or "bug-part-free".
Sugar is on the ingredients list. If you're diabetic you know to check the ingredients as well as the chart. Plus, even if Tic Tacs have 0.49g of sugar each (which I don't believe is true, but it sets an upper limit) eating an *entire box* is ~17g of sugar. I recognize that's not nothing, but it's certainly less significant than any number of other hidden sources of dietary sugar, plus you have to have eaten the whole box.
Shh it's r/science we are obligated to criticize the sample size of every single post.
Well what it is is restaurants know about the "get the second cheapest" trick and sometimes game that. You can get around it by: a) buy the cheapest one anyway, b) buy the third cheapest even though that's also a bit silly, or my favorite c) actually learn just a tiny bit about wine and be able to make an informed choice.
I like that it's phrased basically like "…oh and also he was illiterate".
It's a bug for sure. Granted probably not high on the priority list for the other reason.
It should be very simple to implement on OS X; the issue will be how they handle the fact that a major Mac drawing point for some users is decent OS-level color management. I expect we'll see some sort of indicator involved (menu bar icon maybe? Apple isn't big on those anymore) so creative professionals can be sure they're not accidentally fucking up their color calibration. I'm not saying it won't happen, just that it will be interesting to see how Apple goes about it.
They're talking about taking the lump sum (rather than the annuity), which is almost always the right option for large payouts. EDIT parentheses for clarity
As long as there were more than enough ticket sales to cover the winning margin the state still comes out ahead. If the return was 15% on a $600,000 investment that means MIT was winning a jackpot of ~$700,000 (I'm assuming the jackpot is set to a "nice" number), so the state only needs to sell an additional $100,000 worth of tickets to break even. Considering the jackpot is calculated so the state comes out ahead regardless of whether there's a winner or not (assuming it's run by intelligent people) that's probably a tiny fraction of the total ticket revenue.
But if you're going to do it for the food anyway Coast Guard &gt; Air Force &gt; National Guard &gt; Navy &gt; Army. I don't know where to stick the Marines anymore since we mostly deploy them to landlocked desert countries nowadays. Source: I know too many members of the US Armed Forces and they always argue over food.
Sorry I realize I wasn't as clear as I'd thought. I in fact meant taking the lump sum is better.
Terrifying question: What does that make Q?
Oh it definitely does affect less mobile users but there is a certain amount of minimum distance where that effect is negligible, i.e. If they can make it the distance from their door to a bus stop an additional couple hundred feet is unlikely to really affect their ability to use transit. You can also intelligently place stops to accommodate larger groups of mobility-challenged riders, like by putting stops immediately outside hospitals or nursing homes instead of way down the block. In those cases the close spacing can be a minor issue compared to the benefits. What I'm talking about is places like the South Side or parts of Oakland where stops can be less than 200 ft apart in sections. I can think of a particularly egregious example of stop spacing on Highland Ave next to the Home Depot in East Liberty. There are two stops there that are maybe 2.5 bus lengths apart. If you parked one of the articulated busses at the midpoint the front and back doors would reasonably be at each stop.
See that's interesting. In my experience people are usually really happy that you actually did the thing, because no other cashier in the last week has bothered.
I believe the Irish rationale stems from the fact that they would consider your parent a citizen if they ever claimed it (automatic as the child of an Irish parent); so you're basically just proving you *should yourself be* the child of an Irish citizen.
I consider it pretty much the point of the movie, watching as a youngish guy. You've got JGL's back until pretty much the end of the movie, when you're suddenly forced to realize he, and you by extension, are wrong.
