Exact same thing happened to me. Im heated.
Yea that does make me feel a bit better. Wow making me feel better than Newegg did with just one message
I should've went with Sapphire of XFX instead of msi. Considering they had way more stock. MSI sold out after ten minutes.
- video rendered from a RX 480
Don't you mean 29-1? Lost to Utah second to last game of the season.
Ah
You can take it anywhere. SJSU recommended me to do Fullerton since it was better
Exactly
That's animal abuse
If Lebron didn't get punished for kicking Iggys nuts then why shouldn't Zaza?
Harrison Barnes was in that series
It's great for your value and being fast food, no one can deny that
Andrew Bogut...
Just a reminder lebron has never won a ring without a superteam
Just like your argument of "73-9 means nothing without a ring" then why does it all of a sudden mean something now?
Wtf I never implied that, the only thing I implied was that lebron couldn't win without superstars and Hall of famers
They were up 3-1 but the injuries and suspension completely plagued them. You can't even deny it. Bogut was out the series, Curry was playing on a sprained MCL, Iggy was barely running on his tweaked hamstring, and then there's Harrison Barnes.. playing like he's injured but just shit
Even your own fans agreed game 4 was rigged
I'm interested. Tbh I've been eating terribly and been trying to control myself for awhile now
I agree. Does that also mean I can't pay off my tuition and fees monthly as well for housing..?
What do suites offer compared to normal?
Hey! Keep me updated as well on what you do please if you figure it out!
I live in central California but once every few years I come down to my grandparents condo they own in Laughlin and I think it's fantastic, especially at night. It's beautiful
I wish I could block you
I've got a 480 8 GB
PM me
Why would someone trade a better laptop for a worse one with a dent..
You aren't gonna find 2 1070's for 330. Lmao
Why do I get downvoted just cause of misleading text..
I got a 480 8 GB.. can do 360 shipped.
Would you be willing for a 480 8 GB?
Link??
Yea but unfortunately eBay takes so much with fees including PayPal ☹️
Honestly a 980 Ti is cheap and only performs 5% worse than a 1070. Good luck!
Could be a bad PCI lane on your motherboard. Try a new PCI express slot. Edit: Could also be a DOA GPU
PC part picker. It matches compatible components of your choice and price range
PM'd
Then it's definitely a bad card. Even if drivers weren't installed you'd still get a display of some sort.
I'd invest in less ram and a spend a little more for a 1060. 1050 Ti won't get you the highest settings at 1080p 60 fps. 1060 would be a great option.
Some games are just terribly optimized and that's why both CPU and GPU usage aren't high.
When you pulled the card out you could've possibly fried it through static discharge.
Possibly. I mean once I fried my MacBook Pro doing something similar. The laptop still worked just when it was plugged into the wall. Meaning if you fry it, it doesn't mean you fried the entire thing. Have you ever seen the oven method for fixing a graphics card? I'd suggest researching that on YouTube. Even LinusTechTips did it on a dead GPU and it worked!
Thanks, VRAM is way more important than real ram
Yes always up to date
You're not going to find that for that price.. just letting you know so you don't waste your time. Go for a 980 Ti instead. Cheaper and performs better
Anything but a mini. Best brands are ASUS and MSI
Mining has caused every RX GPU to inflate in price significantly in the last week
How do you find out if it's downvoted? All my phone says is "Vote"
Ah on mobile it says nothing
I can bet.. 430$ for a 4 GB model at least let it be 8
EVGA and no not really. It just performs a little faster. 3 FPS max difference between superclocked and regular
I wouldn't go with the founders edition. Reason being the blower style card. Temps will get hotter and fans will get louder as you play games
Well when Vsync is on, it's like a lag spike.
You'd be surprised
Yea keyword. Might be. Can I guarantee that's the issue? No but right now the card is garbage so your last resort is to put it in the oven hoping that static shock wasn't the issue. Why don't you try offering him some solutions?
"Took Elephant"
Nope high. Sometimes normal.
Yea I think he's already thought of that
That's what confused me. So I do need to purchase a parking permit?
Thanks!
Thanks!
Agreed with big black cock. If that's your lowest budget then I'd consider opting for a cheaper case and spending 50$ for a 1 TB HDD just for games
You're sure the PC is turning on right? Even without drivers the card would still show signal
Needs more RGB's
Thanks!!
Do you also happen to know if those dorm fees (7500$+) are for one semester only or for our full college year?
Prebuilt ones off eBay are usually pretty good. If you were to just buy parts then it would come out more expensive.
Congrats! You just picked a system that Pixar would use to create a movie
Google is your friend. This isn't an uncommon issue believe it or not. In fact I don't even think it's a bad part. Google: "PC starts for a few seconds then shuts off"
They're all over the place. Just be sure you double check it comes with a dedicated GPU. I've seen some with good specs yet has integrated graphics and people claim them as "gaming" rigs
If you have the chance I'd be sure to upgrade that 128 GB SSD to 250. Some programs don't allow to install to any drive but the C drive so overtime it may fill up. Plus speeds for read and write are faster based on amount of storage
Mounting bracket Edit: Come to think of it, each case is different, you'll have to google your case along with "hard drive mounting bracket" at the end
Well that's what I'm saying. 980 Ti is cheaper than both of the above
His 3330 would significantly bottleneck a 1080, it would perform like a 1070 at best
Not going to lie I originally thought you replied to my 989 Ti comment that's why I commented back, lmao my bad 😂
Reset the CMOS. Pull the round battery from the motherboard and leave it for 5 minutes. Reseat the battery and power on the computer. Works every time it seems like
Is your hard drive also installed? If so you need to open computer management then go to disk management and make the partition an active drive letter. Then you'll need to manually go into the hard drive and send the shortcuts of your programs on to the desktop.
Here's the thing. In gaming, there's no such thing as future proofing. New hardware comes out like hot cakes and modern hardware drops in price. A year from now a 1080 Ti will go for 290$ max. You can't future proof because of the mass changing market. Especially when it comes to 4K
I'd do a fresh install maybe a bad install.
1050 Ti and a Ryzen 1600 would be a good combo
Yeah but those motherboards are expensive as fuck lol
I'm just gonna warn you now if you ship it. When I sold my Xbox one on eBay with 3 games and no controller I used USPS and the cheapest shipping possible, it still came out to 47$
Every time I post you take it down that's why I'm doing an opposite post
+1
I have a question. I'm thinking of buying something from r/hardwareswap but if I'm doing a paypal transaction do I just simply send money to them or do I have to use a certain service in order to insure my money?
Used 980 Ti
As far as I know if you have any incompatible parts, the website will give you a warning
Science studio..
That's eBay. On here they've going for around 280
Yea was really hoping I'd lower him down to somewhere at 325$ but I made the mistake and rushed the deal. Thank you!
Also how does 6 GB VRAM look future wise? I'm kinda worried coming from 8 to 6
Newegg.com
That's one terrible processor. Lmao. That'll bottleneck any graphics card you put in there. It was decent 6 years ago but now a days it won't run anything. Take others suggestions
My bad. I've always learned different from that, quite useful to know thanks :P
980 Ti's have been going for a lot less believe it or not. Unless you're talking new
Why the fuck do you have an i3 with a 1080 That's like Tom Brady dating Amy Shumer
Not too long, maybe 3 years
There are no such thing as drivers for a CPU lol. The only drivers are motherboard drivers and most of the time it's only useless bloat ware. Open device manager and see if there are any devices with a yellow triangle that pop out. If so then install the necessary missing drivers. It's also a smart thing to update your bios but make sure you download the right firmware for your board otherwise you can brick it. As long as it's the right board you're fine. Good luck
Look for the SSHD's. If those for whatever reason are out of your budget then look for Black edition drives. Those offer the best speeds
lol I know I just wanted to comment something so I could come back to it
