Such epic work done here!
Not to be a nitpicker, but her name is "Kristen Bell"...gorgeous picture besides that little booboo :D
This image of Chloe definitely makes her look like she's hopped out on one hell of an upper...
Josh Groban is a truly lucky bastard for being her +1 &gt;:(
Awww...Kelly's cohost Mike Strahan doesn't get a taste? ;)
It may not be her natural colour, but Gillian Anderson simply stuns as a redhead...one of sci-fi's titian temptresses :D
Geoffrey Arend is a lucky, lucky bastard :D
Milla looks like she's surprised...maybe she's enjoying the fun more than anticipated? ;)
Fexy (funny-sexy) work :D
Ohhhhh......this is epic! Whoever is the recipient of this moment is a lucky f-ing bastard :D
Gorgeous!
Well...Jessica seems to be enjoying herself! Must be a great stress reliever for her ;)
Beautiful work!
Mighty decent effort but I'm not sure that shade of red works for Evangeline...even if she did it in real life.
Well...Alice/Milla doesn't quite seem to be into the DP...at least it's just futa!Rain and a mystery futa (Claire? Jill?) and not Nemesis or other BOWs taking out her holes ;)
Very nice work! Britney's looking mighty fine here :)
Hmmm...I hope she doesn't get carried away with her self-gratification fun, as that dildo looks like it could hurt if it went in far enough :S
Stunning work by KinkyJimmy! I'd give anything to tongue those pink holes of hers :D
Very sexucational ;)
It's a great picture...but is it just me or does the face have more detail to it than the torso?
Honestly, Bristol has to be use to her mom doing wacky stuff...I mean, where would she have learned how to it otherwise? ;)
You weren't expecting that, were you Bristol? Momma's giving you a good seeing to!
Katy looks like she's really like the DP session...excellent!
Well now...one wouldn't expect THAT as part of the Daleks' method of converting others to into new Daleks! Clara (or is it Oswin, since the dress looks like the one Oswin was wearing in her mental dream world aboard the Alaska's wreckage) looks rather startled at this treatment... ;D
I'm sure Clark appreciates the sentiment :D
Another fantastic image by Sinful Comics :D
Stunning...absolutely stunning work. This is now one of my favourite Star Wars erotic art pieces :D
I'm all for this idea!
Yup...Keira's back as Sabe and Jessica Alba is a new, unnamed handmaiden to the Empress Amidala. I have been in love with this picture since I first came across it...it's even tickled my brain about trying to write a SW fanfic to explain both how Padme seems to have supplanted Palpatine and her rather minimalist dress sense :D
Between Miravi and Shabby Blue, the quality and quantity of outstanding SW erotic art is exactly that: OUTSTANDING!!!
Such a beautiful smile...that's Emma's alone and not a copy of her aunt's :)
Holy shit...is this computer generated?! The detail and sheer perfection of Kate/Selene's face alone is amazing, let alone the entire package! :D
An underrated but highly talented woman...the world needs to know and appreciate Janelle :D
Amazing work here :D
Beautiful stuff :D
Then she will have to step up her game, won't she? ;)
I might feel a little dirty looking at this...but it's a mighty fine fake, I will say that. Mighty fine indeed :D
Taylor definitely has all kinds of oral skills ;D
Oh...I wouldn't be 'speedy' with Willa...oh no, would take my time ;)
I guess that makes casting the XXX spoof of "Arrow" easier, now doesn't it? ;)
Well, the fact she has a young-looking face amplifies the fact she's nearly 10 years younger (2 months short of 10 years, to be semi-exact), which leaves me feeling skeeved at times. Which is probably hypocritical since I find a number of young women attractive who are younger, the same age or slightly older than Debby....
You're doing good works, /u/throwaway6785679, and practice will make perfect :)
Nice...very nice :D
The lighting on Taylor's face in the source photo isn't quite right for the body's lighting but I like :)
Oh honey...Katy sweetie...please, just let people admire the gifts that God gave you. Modesty is a virtue, but at this point? Be proud of yourself :)
Simply spectacular work! So realistic :D
Oh, how I wish this was real... :D
The expression on Ariana's face is a bit too forced, but otherwise this is a Grade A fake. And we really can't help the expression, I suppose ;)
Oh, to be that lollipop right now.... :D
A decent job here...not super-versed in technical terms, so my critique would be simply "face/head needs a tad more work to make it blend in better with the body source's neck, especially the angle of the head as Rose looks like her neck's fractured"...
Hmmm...a decent x-ray fake here. The CG-generated aureolae are a tad Tomb Raider 1's "Nude Raider" patch but monkeying with photos like this has to be time-consuming work. I salute the artist :D
Amazing job with this!
If only this was the real advertising for the FIFA Women's World Cup....
Emilia definitely looks like a cat with a bowl of cream ;)
Lovely work here! More Lauren!
Hmm...the stare Ms. Justice has here is a tad boner-killing. Which is strange because I'm all for when Summer Glau has her Terminatrix glare on. Oh well ;)
Subtle...but sultry...I like :D
Utterly amazing fake work! So photo-realistic :D
Superb posing!
Outstanding job!
Neil Diamond knew what he was talking about when he sings about the wonder of a Kentucky Woman :D
She can stalk me anytime...my secrets are hers to obtain :D
Oh...I doubt Olivia's gonna be loving the jizz that just went up her nose...not at all ;)
Pride of the Korean Peninsula :D
I think the person was noting that, if the P-38s were sentient entities, they would be extremely saddened to know the next plane to carry the "Lightning" moniker after themselves was the F-35. The P-38 is indeed an amazing piece of aviation technology :)
Norwegians know how to float in style, I've give them that ;)
I could be wrong but I think the back end come off as a booster and the guide surfaces are hidden underneath. Either that or they fold real flat...
Not just fuel pods...I've seen cannon pods with stabilizers to help with drag.
I bet this was fun for the pilot :D
Well, I doubt homeowner's insurance with cover this...and I doubt there was any compensation once the Soviet Union collapsed :(
Hmm...I wonder why Jaeger 2 didn't warrant a censor bar?
Lovely piece of machinery :D
Now THAT is a beard to command respect and awe!
Definitely some brass orbs on that stick jockey!
Like bumblebees hovering for nectar :D
Angry lil' kitty!
Definitely a sight you don't wanna see coming at you...
Sweet Jeebus... :O
Superb fake of Ms. Perry :D
Beautiful stuff :)
Ah, but your heavenly heinie is done there, Ashley...both are gorgeous, but that derriere is just a level above :)
Such a beautiful sight...and the knowledge this was done in 1942 just proves that we have the know-how to do almost anything, it's just getting it done with the tools available. But wow...large format photography is spectacular for stuff like this :D
Simply beautiful...thank you for making my Thursday oh so worthwhile!
I think Frank would approve of this...maybe ;)
I remember Mr. Wizard from reruns, but Bill Nye and Beakman were my science gurus growing up.
*as Timmy* TITTEHS! ;)
Oiled-up Asian hotties grinding on one another...giggity :)
Looks like quite a lot of fun ;)
Gorgeous!
One way to get up close and personal ;)
Glad it's a clip-on...not a fan of septum piercings :S
Nothing about Lauren's beauty is simple, IMO...but it is magnificent :D
Very sexy at sunset!
Interesting place to have artwork showing one's appreciating for firearms...but different strokes :) Still...gorgeous tease!
Great googly moogly... :D
Can someone who's gained the status of a Playboy Playmate be considered an amateur? I guess if she's not making her primary money from nude modeling...
She's certainly blessed with large tracts of land alright :D
She really does a body good...I feel invigorated just by looking at this Gfycat clip ;)
Simply epic... :O :D
Other than the hair being a few shades lighter than Jenna's? I can definitely see a resemblance :D
