You can verify his Judo rank or lack thereof in about 15 minutes. Judo is REALLY REALLY strict about keeping records of who has what black belt rank.
Step 1. Actually train BJJ. Step 2. Participate in the subreddit community in a meaningful way via discussion. Step 3. Write stuff that is applicable and accessible to the community you are posting it to. You violate pretty much all of those. You don't train BJJ, you don't participate in the community, and your post itself was poorly written and kind of crappy.
If your post were written better maybe that would have come across.
Yup. That's the most straightforward way to lose weight.
www.joshjitsu.info It's primarily focused on BJJ and BJJ related training philosophy. Some of the articles can be more widely applicable, like http://www.joshjitsu.info/2011/11/circles-pyramids-shotguns-and-lasers.html but most of them would only be interesting if you are training in grappling of some kind.
Pretty much. He's able to get the bow and arrow, so never has to transition to the back. Imagine not being able to get that grip, so instead of finishing with the bow and arrow right there you have to hug them instead and take the back. I do like his pressure on the collar like that, I'm going to have to try that setup.
Everyone had BETTER be washing it regularly in this subreddit.
Same stuff I use. Works great.
Um, Cobrinha always has been and always will be my #1.
Sure, but mount is worth as much as it is primarily because it's a dominant striking position. Your submission options are actually a lot lower from mount than from side control because of the angles you have to work with. So awarding 2 points for the lift seems a reasonable compromise and a way to encourage good behavior like blocking the lift or releasing.
Video views aren't even peripherally related to this topic. Kimbo Slice has more views than Rodolfo, doesn't make him a more respected or admired fighter. Your anecdote is not evidence. You can say you feel that way, you can say that people you know feel that way, but you can't use that to make a sweeping generalization about the community view.
&gt; but the biggest problem would be that your opponent would have to be wearing something you could easily grip that wouldn't rip or come off This isn't true. Using your feet to pressure the biceps even without any grip allows for a pretty effective defensive guard, especially against the untrained. And a solid wrist grip without sleeves lets you do almost all of the same spider guard technique if you want to. However spider guard is used in self defense to slam upkicks into your opponents face, not do anything fancy. You just post on their biceps, then kick them in the face, then return to posting.
/u/rand486, king of the internet, comes through again.
I appreciate the concept behind that, but the setup for that guys leg lasso made me cringe. I don't think I would ever go to the leg lasso until I cleared that trapped leg. Otherwise you lose a lot of your control and ability to sweep, and set yourself up for things like this kneebar. I suppose it's good to know this in case someone fucks up and lets you trap that leg and still throws the lasso on.
We're bigger than /r/martialarts and more active, strangely enough.
You don't have the upper body extension that you get with a spider hook, which means your opponent can pin your bottom leg, clear the lasso, and continue to pass. You should use the spider hook until you clear the leg. RDLR + Lasso is not a place I would want to be. I'm sure there are some people that play that position really well, but it's a lot of risk for little reward in my opinion and I would rather play elsewhere.
Reduce your volume, increase your weight. Replace all of your isolation work with plyometrics. Keep the big compound lifts. Lat raises, cable crunches, curls, facepulls, tricep pulldowns, those can all go out the window. Drop your reps from 5/5/amrap to 5/3/1 where that last rep is 90% of your 1rm.
Switch for a couple of months, see what the change does for you, how you feel and how the workload feels. Then once you have adjusted to the heavier weights, if you are starting to lose the hypertrophy that you want then pick up the isolation work again until you hit the balance you are looking for. You are unlikely to lose a lot of your definition while you are still lifting because it's not as if those muscles aren't getting worked pretty hard. You might be slightly less swole at the end of the day, but you'll be a hell of a lot stronger.
Sure, if it's a violation of german law the way he's doing it then that's on him to deal with. But it's also a normal and common practice for all MTG players beyond the most casual. I don't know if that will make a difference to the german courts or not.
This is one of the times when I recommend a break from BJJ For about 3 weeks, then start weight lifting. Squats will fix your knees if done properly.
How come the only thing I remember from reading these books is my favorite characters getting murdered every 20 pages, while the TV show seems to have them raging across the landscape in invincible fashion?
OK, I watched the video twice more and I didn't see a single instance of an active RDLR hook. The bottom guys leg is pinned, it's not active. He can't use it to do anything. This technique is Dillon stepping around a weak hook unopposed in order to hit a kneebar. If the bottom guy had a spider guard hook and was pressuring up so that he could free that bottom leg and use it as an active RDLR hook then that kneebar option becomes a hell of a lot more difficult because you don't get a free step over. This whole technique relies on your opponent choosing to go to the lasso without an active hook.
Someone reaches out to shake hands and you establish the dominant sleeve grip and start reaching for the collar.
What crash? I haven't had a post caffeine crash since 1999 when I stopped taking caffeine pills. I was up to 3000mg a day of caffeine at that point, which will make you hallucinate just FYI. I drink coffee up until like 2 hours before I go to bed....
Apply steady force in the direction that they are weak in. No need for bursts generally speaking.
I've seen 4 year olds doing well in the kids classes. Wrestling/Grappling is a very natural behavior for kids and it's easy for them to understand the idea of it. A gym with a good kids class should be a great place for your kids at the 4 year old mark and up. 3 might be a bit young for it still.
Consider it a magic trick. I can still do pushups on just my thumbs. It would take me a bit to get the hang of doing a single thumb again, but it doesn't do anything for you beyond look cool.
No, but I did have one of the Serendib Efreet's that is the green card with the blue mana symbol. I actually was able to hunt one down when I started playing again and pick it up as a bulk rare. It has a place of honor in my binder just to remind me of the good old days.
Depends on how much pressure you are putting on the arm and how resistant someone is to pain. If you are hyped up on adrenaline and concentrating on fishing a knife out of your pocket then you might not even notice that your elbow got torn apart until well after you have stabbed a dude to death. Adrenaline is a crazy thing. That's one reason why I don't rely on joint attacks if shit has gotten super real. If one presents itself I'll hit it and transition away since damaging an attacker is generally helpful, but my goal is never to hit that armbar. My goal is to get to mount or knee on belly where I have full control and full view of my opponent. then if they start digging in their pocket I can take control of that limb and stop them from getting whatever they are going after. I can also keep an eye out for additional people who might be coming to kick my head in, and I can strike or disengage as needed.
The is if you are unaware that someone has a knife, and you have already engaged them. There are ways to correctly control a person to prevent them from deploying a weapon. You should use those. The person in our example video did not.
It's because it's a staged video from a Ninjitsu school. The knife is fake, the blood is fake. That's also why the armbar looks like first day whitebelt shit done by someone who has had an armbar described to them, but is trying it for the first time.
I can think of a few people who would have a problem REALLY cranking on an armbar, even in a situation where their life might be on the line simply because they are the kind of person that just really doesn't want to hurt someone unless they absolutely have to. It takes a certain amount of will power to follow through on something that you KNOW is going to fuck someones joints up that bad.
To combat the wispy stuff I pull my hair up in a topknot like that and then get my wife to shave that under layer of hair off. It cuts down on the heat and eliminates the wispy stuff without sacrificing my glorious flowing locks.
Hey JiuJiu! I haven't seen you post in a while! Welcome back to the party!
"An armbar" is not spiderweb. There are control positions which can also allow you to armbar someone, but the armbar itself is not the control position.
&gt; it forces you to stay still Ahh, here's your problem, you're shitty at grappling.
Adrenaline is a hell of a thing. There is a real precedence for people getting their arms seriously fucked up and not even realizing it until hours later. So you shouldn't ever 100% rely on pain to incapacitate an opponent. If you get a chance to break a limb you break it and you keep going and use that to facilitate the choke that is going to make sure the person is no longer a threat.
You guys are always so obsessed about the idea that some random other dude is going to come out of the shadow and kick your skull in, yet the VAST majority of evidence indicates nothing of the sort. Should you be aware? Yes. Should you shape your entire repertoire around that possibility? No. I can choke someone unconscious while watching for additional threats and if need be using that person as a human shield.
No-Gi ezekiel. Force created by wrapping your fingers over your forearm.
No, Grapplemania in July. We're going on vacation to Florida the week before Richmond, so I won't be able to double up the trips.
You learn an enormous amount in your first few months of BJJ, but you are generally expected to roll very early on. The curriculum is going to vary from gym to gym. MOST will have some kind beginner instruction that lasts for a few classes to get you familiar with the ideas of BJJ, but after that you learn with everyone else.
Ok, I am giving WAY too much thought to that $350 level...
Yeah, my wife and I play a lot of Skyrim and Fallout, which has a TON of customization. I still fire up some of the early final fantasies on emulators sometimes.
Any thoughts given to continual expansion of the game world, additional ongoing challenges, etc... or is it more likely to be a one and done kind of project with no future expansion after the release?
Let's not get ahead of ourselves here, not sure I can get a 350$ expenditure approved by my finance department on the sole grounds that it appeals to my sense of vanity. Edit: However, I do have the perfect picture in mind... I'll put on all of my medals at the same time and take a truly obnoxious picture.
Only on the weekends ;).
I Didn't realize physically assaulting someone and drawing a firearm was the correct action towards a disobedient teenager...
Sityodtong is one of the best Muay Thai gyms in the country. If you can train there do it. Boston Muay Thai also has a pretty damn good Thai instructor. Your options are fantastic.
You do suck at every aspect of jiujitsu. You're a whitebelt. You're supposed to suck. Blue belts also generally still suck. So do purple belts. Brown belts are starting to kind of get the hang of it. Most black belts are pretty ok. BJJ has such a depth of potential expertise that you are going to be awful at it for a VERY long time if you compare yourself to other people. Worry only about whether the you from today is better than the you from six months ago.
Which is why I work very hard to be mindful of what I'm getting out of every minute I'm in the gym. I drill without screwing around. I roll with focus on developing a specific part of my game each time. I try to wring every bit of benefit out of each class. Because of that over the last 12 months I've not only caught up to where I was before my 8 month layoff, but surpassed that and now find myself rolling competitively with brown belts that were clowning on me 8 months ago. Training with focus is super important.
If you want to build strength then strength train. Join a power lifting group and do competitive weight lifting. It's fun and it will make you super strong. If you want to learn to fight then MMA is the way to go. If you just want to kick and punch then Muay Thai is the best option. If you want crazy acrobatic kicking and punching then Capoeira is a lot of fun.
I didn't include my lifting time. about 2 hours a week of lifting.
The only thing about this is that it's a huge pain in the ass to put the bun on the top compared to the back. I've done it this way for tournaments when I'm extra concerned about guillotine escapes and stuff, but I usually just leave it on the back for casual training.
$100 is the lowest I'll generally see for MT only, 2 days per week only, in Atlanta. Kind of the budget plan. Unlimited training is indeed going to be $150 or more.
Smaller people who are your rank or lower, don't hit them constantly. Hit one, maybe two, then work on something else. If you regularly get the same people with wristlocks then spend some time showing them how to defend. Folks your same size and rank, or who are upper belts, go for wristlocks all day long.
Well, since you're at HCG there is no hope. Those guys D'arce like it's a fucking religion. :) I assume you are mostly getting d'arced when in halfguard bottom and you are trying to roll up for an old school sweep or something like that? The key point there is to keep your head glued to your arm as you dive under. If you can't get all the way under then you have to back out, straighten your posture, and keep your head away from your opponent. Every time someone starts to wrap your head you need to posture out of it. Don't think you can fight through it. Just immediately bail back out to a longer range guard. If you are getting d'arced from other positions like turtle then you need to be defending the position more actively to avoid letting them set it up.
People say that, but I feel absolutely nothing when people do it to me.
I keep mine in the form of my blog. It varies from very technique focused to philosophy focused to motivation focused to just saying, "Yes, I made it to the gym today." Mostly it helps me to be able to look back and see WTF I was working on a few months ago and see how I've maintained focus and what improvements I've made. Sometimes I go back and read something and it reminds me of a technique or sequence that I worked on and then abandoned that I will then go back to and have a lot of success with.
It happens in very high level competition more than local stuff, but I still see 1-2 semi serious limb injuries per tournament. Very famously recently a female competitor had her arm badly broken during the match and finished out the last 45 seconds or so in obvious excruciating pain.
I need to get some folks together and demo how this is done. Everyone seems to totally not understand that getting back to your feet is a technical action that is a practiced skill.
Whenever ANYONE starts talking shit about knife defense I pull out the ol' red sharpie marker and turn them into a fucking whiteboard then ask them to start from the beginning telling me how they would catch my arm and do whatever dumb shit...
Yeah, that was a freak accident. More people get paralyzed from cheerleading than from BJJ every year.
I've only seen white belts and the occasional blue who don't realize that this submission was due to very excellent setups and top pressure from the Judo guy on top, and while there WERE mistakes made from the bottom guy, that wasn't the primary reason for that submission since you can make those same mistakes against someone that doesn't have black belt Judo top pressure and not get subbed. I actually pull this video out as one of the things about when you can break the 'rules' of BJJ as a warning to people not to be complacent and to make sure you know how to counter those things that 'everyone knows you can't do'.
If you want to see Aiki against a resisting opponent look up the videos of Mifune's judo. It embodies everything that Aikido espouses. The dude was flat out ELEGANT when he was throwing people on their heads.
Don't shit talk Dressage. It's one of the few remaining pure olympic sports with a direct link to combat applications. It's a display of the horse and rider mastery that that allowed someone to control a horse mid combat while wielding a sword and shield, or sword and pistol. Dressage is some seriously badass shit and should not be lumped in with speed walking and trampoline.
Are you guys an official Alliance affiliate? All of the Alliance affiliates I know of do the formal test. I did it for my blue and purple.
Nope. My tests were free except for the normal drop-in fee at HQ where I did it. I also bought my purple belt there after my test for 25$.
Umm, I paid nothing for the test. I paid the drop-in fee for the 2 hour long class I took before the test. Then I bought a belt because I wanted one with the alliance logo...
10x10 minute rounds.
As was mentioned below, you almost certainly are letting your elbow get loose, with your underhook too high and without using your bottom arm for any kind of control.
Probably depends on how deliberate it looks...
I have bad vision, I don't wear my glasses during class, I just get close enough to see what's going on.
&gt; For instance there was a TKD instructor who would travel to a big city to learn BJJ and over time got promoted to brown belt and is now operating BJJ as his prime business. Name of this person? It's very very rare for BJJ ranks to be given out without the accompanying skill.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sRgoNsqKunI Another life changed by Damien Maia.
Depends entirely on how you are passing. There is always going to be some way for someone to fight your pass attempt. Controlling the legs at the ankles gives you the most leverage and the ability to set up multiple passes, multiple direction changes, and generally create the best opportunity for passing. The closer to the hips you are controlling your opponent the fewer options you have for passing methodologies because your opponent then has the ability to attack for grips and use his legs as well. It's simply more dangerous. When you are backed out with control at the ankles then your opponents gripping options are extremely limited, they can't use their legs to defend, and they are forced into essentially desperation hip movement pass counters and forced inversion. They have to recover the position in some way before they can start attacking you again. Also, which Kron v Torres match are you talking about? Their ADCC match reinforces my point. Torres went for light control near the knee, attempting a pass that left him inside Kron's legs, which resulted in him getting trapped in guard and armbarred. Had he been further out and taken control near the ankles then he would have had a better chance of getting past Kron's legs. Probably still wouldn't have, because fucking KRON, but he wouldn't have already been inside the guard when beginning the pass attempt.
Either we both start standing, or you engage on the ground and then stand unless we agreed on something else at the beginning of the roll. That doesn't mean you have to start in closed guard. I frequently start in sitting guard, then grab a pants grip and stand up, other people frequently do that to me. But standing while disengaged is creating an asymmetrical environment. I'm going to stand up to to create a symmetrical environment. We can work from standing, that way I have the option to establish my grips while you are attempting your takedown instead of you getting to start with me down, with no grips, while you are standing. If you want to start that way then ask me. Pulling guard without grips is only common for shitty whitebelts.
Sitting with no grips while someone else is standing is 100% a disadvantage. Every time. Your opponent has WAY more options than you do.
Just be better than your opponent instead of planning to power out of the submissions, maybe? If you're winning then you don't have to worry about tapping.
The BJJihad is relentless. PM me the names of anyone you think got their rank in an illegitimate way. I will investigate fully and if the issue warrants it I will take the appropriate action. If I determine that everything is on the up and up then I'll leave it at that, but we police our ranks pretty seriously.
&gt; I can not tell you the amount of times a black belt has said to the beginner class, "pull guard, there is no point in both sitting on your knees or not allowing someone to play top position." You just sound like that dick that has to win every roll. Tha FUCK are you talking about? I am talking about the specific situation where the buzzer sounds, the two of you slap hands, and then your partner hops to his feet five feet away from you. That has nothing to do with any of the dumb shit you are saying. Everyone I have ever trained with engages first then stands so that there is interaction at the beginning of the roll. Why? Because standing up 5 feet away from someone just invites them to stand up too unless something has been agreed upon prior to the roll. If you get to stand up, I get to stand up, and we can work from standing.
I'm more then happy to go power doubled or seio naged through the planet if that's the result. I would rather have the opportunity to egnage from standing than spend the whole time trying to chase down someone who has decided the don't want to engage on the ground.
It's an inherent disadvantage. Just because you like it doesn't make it an advantageous position.
He's a valuable training partner. He has the same amount of training that you do and he's way more athletic. Don't worry about submitting him, just use him as a way to practice your positional control. Work with this guy until you can hold him down and maintain position on him and think about how easy it will be to hold position on people who aren't as athletic as this guy is.
http://img.pandawhale.com/post-2436-Things-I-Care-About-vs-What-Yo-ATPn.jpeg
Fellow 145er here. Hook your hands behind their elbows and pull forward, at the same time squeeze with your knees and curl your knees towards your chest. This will generally get the elbows out even against the bigger stronger guys. If they are so strong that you can't do that, then start getting REAAAALLY good at guillotines and just sit up and throw a guillotine on them. Either they defend, your you choke them. If it's in the Gi you can grab a cross collar grip, post on the mat, and push them backwards. It forces them to react, at which point you can collar drag them down.
Complete myth. Can't happen. Your nose is a relatively small and fragile batch of cartilage with a small piece of thin bone at the top (http://healthcare.walgreens.com/marketing/library/graphics/images/en/8915.jpg) . Your skull is pretty well put together. Hitting someone with enough force to fracture that frontal part of the skull would pulverize their face.
If you are hitting them that hard and that much, then the least of their worries is a tiny piece of bone because the rest of their skull is going to be obliterated.
Because the nerd/geek community is easily enraged and getting people angry translates into traffic. How many people saw that and immediately went to read it and be angry? Every one of those people represents a positive for them, even if they are super angry. We don't represent their normal readership, so it's not like any of us are going to cancel our subscription or stop reading because of it, so it's essentially free publicity and a quick spike in exposure for them.
I see the problem. The technique in that video is not a clock choke. It's not a clock choke variant. It has nothing in common with the way the clock choke is performed or finished. It's also a bow and arrow choke variation that I've commonly seen called a 'hell choke'.
Yep, that's almost always a good place to focus. It gives you a clear goal, it's something that will be fresh in your mind, and it will help cement the technique for you.
If you are caught, tap. People GENERALLY don't slam the submissions, but they aren't going to sit there and give you time to work out of them either. No one is going to sue you. It's your opponents responsibility to tap when he's in danger. If he's not tapping then he's telling you he's fine.
Come on dude, at least be a real participant in the community between blog posts.
Actually, look at the total number of any given card available for sale on a given day. If just a few hundred out of the hundreds of thousands of players decide to order a card because of an announcement that it won't be reprinting in a set, or because they see a deck hit top 8 in a GP or something it's a HUGE percentage of the available cards of any one card at any given moment. That's what leads to 'buyout' behavior.
As much as I might take issue with how Jordan handled his rank issue, this implies that his skill isn't earned, and that's total shit.
Judo is the #1 best option for LEOs with BJJ and Wrestling more or less tied for 2nd place. Striking suspects is a HUGE no no, but putting them on the ground to restrain them is almost always your end goal and all three of those arts will help you do that. However there are things specific to LEOs that you have to think about, like how to protect your weapon during an unarmed encounter, and what your use of force rules are.
Testicle Knee-Ride is a legitimate passing technique.
It depends on how much time you have to spend training. If you have the time to train both boxing and judo then that's going to be fantatic, if you only have time to train one thing then Judo or BJJ i better becaue your primary goal is to GTFO, and being able to grapple is what will keep you from getting mobbed.
I prefer US Grappling sub only by a wide margin. However a points system that awards the position regardless of how it is achieved, with no advantages, and points awarded for lifting someone above your waist ('Slam' points) would be fine for me. The current IBJJF point system is crap. Also, no referee decision. Some kind of overtime period instead then way EBI does it.
I take issue with all of the people who seem to think that backing off and running will automatically end the encounter. What do you do if the three guys decide to chase you? How for and how fast can you run? I can do about half a mile at a dead run, and my half mile speed is like 2:30. What are the chances that's good enough to get me somewhere safe before one of those guys catches me and now i'm trying to fight while winded? Some consideration needs to be given to the idea that running isn't an automatic success.
I want my coaching to consist of point totals, time left in the match, and encouragement. I don't like it when people yell technique advice at me mid match.
