Or im being sarcastic
Even Schoolboy Q outsold this
He had trouble with the hiphop crowd tht didnt know bout his underground past, amd the ones that did know it didnt like the corny radio somgs he was making...he did not have trouble with the rest of the planet The stuff he did with Dre and the rest of Shady/Aftermath helped
It is?
"Used to tell their friends i was ugly and wouldnt touch me..then i showed up in that dubbed out buggy" Jay knows whats what
thats a sin...
First week sales might be core fanbase, but after tht its the rest of the public buying the album and singles And Kanye came out in a time when it was easier to grow mainstream fanbases
Hurt Me Soul or Sing About Me/Dyin of Thirst? Edit: from what i can tell: HHH loves Kendrick more, and BX loves Lupe more
Yu ppl have completely removed all meaning for the word "corny" by using it to mean anything
Well he has like 10 mixtapes He put that work in already
3 classics....? Like i said..give it time
We as in hiphop heads Well we thought Lupe, Luda, Game(kinda), Jeezy, TI(arguably is) etc. would end up being legends at one point after a string of great albums/mixtapes early in their career
Theyre southern legends for sure
Boxden...hiphop/culture website used by mostly non-white hiphop fans
AZ is actually from brooklyn, not QB
Actually TI left years ago
Omg...a good Cons song after like a decade Lu killed this
https://instagram.com/p/2p3I0NjSNu/?taken-by=rocktde am i?
ya it does kinda sound like a muggz beat
No he said "I'm who Drake wants to be"
Almost 100% positive? Foh
And Soulo
...blackballed? Lol gtfoh
...this is false
"Sayin my names on world stages, thats so childish" or somethin Cuz gambino said hes better than drake during some show
Warrwn G tweeted "we watchin you youngin" or somethjng to Vince a few months back
idunno Rosenberg said him and Gambino talked about it, so regardless CG thinks it was a shot at him
so he's only going to feature friends he knew in 2006? what kind of logic is this...
Who said "i wanna teleport on these hoes"?
"This right here"?? For asking why?
You dont hav to defend drake lmao
Hes never good at either of those things He has good wordplay and flow sometimes tho
He dropped out in gr11
Yup
Why is that weird? Youre just gonna assume Akons shady and evil like that?
Violence in general is excusable if its for art
Yall are weird
Well im not going to support Westerner ignorance by clearing up all stereotypes and ignorant assumptions they may have about the rest of the planet everytime i mention something they dont understand
Top dawg put out These Days... They hav no issues with bad albums
Not about the quality Jus let it be...even Snoop said hes not gonna put the Pac songs out unless Afeni gets all the money from it
And its about his career on Atlantic
And before Bad Boy Made Mary J a star, helped Flex become a big DJ in new york, found Biggie and got him out the streets (kinda) The guy also gave us G-Dep, who gave us an extremely underappreciated album (at least go listen to Everyday)
Oh ya totally slipped my mind OOoOooOooweee
Yup RapRadar even put it high on their "disapppinting albums" list last year
Wasnt Luda helping write them?
I wanna fuck you - snoop/akon
Singh is King..Snoops on it
Soulo put out 3 good-great projects before that and then put out a dud...so ya its bad
Suga Free is the GOAT of this
All your Fault was great
You dont go out much, do you?
DUNKNOW
So? Rules only state yu can be on with no debut album
Erykah Badu...
Dej loaf is very very good And Tink is gifted
"Couple of hit songs"...it was like TOP5 on billboard
he had BARS on that though
i hate everybody that made that shit into a meme Boosie is fucking amazing and he was reduced into some "LOL lets ironically hope that this black man that raps gets out of jail"
what did people not like about the album? i didnt go into any of the discussion threads because i stopped doing that the only thing missing from this album was some hard party banger, but i dont even wanna hear rocky do those anymore
definitely a contender
Did yu just suggest islam/allah is synonymous with terrorism?
Dofference is Dre doesnt wanna put out detox...but 50 wants this out from time
no there isn't would you also say theres a clear link between using nuclear bombs and being American, or being German and doing genocide?
I cant believe there was a time when i liked Culdesac
Its a gift card that we have to mail to absoul
Skeme and Q track is nuts
its the only album he made not doing lean
Bronson did it like a week later too...and Yes done it a couple times before What is wrong with you people
Common, Kanye, Wayne, Big Sean to name a few
He used to copy Nas and Shyne but not ppl he made songs with
To be fair..T&amp;Y is just as unrelateable Its probably just that they like the sound more
Tbh i dont think TPAB will be very influential I love that album, but i doubt it'll shift hiphops sound or w.e
Oh Sremmlife will have no lasting power, but i dont think TPAB is gonna be on doggystyle level or have much influence
Okay i believe you
You must be a really cool guy who gets all the girls
Nah jus tired of all the ironic hiphop fandom
a few days ago Jay Rock posted a pic on IG of Ali mixing the album...so i put that on HHH.. and i got so many comments about how im just speculating and its just a song and i shouldnt jump the gun, that i just deleted the post
Hes unbelievably great live Watch his performances on youtube if you dont believe me
https://youtu.be/uSMh_MPQue8?t=10m6s seems like Toronto just has a thing for TDE
Idunno...he lived a hard life, was always poltically-involved, read a lot and wrote poetry and took a lot of drama classes
Its big on other blogs But not with the mainstream crowd
Snoop x Vince A non-Tyler produced song witn Kurupt and Q Jay and Lupe again
Oh yes plz
Quik and nip
His fault he cant make a hit
Memphis Bleek couldve been the GOAT if he wasnt so bad
Yu mean the one tht dropped 6 months ago?
while that is true, jay was the connect between kanye and lupe and he put Lupe in the position that he could have a deal and all that touch the sky definitely was the reason that so much happened for him tho
imo jay rock is more lyrical
lyrical caliber? kendrick is a great writer, but rock's storytelling and bars are better imo..i jus feel it more...kendricks better with the theatrics and vocal production (which i consider important also) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GJVznAmcDSU this is craaazy and this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e3va3I8NAhI
Definitely Both Run and DMC were amazing lyricists
How is a fan vote not earning it? Its proof tht ppl want your career further
Raury, travis, kendrick, drake, Schoolboy, rocky, kanye etc. hav all said they were influenced by him
Let u havit is one of the best diss tracks imo...smooth as fuck and hes talkin bout getting revenge
Dogg Food and Doggystyle
Terrace Martin is also a heavily slept on producer/artist
Nah RJ is a much better lyricist than YG400
Snoop and his wife worked out a "dont ask dont tell" policy around the time he was actually pimping women out
Well kidd kidd was able to do that the most, over anyone else that tried
Why do you people believe he did this?
