Not this year though, next year's market.
Fucking interleague.
They're stretching him, perhaps to enter the rotation. I guess Perez goes into the bullpen? Speaking of David Carpenter, he's been pretty bad this year. Though I really miss Shreve. I don't think I really understood how much our bullpen was stripped until the last couple of series. It's not just Kimbrel.
That didn't amaze me. I'm amazed we got them to give us Wisler and pay BJ's contract.
&gt; Fans of Sabermetrics are largely like Tea Party members.....people who took a good idea way too far. One uses numbers, logic, and try not to let their biases get in the way, and then there's the Tea Party...
Any segment of the population is going to do that, it's human nature. Who ever said Derek Jeter is the worst shortstop in the history of baseball, was going to say that anyways, with or without sabermetrics. That could be done with traditional stats too. Someone could replace dWAR and UZR with Fielding Percentage.
Not Feastmode!
3/3!
I know it falls under what you're talking about, but I have real doubts anyone will beat Ripken's record.
I'm weirded out by Tony La Russa bobblehead night.
I don't think we'll compete this year, but we might be close. Next year will be more interesting, with some of those pains gone. Imagine a matured pitching staff.
I didn't understand why Dodgers fans were so sad to lose him, now I understand why.
Were you inspired by Ted Danson...
I hope he's ok.
She's like 20 years younger than him...
I hope my future wife looks like that when she's that age! She's 59...
I think I'm most intrigued by their risk category. They list Matuella, Aiken, Hooper, and two other RHP as the riskiest players in the draft.
I guess this also means Peterson is in the long term plans for the team.
We did last year.
Cunningham's best case scenario is a 4th OF probably. I don't think Gosselin will be on this team for the long-term. Perhaps his future is trade-bait.
You're pitching coach looked angry.
I hope it's Fredi G, but I think he'll go through the entirety of this year.
Do you think the prospects are noteworthy or minor pieces?
The Braves get their best draft in a while. Whitley likely becomes the best player in the draft. Brady Aiken does not pitch in the MLB ever.
San Fransisco to match the new typeface.
/r/theydidthemath
I remember hearing it in 500 Days of Summer.
I thought this was also the bold predictions thread. Aiken's medicals sound really bad.
Try Khan Academy's course on SQL.
Agree about the concerns. I think Theo and the Cubs' scouting team will get whoever they think will provide max value for them.
No more cool high fives with Peterson
It'll be funny if he becomes Trout 2.0, and that many teams passed on him.
He's been playing pretty well for someone who's had a hand injury.
Not my favorite band, but the Rolling Stones.
Simmons just missed it.
I think they bought a handheld camera for the first season and then returned it.
I think this is the weirdest one. The trend of Aiken to the Dodgers sounds like a sure thing. Never heard Happ to the Braves. EDIT: Feel like I'm spamming this sub, so I'm gonna just put this [here](http://www.baseball-reference.com/draft/2015-mlb-draft-preview.shtml).
I mean they are both good GMs, but I don't really see the comparison. Rizzo has almost double the money to work with. Their strategies seem quite different. I understand they both get good value, but the Nationals seem much more "stable" in comparison to the A's.
They don't usually play a catcher after a night game if the next game is a day game.
Not a fan of Tyler Stephenson.
Uribae
Probably won't impact him too much. Just interesting drama the day before the draft.
Imagine the shit storm if it was Rodgers or Tate.
Wow never seen his face.
I'm not a big fan of the guy personally. I think a prep arm would be better, not to mention you should draft the best player available not for need.
Tim has really came a long way he used to be so uncomfortable on stage.
El Capitan
Finally snap!
Well that was fun! I thought their would be a lot of time leftover with no hardware, I was wrong.
I doubt it. Don't think he'll get any more money this time around, if he wants even a chance to play he has to do it now. Whoever signs him will have a lot of leverage.
I think Happ is likely if they Reds don't take him.
Oh shit now I do want him to get to the Braves!
http://www.baseballamerica.com/draft/2015-mlb-draft-signing-pools/
Exactly! Never go cheap in draft, we've seen how teams suffer when they do.
Dan O'Dowd...
Bregman
Approximately 45 mins until the Braves draft.
Knew they'd take Tucker.
I don't know I'm a fan of it so far. Not too high on Jay or Fulmer.
https://twitter.com/jjcoop36/status/608057246883450881
Peter Gammons just said that.
Tyler Stephenson for Philly
Apparently Randolph
Take him I don't want him to go to the Braves.
Yeah but as a deal to save money on other picks.
Rays just got the best player.
He was the best player available.
A UCLA recruit, Allard continued a recent trend of top-rated pitchers coming up injured prior to the National High School Invitational, joining other elite arms like Jordan Sheffield, Dylan Cease and Lucas Giolito. Allard’s issue was a stress reaction in his back, less of a concern than the arm injuries that felled other prospects this year around the country. Allard was the youngest player on USA Baseball’s 18U National Team last summer, helping the team win a gold medal, and has compiled a long track record for a high school pitcher that made him the top arm in the class entering the spring. He has a firm fastball that has touched 96 mph and sits in the low 90s. He does it easy with a feel for the strike zone. Allard has the hand speed to throw a tight, plus downer curveball, which was considered one of the best in the last last summer. He’d made just two starts before coming up injured this spring. Allard had begun workouts to potentially return to the field in early May, and scouts were speculating he could get back on a mound for some private workouts before the draft, but clubs likely were going to have to consider last summer’s performance and this spring’s medical reports as the key information for where to rank Allard. -BA
Holy shit that's the explosive pick.
Probably on par to Fried if not better.
Bickford can smoke all he wants now!
Think the Braves will take Chalmers or Everett for pick 28. Though Hayes would be cool too. EDIT: Forgot Russell.
Damn wanted him for #28.
Braves might take Mike Soroka RHP don't know anything about him.
Braves will take Mike Soroka for pick #28
Nice pick.
Lucas Herbert?
Maybe. I have my sights set on a certain player, don't want to jinx any chance of getting him though.
Pick #75 is LHP AJ Minter
As long as they are consistent and no more ump shows.
There's Matuella
Just drafted Anthony Guardado.
Braves certainly have some puzzling picks so far.
I like Allard and Herbert (after looking more into him). I'm ok with the Soroka pick. Austin Riley and Guardado are weird to me, figured they'd be all over Everett.
Really, didn't hear about that.
FUCK he was a pick I really wanted Atlanta to take.
Probably will be a much better player than Graham.
Well I like Allard and Herbert. Not really a fan of the other picks, though Soroka seems like the type of guy to have low expectations and come out of nowhere and dominate.
Terd's time the charm.
They had no room for him in their crowded infield.
The Pineda game must have hurt.
I missed the beginning of the game why is everyone talking bout Simmons.
Yep, because one brawl 31 years ago is clear evidence that Braves fans are idiots.
What did the Braves do to you?
* While I don't agree, at least that's understandable. * I don't think the Braves are going to hit Justin Upton who a lot of the remaining players are still friends with intentionally * It's been 31 years.
He needs to cultivate more mass.
Cost them their #12 prospect according to BA.
Thanks, I was in a hurry.
True, though I think they could have waited until he got released.
Well I guess they did well then. Forgot Turner was coming so soon.
