Context shapes text. Again, comparable scene in The Crying Game, technically far better set up, is playing the same scenario. This is actually a scene that I think is fairly well known in cis culture, the trans reveal. In light of how that's "supposed" to go, I think Boy Meets Girl is working very deliberately on the spectacle level.
As a bi trans woman ... this is not the hierarchy of bigotry that I'm used to.
How do you feel about democracy?
Responding just to the latter half if your question: I'm a trans woman and a feminist. I was a feminist pre transition too. The word describes my stance and method when it comes to thinking about and responding to structural sexism, ie patriarchy. I don't think that only women have the right to describe themselves as feminists, for that reason. However, I do sometimes wonder if I'd have been a feminist if I were born a developmentally normal male in e exact same circumstances. I hope not, for hypothetical guy me's sake, but being separated out from the girls and hearing the things young men said when they thought no women could hear, definitely shaped me., Most feminists in my social class and age group don't seem to think twice about a trans woman being a feminist. Once you accept a trans woman as a woman, accepting her as a feminist is pretty trivial.
Aren't we all just doing both as we wait for the end?
I'm a college professor who transitioned at 28. My speaking voice is just fine. Train seriously, humbly, and with good techniques and you should be able to get a voice that sounds cis.
Go to /r/transtimelines and search for MTF in your age.
I realized I'm severely codependent and started taking less shit and being less enabling. I'm way less terrified of disagreeing with my friends or doing things that will displease them when necessary, and I can talk them through rougher shit without that codependent terror that I'm threatened in myself through threats to them, which is toxic.
Clearly squats are my destiny.
&gt; drastic surgery to change how people see you It really doesn't work that way.
They can't change your genital morphology in any big way, but they can change a lot of other things.
I'm not post op, but I am deep into hormonal transition and blend in fine. The stares stopped quite some time ago. For me, transition was and is about the body. I felt really weird and dissociated in an increasingly male body on testosterone, and on estrogen I just feel like the grown woman version of my child self. My body makes way more sense; my moods make more sense; everything makes more sense than it did on testosterone.
It wouldn't have been wildly offensive, just tacky. In general, you need a high degree of friendly familiarity with a group to make jokes that are both sophisticated and funny.
Most binary trans people have very stable identities once we figure it out and sort out transitioning. I've read maybe 1-2 redditors who had different experiences, including one woman who had transitioned FtM, then back MtF 15 years later, and she said that one day she just stopped feeling male, but had genuinely been male before. Brains have done stranger things. It can obviously happen. But it's pretty rare for anyone to transition more than once if they're binary (male or female gender identity). Some non binary people find out by first transitioning binary though, and some binary people claim to be non binary as they work out their identity before accepting that they're binary trans.
Your inability to empathize isn't trans people's problem.
Yeah, that was my reaction, but I kinda wanted to know the poster's angle. Seems like some kind of evo psych-supported trp kind of thing.
Personally, the surprise is problematic for me. (Not that you've done something wrong, just that it's a symptom of a culture that doesn't see trans women as fully equal women.) Beauty culture has its own issues, but it shouldn't be so shocking that some women who are conventionally, beautiful are trans. Especially given how being beautiful is a particularly vital survival trait for many trans women. Looking conventionally attractive helps ensure that people automatically see us as women and treat us accordingly without question, and many of us put in the time and expense to be as gorgeous as we can for exactly that reason. She clearly is going for beauty. It's not wrong to recognize that she's achieved it. But I'm a bit sad that's still a shock to people.
Honestly, I have no idea. Some people managed to figure out I was on hrt as early as three months, but they knew me really well and had tagged me as possibly closeted trans 5 years before.
I thought all estradiols upped that risk and synthetic ones like ethinylestradiol just particularly so. Is this not the case?
August will work. You can usually use your name a month after final judgment, so submit the announcement right after the rather pro forma court date.
When it's used as a noun I always think how weird it is to refer to a person as "a gender".
Eh, if you can ever fully abolish the idea of man and woman that'll probably make life simpler for trans people--"I am a human being on exogenous endocrine treatments who's had genital surgery to confer functions I badly needed" sounds way more boring and way less controversial than "I am transsexual"--but trans people should be the last group that causes concern to those who want to defang oppression based on sex classes, since our existence threatens the category stability itself. If you can't expect the same people to stay assigned to the class you tried to sort them into based on biology, it's awfully hard to maintain a hierarchy of those classes. Hard to see why trans people, whose existence already has done plenty to undermine sex based oppression's core rationale, are expected to do even more (we've done our time mostly and have the scars for defying the foundational principles of society). We've done our part mostly. It's not our job to live outside the binary because it'd set a good precedent for billions of cis people.
Bedroom issues matter a lot--I honestly had no idea how good sex could be until deep into transitioning--but you will spend way more time not having sex than having it. Key question: would you rather have breasts while folding laundry?
Rehearse. "X is a woman I met while skydiving. She is mad cool. She, she, she."
What were you expecting?
Why shame micropenises? :p physical traits beyond their owner's control are a shitty thing to give people a hard time over.
100,000 years of evolution have bestowed upon men bulletproof skin, flawless reflexes, the ability to avoid going into shock, subdermal armor sufficient to withstand a charging rhinoceros, a huge tactical edge in piloting aircraft and drones (anything that involves a joystick, because ... come on), and an innate tactical instinct so deftly honed that it's no accident Ender Wiggin was a man. (He saved us all. We must spare his life even if we somehow do triumph.)
Color me shocked. Did 59% say they'd be fine with it?
That's really startlingly high acceptance, relatively speaking. Wow.
I always loved history, but yes, so much yes, and I can come close to tears thinking of the pain suffered by people like me. It's to the point where ancient Scythia is the bright spot my mind's eye focuses in on.
You don't owe anyone trailblazer status. Frankly, transitioning is already a knife to the heart of sex-class-based oppression, because it's obviously absurd to erect an essentialist hierarchy when you can't even rely on people to stay in their foundational boxes, much less the boxes built atop them. Trans people have paid our dues. :p
I'm toying with the idea of writing a keep-me-busy-between-projects novel or novella in honor of the late Tanith Lee. It'd probably be a 21st century Gatsby adaptation/reworking with carefully controlled elements of the weird, gender dynamics taking front stage, etc. May pm!
I agree, and I think different kinds of deviation from a cis/heterosexual norm force different confrontations with embodiment, language, perception. I was talking to an agender friend (who makes a point of presenting in such a way that no one can tell their birth assignment, which is how they prefer it) about "passing" not as an attribute of an individual ('you totally pass! ") but as a flawed descriptor of a social engagement. Something as supposedly simple as which sex you perceive other humans as belonging to turns out super complex. Last November, I started to find male gas station attendants and other service employees were paying me a lot more attention, being mildly flirty, etc. I can be a bit dense but eventually I started to realize they were seeing me as clearly female no matter what strangeness I saw in the mirror. When I mentioned it to a longtime straight cis male friend who knew me before, he was extremely skeptical. "Maybe they were just being friendly?" Since he's really easy to read, I realized that he actually saw a different me than they did, one tinged with memories of my past body, a sort of perceptual Instagram filter of woman-in-theory-and-intent-but-not-perceptually, whereas they saw me through a different filter because they wanted to see a woman whose incidental attention would be a tiny pleasant moment amid a tedious day. The upshot of the conversation with my agender friend was that trans people tend to be forced to confront issues of the nature of perception because it's so often vital to our having any social agency. I'm not super big on being an incidental pair of breasts and legs to stare at, but I can't control that, only shape what people see within a limited range by sending out clear easily read clues.
What do you do when a person's visible dimorphism is, say, female, but you later learn that they were born with male genitals?
No one can fully know anyone else's experience, but there are probably trans women you have a lot in common with and cis women whose experiences are rather alien to you. For example, I find that there are aspects of my experiences which mean I relate really well to other infertile women who wish they could have children, whether those women are trans or cis, and can't relate as well to mothers who've never had fertility issues, though society is far more full of the narratives of mothers.
I'm really liking sense8. I'll review it more rigorously later. I had a powerful visceral reaction to seeing her, and the girl I'm seeing told me she'd burn a motherfucker down to save me, so perhaps I saw the first few episodes in a really flattering context, but I'm liking it.
That's the one!
As someone who thinks there are neurobiological bases to being trans--possibly many kinds, we have no idea--no, not really. Transition is slow (ohgodsoslow) and if someone's life isn't being improved they'll usually know. If their life is being improved, what's the problem? :p trans is a useful word that helps us describe a range of experiences, but ultimately the only coherent way to approach transition is as a personal choice.
You really should tell us what you're responding to or else *ask us* whether we'd prefer universal or female only prison reform.
I'm sure he did take his brain to work. It must be a nice brain, all shiny and chrome and only gently used.
I discovered a few weeks ago that one of my close friends is also subbed to trollx and raisedbynarcissists. Led to some fascinating conversations and a lot more meme sharing.
US academia. Transphobia is considered declasse.
Luck has nothing to do with it (except the luck of having poor at the time but highly educated parents, which led to academics, which led to scholarships, etc). I first heard anyone anywhere speak out for trans rights in college, and I didn't want to leave the safe ivory cocoon. Knowing trans people were safer in college was actually a huge part of why I felt safer there, though somehow I didn't put two and two together
Cis means not trans. The majority of gay men are cis but not straight. There are structural features to the way that cis men tend to be treated in society. Those can be talked about, including which areas of life are not artificially made harder for white people or cis people or men. I feel entitled to make statements like that because the facts bear them out.
finally. /u/drewiepoodle, thanks for this--and btw, how do you handle reading the sheer volume of material you link? Do you ever feel like nonstop ragetears, maybe stealing a war rig?
Good height to be! Even if sometimes you smash your face on cabinet doors and have to fold into your car.
Do you have some reason to think that her hrt regimen is off in some way? :p
Ain't that the truth.
I hang my head in shame.
Reddit won't implode unless there's another web paradigm shift. If I didn't have the reddit trans community, idk.
Define the threat of violence. Is it when a man glares at me and makes sexual gestures because he's angry? Do I get to be oppressed as a trans woman but not as a white woman, because I do have to be afraid of being hurt or killed for it, but not remotely as much as a black trans woman would? How much harm do I need to fear before I can say I'm oppressed? What if I just want to say that the fear I'm being subjected to is *oppressive*--same standards? Or do I get leeway?
For maybe five minutes on Thursday evenings, to remember what it felt like to walk around with something dangling. How unpleasant. Sorry. No, not anymore.
Agreed. I think it's a good follow-up question for OP too. If those kind of outcomes were unwanted, transition would be a horrible experience.
Serious answer: I think that it will be about a broader right to self-determination that connects trans rights with other rights, because that's probably the easiest way to help society get used to nonbinary people without damaging the gains to binary trans people who strongly identify as male or female and would not appreciate "life without labels" being imposed on them. For a binary trans person like myself, the "second wave" is hardly dead though. From a trans rights perspective, that fight is only over when a trans girl in middle school can steal her best friend's boyfriend and get the reaction "oh my god, you horrible traitor, I thought we were friends, I will destroy you utterly" and not "omg my boyfriend is gay and you're a sick fucked up boy." A society which accepts straight trans women as straight women, gay trans men as gay men--it's not impossibly far away, and I think it's coming fast, but it's not here yet. And of course not everyone agrees on the desirability of that--but as one who massively prefers to be seen as the woman I identify as (humans are social animals and it's absolutely bizarre to pretend that how others see us doesn't generally matter), I obviously have a strong vested interest. That's not to say that we should wait on binary acceptance before taking actions that will help nonbinary trans people. From a societal standpoint, visibly nonbinary trans people are much more at risk of getting the brunt of harassment.
Because sex and gender are so nearly-fused in most cis people's perception and have been since time immemorial, most discrimination against people with female reproductive systems is irretrievably entangled in discrimination against people recognized as women. The dilemma of, say, a trans man who needs access to an ob/gyn and abortion rights, doesn't arise because society wants to make it hard for men to get abortions--it's a side-effect of living in a society which doesn't have mental space for the concept that some men have uteruses. I'm not really sure what you mean by acceptable discrimination. As a trans woman, I'll be very lucky if I ever need a pap smear. (Bless me, sci fi future tech!) I'm not sure where discrimination would come into it though. I also don't think that the patriarchal power structure perceives a distinction, because I don't think it's built on an intellectual foundation that recognizes gender as thing. Frankly, there's little agreement on what gender *is* among trans people or among feminists, only a number of threads. (Personally, I believe gender to be the brain's assumptions or preferences for the sex expression of the rest of the body, a sort of software driver which usually matches the hardware, with rare exceptions that we call trans. But if someone else views gender as social classes built on the basis of reproductive sex, and someone else views gender as a matter of personal style and group affinity, then all three of us are going to need a bigger boat. and a common language. "in the land of Shinar they built a tower and called it Babel.")
Though to be fair, I'm white as a ghost and middle-class. My risk of violence is slightly elevated, but nothing like what I'd be looking at if I were a trans woman of color. I am in sympathy with the resistance, but I live in the Capital District and watch the Hunger Games on television with the rest of the liberal white feminist academics. My most disadvantaged friends are poor white trans women with socially/economically mixed friend groups--reddit's userbase skews somewhat privileged at least in terms of social capital, so even my poorest friends, on foodstamps and public assistance, have well-to-do friends and substantial skillsets. It helps. The support systems I can rely on to keep me from being murdered are less available the less you can access either middle-class income or a powerful support network. Hasn't kept several of my friends from being attacked anyway, but for the trans women I immediately know, the angel of death generally threatens to come in the form of an intentional overdose or a plastic bag over our head, not in the form of an angry man bludgeoning us to death.
I think they were able to live happy lives, but I also think you can live a happy life with a cancer diagnosis or with Alzheimer's, and could have done 100 years ago. Being chronically ill with a severe condition is a huge net life negative, but you can live well in spite of it. You just always live in its shadow. Modern medical transition is just a huge help. And imagining myself trying to live a happy life as a man makes me want to scream and cry. :P
I think there's a genetic component. One of my best friends (mtf) had a grandfather who crossdressed (no way of knowing if it went further than that or would have in a more accepting time) and her mother has all the signs of a repressed trans man and routinely uses her experience to argue that gender issues aren't real, basically "because if I can be normal so can you." If that's just a random incidence, I guess it's like 1 in 20000 odds or something, but obviously it's too small an anecdotal sample to draw anything but ideas from.
Right. It's a choice between tabloid covers and Vanity Fair covers.
No, pretty useful. Not all work in gender studies is going to be useful, but a lot is, and having useful frameworks to order and interpret experiences of gender can be a bit of a life saver sometimes.
It's a good question and would make sense to put in a FAQ. Usually people just start a new post for it, though, with any additional info on that specific situation. Edit to be unsolicitedly helpful: generally kids don't need that much explanation beyond the simple fact that someone was very unhappy as a girl, for example, and took medicine to become a man. (More complicated concepts like presentation and gender identity aren't necessarily as useful to a small child.)
Not everything has to have a clear application to be worth studying in academia. Some of it will be applied later, and some of it is just good to add to the knowledge library of our species to save people time in the future when we want to know. Humanity is a bit like a game of Minecraft where you're always setting up a really cool base for your future world exploration.
Human life has no purpose to begin with, but I'm not espousing the strong version of the position you propose. I think there's plenty of wasted time and effort in the world, but I don't think the research arm of academia is a bad offender there. If you want pure make work made necessary solely because human society has issues, try the financial aid office. :p or try the customer care system for every major enterprise: there are people who spend their lives ameliorating artificial problems generated by other systems designed to ameliorate problems generated by other systems. That's where I'm coming from. At least in academia, you're expanding our knowledge base, usually in a notionally accessible way. But that's because I arbitrarily value knowledge. I'm not alive for a reason or anything beyond historical contingency.
You got me there. I'll take space travel, and hope that the clam gun didn't contain the true secrets to the universe.
A lot of us are armchair sociologists or have read a smattering of theory, but I haven't met many trans redditors who were practicing social scientists in any professional or academic sense. That may however be a reddit demography thing.
You're probably right, then! Side note, totally irrelevant: just now my brain clicked and I was like, oh, the necronomicon!
Cast it into the fire! Vagina please, what I've got going on right now is really not for me.
I'm a trans woman. For me, "identifying as a woman" means my body should be female, so I'm taking corrective steps. This wasn't less true when I still looked male. Any cultural femininity I've picked up, I've picked up for the same reason that any other woman does, mimesis, and it's no less or more legitimate than anyone else's. Don't make this overly complicated. :p
I mean, let's not be disingenuous. Clearly there's such a thing as male and female. Infants can tell them apart before they learn language. Binary trans people who transition (there are sometimes reasons not to, like health problems or family and career issues) modify our bodies toward the sex we identify as. I use "gender identity" as shorthand for "the sex I should be." Estrogen is what makes female people's bodies have female dimorphisms, and vice versa for testosterone. So I looked androgenic and now I look estrogenic. Body works pretty differently now. I pretty much corrected a severe hormonal imbalance, and I feel much better as a result.
If someone calls me a man, I'll call them an asshole. Does that count?
If your hormones are within normal female levels, you're talking about presentation and/or temporary or permanent cosmetics. Male and female bodies are fairly different on average, but not that different, as humans are a weakly dimorphic species, so much of the differences are underscored, emphasized, or created by cultural presentation. If you want a classically feminine body as defined by western mainstream society, well, most of the cosmetic and medical interventions that trans women use were developed for cis women first. Many cis women spend a great deal of time and money feminizing themselves; many cis men spend hours in the gym to achieve a virile muscular manly look. What you're looking for might involve some combination of clothing and makeup , surgery, and exercise/dietary patterns.
Actually, go back and read your ancient Greek historians again. You'll find, for instance, references to Scythian sorceresses who drank pregnant mare urine (high in potent estrogens) to transform from male to female. It takes only a modest attempt to look before your find that trans people have been around far longer than our modern transition technology. This has been something that happens to human beings since as long as we've had human beings. And then if you must identify as a tomato and it helps cure you of painful and debilitating issues, I'll be respectful, and I'll even put you in a pico de galli. But if you're just looking for cute false analogies and tendentious claims built on poor understanding of the facts, then I am afraid you're marinara grade at best.
That happened with one of my old suits, minus the arousal. Just "a man has got into my clothes! Smells kinda good in an alien way. Wait that was me."
My friend is 40 and rocks a leopard print dyed side cut. Everyone thinks she's the bees' knees, if bees were huge badasses.
It's not like he's advertising anything but the look he's known for. As someone who is super down with looking very conventionally attractive, I'm going with him for that reason. If I wanted something else I'd pick someone else.
Impulse castrations = "hey I'm feeling like hacking something off for fun today, but I'll want my balls back next month." And yes, it really helps to have some sex hormones in your body.
That said, surgical castration without any hormone replacement is welcome to menopause anyway. All I'm saying is I think it'd be reasonable to require a test drive of the hormonal state you're looking to have for life, whatever that is.
I started at 28, she started at 22. Our mutual friend started at 19 and has A cups . it's genetic! And when we've all had breasts for ten years, I don't think we'll be very different from a comparable sample of cis women.
It's certainly not for everyone, but I *like* high femme, I like the big eyes/delicate features look, and I think my personality and intellect are unique enough that it doesn't matter if my form is stereotypically flawless--should be all upside except for the expense and heal time. That said, I've seen good work from Spiegel and I do think most of the well known ffs surgeons do good work, I just like Zukowski's aesthetic. It was nice talking to him and realizing that his aesthetic matches mine pretty well. (Is not even like eye-focused face is the only school of conventionally attractive; but it's the school I subscribe to most. All the cliches about soul windows and jeweled pools actually resonate with me, and being able to play in the range between business-casual Barbie and elf queen suits me fine. Kinda scared that the first few weeks will be straight out of Kafka though.
It helps to remember that most people aren't that nice. ;p
This is why privilege, while useful as a term of analysis in feminist critique, isn't so hot for discussing lived experience: almost invariably it means "freedom from imposed bullshit other people get hit with." Which most people with "privileges" will admit even if they don't consider it a privilege.
I think it's unfortunate that gender identity is the term that came into common usage, because of exactly this confusion. 1. My body was born male. I needed it to be female in order for it to make sense to me. We call this gender identity, but I experience it more as sex self-sense. 2. Because of my body at birth, I was told I was supposed to embody the cultural construct of a man. For a while I tried to, but I looked to female people as role models for reasons I can't explain, so I didn't like the male gender roles largely because it meant I was performing other-than-female and underlining something I wasn't comfortable with. When I changed my sex, I also decided to embody the cultural construct of a woman on my own terms, doing what I wish to do and trying to protect my freedom not to do what I don't wish to do. This is "gender," or gender roles. Like everyone else, trans people must navigate them on their own terms, and feminism can help us broaden what we're allowed and how we're permitted to be as humans. And frankly we could do away with all of the expectations of this category without hurting me. 3. What about "sex"? Am I "biologically" male or female? This is an epistemological question as much as biological. I am incapable of either sexual reproductive role; my endocrinology and morphology are estrogenic; while I've never been chromosome typed, I assume my cells contain XY; and insofar as brain structures respond to hormones or are innately dimorphic, while I'm probably closer to female averages than male, I believe those aggregates are built from fairly weak and poorly understood trends; certainly *mentally* I have more in common with people of both sexes who process information in similar ways to me than I do with some abstract average of female human brains. As a matter of common courtesy, especially in a society which legally has no concept of gender and uses sex as an aggregate of both, I prefer to be identified as female unless there's a compelling interest to get more specific (if I'm about to have abdominal surgery for instance) in which case "woman with transsexual body" works.
Post gender society sounds great. I'll still want to be a human being with estrogen and female morphology, and maybe without cultural baggage people won't think that's weird for someone who was born with testes.
&gt; How do feminists reconcile religious texts that treat them as dirty, conniving, second class second class citizens with their own faith? Speaking for myself? Poorly.
They're not DOING anything to the majority of society. They're just existing. Did I behave any differently before I blended, no. I was just being me, but people stared. Then eventually they didn't see anything that startled them, they ran their "this person is a chick" scripts automatically, and nobody stared anymore. *But I didn't do anything to them when I wasn't passing, and I didn't stop doing anything to them when I started passing. It was literally all them.* Society hates us and is alienated from us via irrational prejudice. They need to get over it. It's not our problem, whether we're stunningly gorgeous cis-passing types or rather confusing-looking--we're human beings, generally no more full of ill-will than most, trying to live our lives. Consider this analogy. Is it morally acceptable for people in the gay male community to be like, "I really hate gay men who aren't models of masculinity, they humiliate me because everyone assumes that all gay guys are limp-wristed sissies"? I say no: it's none of their freaking business whether some other gay man looks manly enough not to get stared at, and as soon as society completes the process of realizing that gay men are just men who are gay, full stop, some manly and some not, *the problem goes away*.
For your own peace of mind, I would try to find a way that does not involve her. She's not wrong that you can graduate and pay for your own transition, though have you looked into transition-related coverage and care through your university? That's usually pretty inexpensive until you've graduated and can pull down a larger income.
Awwwwww. :) you look happier.
In that moment, though, it was impossible to hate the mother entirely. It was painful rather than villainous.
You make your own healthy trans community through a selection process. I met all my trans friends here. Our relationships were about 1) keeping each other sane and alive, and 2) the fact that we had enough in common as humans that we spent a fair bit of time (over 50%, increasingly so) talking about more than just trans issues. Cisnormativity, transmisogyny, transphobia--all that's real, yes. But it doesn't work the way that paranoid trans teenagers sometimes assume. It usually isn't a chosen action performed by someone who understands what's going on, it's the social values and assumptions that lead to actions which are individually fairly harmless and yet add up cumulatively to a really rough time for trans people. So if you're looking for supportive trans friends, maybe look for ones who understand that our problems usually stem more from structural ignorance and society being set up for, well, not-us, than from scheming cis malice.
When will you be out at work? I ask because the four months I was presenting everywhere but work (toward the end I was actually just using the old name and pronouns at work but just dressing the same way all the time) were some of the hardest in my transition. That constant switch really messed with my head.
Your body doesn't define you, but it also isn't merely an irrelevant meat robot: it shapes and contains your mental experience. I really don't like the experience of having a penis, I've had one since I was born, I kinda wanted it gone even as a small child, and I'm old enough to make an executive decision to have different genitals when I can afford them.
It could be the smile, but it looks like you're seeing cheek fat start to move around, hence you look like you're getting better cheekbones, which is one of the first visible changes for many trans women. Anyway, congrats and good luck :)
Like my vagina grew shut and my clitoris is weird and floppy and never where I expect it to be, and I can more or less remember what it should be like, but it's not. It's fucking weird.
Realistically, a determined enemy who weighed 97 lbs could kill anyone on the planet. Your odds of being harmed probably haven't actually much increased unless you have active enemies (I know you've said in the past that you work somewhat in the public eye, so YMMV). That said, your threats may not have increased, but the supply of force you can spend to protect yourself has likely reduced. Just going from being stronger than most humans I met to being weaker than most (most men and quite a few women are now stronger than me) shook me up pretty badly, especially as it happened during the period of time I was visibly trans. I didn't think I'd be attacked, but I knew I'd have trouble defending myself. It's an adjustment.
I think there's a degree of "how much of a public figure was their pre-transition self" involved. Janet Mock's deadname isn't mentioned (she was not a WP-notable child or adolescent!); Chaz Bono's and Caitlyn Jenner's probably always will be. And that seems fairly legitimate to me, since people will and do seek information on public figures without expecting to get pre-fame dirt on them that isn't a matter of the public record. Should I ever join the ranks of People I Know With Wikipedia Pages, I'm hoping that my deadname won't come up or be seen as remotely noteworthy. I haven't really done anything worth remembering under it.
I think unfortunately the word "gender" is used in a different sense colloquially by trans people than the sense that would be used in feminist discourse or anthropology. "Sex identity" might be less confusing, but "gender identity" ended up the term we use, which is nice and confusing.
Require female body.
Hard to say. Honestly, it complicates itself. Watching the mother delivering Nomi, you can see why she clings so fiercely to her deadname, and it's a moment of multiple sympathies.
If all your remaining years are academically strong and your test scores are high, you'll just want to make sure your admission essay talks about the academic journey you've taken, everything you've done to become the student you are, etc. It's very common to come back from poor early academic performance. You just want to increasingly prove yourself henceforth. Not all colleges have the same medical plans, but you can usually find out whether any given school covers hrt and other tabs care.
This is a case where the TIL/ELI5 version should be very wary of the emphasis offered. We neither want society at large to get the incorrect impression that our transitions are not medically necessary NOR the incorrect impression that being trans is only legitimate present crippling dysphoria experienced narrowly as suicidal misery.
