I think it depends more on the monster than the profession.
Another way of looking at it is that when someone has a certain code of conduct, they are naturally drawn to the god that best represents those moral beliefs.
&gt; If you are an attractive female...that would be a plus! haha. But it's not necessary. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wol70cBLNd8
I'd read a book about vampire hunter hunters.
nice how many tacos did that buy you
But this 15-year first novel is going to make me rich...
Its not an agent or publisher's job to teach someone how to write.
That's one abusive relationship. In college I met a lot of "Started this novel in high school" types. And a lot of "restarted my novel in high school" types.
Independence Park has a farmer's market. It's along Irving Park and Springfield and held on Sundays.
Waiting for One Piece to finish has kept me alive for years.
You use the framing device in Name of the Wind to move time efficiently. How did you move time in the earlier drafts, before the framing device was established, and how effective was it in comparison?
I think they're cool.
Good. I forbid you from dying. Think of all the Fallout sequels you'll miss out on.
&gt; I hate having to fake happiness and I might as well get good at it I don't recommend this. Faking happiness really doesn't get people to like you. It makes you more tolerable on a superficial level of interaction, but can actually do damage when attempting to form real relationships. As for your problem, some people might be waiting for you to give more of yourself to them, to show some vulnerability. Sharing problems isn't usually about finding solutions. It's about finding things in common and building social rapport. A normal person complaining about their problems is not the same as a lonely person wanting to share more of themselves. The two types of people have completely different understandings of very similar behavior.
Time to start saving, save up that opiate money.
There's more to achieving happiness than fulfilling a list of criteria defined by other people. It sounds like you need to spend some time learning about yourself, to find out what to tinker and adjust in the machine that is your brain to find the optimal "happiness" setting.
Your advice is good, but sometimes authors cut off too much, or don't put in enough of what's important to the story. Not having the best possible story will hurt an author's chances more than a lack of standard word count adherence. It's a hard discussion to have so specifically since the talent and marketability of a debut novelist can cover such a broad range.
That's when you become a backpacker instead of a vagabond. :)
Why the switch
Yes this is what I meant, damn it.
If humans can be born with dwarfism, perhaps dwarves can be born with humanism.
WHAT A TIME
It's verbose and purple, and filled with those little unnecessary analogies that buzz around in your imagination like flies... 8) The first paragraph opens: &gt;Winter's breath dusted the landscape with icy snowdrifts. The stark trees quivered nakedly in the blistering swells of wind. Barren ridges of rock jutted out of gravel and dirt. Patches of grass were seldom seen and mostly dead. To the authors credit I looked at the second book and it seemed a bit better.
Hit me up
EGADS! He looks like a SFF writer!
You have great stories to tell but I feel like your writing needs some work. It would help if you learned more active language and storytelling skills. So many sentences start with dependent clauses and that makes it a bit tiring to read. You also rely heavily on transitive verbs and it makes it feel like you're telling a story about yourself, rather than putting your reader in the driver's seat with you. No disrespect of course. Just some friendly advice.
Perfumer by day, writer by night. I like the cut of your jib.
I want to die an old wrinkly child.
It was a little hard to read due to the language.
Not trying to put you down man! I wasn't sure if it was a stylistic choice or not. It's difficult to give advice like this, because I don't want to stomp out anything unique in your writing that might become something great later on, but I'll just give one example. Mind you, this is a very subjective sort of critique. &gt; Langden continued to tread down the road, until he came across a bridge. Immediately, you give us a character and sense of space. Awesome. &gt; He could only see because of the frequent lamp posts evenly spread on the path. A common alternative would be to imply that the reader is already knows we're viewing this scene from your protagonist's perspective. This makes "He could only see" a bit redundant, unless there is something specifically unique about your character's sense of sight. Often times once the reader is in your protagonist's point of view, you can just go on with descriptions and assume your reader will know who it's coming from. If you used, "Lanterns, evenly spaced, were the only road's source of light." We would know Langen is seeing this. He's the only character in the scene so far! An alternative is to move the pronoun to add superior mental imagery. Here's a couple lines from the intro of a Sanderson novel: "Wax peeked up over the knotted boards, scanning the empty town. **Blue lines hovered in his vision,** extending from his chest to point at nearby sources of metal, a result of his Allomancy." He doesn't say, "He could see blue lines..." Instead he turns the visuals into the subject. I don't think there's anything wrong about pronoun subject use, in fact Sanderson does that exact thing in The Alloy of Law's first paragraph, but the repetitious use of it can wear your reader out.
Wow that's incredible!
Sounds dirty.
Dang can't a guy pass out on the beach without photos being taken
You'll have to drive up to Wisconsin and try them for yourself.
A shitload of these apply to me. I am destined for greatness.
just like your post history
I'll be in the neighborhood come August.
&gt; I was using generalising terms and referring to pop cultural trends where all this is the standard and always has been. How is "idiot who can swing the biggest stick" anywhere near the standard? You're not generalizing, you're making a strawman argument.
I know exactly what a strawman argument is. I'm not trying to belittle or insult you. I just don't think your point is a very good one. However I respect your decision not to reply further. We can agree to disagree.
You're off to a good start. I like the switching POV and age difference between the two. I'd love to see some stronger verbs and descriptions to get a more "immediate" sense of the scene. I get a feeling there's a lot more you're imagining that isn't making it to the page! Keep up the practice and the good work.
Damn dude, do you really need that much socks?!
Don't worry, you're still in the prologue chapter of your life. Once you get to Chapter 1, the part where you move out and start experiencing the vast wide world, you'll get real chances to start over again, to make your life a whole lot better.
I think the anker 14w solar charger is the most 'efficient' price-wise. You'll need to get a good external battery to handle charging a laptop though, the solar panel won't do much on its own. Check out the Anker Astro Pro 2, but the old silver version which has a 19v dc port.
You know your stuff, man. I noticed that the same device was being sold by Voltaic (as 'v72') and Anker. Can you recommend a good portable solar panel around 25w that doesn't cost too much? [Apparently this thing is only about 2.5 lbs](http://www.amazon.com/Instapark%C2%AE-Mercury27-Portable-Automotive-Batteries/dp/B00EVFEBKU), but I'd like to know of any cheaper options. Or would the typical 14w anker panel be enough? I feel like it would take 10-15 hours to charge a 20,000mah battery. [This solar panel backpack attachment](http://www.voltaicsystems.com/fuse10w) looks interesting too, but again, too pricey imo, and 10w seems pretty low for the battery provided.
Have fun storming the castle.
Will we ever see more of Lacra? I really liked that story.
I think you should be braver to drop us into your story and world without all the exposition sentences sharing us backstory and telling us what's going on. The whole first paragraph is suspect.
Do you stay near water sources? How meticulously do you budget your caloric intake?
[The Eye of Argon, a high fantasy classic.](http://www-users.cs.york.ac.uk/~susan/sf/eyeargon/eyeargon.htm)
I was stunned at how uninteresting The Legacy was. It almost read like fanfiction of The Dark Elf Trilogy.
What makes something "truly" good?
Hit me up.
Typos. Those should be commas.
Honestly I am not sure. But for reference I'm 6'0 and have considerably long legs.
Can someone explain this
Phew.
I wouldn't jump the gun just yet. We have no idea how they'll negotiate the exit. It's possible Freedom of Movement will remain for UK citizens.
Usually a chuckle or smile afterwards lets you off the hook. There are also lots of little tricks you can learn. For example, stand near your subject while staring off into the distance, then pull up your camera and take the shot. You can get within inches of someone with this technique. Credit to Chuck Jines.
Here's the first paragraph of her book: &gt;So: What is this book all about? It's about living, creating, experiencing, accomplishing, seeing, doing. It's about leaving mediocre behind so you can live a life you'll look back on with pride and happiness, not regret. It's about being active instead of passive, going for awesome instead of average, and being inspired and motivated instead of bored and listless. This book is about ignoring what others think your life can and should be, but also examining your own habits and preconceptions, so you can live your very best life.
The DX 35mm is great. It's like old faithful for me. Great for some quick draw street photography on a sunny day.
On a typical zoom lens your "sweet spot" will usually be neither at the widest focal length, nor the lowest aperture. It really depends on the individual lens though. You can take some tests and figure it out. I usually shoot with a 35mm f/1.8 prime lens and it's only slightly softer wide-open; the lens is so good that there's not much of a difference. With my zoom lens (17-50; f/2.8) things begin to look look really good around f/5.6.
You're right, I'll just have to invest more time into testing these lenses out. I'm saving up for a huge trip next year, which is why flipping the Tokina is so tempting. The Sigma is also faster, so I might end up using it at night anyways. (If only I had money for that Tokina 11-20 2.8!) The Sigma 17-50 is a very good lens for its price. I take mostly urban/street photography though, and rarely 'proper' portraits, so I often find myself on the wider end of things. If you shoot Nikon DX like me, you could always grab the Nikon 55-200 VR. It's cheap and sharp, and I know a lot of people shoot portraits with longer focal lengths at f/4. I guess it all depends on your needs. I'd go crazy if I had to swap lenses every time I wanted to go wider than 28mm though!
I have a D5300 with fortunately has an articulated screen. Time to take lots of test footage.
Honestly my prime lens is so sharp there's no perceptible difference from f/2.8 and up. And, yeah, usually some area in the middle will look sharpest. [Ken Rockwell has a chart here](http://www.kenrockwell.com/tech/focus.htm). Ultimately the only way you can know for sure is by testing the lens yourself, since there is always going to be variation. There's also user skill... tucking your elbow against your torso to gain stability, holding the camera well with both hands, etc. It sounds like a no-brainer but it took me months of practice just to hold the camera properly in a natural way.
It's confusing to me. When is plagiarism illegal, exactly? Obviously there have to be some instances beyond the precise organization of words.
How would the idea-expression dichotomy would work in Harlan's allegations against Terminator? Allegedly Cameron stated in an interview that he got the idea from a couple Outer Limits episodes. Also: &gt; When you publish something I appreciate the vote of confidence!
The zoom STM lenses are very quiet.
Just blend in. You'll get better shots and avoid any ire of the protesters towards the media.
You absolute madman
That tends to happen when a large portion of your population still lives in rural poverty.
I am proud of this photo I took in Taiwan a month ago. https://www.instagram.com/p/BTYfazyBQTo
I was arrested in Jordan after someone accused me of insulting the king. The accuser was a local Bedouin at Petra who ran scams on naive tourists. Earlier that day I had interfered with his racket, preventing a confused Japanese girl from handing over 30 Jordanian dollars. I returned to my hostel at 9:00 p.m. and found him and his friends waiting outside, smoking shisha. We shouted back and forth a few times. I ended up in tourist police custody. The tourist police held me for 8 hours. They interrogated me slowly in bad English, and at random intervals burst out with "DID YOU INSULT THE KING?!" I told them I didn't. Then they transferred me to the real police station. I was to stay there for an indeterminate period of time, until the governor of the area had a chance to meet me and decide my legal fate. Which was probably not good, since I had pleaded the fifth (right to remain silent) half the time. But the Kingdom of Jordan cares little for the US constitution. Fortunately I was released around 4 in the morning after a high-ranking officer strolled in, shrugged his shoulders, and told them to let me go. The cop who arrested me gave me a half-eaten stem of grapes and drove me to the center of the sleeping town as a dust-storm rolled in. The story goes on from there, and there were a lot of details I left out. I plan on writing a book about my experiences one day.
Literal royalty and world leaders come to Cleveland and Mayo for surgery.
I was on the fence, but your ad hominem attacks convinced me of your side of the argument. Thank you!
&gt;taking advantaged of your employees for personal gain Isn't this the very definition of running a business?
I read ancient Chinese and that character literally means 'Please help me.' Holy shit.
Show us your profile then, Casanova
My finger slipped I swear.
Always a pleasure to watch Undead or Diya on hitscan.
how long we have waited... dallas activated
What did he say about them?
Does he usually just end up slaughtering everyone in 8man FFA?
&gt;The only thing that has changed is Brig over Tracer. So much of the meta and what is possible on certain points has changed. It's not just Tracer...
tfw you spend 30 minutes in comp games just to draw
I think it depends on the hero you're playing. I like Tracer on Volskaya B but Anubis B is annoying as hell. In general I hate attacking Anubis. Something about that map breaks Plat brains on attack. If you want to win your gold games on 2CP, just convince your team to run the cancer pantheon - Symmetra, Torb, Brigitte. Everyone ends up with 450+ hp. It almost never fails.
It's like you ignored my point completely and went on an irrelevant rant.
I'm out of LULs. Me BibleThump now.
I'm scared
We need an anime-style beatdown from the Fuel to prove a point. Strawhats show off their power levels after time skip.
BuT MiCkiE IsN'T goOd ah fuck it
Red: Hope? Let me tell you something, my friend. Hope is a dangerous thing. Hope can drive a man insane. It’s got no use in the Dallas Fuel. You’d better get used to that idea.
Taimou was looking so hot. AKM had his moments on Gibraltar but was invisible when it counted most.
Saudi national homophobe, racist, and anti-semite calls videogame streamer an asshole. OMEGALUL
I never said old Hanzo was balanced. You're moving the goalposts.
Dragons are approaching Fuel levels of disappointment
Are you on PC or console? Just curious.
Dive defeated by Brigitte. Didn't see that one coming.
I heard it's way more toxic. I think the PC gets most of its racism and homophobia on the weekend.
They have the 400 damage pulse bomb on this patch right?
Logix pulsed Wekeed twice in a row. Nice reliable sticks this round.
