I think you think you're over your issues, your trying to be your own counselor which is never a good idea. One of the great things about seeing a therapist is they can help you see things that you can't see yourself, they are a critical part in the recovery process. 1. Work on yourself. 2. See a therapist. 3. Become happy with yourself. 4. THEN seek out a partner.
I don't have a lot of advice for you...but this line is bullshit " "well I'm working but I'll come out after, but Dan has a date" and he got pretty annoyed with me. I was teasing him and trying to be lighthearted about the situation." You weren't being light-hearted...you made a dig at him and were being passive aggressive.
Seems like he only cares about you when you're going to be the spotlight to others. Oh, a family reunion? Here, this is my daughter to show off that I love. Oh, whats that? A wedding? Of course my wonderful daughter is there. Then when you actually need him, he bails on you. Up to you if you want, he probably just wants to show you off so he can pretend he was actually a father to you in some capacity.
Hotelier - Home, Like No Place There Is Great album, I'm a cranky 33 year old man who really dislikes a lot of new music. Loved this album though.
If someone shows that they are selfish and lack empathy, that is only going to be a bigger issue later down the road, when life becomes more stressful and requires more sacrifices. Jump ship.
I hope you didn't make your dog listen to the Red Wedding, poor thing.
Our cat wasn't a fan of our dog at all. We put up a baby gate that the cats can fit under but the dog can't, they then slowly started getting along more. Cats can often take a longgg time to adjust.
Completely agree, however, the vast majority of large cities and suburbs surrounding those cities have leash laws.
Huh? It doesn't, we're talking about a public park, not an off-leash dog park or an off-leash area.
I'm still a bit confused, he is referring to taking his dog off-leash at a public park, not an off-leash park or off-leash area...?
Sorry, now I feel bad :(, I'm sure your pup is great and I'd love to see a pic of them
You're controlling your temper by suppressing it, not by actually solving the problem. Also, blaming your mom for how you act is a cop out (even if it is true). Get in therapy, find out why you are the way you are, get an idea of where this anger comes from, learn about yourself and through that you can start being kinder to others. Also, an antidepressant might help, sadness isn't the only sign of depression, lashing out/irritability is as well.
Thanks for nitpicking one point in the argument, read the rest of it and get back to me.
That the Blair Witch Project or other found footage films could actually be real, just wouldn't happen anymore.
I just don't worry about the day, everything can wait till tomorrow, I just let everything go. If you're the worrying type, you're going to have issues sleeping, always.
The likelihood of your parents changing is very low. Hell, they probably still like your original name since they gave it to you. I'd just try to let it go.
Thought about getting a dog? If you're lonely and around a lot, a dog can help a lot with those feelings. Plus, dog parks are a great place to meet other people as you already have a shared interest and the same people typically come over and over again, hang in there.
I doubt you left out the cheating because of some moral high ground, you just didn't want to fess up to it and have your kids find out about it and your relationship implode in violent fashion. It probably would have given him a lot more closure on the relationship to know you essentially betrayed him and then decided you wanted a divorce.... Anyway, that's all besides the point, why bother telling him about your current relationship.
The relationship was passionate, it was full of great highs and great lows, that can often be addicting for people as the highs are higher than most relationships get to.
I used to take my dog for several walks a day and he was still wild. We started taking him to an active doggy daycare two days a week and that has completely changed his disposition and saved our sanity. It costs us close to 50 dollars a week but the behaviour change has been priceless.
My girlfriend and I both work full time, 8-5pm every day. Here is some of my advice 1. Find a breed that fits the energy level you can handle. If you get a high energy dog, be prepared to take them to the dog park for a few hours everyday. 2. Consider crate training early on, just because you can't handle the idea of being boxed up in a crate all day, doesn't mean a dog feels the same way. Its a fantastic way to potty train a dog and many dogs like their kennels as it provides them security and solitude. 3. Consider doggy daycare a few days a week. We have our dog go to doggy daycare on Tuesdays and Thursdays and he comes home completely exhausted and happy. This costs around 50 dollars a week, we alternate dropping him off and picking him up. 4. 30 minutes over lunch is fine, you're right, puppies can't hold their bladder. You will need to go home to let him out. 5. It sounds like you have a yard, I'd invest in an invisible fence at least, its very very very very nice to just let the dog out when it needs to go out or to just hang out in the yard and let the dog play. Good luck! Edit: One more thing, start off more strict and get more lax as time goes on. Sure, you might want a puppy in your bed but do you want a full grown dog sleeping with you every night? I'm of the opinion that you start teaching behaviours that you want early, then start giving them more slack as they get older and you find what you want your dog to actually do. For instance, our dog didn't go in our bed for the first 3 months, now that is he is fully crate trained, we let him sleep in with us every now and again on the weekend. Its much harder to train behaviour down the road, just my two cents.
Sounds like you're doing all you can in that realm, sorry he is still so wild :(. In my opinion, its ok for a dog to be pretty wild at the dog park, as long as he/she doesn't play aggressively, even if he/she likes to wrestle, that's totally cool!
Yeah, I call it life.
I'd say about 50% attendance from a Facebook invite is pretty standard.
Eh, there will always be a bad time for this stuff. If anything, she will have the promotion to hopefully help her through this process? You've been together for 1.5 years, there is no easy way about this.
Hey, 34m here, got out of a 3 year relationship and hit the online dating sites fairly heavy for a time. You did nothing wrong, he was just never that into you; hard as that is to hear. I'm not sure why he spoke to you in that way, especially if he wasn't just trying to get you to sleep with him. Some people act really fucking crazy in rebound relationships. They end up projecting their fears about their old relationship onto the new person or jump headlong into something hot and heavy as it feels so good to feel something other than misery. Long story short, it isn't your fault and there was nothing you could have done.
Great story, also, you sound like a really fun guy to party with.
Everyone in this post is ignoring that they share the same friends group...which is going to make things extremely awkward. You moved on, casually, to another friend in your friend group. That is kinda tactless, regardless of how your relationship ended. If you need to date casually to get over things, expect it to blow up in your face if you go about it in this manner....
Sure, I totally get that. I don't know, I mean, if he is going to remain in that friend group, it might make more sense to get some 'strange' from online dating, rather than someone else in that friend group. I don't know...regardless, he's going to be thinking that you had a thing for this 'friend' the whole time and it's just going to make him feel terrible. I assume that, even though the relationship ended, you still have some level of respect for him. If you need some strange or whatever, hit up Tinder like the rest of us soulless devils.
Watch what you call my father, sir.
He respects you, doesn't push your boundaries and you love him. Realistically, you are 19 and will not end up with him....but, this sounds like a lot better situation to lose your virginity in than most cases. Just make sure you feel ok and it's something you want to do.
I drink a fair amount, usually only on weekends though and rarely by myself. Every now and again I'll drink while I game. Drinking every night like that is not normal or healthy. You will literally become addicted to alcohol at some point...not to mention you give your body zero breaks from alcohol. I noticed I'm a bit more bored of games these days. I only really play them when I am drinking as it makes them more fun. Do you think you're maybe bored and need some new hobbies? Find different ways o embrace life?
Well, I hate to say it, but I just stopped gaming mostly. For instance, I kinda wanted to drink and game the other night but I went for a walk around the lake with my dog instead...which I ended up enjoying a lot more, which kind of surprised me. You're getting older, it's no surprise that games just don't do what they used to for you. In reality, they're manly just a distraction from life (this is from someone who used to game a ton). Just get outside more, read more, try to find things that give you natural joy. Also, when start drinking less during the week you're going to feel much better in general, I promise.
People will notice how you act and respect it. If she is passive aggressive or insults you, just be respectful but straight forward. Stuff like "I'm sorry you're upset with me, I still respect you and hope we can get along." or "Please don't put me down like that in front of the group. Can't we all have fun like we used to?" When people see you act respectful and kind to her aggression, she'll either stop or your friends will get sick of her.
It's hard to describe the layout of this machine. It does have slots for holding an Olympic style bar as well as the 'Smith' bar. Edit: Like this [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/0HdB1yh.jpg)
I don't know, the machine is designed to function in this way, edited the OP [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/0HdB1yh.jpg) Yeah, it was dumb to lock the bar up above instead of finding a way to set it below. I am used to this type of post in /Fitness though, judgement, putting people down, etc etc, thanks.
Yeah, absolutely...I guess that is why I created this post. I just figured that people use these type of machines to help 'spot' them. They are failing, twist the bar and lock it into place. I guess I just assumed it would be safe to lock it into place with no weight. Just want to help other people not make the same mistake. I'm certainly no genius, but people make mistakes/assumptions and it can bite you in the ass sometime. Just hope people can understand that instead of tearing me to pieces.
When someone tells you what they are, believe them. Anyway, I can tell you the amount of guys that have a fwb that turns into a relationship...approximately 0. People have fwb relationships for a lot of reasons. Mainly because they aren't ready for a relationship or they are willing to have sex with someone but would never want to date them. Stop doing this to yourself and move on.
This is the age we live in. Someone is asking for advice on dealing with a girlfriend who is constantly on Instagram instead of living life. Post comments are filled with people looking for tips on how to get more Instagram followed. Pls kill me.
Consider that she gets everything she wants at this point. She married him long enough so she is entitled to a hefty sum in the divorce. Next, she gets your forgiveness and acceptance. Money and complete forgiveness, what more could she want? That being said, it may be worthwhile to hear her out, just to see what excuses she has.
Absolutely...also, the OP notes that he diagnosed himself based on some online quizzes. I don't think that is how this works...
I don't even know if 'dated briefly' is the right term to use here. You went on one date with her. One of the more interesting pieces of advice I've heard over the past several years relates to scenarios like these. It's not a friendship if one of the 'friends' wants to be with the other 'friend' romantically. The nature of the relationship is completely different. Compare it to any of the other platonic relationships in your life and you'll quickly see the difference. If you want to pine over a girl who uses you for friendship and dates other men, that's up to you. I'd use your only source of power here, which is to break off contact. On a side note, the friendship only means so much to you because you're looking through it from a romantic filter, not a friendship filter.
Yeah, I actually had a bit of problem the opposite way. I'm a 34 year old guy and did a fair amount of online dating. I ended up with someone I really like but still liked several women as friends. Then I realized it wasn't really fair to them because some of them still liked me and I could tell they did...and we just had to end up cutting the friendship. Your 'friend' is being selfish as well. She wants your friendship but doesn't want a relationship and doesn't seem concerned about how that affects these other guys mentally. Online dating isn't a good mechanism to make friends.
You seem beyond irate at this point and way too hung up on technicalities. You guys need therapy. Edit: Also, telling your husband to do something then giving him a hard time about it later is not good. That's being passive aggressive which is worse than just being clear with your feelings up front.
I'm a 34 year old man My brother died of Lymphoma 4 years ago My sister is an alcoholic who was a rage monster as a teenager and is now blaming my parents for all her problems. Do what I do, find a partner with a good family and leech on to them and never let go.
I think this is one of the very few times I actually enjoyed a comment so much that I laughed. Bravo!
My girlfriend hit on me, I'm 34 and this is the first time I've been in love. We've been dating for 7 months, keep up the good work.
As long as you're being honest with yourself. Youre at an age where self image and eating disorders are rampant. Losing 20lbs in 2 months, especially to such a low weight is...quite a bit.
I kind of look at it this way. The wedding is about the bride and groom. Whatever you can do to make their lives easier, you do it. I'd personally sit this one out...if he is in the wedding and alcohol is his demon, lord knows he'll be drinking at the reception and could potentially cause a scene. You've absolutely done the right thing by making this decision and you shouldn't have to suffer for it...but I'd still avoid going at this point.
With how expensive education is these days, people absolutely must...must feel that there money was well spent. There is no other way than college. If they don't have that to hold onto, they would throw themselves off the Golden Gate bridge.
You have a wife and 4 children. You've already gotten dangerously close to an emotional affair...then you start texting the same person, AGAIN?! Get a fucking grip dude. Stop. Talking. To. Natalie.
A relationship should rarely be looked at as a 'waste'. If anything, you've learned what you need out of a partner and learned a lot about yourself. Hang in there.
I disagree, I consider myself very emotionally detached and therapy helped a great deal. I don't think you two need couples therapy yet...but I would recommend that he talk to someone to wade through his childhood and let him know that it is ok to feel things and to express his emotions. He's so used to dealing with everything himself, he doesn't know how to be empathetic or to rely on others when he is hurting.
You don't mention therapy anywhere in your post? This is exactly the type of thing that therapy is there for. It makes a huge difference, promise.
Hah, I actually think you're right tbh.
I think it's really important for you to understand that your relationship with your therapist is unique. Not every therapist is going to be right for you. The first few I met with...I couldn't stand. I didn't even understand what they could possibly do for me. Then I met my current therapist. We just clicked immediately and she really helped nail some things that I didn't even realize (mainly, I'm not as weird as I think I am as well as some childhood stuff). Your happiness is probably the most important thing in your life. It's worth meeting with some various therapists to help you achieve that. Also, I'm 34, I didnt start therapy until 32. You have plenty of time and are still a very young man. Good luck.
Yeah, it's still hard as hell, especially with the Alien Hunters DLC. Once you get to a point in the game where you get Psy units or a really good squad, it gets a lot easier. It's just getting up to that point that kills you.
Well, your old friend from high school approached you in a romantic manner...you rebuffed him and now he wants to meet for coffee to discuss the past? If he just approached you wanting to catch up, that's one thing. But it seems like he has a romantic interest.
You're delusional if you think this ends well. Imagine if your boyfriend was in your shoes, acting the same way with a woman he used to sleep with? You'd be furious (and rightly so).
This seems to be a common thread in the Indian culture unfortunately. You're absolutely entitled to feel how you feel...and it seems to be more about how you think she views you more than how many partners she has had. You want to be someone that she thinks is fun, part of her experience of living life and being happy...not just a safety net. If you like her a lot, you should give her a chance to speak her mind though.
Do you think he's just scared about working after living his adult life as a 'professional student' to some degree? I know a lot of people have a hard time with that transition.
My girlfriend wears fake lashes sometimes, it makes her feel good. Know what I did for her once? Stopped at Walgreens on the way to her house and got her more, as she was out and wanted to wear them on a night we went out together. Because she likes them and I like her, that is my focus. Anyway, I hate to say it, but this happens a lot when guys around 30 or so go for college aged girls. They know that they are more trusting and don't have the relationship background to understand what is ok and what is not ok. He knows he can pressure you and try to manipulate you to doing what he wants. I'm glad you at least see there is something wrong here. I don't think it's about hating the eyelashes as much as you doing what he wants. He wants you to not wear the eyelashes...next, he wants you to get your haircut how he likes, next it will be you not working while he pays for everything so he can keep you reliant on him...then you wake up in 10 years wondering what the hell happened.
Absolutely not...I guess you can offer your other daughter 12k for corrective surgery of her choice as well? That would be the closest comparison. Are you sure this is about your husband wanting to give your other daughter 12k or more about him not wanting to spend the money on your daughters eye surgery in the first place?
You're kind of making the situation about you. You said he is under a great deal of personal and financial stress and wanted the weekend to himself. Even if it's just picking up a water bottle, that is kind-of impinging on that agreement....and he probably assumes that it was just a reason for you to get to see him and not give him space (then were further angered, by him not seeing you, which is what he asked for in the first place). Let this be about him. He wanted the space, you agreed to it and now you're mad about it. You should be able to be there to support him but people are entitled to personal time as well, especially if they respectfully request it. As you said, you have your own issues with an abusive father. I did find it strange that you leapt to your boyfriend being an abuser rather than realizing you might be misunderstanding the situation to some degree based off of the abuse you experienced as a child. Feel free to leave the relationship but I am guessing this issue is just as much about you and how you are as it is about him.
How many lives do you get? 5, 10, 15? Wait...1? Life is too short to be married to someone you're not even sure you want to be with. You only get one, make it count.
This is something I wouldn't be very comfortable with either. For some people, it can be tough when their SO is friends with people they used to have a relationship with or sleep with. There really isn't anything you can do about it. It's possible that he may become more comfortable as time goes on...but he may not. Maybe if you could have a slight compromise? Promise to never hang out with them one on one and only hang out with them in a group setting? Just trying to think of options that could work for him while still allowing you to keep your friendships. I don't think his feelings are irrational. I think it's perfectly rational to feel uncomfortable being around ex lovers of current partners. You should also note that you're the one looking for all the sacrifice. That's not the 'adult' solution, that is you simply getting what you want and he, not. Would you be ok if half a dozen of his close friends were women he used to date or sleep with? Really think hard about that. One more note, just because it didn't work out, doesn't mean some of these guys don't hold a flame for you still, especially if you were the one to end things with them. Just because you feel that there is zero interest, doesn't mean it's the same from their perspective. Good luck.
Hrmmm...yeah, that is a really tough one. I'm in a situation where I'm dating someone who is a bit of a local fashion/arts celebrity. She has guys hitting on her constantly and it took me a long time to get over that and fully trust her. Then again, neither of us hang out with our exes or really engage with them in any way. This is something a lot of people struggle with and there really isn't a good solution. Time can help or just trying to be aware of your boyfriends feelings can help I guess. Some of the hardest problems to solve are where both parties aren't wrong but still feel a certain way. I'd still recommend trying to put some limitations on your friendships with these exes though. Whether it be only hanging out with them in group settings or whatever, I think it would make your boyfriend feel better. Maybe be a little more PDA with your boyfriend when around these exes? Just to make sure he knows he is your priority? Hrmm...
You seem really frustrated but I'm also concerned with how you view women in regard to relationships and their value in them. To give you the benefit of the doubt, I feel like you're using your current relationship experience to make a blanket statement about most women in general (lazy, don't make any money, don't contribute enough)...you start thinking like that too often and you're going to turn into a person you and everyone else will dislike (with good reason). You're seething with resentment right now. You need to talk to your girlfriend and make some decisions. My guess, it's probably not only money causing your issues.
I'm 34 and make about 90k. My girlfriend is kind, hosts and plans events to help people be kind to each other and makes more money than me. Thank god there are people like her because a world run by guys like me (and you) would probably be shite. Regardless, there is more to appreciate about a partner other than the amount of money they make.
Is it fake troll post day? At least write an interesting narrative.
This is one of those things that is fairly easily helped by a good therapist. Meet wit someone, save your relationship and your sanity.
Luckily, we're people and we have the ability to change. Maybe get into therapy to find out why you use sarcasm as a defense mechanism? Don't give up on yourself.
Your partner will never have all of the same 'likes' that you have. That is why it is really unfair to put your entire life into a single person. Your relationship should be the most important thing in your life, but not your only means of satisfaction. That is what friends are for (in your instance, foreign films and talking about books). As far as weight goes...that is often part of a relationship. Everyone tends to put on some lbs after a while. Fourty to fifty seems a bit excessive though. I'm a 34m and I don't want children. This topic comes up within the first month of dating someone. It's a pretty big deal breaker and you should have talked about this a long time ago. Since that ship has sailed, feel free to open the discussion by asking him what he thinks about kids and then bringing in your opinion during that conversation. What's wrong with you? Who knows. There is something wrong with each and every one of us in various ways. I wouldn't focus on you being inherently broken. If anything, you should realize that you at least have the insight to understand that you're kind of fucked up in some way or another. One problem I do notice though, you do seem to live a lot in your head. You are telling us things, very important things, that you haven't brought up to your partner at all (and you've been dating 1.5 YEARS!!). You need to be more up front with what you're looking for in a relationship and what some of your deal breakers are. Just a few tips 1. Your relationship should not be the only thing that fulfills you in your life. You can't look at one person to provide your sole sense of purpose and happiness (whether that is through activities, shared interests, whatever). 2. Talk about these 'deal breaker' type issues early on in a relationship. You shouldn't be wondering if he wants kids when you don't after a year and a half. That is not good. 3. Stop worry about how messed up you are. It's unhealthy and skews your perspective on life. You've already been through therapy and seem to have made a lot of progress. Were you honest with your therapist about all your feelings? Maybe it is time to go back again. 4. You're a strong and independent woman (obviously). Don't be afraid to be by yourself and wait for exactly what you want to come to you. Don't feel like you need a relationship to define your existence. When you're happy by yourself, then you're ready for a relationship. Besides all of that, maybe you should try to date a different type of guy if all your exes seem to be in similar fields or just similar types of guys in general. I'm dating a girl who is different from anyone else I've ever dated and I found it's exactly what I've been missing. She is quirky and doesn't take life too seriously...I've always dated somewhat serious women who wanted family and I found out that simply isn't what I wanted. Anyway, longest reply ever, godspeed (or spaghetti monster speed, since you're not religious).
I'm 34 years old and just got over my own shit about 1 year ago, don't panic, good luck : )
Not a very good analogy. When I look at my Facebook feed, your wall posts are put in front of me. Would be more akin to you writing something at home and sliding it under the door of each of your friends or acquaintances....it might just be a generational thing though. I'm 34 and my friends and I use it mostly for posting vacation pics, announcements, invites, things going on in our lives. Maybe the younger generation uses it more for a political platform? Not sure.
I'm guessing it has something to do with how that bikini ass pic looks.
It would be one thing if he had a bunch of partners and was pissed because she did as well. He has had 3 partners and wanted someone with a similar background. That's the difference.
Therapy pretty much exists because of how people were raised as children. So many of our problems stem from childhood and our upbringing. What I learned through therapy is that my parents weren't perfect and that I was holding a lot of resentment towards them. In the end, I can't change them or change what happened. The only thing I can change is myself and my ability to forgive them and decide what role they play in my life as it stands today. You're obviously very young still and have a lot to think about. Just try not to drown yourself in the blame game.
This is an ugly one...it almost brings up more questions than answers. Why will your mom quit working when you get into the workforce? Are you to take care of her at that point and live with her the rest of your life? Is she paying for you school and your entire livelihood and working seven days a week? She sounds like she has a whole host of her own emotional/mental problems and you're definitely being emotionally manipulated. If I were you, I'd rather just take out loans for the last few years of school and move out. Financial freedom is much more satisfying than owing someone who treats you badly.
Oh...I assumed she had been working 7 days a week to support you and put you through school or something. This is just a bad situation that you need to get out of. If you're the one with the loans, I don't see why you don't take a part time job or get some student housing and learn to live on your own. I understand that a lot of this is cultural though...which many of us do not understand the intricacies of.
I've dated someone with a very close family. This will be an issue going forward and your lack of presence will certainly be noticed. Being close comes naturally to them...they'll most certainly take offense to you not being there and genuinely not understand why you aren't attending every time. Then again, every situation is different. I'd broach this subject early. Biting the bullet now is just setting precedence for the future IMO.
Yeah...this just sounds fundamentally broken : ( You can't be the only one trying.
"I shared extremely private secrets of two people and it blew up in my face, I'm irate!!!"
That is a tough, delicate situation. It sounds like your roommate is going to blow up on you if you bring this up (as you describe her). I had a....somewhat similar issue with a roommate years back. I ended up moving out. Unfortunately, you might have to be ready for that as well. Anyway, you have to talk to her, there really is no choice in the matter. It sounds like confrontation is not your forte, but you really have no choice. Wait until he is gone, maybe hang out with your roommate and wait until she seems in a 'good' mood and broach the subject. Good luck...
Absolutely true...just trying to point it out (ex-MMORPG addict myself).
Yeah, I hear what you are saying. I'm not sure if I would bulk reading into that though. Hell, or even TV for that matter (depending on the type of gaming). Most of the gaming addicts aren't addicted to single player experiences, it ends up being the shooters, the MMOs, the MOBA type of games. What is unique about these is 1. People rely on you and you feel a bond and a need to play and keep them happy. 2. The content rarely changes, you're doing the same thing over and over again. 3. It's addictive and provides you with 'rewards' to keep playing and engaging. I'd argue that books at least increase your vocabulary and expand your views on the world. Depending on the type of TV you're watching, you may be learning from documentaries etc. Gaming is just purely for enjoyment and really has no benefit at all, other than the enjoyment you get from playing (which should not be negated). I still game...hell, I took a weekend off to play XCOM 2 and I loved it. After I was done though, I couldn't help a nagging feeling that I really accomplished nothing and it was wasted time (other than what I enjoyed from leisure). I suppose, like everything else in life...balance.
That's always possible. I just looked at the information available and posed a theory. If you look at my initial reply, I just told him to watch out for gaming addiction, not that he was an addict. The remaining portions of the discussion simply talked about different media types, gaming addiction and how they varied from one another. I just noticed someone involved in something addictive (gaming), compared that to my various addictions I've had it my own life and drew a potential conclusion. If you're offended by that, I'm sorry, just trying to have an open discussion.
Yeah, absolutely do this. It sounds like you live in a busy neighborhood so they won't even know it's you thankfully. Enough complaints, hopefully they get kicked out or something...
Your instincts are correct. Also, you mention he finds reasons to touch you all the time. Trust me, if you were a bro, he wouldn't be finding out ways to have his hands all over you.
I don't know if that is the reason you remember things better...most likely you're just better at remembering than a lot of people. It's tough when people pick things up naturally and don't have to study. I don't know how you will be able to make him feel better when he is studying and you're not, because you don't have to, especially if you're in the same classes/program. The only thing I can say is that you shouldn't be in the same classes if this is a big issue for you two.
Do you think it's a jealousy thing or does he feel dumb because you retain information better than he does?
She should at least understand your perspective. I never really approve of doing something to prove a point...but start doing it to her and see what the reaction is. My guess, she will be extremely annoyed.
How the hell did you even end up married to this girl in the first place? It sounds like you kinda liked her, figured you would get married and...maybe move to your hometown and buy a house? Do you have any control over your life and your own actions?
I think that is just more for him and it's not very fair of him to talk to you like that. All this 'its you its me' stuff is always about...you and your relation to 'me'. If he met someone he was interested in again, he would pursue them. It's just all speech to make him feel better about himself (including the reaching out to you to 'comfort'). The best thing he could do for you is go NC...which is what you should do as well. I know it sucks, love hurts : (.
I think people are being overly harsh on your wife a bit. I've had multiple women tell me that they don't want a boyfriend that is in better shape than they are. There is so much more pressure for women to look good and I'm sure she sees that you're literally 'ripped' and is feeling extremely insecure about it. Look at it from her perspective -She met you when you were overweight and she was in shape. -She had a kid with you when you were overweight, she isn't in as great of shape anymore (but still better than you). -She's settled into 'body comfort' with you and is focused on raising a family. Next, the status quo entirely shifted. You are in the best shape of your life and everything is flipped on it's head. This isn't what she thought she was getting into. Is it fair of her to ask you to go back to that lifestyle? No way. But at least try to understand her perspective. What is the solution to this problem? I have no idea. It's not that you just got in good shape, fitness has become a huge part of your lifestyle now and she doesn't want to join in that lifestyle. Just not sure what you can do. Also, your last note is very telling. You're in good shape and you know you would like your wife better if she was in good shape as well. All this insecurity she is projecting IS ACTUALLY CORRECT. She is analyzing the situation accurately and freaking out about it.
Phew! Sorry about that. Meeting someone new is almost always a terrible reason to end an existing relationship. If you're not happy in a relationship, you should be getting out of it for those reasons, not because you met someone new and 'better'. If you want out, you want out...you can't be blamed for that. Don't let it be for some random woman you are infatuated with, though.
Look at it another way...you did this yourself! I can imagine there were times in school where you worked harder when you realized you paid for this yourself and should make the most out of it. No one can ever take that satisfaction away from you. You went to school, paid for it yourself and were out of debt by your mid 20s, that is a big accomplishment...your sister will never have that. Prestigious degrees don't matter in the way they used to, except for certain fields. I think you made the right choice going to a state school and should be proud of yourself. Be happy you have a good family and keep that chin up, good luck!
"Take your time, you have all day" lol, what a dick. That doesn't sound like a very sweet husband. Sounds like money isn't a huge issue for you and you're very aware that he isn't going to change. Get a housekeeper once a week, try to talk to him firmly or get to couples counseling...or as someone suggested, stay with family for a bit and let him realize how much work it is to keep up a house.
Hate to play the devils advocate here...but she is pregnant and will be out of the office for a long period of time and less available with a new baby. Even though this is completely fucked, I can imagine them using this as an opportunity to alleviate them from the situation.
Yeah, I don't know, I might try to stretch it out until you can take your leave at least. I thought I would be roasted alive for suggesting that they might take advantage of the situation because you're pregnant...but it seems you already had some of the same concerns. Anyway, always thoughts to consider 1. Are you using insurance through this job for your pregnancy? 2. Are you ready to hunt for a job 26 weeks pregnant? The doctor sounds very nice but that is probably one of the reasons that he can't deal with the receptionist, seems like its just part of his kind personality. Anyway, good luck : (
