maybe its new uniform for pride. Reused again next year?
Ramona is like Jax to me. Fun person to be acquaintances with but difficult to be close with. If you get upset with what either of these people say or do to you, you cant get angry at anyone but yourself because they don't care or have shame.
You need the right combo
Don't forget [Mr.President](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/07/23/65/072365e9406d458d59988f13b04724c6.jpg)
I feel like she gets leeway because she of her prior fame.
I understand her motivations though. Like deep down your parents would know that you really had premarital sex, drank or did whatever they don't approve of. But we pretend we didn't to keep the parents happy. No point getting them upset about things they refuse to accept.
With a mum like hers I am not surprised. Hopefully its just fillers and other reversible things she can stop with no ill effects one day
Its cause they dont pay for the food.
Kandi would finish eating regardless
I am assuming it was season 3.
Outside this sub Porsha seems to be a fan favourite.
More visible than the Great Wall
Boris is definitely in all the seasons.
I hope someone uploads this episode fast.
that wwhl interview was a start.
Lmao does it mean Ken/Katie?
Yeah but no one is fighting for James to be on like they are with Kristen
True. But to them this is more like a work trip masquerading as a birthday trip. If one person can't go they lose out on camera time.
not working today :( I think they all come from the same source.
lmao possibly. Poor Lisa, having to keep cheques just for Jax
He seems out of his head in his interviews.
she should know better?
Tom 1 because he looked after James before James and Kristen hooked up
Lisa tries but does he ever listen?
I hope thats her real reason and is using Jax's place for cheap rent
Add Kim Field's kids in too.
no wonder it sounded familiar. Other reality stars have used it too. It's the new "editing" excuse.
really? I guess Faith is more age appropriate than his previous girlfriend
The movie was a quick 90mins so I decided to quickly dot down what got my attention: - Kenya's acting feels alright on its own but when she is playing off someone it seems bad - [Kenya's kissy face was bad](http://i.imgur.com/L68ePli.jpg) - The actor who plays Boris' younger self looks nothing like him and actually looks older than Boris. Boris should have just put on a wig and shaved his stubble. David Banner's younger self looked more credible. - David Banner loves drawing booty in prison(I have to say his full name for some reason) - asking someone to check their bath water to get them to leave is the weirdest thing I have ever heard - Kenya and Boris live in a very ugly and tacky house - Totally not creepy that David Banner is looking at Kenya in the bathtub - Housekeeper speaks in English and then suddenly *"Me no speak English!"* wtf - TIL going to prison turns you gay - David Banner is one nosy houseguest and really wants to mess Boris' life for payback - Omg he is a monster! Just walking through the glass door to get that bossy housekeeper! - David Banner close your door when you are entertaining strippers! - Yeah David Banner's lady friend rub it into Kenya's face that she can't have children and can't cook - Nice close up of lady friend's tramp stamp at the breakfast table - Took almost an hour before Bai Ling got on the screen! - She is not disappointing! Her crazy orange outfit to her money belt - David Banner's lady friend really loves showing off her boobs whenever Kenya's around - I can't tell who is worse actor. Kenya or David Banner - I like how they had the cards catch on fire in the middle of the table to represent Boris losing - threesome with Kenya! - did Bai Ling forget how much money he owes her? - these gangsters don't seem to understand street value - [Kenya's totally uncomfortable sex face](http://i.imgur.com/eYKP07W.jpg) - lol the way Boris yelled "DEAD" was almost Arnie like - whats with these weird special effect sequences as metaphors - bye David Banner!
lol it wasn't LVP it was Dorinda! But LVP definitely embodies that
easily if Katie doesn't wear a crop top wedding dress
I am assuming its one of the two homes she got through the divorce?
It's a 90min movie so I'd say go for it, you might notice things that I didn't in my dot points. It's not The Room but it's not boring.
Omg that really annoyed me. I hate this cultural appropriation nonsense. My family is from South-East Asia and we don't get these people telling us how sacred henna and bindis are.
Shake that!
maybe they can get into it through you!
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I would do if I didn't have to carry the things myself
Yeah. I think it feels slow because we are watching it week to week instead of a binge.
No wonder David hates reality tv. He wants it but he doesn't know how to act in front of the cameras.
what kind?
lol thats the best reasoning I have ever heard. I hope they do fat transfers to your boobs.
Single white female
I'd give them the benefit of the doubt and I think production told the others they would let Lisa know and then didn't to create drama
if she new boobs in private why would put it on tv?
* It took me a while to realise Stassi was right because her instant dislike of Scheana and her attempts to ostracise her really put me off. We haven't seen anything about Scheana at that point to understand Stassi's dislike other than her history as a mistress. * I grew to like Stassi for the first 2 seasons. 3rd season she was the worst. * Wasn't Ariana's brother with the guys at the Miami trip? Why would he lie? *
With this group Vegas is a dangerzone. At this moment the worst we know they have done is get ill advised tattoos.
Gotta keep up the illusion of being broke waitress. I swear either Scheana or Ariana have said that they are lawyer rich from VPR
I guess this baby's name won't be Kash
don't forget to stop at the Polo Lounge
Is Nicky the only semi normal one?
idk some celebrities like to confuse things by repeatedly putting their ring on and off
I wonder what Nene's chyron will say. Cynthia's friend?
What will it take for everyone to stop talking?
I hope Kathryn does too. There has to be a reason why becomes full time instead of being kept as a friend.
If Dorinda has a partnership with them featured on RHONY I would die. It's miles better than Jill's thing with Kodak.
omg the new gigi controversy?
I think its because we are so used to seeing these women's faces. A normal person who never touched things like this would have more expressive faces and can actually frown.
According to the bakery's website &gt;At Sweet Lady Jane we break our own eggs, peel our own apples, roll our own pastry, and squeeze our own lemons. We use only the finest imported chocolate, the freshest butter and cream, the highest quality in-season fruit, no mixes (as many bakeries do), and **no preservatives.**
thats a thinker of a comparison
Made me think of this [classic video about the DM](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fFfWykH05Gw)
Atlanta is the perfect franchise for people who complain on the BH threads every week that its too slow and there is no drama. There is real and manufactured drama on the show every week. I feel like this tally needs to be taken out before every episode of RHOA as a refresher
Pretty much I guess, otherwise this sub would be a much quieter place.
I think that event invited so many on the D list. Jill was there.
So true. Eddie barely seems to care and is just around as arm candy.
She seems like a very private person who is being thrust into talking about personal matters on national tv. How she treated Kenya wasn't right but was this the only way to get her to talk to Kenya?
Easily if they ever get on a professional shoot and they get styled.
I would have been fooled too if I hadn't watch Alex's recap videos before I saw a single episode of RHONY. It was interesting watching it that way.
The stress of the economy at the time and losing his job definitely didn't help either but I never thought about Alexis' possible impact.
So he is just doing an updated print version of the Fame Whorgas blog. Sadly none of the drama he and new cast members concocted was good as the stuff that happened between seasons 1-4.
If Cynthia didn't have the urge to bounce from relationships before she met Peter, she could have still been with him!!
I hope its with a montage of Porsha's bratty moments.
She really shouldn't be jealous of the kind of attention Porsha gets.
ikr It sucks there is only one source for the livestream.
With the way things are between Kandi and Phaedra I thought it would make more sense if Shamea or Demetria planned her baby shower.
Add her to the list too or even Don Juan.
Its crazy how stunted Porsha is.
your own family stole from you?!
The show may say its holiday for Jax and Tom's birthdays but it's a work trip in reality so I can see why he expects to be invited.
I chuckled at MJ's flashback!
They are doing a RHONY with 8 housewives.
Yeah when Kandi gets mad it's always deserved. With her family she has a high tolerance level and she doesn't drink either.
There seems to be no sign of Kim either. What has she done to deserve the peach?
I definitely see your side. If Kenya just treated her mother as someone who rescinded her rights as a parent. Her grandma pretty much adopted Kenya as her daughter.
Will we get a discussion thread going so we can watch at the same time?
He probably got a pity invite to the group activities through Max.
but then I saw there was someone called Ron Jr who was labelled Kenya's brother. I guess Caleb might be Ron Jrs son.
Idk why Scheana and Katie are so desperate to include her into the group.
Lmao I like how Tre took that as an insult. The bakeries inside my local supermarket are just as good as the chain bakeries we have here.
only in parking lots.
Or it's just not worth a costly lawsuit or don't want to cause the Streisand effect. Interest in what Jim has to say is dwindling away fast.
* The restaurants are big tourist spots thanks to the shows. * The trips the cast members take are fully planned and Lisa acting exasperated at them asking for time off is an act. * When the show isn't filming only one cast member works a token shift at a time as a tourist attraction.
Good on you! Changing your eating habits for the long run seems way more daunting to me than exercise.
So Tom and Ariana are going to be further ostracised from the group?
I knew it. It makes sense since that style of dress is more fashionable now.
James drinking = waterfalling fireball whiskey
Stassi's drug of choice was Adderall
They had blackout sex at that point?
That's true.
LVP sangria and Sav-B are like the show's drink
