Read the Darth Vader Marvel run that's going on right now.
Graphics are so overrated. I don't give two big farts about FPS, resolution or any of that crazy technical shit. Just give me a great story and a fully upgraded Hunting Rifle or bring back Ol Painless and I'll be good to go. Good graphics don't make a good game, the same people that complain about graphics are so hypocritical because they probably have the biggest boner for retro style indie games. Which I love, but I don't care about visuals. Just don't make my eyes sore.
Didn't Sr. shave his stache before a Brickyard one year? I swear this happened.
Or just be sad and alone and have a big bed all the time
Too bad this isn't on a Wii, then we could call it Deja Nintendo! Eh?
I always thought Dwight Yoakam would make a great McPoyle
You're telling me. I can't do it.
I'm the opposite, I think I know Megaton better than my actual home of 15 years.
I saw something kinda like this happen at a stop light. This lady backed directly into the truck behind her, obviously felt the impact, back up farther and then drove off when the light turned green.
Now I just need a way to win 600k
Makes me think of the Animaniacs
Goddamn what is going on in San Fran?
As a falcon, I don't understand either statement ):
Are they a high school couple? Jesus, this is the most annoying team in the NBA
Worth it.
My sultan. I spent the first week of gta online on 360 searching for this car. I'll never let it go.
"Well, he kinda looked like Tom Hardy and everyone says I remind them of Charlize Theron, so we figured what the hell"
By that logic where is Robert Horry on your list? Or Steve Kerr?
Ooo. That sounds interesting
I'm on ps4!
https://youtu.be/1fuHwZKXPFY
Yeah, Sansa wishes she looked like that.
Every video game I own is now obsolete,
dawg, we get to build our own fucking settlements. It's like they spied on my wet dreams
build your own weapons and armor and have enemies come out of the ground and then have a voice and then be able to make your character actually look like a real person and then be able to craft things out of the random trash you find and then and then and then
fuck it, i'm just gonna play fallout shelter until november
2020? Fine.
Don't worry, bitch, you're a lion.
Luckily I'm single and I think it'll last until well beyond November
T-60b goddamn.
Didn't they originally say that FO3 had like 200 different endings?
Yeah. I do about the same, I think.
That was my number one on my excitement list until this 4 become official
The lowest you can go is 15%, right?
I like that fresh fade on 7
I always thought this was such a white thing to do.
I don't like you anymore, you taste like a burger.
Gaoo Spurs Gaaaao
Who's the looks? Or the useless chick?
What if the new DLC just adds an 8 star wanted level?
Idk, it was a joke. A bad one at that
I prefer the leveling system Skyrim had over Fallout's
Well, I'm not technically starting but for a year or so I've only been reading DC/Marvel. I've just now moved to more indie comics. I've read all the like essential stuff and now I'm trying to find stuff on my own.
Oh wow, I didn't even know that existed. I'm gonna finish preacher, Y and Secret Wars before I move on to anything new but I'll keep that in mind
Idk why but I think these are so goddamn funny
No, not in the way they're intended. I promise.
That's like when I was in 4th grade I told my mom if I played Turok it would help me learn about dinosaurs.
If you like road construction you should move to Chapel Hill.
I think once you hear that report you can track it on the mission select screen. It'll have "Intel"under the icon
You've Got Mel-anoma
You're right. Who says no to free high-speed pizza?
I think every high school had a rumor about kids killing cats. At my school a rumor went around that a dude would bury cats up to their necks in his yard and then run the lawnmower over them.
I bought two 8 mills when they were half off. It gave me 8 and then told me I had a limit, so I bought my yacht and as soon as the money came out of my account it added the other 8 million. It's kinda weird but its not lost
Because people got gift cards, shark card were 50% off, grinding for a yacht is ridiculous, not everyone plays GTA exclusively and hackers are fucking annoying. At least that's why I did it
I wish I had this game ):
Well the fact that they had meaningless games AFTER the playoffs games is a pretty bad sign.
It's a bad sign when our tailbacks are better QBs. I would give my left leg to have Aaron Murray back
Did Bobo and Willie Martinez take over play-calling in the second half? For one last middle finger to the fans?
We both know that's not happening.
Pac-12 Nerd
I'm just saying, get ready for a lot of 3rd and long screen passes that go for 2.
I pulled for you nerds yesterday and ya'll shit the bed. I always pull for the SEC but that's just me being a homer
Bobo would have called a screen
We try. It has a lot to do with being downtrodden for years and years
YES
If that surprised you, I'd like to introduce you to UGA football.
Oh, mercer! I see you
thank fuck. UGA is undefeated in 2016. GG PSU. Now bring me some Kirby and Chubby. Now I'm praying to Munson that Leonard Floyd stays
He made a comment about Richt being the only person that could make him stay. So, I mean, it's highly unlikely but I'm hoping.
okay, good. I even pulled for Auburn against FSU a few years back. That one hurt to do
I just subbed to r/cfb today and I'm kinda surprised that so many people have two teams on their flair. I always get so much shit for saying I like more than one team. I mean, UGA will always be number one and the gap to my second favorite team is the Grand Canyon, but still. I feel safe here.
sorta how I feel about the National Title (;
makes sense
yeah, I knew they didn't sell it but I'll check that out
I just realized that maybe Dale Earnhardt Jr. is our good luck charm. I mean, we've never lost a single game when he drives his car on the field before the coin toss.
Come on guys, we have to make other conferences believe that every SEC defense is great. I mean just look at Georg- I mean, just look at Flor- I mean, just look at Tenness- Shit.
Memphis' QB looks like Nick Kroll
Yeah. I've never understood why you wouldn't want your conference to be the best. What's the point of being excited to play your rival if your rival is 2-10? You'd want them to be undefeated so if you beat them it actually means something. Oh well
What ever happened to the starting off in modifieds, then truck, then Busch, then cup? It was so cool when guys would retire and you'd get offers for their job. Other AI drivers would move up. You could even buy your own teams in every series. I'll never know why they stopped doing this. IMO it was the best career mode for any sports game.
I know this will never ever happen but please let this happen
Fuck yeah! I don't know who that is!
ACC fans are ridiculous.
At first I thought this was all stuff I'd seen on AVGN but you have things I didn't even know existed. Thanks
As a falcons fan I'm gonna go ahead and start being disappointed that we pass him up
We won but in usual UGA fashion we were dragged into the win kicking and screaming.
I think we did that.
I feel exactly the opposite.
Yeah, I've watched his defenses in the past and read up on the stats. My biggest concern is the talent he's working with being a lot higher than what he's going to with UGA. He'll be losing Floyd and Jenkins but I'm hoping he can maximize the talent of guys like Dominick Sanders or Lorenzo Carter.
I've heard great stuff about his recruiting and the one thing UGA has always done well is recruit. As far as Pruitt he did a pretty good job with us but things turned sour towards the end of the year. It was better than Martinez or Grantham but that's not saying much.
I'm not worried about him making mistakes. My biggest concern is expirence but Richt was an OC with no head coaching expirence before he came to Athens and we still love him. So it isn't that huge of a deal. I'm just really excited about a brand new staff
&gt;but it does require a lot of discipline and organization shit.
"Well I wanted 60 but two is more than I came in with."
A rough year or two sounds great, considering we've been having a rough five or seven.
Blow
I love Richt and Miami is probably my new second team (as weird as that is to say) but our team always had a glass ceiling under Richt. So many UGA players are making huge impacts at the next level and I feel like we wasted talent and underachieved. So I'm so ready for a brand new start.
With the talent we're retaining I think we're easily a 10 win team. I'm hoping we can keep Leonard Floyd but I really don't think so.
Any Jean Ralphio comment is appreciated.
Sorry you had to have Muschamp.
Well UGA will always be a huge player in the south as far as recruiting and the stuff I've heard about Kirby's recruiting got me really excited. I wouldnt be shocked if we landed a number one recruiting class very soon. As far as the UGA national title, I can't even begin to imagine that.
Yeah, maybe. He was in over his head at Florida.
