I remember in my textbook in a college class I had, in the chapter on evolution, they mentioned a case regarding frogs in Minnesota or somewhere that were born with extra legs. Everyone suspected chemical pollution but it turned out to simply be an example of random mutation. In other words, it wasn't an environmental cause. I'm not saying that climate change isn't a problem or even the trigger for this sort of thing. It just reminded me of my book.
There is a checkbox to turn the automatic redirect feature off. So now I only use it to set up initial redirects of the main menu or other necessary pages when I'm re-doing someone's site.
Why the hell does every single article about Bernie Sanders start off with a sentence like "of course he'll never win"?
My stupid bird didn't play with toys for more than a decade. Now she does and she's an old lady for a bird at over 20 years old.
You can get cockatoo shampoo. A cockatiel is like a tiny cockatoo. I'm assuming your bird is a cockatiel.
I keep the one I lined in my office for when they turn on the air conditioning too high.
Thank you. I'm glad somebody has written about this.
My parents are republicans. I think sometimes my mom sometimes secretly votes democrat though.
There are frequently requests for tutorials around here. I think learning how to read API documentation is probably more valuable.
I have lived in a tiny space like that and I liked it pretty well. An apartment like that where I live would still be super expensive, though.
Ariel the cockatoo is now just Big White Bird. Big Bird. Big Ginormous Humongous Bird. Big Chicken Bird. Big Chicken. Big Big. Fergie the conure gets called Green Bird a lot these days.
I you are looking to microload 1lb and you get a bar that weighs 3lbs more than the bar you used last time, what good is your 1lb microweight?
I have a 4 cyl '94 Ford Ranger with 90,000 miles. I'm sure it's not worth a huge amount but it didn't cost very much to begin with and I've never had any problems with it. I hear it was a good year for the Ford Ranger.
I would think the summary would be fine use for the metatag module. Isn't it recommended practice that a description tag contain a useful summary?
The house I grew up in cost $15K brand new when I was 5 years old. In 1983 when I graduated high school my mother sold it for about $200K. Nowadays that house would cost 7-800K. There are bubbles now and then, but the overall trend in California is upwards.
It's a nice little truck. Not very powerful (the 4 cyl), but it's reliable.
Long time ago when I was young and newly married and broke we bought a used washer and drier that had been refurbished by a guy who specializes in refurbishing and selling home appliances. It was a good bargain and our machines worked perfectly.
You don't need to use either one. There's too much scent in them anyway. Takes several washes to get the drier sheet smell out of my clothes if someone happens to stick a drier sheet in when I'm not looking.
Are you planning to spend this money in the US? Do you just want clothes to wear to college? Go to Costco or Target. Don't go to a mall and pay mall prices.
I graduated from college with a degree in Women's Studies (now it's called Feminist Studies) in 1995. I took a lot of classes where it seemed that the objective of the class was to purposefully push your buttons so that you could explore where your discomfort was coming from. I found the whole experience to be quite educational. At the same time I was selling flowers on the street corner in a largely Mexican neighborhood so it was weird to see the difference between the culture as described by a Chicana feminist vs. these ladies coming by every day to buy flowers for the cemetery or these men buying flowers for their girlfriends. These two worlds did not seem like the same place, in my opinion, and that experience kept me grounded in reality, in a world of real people. One Chicana feminist writer, Cherrie Moraga, wrote that the danger was in ranking oppressions. That always stuck with me. I think a lot of this stifling environment that the OP writes about might partly be caused by the arms race of ranking oppression. You've got to have oppression at least as bad as the worst off to avoid having someone call you out on your privilege, even if you have to practically manufacture some kind of oppression out of your own emotional problems (of which there seem to be plenty which may be caused by forcing kids to live highly structured lives constantly under adult supervision). In the end I came to see identity politics as a bad path to freedom and equality, but if anything, there is more identity politics on both ends of the political spectrum and inward into the individual as there ever has been. If I were in charge, I would make sure that all undergraduates and their families understood that it was the intention of the university to challenge and disturb every student, and if they weren't into that, they should attend a different institution.
That's one thing Ray Jardine writes about in his book The PCT Hiker's Handbook. In the final chapter he writes about how we all spend our lives striving for comfort, security and status and how spending time out there you realize that none of those things are a path to real happiness, nor are they actually achievable. You come to see how they matter very little and that true fulfillment is found elsewhere. It's so hard to maintain that outlook once you come back to the regular world, though.
I should have taken classes in computer programming back when those programming classes were about Basic and Fortran.
Let her get it out of her system. Let her lay the eggs and sit on them for a while. Then take them all away at the same time a couple weeks later. My 23-year-old conure laid an egg this spring after many years of not laying any eggs. I took it away after she sat on it for 1 week. Too soon. She laid another. So I gave her two weeks of sitting for the 2nd one and now she's done with it.
I name them all Saturday and remind you I only work Monday through Friday.
It was an unseasonably cool May in Southern California as well.
Jeezus it hasn't changed at all. - I'm still planning for a backpack trip this summer - I'm still eating canned salmon and sweet potatoes for lunch - I'm still sitting at the same desk in the same office with the same job - I'm still driving the same vehicles - Hell, I'm probably wearing the same clothes as June 3, 2014 since what I'm wearing is more than a year old.
I created my own module. The zip part is a custom function that uses PHP ZipArchive to unzip the file after upload. http://php.net/manual/en/class.ziparchive.php Looks like and extra for IMCE now does this. https://www.drupal.org/project/imce_unzip Come to think of it, I think I got the code for my custom module from this: https://www.drupal.org/node/956790 .
My module didn't actually do this on creation of a node. I created a separate administration page for this. If I can find it, or maybe if I can find the example I stole the code from, maybe I can post something for you.
This is true as I've observed the average size of Costco shoppers get ever larger since we got a Costco.
I prefer the 1000 sheets per roll tp. It lasts way longer than any other kind.
We've given up on printers, too. If we get another printer it will be a high-quality laser printer. Otherwise, we take stuff to work or to a copy shop and print it there.
That's when they pulled out the fiddles and banjos and did a square dance with a caller.
My vision issue is I'm well over 40 years old.
Your hosting company will probably have php available, so find a free form script that sends the details of a form via email and you'll at least have something up quickly. Try to find one that gets good reviews, that has some protections against abuse. Your hosting company might even have one available that it has vetted and approved with a one-click install. All you would have to do is customize the appearance of it.
This is spot on.
I have an associates degree in geology and a BA in Women's Studies. I've taken a few undergraduate programming classes and some university extension classes along the way to broaden my skills. That's been more than enough to get and keep a job in this field. If you are planning on going to college, I'd go for a real computer science degree. Don't bother with a web design degree or anything less rigorous than that (really avoid anything that sounds like it came out of ITT Tech or Devry). You don't need a degree to work in this field, but having a CS degree will give you way more options and more potential for growth.
Something like that would be very handy to have. For splinters, for example. Thanks for that suggestion!
A 1L MSR Titanium kettle is the ONE pot. You can make mashed potatoes, oatmeal, ramen, pasta, mountain house if you're feeling fancy, coffee, pudding or anything you want over your pepsi-can alcohol stove. It's light, the alcohol stove fits inside and you can find a small titanium spoon that fits inside, too. Put this in your backpack and you are good to go, wilderness or wherever. At home, just get a big frying pan with a lid. Heavy bottom if you want to make steak. 99% of the meals we make at home use a pan and in a pinch, I suppose we could use it instead of a pot for some of the other things.
No no you cannot save money baking your own bread. Because you are compelled to eat it all immediately fresh and warm because it smells so darn good and is so irresistible.
Start with family and friends. See if they or their family and friends have anything they don't want anymore.
I'm not a big guy, I'm a small older lady. I was very self-conscious the other day because the plates were set up in a way that would be noticeable that it was quite a lot of weight. I was afraid that any deviation from good form would have people tsk-tsking behind my back, so I cut a few sets short rather than risk the scorn. I don't mind it when I'm resting and someone tells me they've seen me lift before and are impressed but it does freak me out a little to be watched while I'm doing it.
Except that I'm strong enough to get attention.
If you have an avian vet you could ask for a necropsy.
We calculated that printing things at home cost us about $20 a sheet. Ink jet printers--Never Again!
The dollar store Crystal Light type stuff is what we go there for. And reading glasses. We don't have kids.
Even better is the views content cache module. Set a view to update when nodes are created/updated.
What did you do for money from age 51 to age 59.5?
I changed bobbin and thread and cleaned out the bobbin area and the little tension circular things and that seemed to improve it.
I use those things and I still don't think my privacy is absolute.
I don't know anything about organic groups. The module lets you set your views cache based on whether nodes are created/updated/deleted. Obviously this is problematic when you want the view to update when associated nodequeues are changed, for example, because that isn't a trigger. I suppose if your organic groups situation is similar to wanting an external event to trigger the content cache, you'll have similar non-results.
It's a Lexmark of some sort. It's a total lemon. I think the only thing I ever printed was maybe 1 short PDF and my taxes. It has rarely worked. $20 a sheet may be an exaggeration, but it can't be far off because it has hardly been used and simply refuses to work.
The hem is ironed. I did put the wrong side of the waist band on. Also, the waist band was sort of a mistake. When I cut out the waist hole I don't know what happened, it was way too huge. So I had to gather the top and add this waist band. It was a good test though so now maybe I can try again with nicer fabric.
The wrong side is intentionally out because I used an old sheet or comforter cover or I don't know what it was. The right side was all pilled so I turned it over. But then the waist band I messed up. I usually wear shirts untucked so nobody will ever see it anyway.
I posted one last night - gathered half-circle skirt. It's pretty beginner-ish but I have to start somewhere.
Oh, the hemming I didn't mind. I didn't do a very good job of it. I folded it over only once, ironed it and sewed it. Went for a ride on my scooter wearing the skirt and then had all these threads to cut off that had flapped in the breeze and gotten loose. Seems problematic to fold over twice. The more you roll the fabric, the more the difference in circumference becomes apparent. I'm not sure what to do about that.
I'm glad she found a good home, but part of me also thinks that these pet shops are rewarded for not taking better care of their birds whenever someone rescues one of their worse-off birds.
I think a large amount of people with a full-time job (aka workin' 9-5) actually end up working a hell of a lot more than that.
What kind of bird is that? Is he a pionus? He's really handsome.
It should make all of us angry. We regular people are getting the shaft. There's almost nothing left that we can do to attain a middle-class life.
Thrift store is the best option really. Alternatively, if all you want is fast-drying performance fabric, pretty much any lightweight polyester, nylon, polyester/cotton or nylon/cotton blend shirt will work. Lightweight being the key.
Some people do choose it and some people have the type of job that might make self-employment more attractive. But the vast majority of people do not. Contract work is disadvantageous for most of us and a lot of employers are screwing us by offering it and playing up the lifestyle advantages while hiding the fact that what they are doing is externalizing the risks and the costs of labor onto the employee. The reality is that it's expensive to work this way and unless they are paying significantly larger salaries, you're coming out behind. I did some contract work and made $14,000. After taxes, only about $9000 of that was mine. I got no health insurance as a result of my contract work, no paid time off, I had to purchase my own equipment. I did it on top of my regular job and in the end I didn't think the extra time I spent doing this was worth it.
I don't have that kind of machine. I have a workhorse Pfaff 322 probably from the 1960s. It does straight and zig-zag stitches.
My cockatoo does this, too. And if she just drops it but you pick it up, suddenly it becomes The One Feather, her Precioussss.
That same American culture produced people like Anish: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pgDeh2XDNY4
I find the opposite has occurred. I'm a woman so it's natural to see nothing but flaws. But as I've gotten stronger and more capable I feel pride in what my body can do and care a whole lot less whether it meets some ridiculous ideal. My body is also firmer, so even though it's the same size (or maybe even a little bigger), I just feel better in my body.
I don't have a fabric shop at all in my town, so fabric simply is not available. So far I'm just using sheets and things from the thrift store or the free box. Once I feel like I'm qualified to use "real" material, I'll order something online.
I think there actually is and it's a branch of the teamsters.
I wish we would just get rid of debates all together. And ads. Instead we should allot each candidate a specific amount of time on the air to say their piece. Perhaps have a moderator or town-hall style general public ask them questions, but no debate. Instead of ads, let each candidate present a simple fact sheet of their own position.
I have not seen a single thing about him on the regular network TV news or in the Los Angeles Times newspaper, so no, he's not visible on old media at all. I only get the paper Thursday through Sunday though, so there might have been something I missed.
Soaking up some sun and scheming what next to destroy.
You've got mice.
Either your bird likes your parents and no longer likes you, or your bird is in love with you and wants to attack your parents, but because it can't reach them, bites you instead. My conure is like this. She loves me and hates my boyfriend. Will bite the shit out of him. Will sometimes bite me instead if she can't reach him. When I'm gone, she will tolerate him and not bite, even step up on his finger. When I return from being away on a vacation and pick her up from the boarding place, I cannot be the one who removes her from the boarding cage. I have to let the staff do it or she'll bite the living daylights out of me. Then I have to leave her alone in her cage at home for a while or else I will get some nasty bites. When she's done with her pouting and rage, all is back to normal again and she's sweet and lovey again. We've had to come to an arrangement over the years. I have to accommodate her quirks.
Yes, I will never get another bird. I've been saying that for about 20 years now though. They live so long.
What kind of bird? You could try wrapping it in mesh medical tape. There's a kind that sticks to itself without adhesive on the back. I forget what it's called.
I've been wondering something similar myself. I can lift a whole lot more than I could at first. Does it stress my body more or less? It feels like less stress but maybe I'm just in better shape now. Flesh is flesh so putting 200 more pounds on it has to stress it more than 100 did, right? Also, I'm a woman so it's not like I'm going to get bigger and bigger muscles. Sure I have a little more muscle than at first, but do I need to keep stuffing my face with protein indefinitely?
I eat canned fish nearly every day. Usually salmon, sometimes tuna. Sometimes I'll change it up and have chicken. What's really good is spam misubi. It's like a Hawaiian spam sushi roll.
&gt; This is why it is recommended to still work when you have DOMS. Sometimes it comes down to hours with my recovery and the next stress. I'll still have the DOMS in the morning and be wondering how on earth I'm going to go lift as I climb the steps to my office, and then 4 hours later at lunch I go lift. That 4 hours made all the difference.
I think it's fire. There was a previous picture with fire in the background. I think the fire finally reached the camera.
My thrift stores tend to be fairly pricy, but I have found that sheets, duvet covers and curtains can be pretty economical as far as raw materials to make stuff. Also men's XXL clothing works well. I made a skirt from an XXL Hawaiian shirt that I found for free (the thrift store will charge up to $20 or more sometimes) and another from some ugly basketball shorts I also found for free. I also turned a pair of capris I bought that were just too tight into a skirt. So far skirts are all I've made, but I think I'm going to try fixing some holes in my jeans in some kind of creative way.
So basically, haldol. And for some species, haldol and xanax. And to prevent it, birds should be raised by birds, not hand-raised, but good luck with that because it's not profitable to not hand-raise birds because hand-raising them gives you two or three clutches per year and letting the birds raise their own babies gives you only one. Plus consumers don't want non-hand-raised birds, but we should start asking for them. And then of course we should give them good, stimulating environments to live in and let them fly. I can say that my conure used to chew off her wing and tail feathers when she was stressed out. This usually happened when I took her for boarding. I hoped I could appeal to her vanity so I let her grow out her wings and forced her to learn to fly (she's like a blimp and she doesn't like to fly). This really helped. She doesn't chew her feathers anymore, not even when she goes for boarding. Maybe she thinks she's too pretty now. Our cockatoo picks her feathers just a little. She probably should try the haldol because we do everything else. She flies in the house, she has "work" to do, she can make a big mess without getting in trouble, she's got an outdoor cage, she can almost fly to us on command (still learning and she gets scared she'll fall out of trees). But she still overpreens and picks her leg feathers.
Gratitude lists are always a good idea. But what worked really well for me was to hike a long trail like the Pacific Crest Trail. That stupid trail beat the lesson of life into me. I got to the point where if there was a huge mountain or 10 of them in my way, I simply climbed them all. If I was soaking wet and the trail wanted to keep raining on me and slapping me in the face with wet bushes, I would just keep hiking soaking wet in the rain and wet bushes. If my feet hurt and I still had hundreds of miles to go, I'd go the hundreds of miles with hurt feet. If I was lonely and there was nobody to talk to for days, I walked in silence for days. If my gear broke, I figured out how to fix it and kept going. Eventually I learned. It doesn't matter. You just keep going. And what's your reward? To see a wooden post in a clear-cut. And then go get a job. There really is no reward at the end. Just keep moving. The reward is in the doing.
No, they really are a real thing. A regular juicer that you just smoosh the lemon on works better though.
I'm a total novice about these things, but can you use lycra binding tape?
I get sheets, curtains, table clothes, duvet covers, pillowcases etc. from the thrift store or from a freebox in my town.
I'm not a purse-type person at all, but I would carry that purse. That's awesome. I love the two contrasting patterns.
You can taste pretty much anything without dying.
You have termites.
In all the times I have lost weight it worked best to walk, not to run. Hills and stadium steps for more strenuousness.
I made a cute skirt out of a ginormous Hawaiian shirt. The shirt was all frayed and ruined. There's a lot of freedom when you are learning using stuff like this. You can't really ruin it and waste money if it's already ruined to begin with.
Thank you. It's a bit frumpy, maybe too long. I figured I would err on the side of too long at first. I'm not sure pockets on bias-cut fabric is very durable, but this fabric is pretty strong.
&gt; Going to the gym is the most efficient and cheapest ways to improve my fitness. Actually it isn't. It costs absolutely nothing to take a walk or go for a jog outdoors in the sunlight. You don't need special clothing and shoes, either. Just something comfortable.
An interesting tool I learned about at DrupalCon is Patternlab. http://patternlab.io/ If designers could learn to design in patterns rather than build little photoshop posters of the pages, I think we'd all be better off.
She needs help. You must scratch her little head and help those sheathes to come off. Do this and you will forever be her best friend forever. Maybe she'll even return the favor and preen you eyelashes.
Oh, that's sad. Every night I get a full facial from my conure.
I'm a lot older than you and female on top of it. You could do either starting strength or stronglifts and it wouldn't make a heck of a lot of difference. Even starting strength doesn't recommend power cleans for "the elderly", which you certainly aren't but I might qualify for. I've never done them in any case and haven't suffered for the lack. You don't even have to substitute rows for them, either. I found that the 3x5 was adequate stress to make progress. 5x5 isn't necessary. These days I do 4x3 (4 sets of 3) or 4x5. I still continue to make progress 2.5 years later. I go up by 1.25 or 2.5lbs a week. I don't think a PT is the right choice. If you can, try to get a coaching session from a Starting Strength coach. They will teach you the lifts and make any recommendations for you about programming. You don't have to go see them forever. You can see the coach once and then go back again some time in the future when you feel it's needed. The best thing is you will know they know their shit. Getting a Starting Strength certificate is really hard.
You can get pet burger from US Wellness Meats and it will be nutritious enough for you to eat plus grass-fed. Lots of organ meats, which of course are full of vitamins.
I bought barbell weights (255lbs) and a rack to store it and a bar, all used, for $75. If I could find a cheap squat rack and maybe another 100lbs of weight I'd be set for life.
I look every now and then. Someday I will get lucky. I'm not sure I can build anything I would trust my life with.
This summer, for a little bit of it, I'm loading up my backpack and driving my boyfriend to the Pacific Crest Trail in Sierra City. I'm going to hike with him for 5 days, then say bye, drive home and spend some time cleaning this hoarder's mess we call our house and doing a little sewing. I might even take his horrible loveseat thing to the dump and then pretend I don't know what on earth happened to it.
I couldn't listen to even 30 seconds of the video because of that music. Gag.
