Best ADC world.
Markeloff was good in 1.6 not Source
Live score?
Am I watching a slideshow
Anyone know the sound track they use around 11 minutes in?
Voids your warranty. Careful.
Nyjacky still plays under the name Liquid Nyjacky, and Rainman plays more Dota 2 IIRC
Jesus fuck, Origen is amazing
Also wanting to knoiw.
I'd like the source on this.
uhh what the fuck
We'd be lucky
No casherino :(
god the replay is so annoying
TSM almost threw &lt;3
I tried watching Madoka Magica but the characters really turned me off :s
It gets good around episode 13 :)
Omg the feels again
It's another way for getting kicked.
Sick cheats
Cause he ruined our team when he arrived. Fuck him
I love their layout ~_~
Reference to the anime, Kuroko no Basuke. Kuroko is portrayed as the shadow in the anime which then makes Keane the shadow and Bunny the light.
Didn't Bieksa also play injured
Inb4 AP tank top Elise becomes viable again
Frostalicious Challenger ADC
They won't be in the upper part of LCS
http://i.imgur.com/sTf1KNA.jpg Here's the image.. NSFw
Image of Lebron's dick if anyone didn't see being flashed on live television NSFW: http://i.imgur.com/sTf1KNA.jpg
LOL
holy mother of shit, is that plot progression I see?
Let's just say Miller in the 2010 Olympics was like an iron wall.
Cause if you solo q and you meet with him, he'll call you downright retarded / stupid if you make a misplay no matter how small it is. Like about a week ago, I got matched up with him and our Alistar messed up and he called him a retard, etc. Plus, he's known as a huge flamer / rager and no one really likes him.
He's gonna call you a retard for making fun of him.
Bruh you literally call anyone who misplays a retard and flame them to death rofl
He had more range but higher CDs back then.
But he's not a solo queue god...
COMMON BOLTS
I'm pretty sure everyone can agree that you're not a "solo q god" ROFL Should go back to school before you embarrass yourself as you can't even spell properly. Guess those 1.7k games this season aren't really helping with your intellectual level.
But that team was under Cognitive until recently.
It doesn't matter how unsuccessful they are in terms of winning, it's more about the exposure it gets for the brand.
And took a map off Fnatic (:
It's Apdo, probably the best solo q'er in the world...
Bro.. you're a one trick pony calm down
Practically everyone knows how they play Mirage now. IIRC CLG has a strat that completely mimics Keyd's A Mirage take by walling off one side and mollying under balc.
Who uses their pinky finger on Q?
Hmmm Froggen
lol... Just one good season and you're asking for $5m
There's one juicy Miller but Benning won't trade him ~_~
Lick it.
I don't even
Markstrom is not NHL ready unless he's improved immensely just from playing amazing in the AHL. He's been terrible in the NHL thus far.
CLG looks pretty shaky when trying to end games. But at winning laning phase, they seem pretty strong at it.
He's been practicing for a few months.
I'm assuming he'll be a PPG type of player
I was like what's so good about 260 yen
God fuckin damnit Eddie this is why I'd hate to see him go.
Who's that :o
Holy shit, please
Can't wait to see these guys to play with the big boys soon enough
If only Bieksa would waive ~_~
Read the entire thing seems like the "dream roster" is Zoro, Svenskeren, Soren, Rekkles / Freeze, Hylissang. And that Azubu would be a huge factor in the sponsoring with 1k for everyone who streams on the team with an added 1k if they hit 30+ hours. Also a lot of talk that they would easily be top 3 in the West or the next Fnatic. Other sponsors would be EIZO and MSI. They then would sell CW Academy for around 25k for the expanded house and use vlogs and videos to gain a fan base / exposure. Also includes Freeze's 3k salary with a 25k buyout for a year. Another thing mentioned briefly was NiP was in talks with Martin which I'm assuming is Deficio (corrected now)
Oops my bad. Assumed it was Rekkles since Rekkles was also in the talks.
I would so watch Kill la Kill if it weren't for their battle costumes :'(
Yeah my mistake its most likely Deficio. Didn't realize Deficio's name was also Martin
Remember to call. Just fucking call and use your mic holy shit. Nothing ticks me off more when a 13 year old buys ESEA and doesn't use his mic or call any shit. That equals insta block and -karma
It's DUSTYYYYY
Well looks like good bye my boy Lack
No they were talking about the individual player Soren not Bjergsen. When talking about those two in the conversation it would change from Soren to Bjergsen and saying that Soren would be the new Bjergsen.
There's dead talk for 10 seconds
There's one that has the Japanese audio using the Korean video's subtitle and video in HD.
Gaara lookin' mega gay as ever
Would you really want 4 people screaming at you when you're in a clutch situation? Or even them teaching you every movement which gets fuckin annoying?
Yeah I sure do hope he *resigns* with Tampa
People overrate 20+ picks a lot...
I wouldn't even take #21 straight up for Lack in all honesty. They would at least need to package a deal.
God please no.
When you view their profile it clearly says fucking thirteen, thsnks for trying
Same reply as above, view their profile
Kissanime (:
God fuck you
Lucic is a limited trade clause.
It's a limited trade clause. He didn't specifically say he hated the city, go back to the other thread and read one of the top replies about that.
Corki is not an early game dominant champion. He's a mid-game god.
Need some Chaox laugh
Oh yes
You're 98%? I'm 99%
If only it was Bieksa + Miller :'(
If only some black magic happened and we traded Bieksa + Miller + 1st for that 9th
Olof does AWP BTW.
The 200 chapters is made up bs. Every time someone states that they've yet to provide a source for that.
Wat
&gt;they should have enough money to resign Dougie. uhm.
2 1sts and 2 2nds
I'm at a mixed feeling
Yeah then we'll get him in free agency, it's whatever
Why the fuck now LOl
What'd he say
Holy shit
Rip Benning
