Or, Mom has almost no capacity to stand up for herself, nor, by extension, her daughter.
[Panic attacks are very treatable](https://www.google.com/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;ie=UTF-8#q=treatment%20for%20panic%20attacks). So is [depersonalization disorder](https://www.google.com/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;ie=UTF-8#q=treatment+for+depersonalization%2Fderealization+disorder).
No legal advice, but I think you might want to start by posting to /r/relationships. Maybe you, your mother, and your grandmother need to have a sit down and discuss what limits you want to draw and can stick to, and present a united, consistent front. Once you do that, you may find the police responsive. Right now they probably see no point in getting in the middle of a back and forth between various members of the family. Bear in mind that the three of you may not be able to reach an agreement, or your mother and grandmother might prove unable to stick to a plan. So, instead of trying to "save" them and dealing out physical justice to your brother, you might be well advised to save yourself and your stuff. In other words, decide what your own limits are, and stick to them.
You can meet with your mother and grandmother tomorrow, but like I said, by the sound of things they are not especially likely to want to or be able to set and enforce limits. Although they may not be as physically strong as your brother, they could always call the police if they felt unsafe. That they don't speaks volumes. That is a choice they are making. They may be your family, but they are competent adults, and you can't protect your family unless **they** want you to. All you can do is protect your own valuables and money. Move anything that you don't want to see disappear into your storage space tomorrow. Hire people to help if necessary. Until you have your own living space, your room should consist of your bed and a small suitcase and/or backpack with a couple of days' change of clothes and your toiletries. You have to take care of yourself. If your mother and grandmother cannot agree on a plan of action or stick to it, you cannot save them. It is not your job to save them. It is not possible for you to save them. You may have to walk awak from this situation. I'm sorry.
Unless he was an impulsive person who got a little too excited about owning an expensive and fast car.
Are you waiting for your parents to say, "Oh, you're right, thecagedbird_screams, and we're wrong. Go enjoy your freedom." Because they won't. It's up to you to be tough enough to endure being cut off by them and set limits. Maybe you'll have to block their calls for a while. Are you saying that you can't support yourself unless you live at home?
This person may be mentally ill. This is really not acceptable or normal behavior. Everybody makes mistakes, because we're human. You surely might have done something wrong with this girl. Well, it's her responsibility to tell you *there and then*. "Ow, you stepped on my toes," or "Hey, don't interrupt." "Oh, sorry!" Done. That's how friends are supposed to act. I've done some really stupid-ass things to my friends. They tell me what's wrong, I apologize, we move on. That's how it's supposed to happen. If somebody saves up some hurt or misdeed, says nothing, and then has a huge blow up over sins you had no clue about because they didn't bother to tell you, then that person is a colossal asshole. That person hurt you terribly and is a vindictive and cruel person. But for them to be one way, and suddenly switch and be another way, and not have anything specific that you even did wrong--the quotes you provide above are suspiciously vague and nebulous--then she may be mentally ill. There are some personality disorders that are characterized by the person idealizing others and then suddenly and violently changing their opinion to complete devaluation based on some tiny perceived slight that a healthy person wouldn't even notice. Do some reading on personality disorders. It's not you, it's her. I would say that the part where you two were close and trusting was real. This part, where she is evil and cold to you, is the mental illness. Unfortunately, you would probably so better to move on, but please don't blame yourself.
Having seen and gotten involved in my share of dying businesses, you're not necessarily doing him any favors by propping something that is still on the way out at the sacrifice of your health and sanity. If he's doing something wrong or is undercapitalized, it would be better if he acknowledged what was wrong and either fixed that or walked away before going horribly into debt.
You can't leave until September for safety reasons? Care to elaborate?
How long before they are old enough to go to school? i don't care how disabled they are, they legally have the right to an appropriate education.
Depends on the state. The child has some say inthe court, but until the court modifies it, the police will enforce the standing custody order if the mom calls them. That being said, the best thing OP can do is call the police whenever he feels unsafe--meaning verbal and physical abuse. For instance, OP, when she locks you in the garage, do you have access to food, water, bathroom facilities? If not, you can call the police.
I'm thinking, the more elaborate the wedding, the more dependent they'll be on others to finance it, and having more time to plan and complexity gives Kate more time and excuses to meddle. If everything is simple and the couple themselves are paying for things, the mother-in-law has less say. Although, having written this, she will probably try to stick her fingers in everything anyway, so yeah, the real issue is standing up to her.
Same here. I immediately named them Ashley and Brandon.
It's a species from the African sahel, so it needs space, lots of sunlight (or UVB bulb during the winter), and a grass and vegetable based diet. Also, look up the phrase pyramiding tortoise sulcata. Although this is commonly seen in captive tortoises, especially sulcatas, this is something you need to prevent.
Good Lord, what an absolute loonfest. Regard this as a learning moment. In the future, if you have your own business, remember the importance of drawing lines with clients. Document everything, use contracts, and fire your clients when necessary.
Your life was jeopardized with your last pregnancy. Pre-eclampsia is no joke, as you well know. It's one of the big reasons why women died back in the bad old days. Perhaps you're afraid of becoming pregnant. Regarding your career frustrations, I want to urge you to develop a career. If you have these frustrations, it's for a reason. Also, you never know what might happen in the future. Something might happen to your husband and then you would be in financial peril. Whether or not you have children in the future, you need to be ready to provide for yourself. This is from my personal experience. I gave up two great jobs for my husband, and it turned out to be an unwise decision. Now I'm middle aged and trying to rebuild a new career. People aren't so eager to hire middle aged women. Please don't let this happen to you. No matter how this turns out, and I do hope you take everyone else's advice to seek professional help, please take steps now to be able to hold down a job, and if you do end up having kids, their young, dependent years are short. Stay employed!
Almost any king of grass is okay, including your law, if you haven't used pesticides or chemicals. [This page](http://www.sulcata-station.org/diet.html) has a list of different grasses you can feed him.
Another thing to consider: it costs several hundred dollars to file for bankruptcy.
The father should sue for custody and ask for a psych evaluation.
"Mom, we've talked about this. I don't see any reason to talk about this further." Leave, go to room and close door, go to another room and close door, go for a walk, sit in your car. It is wonderful and loving for them to support you in your illness. It is reasonable for them to have house rules while you are under their roof. It is pointless and abusive to continuously harangue you for something that in 2.5 hours has to have been completely clarified. No matter what your situation and what your religion, you have a right to basic human dignity, which includes not being verbally harangued endlessly.
Do you have any friends or family from before you were married? Reach out to these people, even if you feel like you could die from shame, even if you haven't contacted some of them in years. I'm betting that there are more than a few of them who would be thrilled to hear from you and support you in various ways--a place to stay, a recommendation for a lawyer, an old car, a job tip. These people are out there. Look for them. To your ex's face, be "fresh as a lettuce." Act sweet and non-threatening. Never let him guess what you're about to do next. Step 0. Document all interactions with your ex. Step 1. Make a back up his computer. Get a new computer that's all yours. Don't let him know of its existence. Change all your passwords. Step 2. Reach out to friends. Get the best lawyer you can, even if you have to borrow money (what's going on with your family?). Whatever the lawyer says, do. Step 3. With the help of the lawyer, women's shelters, and friends, make an escape plan and get out. Take the kids, but bear in mind that there is probably no reason for you to get full custody. Take your lawyer's advice and stay legal. (Adultery makes no difference in a divorce case). Step 4. Once you're out of the house, file for divorce. Bear in mind that once you move out, as long as you're upholding the terms of the separation agreement, he does not need to know where you live. All correspondence can go through your lawyer, and the kids can be picked up and dropped off at school. EDIT: this goes with Step 0: Take care of your body. You won't be able to make all the new and renewed connections you have to make, love your children,find a job, find a new place to live, and survive the various legal proceedings that are going to take up your time for the next couple of years, unless you find a healthy way to deal with your stress. Eat your vegetables, stay away from caffeine, alcohol and refined carbs, spend at least 1/2 hour every day doing something that makes you sweat, get enough sleep, practice some form of meditation daily, and get yourself and your children into therapy.
That's awesome. I didn't like that some of the commenters on the last post seemed to have the attitude that just because they were kids you should suck it up. Nobody should have to endure being harrassed daily.
The "Yes I'm 18" button is so that the website is not held liable for showing porn to children. If you lie and say you're 18, that's on you.
In small towns, his butthole is tiny, dark, and fetid. You can barely fit a donkey carcass in there. In Chicago, his butthole is as cavernous as the sky, and produces ill winds that swirl about the highways with a howl that would curdle the blood of Al Capone's pet banshee. This is accompanied by the almost equally colossal assholes of lesser and demi demons. This, actually, is why Chicago is called the Windy City.
Public drunkeness, disturbing the peace. It wasn't that arbitrary. Sorry, but your friend sounds like a bit of an entitled jerk. If you're drunk, get rowdy indoors or in some venue, or behave yourself in public.
Send a death certificate along with the letter, then.
Engage with him as little as possible. Be vague, pleasant, noncommittal. I'm with pretty much everybody else in this thread in thinking you should get out this week. Make a plan, keep it secret, and GTFO. Don't answer his calls or emails. Save voicemails and emails from him. And DO NOT COMMUNICATE WITH HIM directly after that.
Just like keeping her from having an income keeps her dependent as well.
Confusing, right? I wonder if the mother knows. If the mother is clueless and thinks she is being supportive, OP should have a sit down with Mom and make an arrangement to stay with her immediately. If Mom shames OP or tries to make her stay with this guy after hearing that he tried to choke her daughter--OMG that would be too awful.
Sex us fun. You are young. It is hard to control strong impulses when you are young. Fortunately, you were intelligent enough to know what to do to take responsibility about it. Over the next couple of weeks, if your girlfriend feels like she is about to get her period and then doesn't, she may be pregnant. You know who can really help you? Planned Parenthood. They are amazing about giving away free, high quality condoms, because they know that people who don't have much money still like to have sex. Here's how you will channel your worry into something productive. Do some research and find the nearest Planned Parenthood. Make an appointment for yourself and your girlfriend in which you tell them the whole story you told us here. They should be friendly and non-judgmental so that the next time sex impulses hit, you will have a plan and equipment in place. They will also help you plan what to do in case your girlfriend turns out to be pregnant. Good luck, and here's hoping your girlfriend's "little red friend" appears soon. P.S. You should keep going to that pharmacy, because it sounds like they've got your back.
Can you give us more information about the girl/woman?
Only half of students have developed the capacity to reason abstractly by the time the graduate from high school. The tough part is that you need to be challenged to reason abstractly in order to develop that capacity faster.
That's hilarious. There are girls who spend literally the entire day putting on makeup. Then they infect girls around them by passing their stuff around. Then they get mad at you for handing them a paper because can't I see they're doing something?
...who think the thread is actually about how much their teacher sucks.
It gets to the point where there are so many apathetic little shots that once you make a seating chart that disttubutes them perfectly, they shout at each other, making the problem classwide.
The phrase "please don't, that's inappropriate," uttered in a low, almost kindly voice (implying that it doesn't bother me personally) goes a long way for me. Then say "thank you" when they stop. I don't see how any parent could fault you for trying to keep things "appropriate." That word is your friend.
There are teachers who make the students write down the objective, agenda, and homework every day. That way if a kid refuses to do so, it's on them.
And the worst part is, one of those kids might be a lying bully, but you have no way of knowing which one. Usually it's more that they are egocentric and think that everything they do is justified and everything the other kid does is wrong.
That's a very solid rant. When I was young, we were challenged as elementary students. I slowly came to realize how very unusual that was. I think if I had been educated "here's-how-to-do-it-now-do-it" formula day in and day out, I might have turned into the worst student out there.
He could smear the lower part of the window with Vaseline so that the window violators wind up with sticky fingers.
It's really noble of you to be working on a way to keep Dad in the picture. But if Dad isn't that motivated to see the boy, I want to present some problems that you may confront. I have a lot of experience with moving a boy around because my ex was in academia. You and your boy would enjoy what I did: lots of dislocation without the support of military benefits and social structure. Yes, we got to see the country and had many unforgettable experiences, but you can get the same by vacationing. It really hurt both my son and I to keep saying good-bye to friends, to have to abandon community and places we had grown attached to, to have to keep finding new doctors and dentists and schools all over again. Fortunately, my son turned out to have very strong social skills, so he always managed to make new friends. Many kids are not so lucky and would struggle a lot more and end up being socially isolated. Small children, and boys in particular, need space to run around and act like the little monkeys that they are. They deserve a living situation which is appropriate to this need where they won't end up breaking things and getting yelled at a lot. They need parks and playgrounds and they need friends in those spaces, because playing even with a cool, fun mom isn't ever going to be the same. They need to have things like bikes and skateboards and basketballs, and these things are going to get dusty and dirty, because children need physical, unstructured play. Kids also need a certain amount of toys and art supplies. Whereas I agree wholeheartedly that many modern children have too many toys, it is normal for kids to develop interests, which may be intense. Some of these interests will fade quickly but some of these will develop into lifelong interests. Toys and play develop a child's mind and imagination, and playing with their friends develops a child's social skills. I learned about math and reading diagrams playing with blocks and Legos. Both my son and I spent much of our childhoods building elaborate imaginary cities with people, buildings, cars, trains, and airports, and both alone and with our friends, concocted ongoing and complex dramas of crime, natural disasters, attacking monsters, international intrigue, and noble sorrows and grand tragedies. You need a box of toys to really get that going. Kids need books. Sure, you can cycle out the books they've outgrown as you acquire new ones, and you can rely largely on your local bookstore, public library, or the Internet, but young children find tremendous comfort in re-reading certain beloved books over a number of years, and older children deserve to enjoy having a favorite book or two that is all their own--an encyclopedia of reptiles and amphibians, a Spanish-English picture dictionary, a book of sports cars or WWII airplanes--whatever your kid loves and finds continuity in. Kids need a place to do their homework. That place needs things like a stapler, glue, markers or crayons, pens and pencils, a pencil sharpener, and scissors. They need enough space to put the posterboard flat and still have some room for the supplies when they're working on that project on Volcanoes or Martin Luther King, Jr. You need room for a laptop and a printer and a backup drive with daily backups for that inevitable day when he spills his drink all over the laptop. To live in a tiny house, you need to be tidy and organized. you can t let the dishes just go; you can't let the laundry pile up. You have to curate your possessions ruthlessly. You have to organize your papers perfectly so that you can locate your 2012 taxes, passport, or that receipt at a moment's notice. Most adults have to work at developing this skill. It is the rare child who has the remotest interest in this skill, let alone the capacity for it. In short, this is how I see it. In the past, kids lived sod huts in the woods or tepees or tenements, but this is not the past. Those kids of history were living in an environment in which everybody else was in similar conditions, so they were adapted to that. Some of those kids were made stronger in some sense, but many did not thrive. Your son lives in a day and age and culture in which his companions will be watching TV, playing with toys, participating in sports, riding their bikes, and playing video games. Much as you and I might decry the detritus of the modern age, or we find the vulgarity of television and the repetitive violence of some video games off putting, the reality is that sheltering our kids from these things does not save them from their effects; it only isolates them from their peers. Kids use chatter about popular culture, sports, and toys as a way of relating to each other. Maybe one of us should do an AskReddit about what it was like for kids who were sheltered from these things. My unscientific impression, gleaned from reading and anecdotes, is that such children tended to resent the isolation that comes from feeling weird and out of it. Kids need friends. Moving around is awful and can be a risk factor for depression or isolation for some kids who aren't very socially adept. Kids need stuff. No, they don't need a McMansion full of stuff, but you are living in a modern society, so your kid will need at least a box full of toys, a computer and printer, some sports equipment, and a variety of school supplies. Even if you possess the minimum of these things that you can get away with, all this will take up space. To help your kid socialize, you want him to be able to invite a friend or two over for sleepovers. In a trailer based tiny house, I don't see that happening. Kids make messes until they are developmentally capable of being tidy and organized, which might not happen until their early twenties (think of college). The smaller the living space, the more you will either have to clean up after him or nag him to clean up. I have two close people in my life who grew up moving a lot and having to ruthlessly cull their possessions. My bestie was the child of migrant workers, and was only allowed to keep whatever items could fit in her pillowcase. My sister-in-law was a military child with a very strict mother who threw out most of their things every time they moved. Both women were profoundly affected by their childhoods. They have complex relationships with their mothers, and they regard their childhoods as a hardship to overcome. Neither look upon their childhoods very fondly. Both strived hard to earn as much as they could, and both now live in large houses. As a toddler, your son is currently focused on what makes him happy or sad at the moment. This will quickly change. By the time he is in kindergarten, he will start making friends and wanting to socialize. He will be increasingly rambunctious, he will want toys, and he will, over time, grow increasingly resentful of a mother who chooses what he will regard as a lifestyle of self-denial and transience. I think you should abandon this plan of trailing a disinterested father. You need a two bedroom living situation, or at least a one-bedroom where you sleep on the sofa if you're super desperate, and the boy gets the room. There is a happy medium between McMansion materialism and transient, unstable poverty. Stay near your family. Let your boy have some space and a box of toys, games, and books. Let him have the best of a normal, modern childhood (it's not all bad). Let him have friends for keeps. Try to make your house the one his friends want to come to. Let him have a pet, if he wants. Take some pressure off yourself. Save up for your tiny trailer home for when he turns 18. Who knows, maybe he'll want to join you.
Just adding to the pile-on. Woman, ADHD-PI, diagnosed in my 40s. ADHD was the first thing that came to mind when I read your post. If this is the case, be prepared for a lot of disbelief and people running on about how everybody has adhd because of modern life and how kids are misdiagnosed becase they aren't allowed to be kids anymore and shitty parenting blah blah blah. It's not fun. However, you have to understand that no matter how hard you try, you can't stop being who you are. It may also be that he, too, has a form of ADHD. He manages his environment ruthlessly in order to not feel overwhelmed by clutter in his visual field. He overfocuses on the XBox. Who knows. For your own sake, it would be good to start this journey to learn if this is what's going on, and if so, how to manage it. There's medication, which trust me, is not the mortal sin people make it out to be if it helps. There are certain practices that can help tremendously, too. For instance, I have a hook by the door and my purse goes on the hook the minute I walk in the door, no exceptions. My keys are on a carabiner that clip onto the purse, or onto my belt loop, no exceptions. However, this is /r/relationships, so we have to deal with your husband's coldness. I'm sorry, honey, but I'm a little worried about that one. The two of you have been together for most of your adult lives. Maybe it's just over for him. If it wsa just your disorganization that was the problem, you might have a guy reacting with frustration, but loving at other times, or appreciative when you do make an effort. I don't know if your husband is self absorbed, if he thinks a woman should be a maid, or what. I'm saying, start the journey to see if you have ADHD for your own sake. But you are who you are. Maybe it's time to have a sit down with your husband and ask him point blank if he is still in love with you and if he still wants to be married. You're looking for a Yes. If he says Yes, then off to couples counseling you go. It can't be all on one person. If he acts like everything's your fault, that's not acceptable.
The situations are completely different. In that thread, what was concerning was erratic behavior and verbal abuse from both parties. Even assuming the wife didn't want the husband in the kitchen, the obscenities yelled in front of the children is unacceptable for married partners and parents. Housework was the least of those people's issues.
I want to second what /u/davisdoglady said about therapy for all. This little boy has been through a lot what with a druggie, unstable mother, seeing drug use, a revolving door of skanky guys, and now his mother being jailed. Spend some time reading about child development and temperament. There is little understanding in our society about what constitutes normal child behavior. Furthermore, all kids are different, and furthermore, this poor kid has surely experienced very little stability or consistency. He may have odd behaviors like food hoarding. He may have a hard time believing or trusting adults because of having been lied to so much. He may be a bit wild or immature for his age. Learn as much as you can about what you're getting into, what to expect, and what to do about it.
That's not true in all cases. In California, they put the couple's financials into a computer program called the Dissomaster that the court is obliged to follow (unless the parties voluntarily agree to some other deal). The program runs the same no matter what the gender of the people involved, even if they're same sex, whatever.
Are you actually bringing up that tired old lazy Mexican stereotype? Because if you had actually lived in California, you would now how absolutely untrue that is.
Hmmm...idk about New Mexico, but in Cali life is expensive and you better be on point, at least when it comes to business and work, or you'll find yourself under a bridge abutment.
Ask the first friend if you could attend part of her next session with her. Tell the second friend that she needs to seek professional help. It would be like her saying to you all the time, "That cancer sure hurts like hell," expecting you to make it better, while not seeing a doctor. Then you get a scalpel and some bandages and poke around in there because you feel bad and she is reaching out to you. I wonder if you aren't trying to compensate for your friend who died by trying to rescue these two. It is exhausting and terrible, I know from experience. Everybody deserves some mercy and a helping hand now and then, so they can *help themselves up*. If that's not enough, if your friends are doing this every day, something is wrong. Either they are not taking responsibility for their own lives, or they are not open to the changes they need to heal and get stronger, or they are attention seekers, or something. Whatever it is, you need to shut this down. You are not doing them or yourself any favors. At this rate they are going to drag you down with them. You have the right to protect your own mental health. Talk to their therapists, school counselors, family, SOs, whatever they have. Stop letting them dump all over you and force them to deal with their problems appropriately.
This person does not love you. They like the convenience of having a friend with benefits. I hope you are not dependent on them economically. If so, please take immediate steps to remedy this. If not, please just leave. Don't ask permission, just leave. They are wasting your time. As long as you are tied up with this person, how will you ever meet anyone else?
Oh myy, you do flatter! I look forward to your response with interest.
I don't know if it's terrorism as much as an announcement that people need to pay attention to.
Explain?
It's easy. Take 10 to the 60 and go about 6 miles. Exit Findley, Garfield/Wilcox, or San Gabriel Blvd. and go south.
Nah you need to use his advice. Guys are visually oriented. If they see someone young, be it a heterosexual looking at women or a gay man looking at other young men, they will see a cute young thing and they will go for "it," it being You. You think you're a person? Lol the creeps of the world see an orifice in which to deposit their sperm. Welcome to legal adulthood. Be prepared to spend the next decade or so fending off creepers. I'm not saying all men are jerks, but the creepers and users burn through a disproportionate number of people. Now is the time to develop a tough exterior and learn to waste no time brushing off the horndogs who want to exploit you. You are smart and funny and articulate. You deserve somebody who appreciates all of you.
My ex husband would go silent. It wasn't too bad at first, but as the years went on it got worse...much worse. It ended with him having an affair and leaving my son and I abruptly. The silent treatment is cruel, childish, manipulative, and controlling. It has no place in any relationship, ever. You got a problem with me? If you don't have the balls to tell me, then fuck right off. If you don't have the communication skills to tell me what your issue is, then get therapy and stick with it until you do. No one over the age of 3 should ever expect another person to guess what they're thinking. Long term relationships are built on a basis of trust and open communication. Invite your fiancée to attend couples counseling with you. If she refuses, cut her loose and don't look back.
Dear OP: you do not need a taser; he will just use it on you. You need counseling and an exit plan.
Jesus, this situation is getting worse and worse.
Since everybody else on this thread has articulated the reasons why you should have nothing to do with this much better than I could, I want to address your family situation. If your mother and brother try to coerce you into going along with this, which means threatening your safety or well-being (including threats to throw you out of your house, or making you very uncomfortable in your own house), do not hesitate to call the police. Is there anyone else you can stay with? Any aunts, uncles, or grandparents who would be willing to look out for you independent of the influence of your mom or brother? If your father doesn't live with your mother, is staying with him an option?
Absolutely true!
The situation with your brother sounds heartbreaking and frustrating. You can't do anything about your parents or how they are with your brother. You can never force people to see the world your way or do things the way you think they should. Now that you are on the threshold of living on your own, this is the most valuable lesson you can learn. Your brother may have other developmental or psychological problems that feed into his cravings and eating disorder. The male hormones which are surging at this age aren't helping be any more pleasant, and on top of that, the diabetes will tend to make him more cranky or moody. He is using the sports hobby as a blunt tool to control everything. As he gets older--not until his twenties at best-- he may gain the impulse control to eat better and treat people better, but you never know. Meanwhile, you can expect this behavior to continue into the foreseeable future. So you can't control your brother, and you can't make your parents fix this. They are clearly overwhelmed and aren't going to change what they are doing either. It's up to them to make whatever choices they make, and you have zero control over that. All you can control is yourself. You don't have to put up with your brother's aggression. I don't recommend that you ignore it. One thing you can try is you can speak to him in a calm moment. Tell him that you are proud of all he's accomplished with picking a sport and sticking to it. Tell him you wish you two could have a better relationship, and tell him that you feel hurt and angry when he comments on your eating choices and your body. Tell him that you promise not to talk about his eating choices or his health with your parents, and that you recognize that it's his business. Ask him if that seems like a fair deal, and stick with it. Finally, tell him that you love him, you just want him to have a healthy and happy life, and that you hope you can have a better relationship before you leave home. Going forward, resist the temptation to criticize his eating or exercise either to him or your parents. Hopefully, this may mitigate his impulse to retaliate by criticizing you. If he does criticize you, remind him of your deal, and ask him not to worry himself about your choices you make with food and your body, just as you are not criticizing him to your parents anymore. Then if he persists, leave the room, even if the whole family is at dinner. If he follows you or keeps at it, leave the house and take a walk. Maybe you're already doing this, but you may want to spend more time out of the house doing outside activities, such as working, volunteering, finding a social hobby or club, and spending time with your friends. **TL;DR:** You have no influence over your brother's eating choices, health, or your parents' reaction to him. You can control yourself and your own reactions. Refuse to put up with nagging or bullying from your brother. Find things to do outside of your home.
As far as your body, this is a time when a little willful ignorance goes a long way. After your daughter is born, if plan on breastfeeding and if that works out ok for you, you will be burning off as many calories just hanging out and caring for the baby as you would having a two hour hardcore gym session, so don't worry too much as long as you are eating healthily.
That's fantastic news! I love this thread because my parents suffered from hearing loss for a couple of decades and it really impaired my relationship with them. It got so it was painful to call them because our conversations were so difficult and awkward. Now that they've passed, I feel sad about that. I would urge you to definitely go to the audiologist with him, and ask a ton of questions. Think in terms of what could possibly feel wrong or uncomfortable about your dad. After the appointment, take your dad out to a nice lunch and pour on the daughterly love bomb to reward him for taking this step. Make sure to review with him everything the audiologist said about what might be difficult, how to get used to the aids, and when to go back to the audiologist for check ups or fine tuning. Then do everything in your power to help him follow up and stick to the instructions. Make sure his expectations are set realistically. Everytime he is wearing his hearing aids, give him a good word or a hug--you're going for positive reinforcement. Try to get your mom on board to help you with the positive reinforcement. My mom was the naggy type and I know how ingrained that habit can get! But if you can convince her to not just dial back the nagging, but do something positive, even a thank you, hopefully that can help. Good luck!
"Provide for her?" Is this the 19th century? If she wants more wealth and the finer things, she can work on her career and earn them herself. I feel contemptuous of this woman and I haven't even met her.
If this girl really had some life experience, she would value your fiscally responsible attitude. I'm sorry to say that I don't see a promising future for this relationship. I'm also sorry to say that if she breaks up with you over this, she could well find herself with a man who blows his money trying to impress her and then winds up in chronic debt. Don't change your mentality towards money for this woman, no matter how hot she is. No matter how much money you have, it's mind blowing how fast it can go. Stick with your responsible ways and find a girl who wants to be a partner instead of a trophy.
Seriously....what part of the South is this woman from? My mom, four sisters, and several thousand cousins are from the South and if you call out a given name at a family reunion, at least four people answer. This woman sounds like a toxic person best avoided. Your parents don't want to face up to the fact, because Southerners are all about family. Unfortunately your sister is not. She has said some things that can't be unsaid even if she wanted to, which obviously she doesn't. She was no doubt looking for an excuse to cut ties with you, which now she has. In other news, this isn't about politics either. If she were a good feminist, she would be supporting your wife instead of trying to tear her down.
Yeah your sister's attitude is unacceptable. She sounds like a straight up nasty person.
They don't have to be that expensive, especially if you're in financial crisis.
&gt; I just like to make everyone happy Let me gently suggest that "I just like to make everyone okay" may be a more helpful attitude for an adult with a family. There will be plenty of times when making everyone happy is neither achievable nor desirable.
Walter White is positively satanic. He is self centered to the extent of a sociopath and thinks nothing of destroying people to serve himself and himself alone. He has great insight into manipulating others, but lacks insight into his own self centeredness. He actually thinks he's doing his family a favor. I went into this little diatribe because it speaks volumes that your father views Walter White as a sympathetic character. I'm so sorry that you have to go through this. You do not deserve this. Your father is responsible for your conception and existance, whether or not he wants to admit it. Your mother may have believed that she was doing the best she could by keeping the family together. It may be cathartic to talk it over with her, but it's a gamble. Maybe it will bring the two of you closer, but she may say something that hurts you worse. Google Childhood Emotional Neglect and see if there is anything that helps you understand your life there. Everyone deserves their parents' love, full stop. You are, emotionally speaking, fatherless. It may be hard to explain to some people, but that's what it is.
Is Thor getting UVB light daily, either from the sun or from a UVB lamp? Go to grocery greens are radicchio, endive, and arugula. Minimize kale and spinach. You can also sprout tortoise friendly greens from seeds obtainable from [Tortoise Supply](http://www.tortoisesupply.com/SeedMixes). They also have [many good alternatives](http://www.tortoisesupply.com/TortoiseFood) for tortoise-appropriate chow. Not all dried tortoise foods are created equal, but Mazuri is especially highly regarded. Romaine and iceberg lettuce leaves are not very nutritious. Fruits, carrots, and tomatoes are relatively high in sugar and hence not good for your tortoise. Feeding "sweets" on a regular basis can compromise your tortoise's health and ruin his taste for proper food. Another thing you should do is sprinkle his food with some [calcium powder](http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B00061UWJM?vs=1). Also, make sure he has sufficient clean water at all times. You should do some research on different plants that your tortoise could eat. Most do harm but there are some surprising plants that are quite healthy, such as succulents, de-spined nopal cactus, Jamaica flowers, and rose petals (as long as the rose wasn't sprayed with chemicals). [The Tortoise Table](http://thetortoisetable.org.uk) has a [plant database](http://m.thetortoisetable.org.uk/m/plant_database_14.asp) where you can see the fitness of a huge number of plants for inclusion in your tortoise's diet.
I was thinking Thor might be a marginated, but I might be wrong. OP, this is excellent advice, right here.
You both grew up, and you owning your own business and managing 30 employees has also made you more confident. Confidence is sexy. Maybe that's part of it? It sounds like you're in love, so nothing you can do about that--just try to keep your eyes open for greedy behavior. If you feel pushed in any way--especially if she's pushing you do buy her things or spend money you weren't ready to spend-- please think twice.
[Here's a horror story](http://www.tortoiseforum.org/threads/another-dog-story.45850/) in case you need more convincing. Tortoises are the consummate prey animal, sad but true. I personally know quite a few people who have lost their tortoises to dogs, cats, rats, coyotes, etc. We have to be careful out there.
I'm glad you had a justice porn moment; you deserve it. But be carefue around MIL and SIL. They do not sound like a good combination. SIL sounds like she has the emotional development of a three-year-old, and MIL (as well as others, perhaps) have a habit of appeasing her for incomprehensible reasons. Stay tuned for more exciting adventures coming from this dynamic duo.
If you have been in committed relationships since you were 13, it might not be such a bad idea to take a break. As long as you are afraid to be alone, you will not be able to make level headed judgments about potential partners. Clearly you have no problems attracting a mate if you want to. Give yourself a break, get your confidence up.
&gt; he works with children as an outdoor instructor Dear God...that is not an appropriate line of work for an abusive person
You can't change him. You can't fix him. You can't wish this away. He has become a menace to himself, and to you and the baby. It doesn't matter how unreasonable or unfair this all is--he is the only one on the world who can battle his addiction. The words you say make no difference. The words he says make no difference. Unfortunately, the man you fell in love with is imprisoned deep inside of an alcoholic. This may never end until he dies horribly of cirrhosis of the liver or a car accident. I hope he doesn't take you or your child with him. There are medications that can help someone who is *already committed to quitting.* But honestly, I think you need to leave this man and let him decide whether or not he wants to sort this problem out. Otherwise, you are doing yourself or your child no favors.
&gt; she seems to accept responsibility/blame for everything without question, and I wouldn't be at all surprised if she interpreted any kind of negative emotion on Jack's part as directed at her I think you nailed the central issue. Poor OP regards herself as a "mistake." Maybe that's why she feels like her own needs are irrelevant to the point where she thinks nothing of taking damage to herself to keep Scylla and Charybdis from striking each other. Whereas the people saying that Jack will be mad at OP have a point, they are probably just making her feel even more paralyzed with guilt. The fact is that Brian sweet talked her into that stupid deal with the furniture when she an orphan of only 20, maybe even 19. At the time Brian was 32 or 33. Can you imagine the power differential? How many if us would have been able to tell that shit head no when we were 19 or 20? I sure wouldn't have. /u/bellsathrowaway, you are a victim here. The blame for being in this situation is about 95% Brian's. Now that you have us to take the role your parents might be taking were they around to see what was going on, you kniw better. Please takeep this to Jack--even if he gets mad.
Was he cheated on by the girlfriend, or did she leave him because he was abusive and controlling and he chose to interpret that as cheating? By the age of 30, a person should be intelligent enough to understand that if one person cheats, that doesn't mean that every single other person of the same gender behaves identically. And no, trust doesn't have to be earned, you're not a wayward teenager for fuck's sake. Trust should be assumed unless proven otherwise. Count me in with the people who think that your family lives you and wants to spare you the horrors of an escalating abusive relationship. I don't think you have it in you to pay any attention to our advice, so please, hold on to these 3 things for me: 1.) When you're ready to leave, your family **will** be there to support you, no matter what lies he may say; 2.) You don't ever deserve to be hurt physically, verbally, emotionally, or in any other way, no matter what he says; 3.) When you need to get out, contact RAINN.
You should probably not have the baby. The baby will make it much harder to leave him on a variety of levels. That's probably why he discouraged you from using birth control, and why he didn't use a condom. If you go through with the pregnancy, when you're ready to try leaving, he will tell lies and use the baby against you. He will guilt trip you saying that you want the baby to grow up without a father. Don't listen to these lies. If you read any thread about abuse on here, children of abusive relationships always weigh in and they **always** say that it would be better not to grow up witnessing one parent abusing the other. It screws up the children in so many ways. Do not stay in an abusive relationship for the sake of the child. The thinking should be that you should leave for the sake of the child. But really, this baby is going to be a tie to an abusive, manipulative criminal, and will make it much harder to complete your education, hold down a job, and enjoy your young adulthood.
That 5% colors everything, though. It never leaves your mind, does it? You're always waiting for the shoe to drop, am I right? Supposing you had just opened a delicious bottle of priceless wine. Just as you are about to pour yourself a glass, somebody drops a tiny piece of shit into the bottle. Even if the shit were 1% of the volume of the bottle, you wouldn't want to drink even a drop of that wine, would you? It wouldn't be worth it.
&gt; says terrbile things to the kids like, 'I wish you were never born' Wow... I'm so sorry, but this changes everything. Take these recordings to a lawyer. You need to get yourself and the kids out, now. No more counseling or talk of therapy (except for you and the kids). She had her chance. You need to save the kids.
Well, if your wife gives a shit about staying married to you, she should agree to go to counselling with you and leave these racist pieces of shit behind. It sounds like she is thrilled to have a circle of friends finally. She might be a racist herself. If she is nor a racist, and is just oblivious with a terrible self esteem and hence a warped sense of what a circle of friends should or should not do, there is hope. Otherwise, if she refuses to see how disrepectful both her friends' and her behavior was, I'm sorry to say that you're done. Edit: on phone, spell is hard
Sorry, I could barely follow this post with all the back and forth, but here's my take: Miranda sounds like some of her introversion is fueled by anxiety. Her not being able to drive, or nor being able to drive on highways, is the clue. I'm sure shes a lively person, but the anxiety is making her world smaller and smaller, and it's going to make yours smaller and smaller, until you are going to have to choose between Miranda and living your life. You are both still very young and you should not be in a relationship that restricts you from having fun (I'm not saying this to blame or hate on Miranda, but my experience with people with anxiety. If you really love her and she is as wonderful as you say, she needs to start coping with her anxiety. This means counseling and meds. It is a serious condition that cripples lives. Next, any social plans complicated enough where I would have to draw charts and diagrams to understand it has a high probability of not working out. In the future, don't make plans that elaborate. Some things can't happen, the end. Also, any plans that require people to make long ass drives late at night after possibly drinking are unsafe. I have on occasion made promises like your sister with all good intentions, but I can get super sleepy behind the wheel even if I haven't been drinking. Finally: As soon as you get your health insurance squared away, get your tonsils out, because fuck strep.
Is the boy in any sort of counseling? If not, he needs it, stat. His level of anger, his penchant for hurting people, and being friendless makes it sound like he has problems that ordinary parents might have a very hard time disciplining their way out of using ordinary methods. Also, the courts take parental alienation very seriously. Can your boyfriend take that issue back to court? Does he have any proof of what ex-wife had been saying?
OP, please listen to /u/sleepyintoronto. There is a lot of terrible advice in here about punishments and being the alpha from people who have no clue what they're talking about. This kid's behavior is unacceptable, and he is clearly hurting a lot. He needs intensive and sensitive intervention from mature, well educated adults stat, because he is about to become too big to control, or his behavior will escalate to the point that your only recourse will be calling the poilce.
He is sweet to you because he wants to maintain his living situation. As soon as I read that he had been evicted, all the buzzers went off, and everything you indicated thereafter just reinforced that this guy is a mooch in every sense. You have no future with a guy who makes twice what you do and still manages to get evicted, not to mention the problematic kids. I know you're attached to him, but he is a user and he will pull you down with him. Give him 30 days' notice and plug up your ears when he whines and cries that he has nowhere to go.
You got pregnant within 3 months--we're either of you even using birth control? Do you have a job? What does it pay? Does it pay enough to support you? Does it pay enough to support you and the baby? Do you have enough in savings to support you for the 6 weeks that you're at home after giving birth (assuming no medical complications)? You do know that family leave in the U.S. is not paid, right? Have you called up various day cares in your area and asked how much they cost? Do you have your own place yet? Do you have reliable transportation? Do you have health insurance? Have you thought these things through and run the numbers, or were you just thinking, "abortion bad, baby good?" Do you really want to be a good parent? Do not bring a child into a lonely, financially chaotic life.
But you know, there is an imperfect method of birth control available to men...the good ol' condom. If she's pregnant after only 3 months, it seems that neither OP nor boyfriend were using ANY form of birth control. They are both stupid children.
It's hard to learn about a savings account disappearing like that, but it's even worse that your wife is stonewalling and making a drama about a tangential issue (you telling your parents) instead of the real issue. I recommend that you not get a new car until you work out what's going on with any credit accounts you might not know about or any crazy balances on known credit cards. If your wife refuses to communicate with you directly and honestly, I'm afraid that your only recourse is marriage counseling and then to cut ties if she refuses. You cannot spend the rest of your life with someone who is financially untrustworthy.
&gt; I'm sure my ex could list of numerous things about me that he wasn't keen on that I never would have even taken into consideration or been aware of. Yeah, but that's on him to actually tell you using grown up words.
Yeah, this guy is a first class mansplainer. As is your husband, sorry. Neither have a clue. Please, for the baby's sake if not your own, tell him no and that's final. Hopefully he's not the type to drag you to the car by force.
Kids are often shitty people because they are not fully formed yet. Step one is to take a deep breath and realize that the entire purpose of being alive is to grow, develop, and learn new things. You grew up enough to come to this realization. Now it's time to take the next step and stop wallowing in you having been an ignorant child. News flash, kids are ignorant. Stop making a huge deal out of this conversation you are going to have. Pick up the phone, call your brother, bring this memory up, and say you're sorry. Blurt it out fast and simply so that your mind doesn't have time to stop you. What's stopping you is that you fear that your brother might be as angry with you as you are with yourself. If he is, it would hurt, but you would be in the same boat you are now: hi on Christmas and birthdays, but at least you can know that you did the honorable thing. Or, he might say, yeah that hurt, but he might only be a little mad about it in the present. You will feel hurt, again, but in this case you have opened the door to a better relationship. Or, for all you know, he might have largely rationalized it as little kids being shitty. For all you know, he would love to have a better relationship with you, but has been waiting for you to open the door. I don't see a bad outcome to you making that call. The absolute worst case is that things stay pretty much as they are, but you have the satisfaction of having attempted an atonement. The more likely scenario is that you start the process of getting closer to your brother. If you are so stuck about making this phone call that you can't do it within a day or two, maybe you should see a counselor to work through whatever is holding you back.
I discovered it myself by accident--I had been covering up a plantar's wart on my foot with duct tape because I had run out if bandaids and kept forgetting to get them. One day the thing just peeled off, yay! Then my son got one, I took him in to the pediatrician, and she told me about the research. Google "planter's wart duct tape." I am still concerned about your father telling you to essentially tough out a painful medical problem. Even if you fix this wart situation, the next issue may not be so simple, and many medical problems can get very serious very quickly if left untreated. It is never fair to call someone a hypochondriac and mock them if they have an issue. A parent who does this is not doing their job. They deserve to have another adult ask them to step up their game, and you deserve appropriate medical care.
Imagine somebody writing in to say that their spouse makes them wear the clothes that they pick out, screams at them all the time, makes them obey a curfew, and that they have to keep silent and never say anything back in order to keep some semblance of peace. There would be a barrage of replies telling you to leave this person and cut all contact. If you have been on here any length of time, you know this is true. If you are paying the entire apartment, you need to stop so that you can save for a security deposit on your own place, or maybe you can take out a small loan. If she has access to your bank account, open a new, secret one and have your pay deposited into it. DO NOT tell your mother what you are doing until you get the place. Then get a couple of friends or hired hands to get your stuff out in one afternoon. Your mother cannot legally stop you from leavong, or from accessing your stuff. If she tries to do so, you can call the police. Next, just because your mother blows up your phone does not oblige you to answer it. You should get a new phone with a new number that your mother does nor know. Only use the old phone to call your mother. If she gets combative or abusive, hang up and turn the phone off. At 57, she should be supporting herself. If she wanted you to stick around, she should treat you decently. **There is no excuse for abuse.** I can imagine that it will be terribly hard for you to follow this advice. Even after you manage to get out, you should get counseling to help you undo the damage that she has done and learn to assert your rights in relationships. You do not want to end up with a man who treats you similarly.
It's not up to any "they" whether or nor she stays with you, so don't let them think you're an option. If she has a personality disorder, you do not have a great future as a couple. She will continue to cheat and manipulate you. Better for you to leave now, while she is still under professional care for a while and before firm plans have been made, than a decade from now, after suffering a horrible relationship out of pure obligation.
If she has a personality disorder, she probably isn't getting better. That's the way she is.
1.) Throw away all women's magazines, particularly the ones about some rich starlet looking like a skinny stick with perfect hair several minutes after giving birth, because fuck those people. They are lying. 2.) If you are that concerned about being healthy, lay off refined sugar and other shit food. 3.) If you are breastfeeding, you are burning off the same amount of energy as someone climbing a mountain every single day. 4.) If you really want to exercise, carry around a 10-15 pound weight all day and night. Oh, wait, you're already doing that. If you insist on doing another exercise, do some kegels. 5.) If you insist on doing more exercise, fucking **DON'T.** Do you want to get mastitis? Because overexerting yourself is how you get mastitis. Do a Google search on it. It is not a fucking joke. 6.) Seriously, NO exercise regimen until you hit about 4 months at least. Then start with something chill like walking. It took you nine months to create a human being and then expel him or her from your vagina. 7.) If anyone is pressuring you to lose weight, get skinny, get moving, or stop being lazy, expunge that person from your life, because they suck. Surround yourself with people who support you in being a parent. The main reasons why parents gain weight stem fromhealth problems, overeating sugary, over refined junk food, and mostly, from abandoning exercise during their child's infancy and childhood. That's right, the real weight gain usually happens because babies, toddlers, and small children are very demanding and people stress eat and don't exercise. So this is not the period of time to worry about being fat. This is the time to allow you body to rest and recuperate. Get back into shape staring when the baby starts solid foods, and keep up with a healthy diet and exercise routine during the kid's demanding years.
A lesson I learned in the past few years with my ex-husband's constant moves while we were martied, the divorce, and my parents' deaths last year--there is little happiness in things, including property, and there is a time when you need to let go of your things to be okay. You can't put it to your father this way, of course. But the property is not the same as his wife. His wife lives on in his memories. No object or property can take the place of his wife. Staying on the property and clinging to old things that hace served their purpose will not bring her back. Leaving property and objects behind will not destroy what is most imortant, his love and memories. This is a long, elaborate way of saying that he needs to leave this oversized property that is too much work to care for him by himself. He needs to sell it, and most of the objects, and move somewhere nice and small enough for just him to take care of. He has no idea how much lighter and cleaner his soul will feel. As for lazy-ass brother, he can figure his own shit out. So that's your job--to try to convince your father to leave the old place behind.
I'm sorry, but your girlfriend sounds like a horrible person. I have had experience with self centered people like this. The whole premise of the relationship is Her. You are not allowed to have needs. In fact, her treatment of you shows that in her mind, you barely exist except as a Thing that Gives. She is the ultimate taker. You can go on and wait for her to magically see the light and change into a normal, nice person, but if you do, I guarantee that you will be sucked dry. You are a nice, giving person who enjoys caring for others. I may be wrong, but I'll warrant that much of your love for her is because caring for such a needy person makes you feel adult and important. I don't mean to put you down--quite the opposite, I think this shows that you are interested in shouldering adult levels of responsibility. However, this girl is a toxic person who has you dancing like a chained bear every time she hits the tambourine. This relationship is hurtful and you need to get out and find a woman who wants to love and take care of you as much as you do her.
