coke, 30 paces away
I only worked there for two weeks, during which he talked to me twice before, once on the very first day, and once in the middle asking when I was taking my breaks (I staggered with the other guy)
First day: "Hello you will be working here", shows me sub boss, who was apologetic when he escorted me out but didn't do shit. Other day: "When are you taking your breaks? How many breaks are you taking?" (i'll admit I took 3 breaks instead of the mandated two on another day(5 mins long), but again we were far ahead of quota and the guy I worked with was fine with it) He said when he fired me "Don't give me this horseshit", "I don't care", "Escort him off the premises", and "I don't want to see him here" I wasn't doing anything badly, on Tuesday I set a company record for fabricating a certain part, exceeding quota by 150 parts. He didn't give me any feedback besides the vague "well done" and threatening to fire me.
Well fuck. I did tell CECA what the ex-boss said to me, so I hope they'll take at least some action in expunging the record.
Oh, well. I was upset when I got fired, then angry as all hell when I was driving home. Now I just don't give a shit anymore.
Yeah I sent them an email soon after I was fired, and left a voicemail. I'll try calling again monday. I'm actually reasonably sure the guy who fired me(he's low level, but the most senior around on Friday evenings) even remembered that I was a coop, not a temp, and he just fired me for whatever reason. Thanks
It's okay, like I said in another thread I was upset when I got fired, then angry as all hell when I was driving home. Now I just don't give a shit anymore.
I don't get paid enough for coke
I sent an email to HR lady who hired me, she's nice, but she wasn't at work. At this point I just don't want whatever shit that supervisor writes in my review to be on my jobmine record.
Way to twist the knife fam
To all the people asking me to out the company: thank you, but there are a number of other coops still working there and I don't want to rock their boat as well. I spoke casually to a lawyer acquaintance of mine and he estimated fees that makes me disinclined to actually pursue legal action...
kek/kek I see them in the McD drivethrough sometimes. I'm not grudging them their meal break, but jfc your orders always take forever to make
Hello, I will give an update on what has happened. So after a lot of three-way back-and-forth between the Company, me, and CECA their HR called me in for a meeting to 'get the facts'. So I went in for the meeting with a fully concilatory and apologetic tone, shook the guy's hand, apologized for questioning him as a superior and as a elder, and generally fell on my sword, because you know, co-op. That was on Thursday. Today I get a call from HR stating that "we stand by our supervisor's decision" etc etc and basically yes you're fired. Presumably no action was taken against the old-timer. I haven't heard back from CECA yet- for those curious the company is Bend All Automotive.
I deferred for multiple years. You need to write a letter explaining the reason for your deferment, and they will take it up with the admissions committee and give you an answer. They expect you to accept the offer first, though. Deferments of less than 2 years are fine, more are tricky, but I got mine approved.
Nice Orwell meme m8
I love big goose
tru
yes Buy it
Oopsi
Is 1v1 RCH 1st floor 4:20pm multimeters only kill?
there there *pats*
Meme
They're takin muh jerbsssss
Kinkaku
Statistically we're Paul Walker
Take an uber
It's all relative One hair on your head is relatively less One hair in your soup is relatively more Kinkaku is relatively near
but it's relatively close in comparison with toronto it's all relative
ye so i'll go to sushi kaji
pay you $2.50
Is this Paul ward
DJ Khaled
idgi
Fuck its cold
I bend my knee to no king They may take our lives but they'll never take our freedommmmmmmm
Murica
I didn't live in UW residences, but I did live in dorms Yes, alarms disturb you, especially if it's a clock-type and loud as hell, or a really annoying song on repeat. I tossed the former across the room and it never disturbed us again Also jesus christ be tidy
bolicy 71
I want to spend my dogecoin instead
No, I have All seasons and I've managed thus far Been snowed in like once
than q
than q
Fucking NSA, don't mine my data
Me too famiglia
WEWLAD
Kickoff is bad
dont fail pd
Rude
"[Question] Can I store condoms in a tight space? " Why is this a question?
oki
What's the problem here?
trigger
Your questions get answered anyway, so why do you have a problem?
How about you go make your own serious Waterloo sub like I told the last guy to whine about 'shitposting'?
U want some fite?
Plenty of Asians here smoke
ECON 101/102 isn't birdy- it's straightforward, yes, but you have to devote some time to reading the text and doing the study guide questions of you want a 90+
Ye I don't want some randos on Reddit deciding that legitimate content is shitposting and trying to suppress it- that's awfully Nazi
U fucked up the emoticon m8
Waterloojerk is all pics and lazy trolling-what R/uWaterloo is now was never part of r/waterloojerk's bailiwick. I posit that the current posting trend is what I Waterloo's culture really is, and there should be no stifling of it
They fucking stole Sedra Smith u/removebaklava
What you define as 'shitposting' is a healthy expression of this University's culture, I'm afraid. How about not suppressing said culture and killing this sub? R/uwaterloo was dead bar the occasional asinine admissions question
"there doesn't seem to be anything here" How odd. In any case, you already know the answer to your question-its a meme in itself: "Ask your academic advisor"
When nature calls, I'm not driving home
There are maybe five or so of what you define 'shitposters'-not enough to upset the downvote system
It was ded
I didnt
Sedra Smith is quality meme
They fade away, just like the old goose posts or train circlejerk, and do this sub no damage
Toot toot
Talk to people in class, go to parties, play games, etc etc
I'm sorry, do you have an actual argument? I've pointed out that the limited bailiwick of uwaterloojerk isn't representative of this University's culture, which includes what you define as 'shitposting' a culture far better to the dead sub before it broke out. Also you used greentext wrong
HoC Season 4 hype hype hype
what the fuckkkk
# #AMERICAWORKS
Don't do parking lot donuts
Donuts and burnouts cause damage to your car and tires, which are expensive to rectify and illegal to leave alone Donuts and burnouts also pose a danger to you and those around you during your eventual loss of control Donuts and burnouts are illegal under [Canadian law] (https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Canadian_Criminal_Law/Offences/Dangerous_Operation_of_a_Motor_Vehicle) and you should obey the law or face the consequences Donuts and burnouts don't teach you how to handle your vehicle in a loss of control situation-proper courses in closed tracks with instructors do Donuts and burnouts make you look like some sort of manchild that watched the FF series and took the wrong lessons away from it-it's about familia, like Dom said Paul Walker is dead
kek that's still illegal tho Basically don't do burnouts and donuts
It was dead. There were no 'good' discussions or expression's of this University's culture, just the occasional admissions question that could have been solved by google. University culture is relevant to the University and shall be discussed here
DJ Khaled
Depends how 'nice'-Raffi in Conestoga, but they're a scam. Either go to the States or order them online
o thank u
[This is how you actually learn how to drive in snow](http://www.carcontrolschool.com/winter-driving-school/)
Ok, I misspoke, I /think/ they're scam, but that's because I'm fob and all independent jewellers and watch stores are scam
I'd like to come, but I have classes :v RADM Hopper is a top person too
Trying to 'learn' with no guidance outside an approved, safe, legal course and location with personal and public safety in mind is going to achieve nothing, as experimentation isn't going to reach the same level of confidence as going through a professionally-managed course, a course designed to teach you how to handle dangerous situations in winter-a course that's far superior to anything you could 'learn' while 'practicing' Not to mention how irresponsible it is to endanger public property and public lives with your gallivanting, let alone how it's blatantly illegal to do so No, people like OP who go around endangering others and breaking the law for keks while hiding behind the lie of 'I'm just practicing' are not free of blame in the least. I suggest you stop defending criminality
Are u licensed tho If not Bee doo bee doo this is the police
Reasonably many
It's very brutalist and depressing architecture-wise
International student tuition numbers are available in the UW engineering website, there's also a budget tool that allows you to calculate average monthly expenses outside of school-I'm not a baller, but. I live an OK lifestyle with around $1000 a month, but that includes gas and parking and shit for my car and other disposables like food and entertainment, not fixed expenses necessarily
I was referring to their prices being scam kek
M80 u kno frosh sucked 12AM Popeye &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; frosh week
M8
Work in loo and see your friends every day
OHHHHHH SNAP
"His first stop will be at 8:30 a.m. at the University of Waterloo, where he will make an announcement at Needles Hall." I wonder what it could be
When is futsal
What makes you think we left? I had stuff to do fam
Those memes are shit I was doing jobmine stuff
Eat Sleep Rave Repeat
