Or if the leftist party inherits a maxed out credit card and a province teetering on bankruptcy and they control spending far better than the right wing party did they're still bad guys.
We already grind up the bones to make angel food cake and use the hair in pasta, might as well use the rest.
Calvert was a lightweight compared to the cuts Romanow had to make post Devine. Like a scalpel vs a hatchet. And then the Sask Party goes on TV and says they wouldn't cut spending as much as the NDP did, the crazy reversal of economic ideologies apparently oblivious to them and voters.
And conveniently delayed until after the election. Funny how that works.
If we don't accept the bad things and enter this treaty then other bad things will happen. You don't want bad things to happen do you? Not those bad things, the other ones. They're bad.
......then sell the lights below market value to balance the budget!
It's a really bizarre statement to say we're the evil ones and then point to China and India, countries that treat their citizens like animals, as nations we need to sacrifice our self made prosperity to.
So in order for them to compete with us, to make businesses and create opportunities, we need to lower ourselves? They are unable to advance so long as we are ahead?
I always get all of them except for white. Whatever isn't needed now may be needed down the road.
Next they'll say we should have a rainy day fund to cover drops in resource prices. Madness!
Yup. Based on our history that basically translates to: "We're way over budget and need some quick fire sales for a cash infusion so we can maintain power, regardless if in the long term we lose money."
I always feel a special, deep type of disappointment when rejection of modern knowledge leads to a tragedy like this.
Now back to fighting those Decepticons.
.....the fuck?
Nah, just don't enjoy seeing golden age hero's turned into psychopaths because Snyder hates and wants to tear down heroes.
Ahah! But! Mm hmm! We just don't understand it. \*inserts Jolly Rancher creepily\*
I guess he had a dream of a speedster coming back in time to tell him ? No, no that can't be it. That's dumb.
So what you're saying is that when it comes to speed, there's a need for it? A need for speed, if you will? Fascinating.
I most certainly did not want to join this club, but the game decided for me.
No. No, not again. Do you know how long it took Garnet's RM2 to drop!?
Rural populations moving to urban populations made sense because technology changes shifted economies to the urban areas. Urban areas are still the economic centers, moving back to those rural areas for reasonable housing is counter productive.
As someone from Saskatchewan you have no idea how good it is to see Trost in there.
I...I can see the promised land! Where everyone has a wall and mithril flows like water.
Both.
No. In one sentence he was a stooge for the family business, in the other he was incompetent at promoting any business where he couldn't get 100% approval behind him. Those options were being blocked by people Harper tried to lock out of the conversation. Obama pulled it off on his side because he didn't treat the opposition literally like they were terrorists. Keystone failed because of Harper, because he was unable to deal with anyone who wasn't a sycophant.
And it had nothing to do with him. It was all in place prior, or measures forced on him by the opposition, or caused by global forces. Just as the downturn during his last year had nothing to do with him.
As usual the issue isn't how much you have, it's how you get it. When you get rich in a communist nation rife with human rights abuse and massive amounts of corruption you don't usually get there by being nice.
It was just that bottle of ketchup he keeps on the dash. Totally fine guys.
Is it "infinitely worse" yet? But seriously this is a good move.
Acting like a dick about it tends to attract downvotes too.
What really happens is that a lot of younger people ask "what's a VHS tape?" and you feel old.
Look out everyone, Big Gov is after you! Why next they'll take away your right to stow your children on the roof rack of your vehicle for road trips. They get so much sunshine and fresh air up there!
That he still doesn't understand what he did wrong after all this indicates that in his skull there's an IOU note.
You sir win one internet point.
Good recap but I doubt it will quell the fury.
Is it in a wooded area maybe next to a lake with a great view? Because you are describing my dream.
And some people are wired to prefer being alone most of the time (alone ≠ lonely). Just don't confuse intentional and unintentional solitude. Some of you are so noisy...
We should form a club! Except none of us will ever show up, because eww people.
You are misreading their complaints. They are setting up mining in remote areas with little in the way infrastructure or people to work it, claiming they were unaware of that (seriously?). It takes years to deal with that, to build the logistics networks and scrounge up the people. Instead they want to bring over their own slave labor force and push out Canadians. That isn't overbearing regulation, that's their lack of planning and due diligence butting up against our common sense.
And in this province they'll still be praised for it, pretty much no matter what they do. Pass the law: Yay conservatives, way to control that budget! Break the law: Yay conservatives, way to not increase my taxes!
Because elections and gullible voters.
For the reasons they gave for passing the law in the first place.
And for anyone concerned about them bringing back a law that they broke themselves, all Wall has to do is go on twitter and hint it was the NDP's fault somehow. Bam, majority win. Would probably even gain seats.
They increased spending 30% in the first few years of power alone. They depleted the rainy day fund and, despite promises to do so, have failed to replenish it or create a heritage fund to replace it so we can invest and gain more from the good times. Their pledge to pay down debt is in limbo, the majority of what they did pay off in early years coming from the rainy day fund their predecessors set up. They are addicted to spending to win elections and have been covered by record resource prices until now (and the potash crash awhile back). You can still overspend in a surplus, you simply deny yourself the ability to weather fluctuations in the economy by building a buffer. They've had more revenue to play with than any govt in the history of the province, their performance should be better. I mean seriously, how do you outspend the NDP?
* 400 Daytime Min, unlimited weekends and evenings. * 1 GB Data. * Unlimited SMS/MMS. * Call display and VM. * $60/m (plus tax). * On Sasktel.
Ouch. Good point.
Good to hear. Now to await the comments about "Canadians standing in the way of business".
No probably a world along the lines of science fiction. Going into space is hugely complicated, entire orders of magnitude moreso than any activity done on earth.
Yeah, no, sorry. Waiving money out of the picture doesn't change the laws of physics, make space breathable, get rid of stellar radiation, deal with the intense amount of energy needed to launch and land, extremely long transit times, and any of the other fatal dangers involved that don't exist on earth. You haven't even said what's going to be mined yet. The moon? The asteroid belt? Mars? Even if the technology existed to make it possible, which neither you nor anyone on the planet has demonstrated, it doesn't change the fact we can get the same resources on earth with a fraction of the effort and risk.
Which technologies? Specifics.
He isn't your guy, friend.
Budget issues? What budget issues? Don't pay attention to that, here go look at these Hollywood types saying things we don't like. Just don't pay attention to our budget. Oh and the NDP is bad too. They have zero power in the province currently but please look at them instead. Nope no budget issues here.
This is certainly true, if you are a conservative it's ok to run deficits (for half of his entire tenure at this point) because someone else is worse. That he spends more than the NDP here ever did is immaterial.
Do you not keep any money in your bank account if you have a mortgage? You know, for emergencies? Like if the tires blow on your car? No, you keep it empty? The majority of the debt paydown came from the money the NDP saved up.
No more than I could explain your spending habits if you went over budget. Doesn't change the numbers though.
Bluestacks2 is an abomination. Tried a few others myself but they were either slow or blurry for whatever reason. Bluestacks1 works fine here and snaps to the right side of the screen perfectly for FFRK with no wasted space, allowing me to multitask with the left side of the screen. I'll be ignoring that stupid upgrade message for as long as possible.
My Edgar has been level maxxed and on the bench for a long time, nice to finally break him and his bioblaster out of the box.
"I give you the Canadian Monorail! I've sold monorails to Brockway, Ogdenville, and North Haverbrook, and by gum I've put them on the map!"
Yes that is what I was referring to, thank you.
Same here. However beautiful the country is it doesn't change they currently have a govt all too eager to throw people with a hint of "western" into dark cells.
As long as it's in the opinion section, as this article was, yes.
Time to take that "evidence" to Tim's!
Nothing has changed, only your perception of what people wanted has. Dignity and the right to be relieved of incurable, unmanageable suffering have always been the focus.
It's like children stomping their feet and refusing to accept they aren't getting their way. Explains the spelling of kudatah too. "But Mom, I want to be in charge!" "Now honey, you know you lost the election. You'll just have to wait until it's your turn." "No! I wanna be in charge! I wanna, I wanna, I wanna!"
And? This group has ties to Al Qaeda. Some believe they are merely using the ISIS name for propaganda purposes without real ties to them. The article is not wrong. You are free now to edit your post to remove the manufactured outrage.
Except there was no omission of facts, so the criticism is unwarranted.
Right in the title "Calgary man is 2nd Canadian killed in 2 months by al-Qaeda-linked group amid ransom demands" 2nd paragraph "Al-Qaeda-linked Abu Sayyaf had warned it would kill Robert Hall today if it didn't receive a ransom of some $8 million. " Please revise your inaccurate post.
I presume armed with surface to air beavers?
Well let's just take your credit card info, try to reserve some tickets and.....[they're gone!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-DT7bX-B1Mg)
Garnets RM2, from when it first became available to one of the end fights from the last 9 event.
100 gem: 3* Air Knife (VI). The very same knife that is being given away for free during the event. That's mean man. That's just mean.
Trash for me I'm afraid, but I like your attitude.
Correct! M.O.O.S.E: Mounted Overhead Offensive Saboteur Eliminator. Nothing but the best for Canada!
They saw Jesus in some toast and aren't sure if it counts or not.
Be prepared to learn a new definition of what a cold winter is. Nice summers though.
The power of the country to protect you almost completely ends at our borders. Paying the ransom makes Canadians more valuable to kidnap. It sucks, it really sucks, especially so if you or someone you know is kidnapped. But you can't just magically send troops in to save the day without consequences. Real life isn't CoD. When trying to protect society as a whole unfortunately you sometimes have to make the cold calculation that protecting the whole is more important than the individual.
The world is statistically a [safer place now](http://www.pri.org/stories/2014-10-23/world-actually-safer-ever-and-heres-data-prove) than at any point in human history. We are constantly bombarded by a modern 24hr news cycle that discovered bad news equals ratings. Humanity is moving forward far more than it is stepping back.
I've heard the phrase "fire solves all" but I didn't realize it applied to scientific discussions. Lesson learned.
Witch spotted.
This is a good thing the NDP is doing, and unfortunately will receive little to no recognition in the province.
My map of the globe is a flat rectangle too. Theory confirmed!
Conducted by the Rand Corporation, in conjunction with the saucer people, under the supervision of the reverse vampires.
It's extremely rare for a govt to lose power during good economic times. And SK already has a history of not "rocking the boat" until things get out of hand. Quite frankly the modern SK NDP are a complete mess and Wall is probably the best politician in the country, there is no legitimate threat to him here. He captures the middle pretty much perfectly, outside the occasional gaffe like the film tax credit thing or the court rejected union busting bill. The NDP need to get their act together, for the first time Wall's teflon is starting to chip with the economy weakening.
People never had the right to do whatever the fuck they wanted with the houses they own.
Simpsons reference
The cold truth is it isn't wise to leave the decisions to those emotionally involved, for the same reason we do not leave the choice of punishment of a criminal to the victim in our legal system
Ideology with no meaningful difference in actions is meaningless fluff. No successful business risks millions/billions in investment and expansion based on how much they like the current figurehead. That's crazy. As evidence by the upswing which started two years before Wall took power.
None of which would have been possible if the books weren't in order when they took power (NDP) or if the record high upswing in resource prices allowed for increased spending and reduction of taxes. None of it. And it also started before he took power.
Honed it to R4 a long time ago. Useful back then, now I rarely use it. Actually been contemplating dismantling it.
Just transfer those calls to Lenny, [he'll take care of it.](https://www.reddit.com/r/itslenny)
Someones never done business with a Ferengi.
One would certainly hope, after all: Rule of acquisition #102 - Nature decays, but latinum lasts forever.
Out of dirt we dug out of the ground with our bare hands! Uphill! Both ways! In winter! There were wolves!
Science fiction about hope for a unified and prosperous future of humanity cares little for your borders drawn on a map.
What defines it as American?
4 (1) In carrying out its objects, the Mint has the rights, powers and privileges and the capacity of a natural person and may in particular (c) generally do all things that are incidental or conducive to the exercise of its powers with respect to (i) coins of the currency of Canada, (ii) coins of the currency of countries other than Canada, (iii) gold, silver and other metals, and (iv) medals, plaques, tokens and other objects made or partially made of metal. It doesn't matter what you think, they are exercising powers duly granted to them by law.
Their grandparents got a career out of high school and trained on the job. Clearly those young people simply aren't looking for jobs.
No sane Canadian believes the Queen decides what all the products our mint produces look like, therefore you are trolling. Well done for stringing people along.
Had no choice but to take that latter option. On top of being in a market where every raise you get is equaled by a jump in cost of living. Great times.
The Earth isn't technically round either, and [evidence can be provided](http://www.scientificamerican.com/article/earth-is-not-round/) as would be expected when someone makes a claim.
