I think we should add a response against the claims that "if people can be transgender, why can't they be transracial?"
&gt; They wouldnt have been attacked if they stayed in a muslim country, and theyd be far happier, the men would just have to work and would rather survive on benefits. Are you kidding me? They'd be **happier** back home? I'd much rather take pepper spray to the face than live in a warzone, especially one where hundreds of thousands have died such as Syria. You can't work there. The entire country is in shambles. It must be nice to be able to pass judgment and say "pull yourself up from the bootstraps" when you live in your safe neighborhood in your developed country.
I feel as though reddit has become increasingly less tolerant as time goes on. Why is this?
What's your point? I pay $0.25 to get into the Met and Museum of Natural History.
Have a good day, baby cakes.
Do you think the conditions would be better without trade? It is unfortunate that the world works this way, but labor conditions improve slowly overtime, and the only way for them to improve in these countries is by developing the economies better.
Your username reveals your bias. I fear engaging you in this discussion would be pointless, since we both have our minds made up, quite clearly.
Do you have a more economical suggestion? Often times state intervention only makes things worse. And please explain it in your own words instead of linking me to a book.
How so?
Thank you for the clarification. In my experience though, many socialists seem to be under the impression that free trade harms low skilled laborers in underdeveloped countries, which I have to repeatedly show them is not true. It's frustrating.
&gt; because that would require there to be a privately held industry to intervene in Who is going to get rid of privately held industry in the first place?
Lenin's NEP failed. And I will prove quantitatively that you're wrong about demand rising for high income workers in underdeveloped countries when I can be bothered to draw graphs tomorrow.
Not all Muslims value religious homogeneity above all else.
I personally don't care. I'm more concerned about the safety of this subreddit. Don't want it shut down due to brigading accusations.
I do not understand why it is so difficult to understand this vocabulary. Do you use the word "straight" to describe a heterosexual person? Okay, then use the word "cis" to describe somebody whose gender and sex align.
No, I am pretty confident I meant cis when I said it. Normality is not a synonym for majority; it describes how the typical world functions. Since a certain percentage of our population is always going to be transgender, it is just as normal as when somebody is not transgender. Therefore normal is not a word that can only be used to describe cisgendered people, which is why the term "cisgendered" exists.
You are misunderstanding my point. It is normal for 0.3% of the population to be transgender, therefore rendering transgenderism a normal phenomenon.
The organization responsible *for defining what is and is not a psychiatric disorder*, the American Psychiatric Association, has this to say about the matter (via the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders Version 5 (DSM-5 in short, I'll only use the abbreviated form from here on out): &gt; "DSM-5 aims to avoid stigma and ensure clinical care for individuals who see and feel themselves to be a different gender than their assigned gender. It replaces the diagnostic name "Gender Identity Disorder" with "Gender Dysphoria", as well as makes other important clarifications in the criteria. It is important to note that gender non-conformity is not in itself a mental disorder. The critical element of gender dysphoria is the presence of clinically significant distress associated with the condition." In short, the people who *literally wrote the definition* of mentally disordered, 100% reject the notion that being transgender means being mentally disordered.
And you seem to be incapable of using proper, unhateful terms.
It means I don't respect it.
I don't respect arguments built out of hate, therefore I won't humor you further with a debate. Good day.
Why do people enjoy this cartoon? The acting and writing seem just as corny as the Prequels, and the plot seems to be: 1. Lacking a Star Wars feel 2. Dumbed down for children Does nobody else here hate the cartoon? Why is it canon but actual great storytelling like KOTOR is not?
I never stated the violence was dumbed down. The plot and dialogue are most definitely rushed and simplistic though.
I stopped watching that video after 20 seconds. The dialogue was unbearable. Also, the opening shot looks like nothing that'd be in Star Wars.
I actually enjoyed the Prequels a lot more than most people on this subreddit.
Urban living is far more practical and environmentally friendly though.
There is a clear difference between rape fetishes and BDSM.
&gt; whites are almost TWICE as likely to be killed by police officers. Yea, in a country where white people outnumber black people six to one.
[This](https://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/4mnqck/jk_rowling_has_described_people_who_criticised/d3x0vjr?context=1) comment is the worst to me. The implications are just terrible...
That logic rests on the assumption that anyone who gets shot by the police has committed a crime. This is false. Also, if you look at the data for UNARMED individuals killed by the police in 2015, black people were killed at a rate 5 times higher than white people. There's more to this than just crime. Take a gander: http://mappingpoliceviolence.org/unarmed/
Seriously, McAfee doing much more for the LP than Johnson.
WHAT THE FU
He clearly chose his nationality to be listed over his occupation as a joke.
They're probably Red Pillers
So is Chad the Donald Trump equivalent of this season?
But how does he feel about Mexicans?
Chad should be the next Bachelor.
How is this show not going to ruin his reputation in his career?
You sound like a newbie to TV.
THIS IS FOR AMERICA
Why is this called a burqini when it's a hijab, not a burqa?
Most of my higher-level econ professors were classical liberals or libertarians, so I'm not sure what you're trying to argue. And this was at one of the most liberal universities in the USA.
I get the pun, but it still makes zero sense.
Which is only Europe...
Maybe respect the mod's opinions to have the conversation deleted instead of bringing it up again...
You're reintroducing the discussion.
Booooooo
He got eliminated last week, so I don't think he got away with anything.
A Donald Trump supporter, nonetheless.
Jordan's basically won this anyways.
WHY MUST WE ALWAYS TALK ABOUT EXES?
Props to Well for being honest. Fuck all these fakers who made it this far.
I always wonder how much the producers and editors have an effect on who comes across as quiet. Why else would Wells have made it this far unless he had at least spoken to JoJo for a decent amount of time?
Alex has such a short guy complex. He always needs to hug first.
James &lt;3
Spoiler: he's not gonna make it
Dueling Banjos?
BRING BACK ALI
Yes.
I miss how he was an actual human.
Luke is something out of a romance novel
I don't understand the point of a two-on-one date. If these guys are that expendable, why bother keeping them at all? She's clearly not going to have a two-on-one date with guys she genuinely wants to stay...
.
I guess cause his success has been so cliche and predictable.
He's being fed lines.
How much are you eating?!
Let's bring him back.
You from the Midwest, pop drinker?
Yes.
The music lets me know what to feel.
Hahaha, I live on the border of the soda/pop divide anyways, so it's cool.
NO FUCK THIS WHY IS HE STAYING
Never heard of that, hahaha
THIS IS SO FUCKING STUPID
You and I are the same person.
He just hasn't gotten much screen or personal time recently. I'm just going off of producer cues.
FUCK FUCK FUCK NOOOOOOOO FUCK
Get rid of Alex
I am okay with this.
6*
Got some confirmation on those statistics? Any sources to back it up?
&gt; Well, they are if you don't pass a bunch of stupid laws that make everything illegal. Good one.
Which is based on gender. What you're thinking of are fetishes. It's insulting to the LGB community to put the desire to have sex with children on par with their preference in partners.
I was simply stating my take on the matter. Reddit is oddly accommodating to pedophilia, and many users seem to normalize it by prescribing it the label of "sexuality."
You don't owe your country anything.
Calling pedophilia a sexuality is normalizing it in my humble opinion.
My concern for individuals is not defined by their nationality.
&gt; Leave if you don't like it. It's not so easy to be without any citizenship. Sometimes that leads to arrest.
The cynic in me thinks that if they were to expand countrywide, they would lose their good quality and start looking like another McDonalds.
You sound miserable, to be honest.
I'm glad you know me better than me. Here I was thinking I was innocently enjoying a cute picture. The horror!
Yes, I would definitely recommend people try their best to think critically and learn how to empathize with others who think differently than them. We live in a nuanced world, my friend. Peace out!
8AM Monday through Friday for two semesters in college. I loved it. I was done with class no later than 12:15pm on my busiest days.
I'm surprised it took her this long to leave, considering the whole Roger Ailes fiasco.
The greatest SW critic of all time, who upsets fanboys everywhere as you can tell from this subreddit.
No thanks. This is a democracy. Let's allow people to elect whomever they want.
Yes.
That's clearly not what I was arguing.
But if people keep reelecting the person, why prevent that? While difficult, it's not impossible to unseat an incumbent if the constituents are upset enough with them.
Because representation in Congress is structured so that people are represented geographically. It therefore makes sense to elect people that live within your state over outsiders within the purpose of Congress. Age limits do nothing to further that purpose. If anything, they limit the constituents' choice for who can represent their district/state. This seems like a poor slippery slope argument. But to be honest, if the majority of people from Nevada elected a person from Massachusetts to be their Senator, I wouldn't care.
