In Spain and Portugal all the children stay up late and eat dinner very late with the whole family.
This is quite normal in Japan.
I'm a woman, and I hate shopping. My husband has three times more clothes and shoes than me.
not intentionally
That's not hypocrisy. The fact that something is appropriate/necessary in one situation but not other doesn't make it hypocritcal.
You know what is worse than licorice? SALTED licorice. You can buy it in Finland. Jesus :-O
Bloody Tepco
I have this the other way round: for example, I dream of being bitten by a tiger, or having a surgery, and I am (in the dream) in the great pain. When I wake up, I feel fine. I thought that maybe there was something - a stomach ache, let's say - that would trigger that kind of dream, but no, nothing. Sometimes I can feel the pain/bite for a while after I have woken up, and then it disperses. So, I think it can work both ways: sometimes the body sensation can produce a dream, and sometimes a dream can produce a body sensation (BTW, I also often have sexual dreams, in which I am very, very aroused. But when I wake up, I am not aroused at all, the feeling was just in a dream).
Evil Boy is my favourite &lt;3
I lived in Poland during the Cold War, and I was not aware of it happening. I was a child, and then a teenager, interested in Guns n'Roses and some boys from my school, and completely oblivious to any political stuff going on around me (and I rememember the Marshall Law &amp; soldiers etc.). Only when I was in my twenties I realised I lived through the communism and social transformation: when it was happenning, I simply didn't notice.
Yes, Triumphant George says this to all newcomers, jumping dimensions is a functional metaphor.
speak for yourself :-P
My family live in three countries - how can we possibly avoid flying? You cannot travel on a train over the ocean to see your parents ... But I agree that ferries and train journeys can be fun, although can take too much time.
But where? In the middle of the city?
I've been to Kaikoura! Haven't seen any whales though :-(
Wasn't it a turn to agriculture that screwed the planet and our health in the first place? I am seriously asking, and I am veggie (vegetarian, NOT a vegetable)
Me too! But I was diagnosed with Ehlers-Danlos.
you see Matrix!
http://thoughtbrick.com/meditation/tummo-meditation-depth-guide/
Ehlers-Danlos ...
Me to! :-) I also have EDS :-) unfortunately I do have some other problems associated with it.
wow
how?
:-)
I've seen that film
Get interested in me! I would like to go to the West Coast!
I have the same thing with eyes and colours/tones. Thought everyone had this.
Spiritual leader for sure :-D
that reminds me - when I meditate I stop breathing for long periods of time; no idea how, or why
http://www.reddit.com/r/Glitch_in_the_Matrix/
http://www.reddit.com/r/Glitch_in_the_Matrix/
enjoy the sub, lots of interesting stories there :-)
Good luck on your journey.
Take care :-)
Weird indeed.
Don't lose your hope either, all the best to you! &lt;3
Agent Smith, in particular.
In many cultures you can actually legally marry your first cousins, I wouldn't count it as an incest really.
Maybe it didn't grow suddenly, maybe its whole life span just flashed before their eyes.
oh, what a cutie :-)
I din't have celiac disease, but I have very delicate stomach (due to genetic disease of the connective tissue) that just doesn't properly digest anything too heavy. I can't eat gluten, and lots of other stuff as well, and have to be always very careful of what I actually eat. Gluten, unfortunately, is quite heavy, and - compared to rice, let's say - seems to sit in my stomach forever. Since I've stopped eating it, my health vastly improved, so I will stick to this diet, no matter what other people think.
Except in the UK - sugar is everywhere. You can buy the same youghurt, the same brand, in the UK and - let's say - Findland, and the sugar content is dramatically different.
I've been vegan for 12 years - first 10 years fantastic, and then I started having serious problems. No I eat fish and eggs, which improved my health/.
I don't digest gluten (and many other foods) properly due to genetic connective tissue disorder. I don't have celiac disease, but on the gf diet I feel much better, and don't have to take medicines.
Finland, the country :-D you can but the same brand of youghurts as in the UK but less sugary. The same with juice etc. I was very surprised by that; the same brand, the same box, just different taste.
:-( I'm so sorry
On Reddit dreams come true
North Korea opening.
You know, these things are not exclusive. Being an introvert just means you need to recharge in private (in opposition to people who charge from the contact with other people)
I agree, I cannot do it either, although I am very sociable. There was a good comic online that was explaining this, but I cannot find it. The idea was, however, that the difference between an introvert and extravert was not the way they spend their time, but the way they re-charge their energy. So, the extravert will be someone who gets energised by the contact with others, and when he's alone, he's getting weak. Introvert, on the other hand, recharges while alone, and then looses energy while interacting with others. That makes sense to me.
oh dear
I liked him until I saw Noah. This film was such absolute and total crap, that I started hating Crowe with passion. Nothing personal, but Noah was a pile of shite.
Martin Freeman.
500 Days Of Summer had no plot, it was all about how kooky and cute Zooey was. It was just too much.
there was even a word invented to describe how cute she was 'ADORKABLE'
I disctinctly remember one famous Polish comic author dying a year ago - there was an article about this, and I discussed it with my brother, and he even bought a series of his comics for his daughter (well, really for himself, for the old times sake and all). Yesterday I see an up-date on the showbiz site, and he is celebrating his 92 birthday. What? Also, Keanu Reeves has a different life story. So, there we go.
What a lovely post. Good luck to you and your wife :-)
It must be very difficult for you.
Do you what what is the same of those migraines? My mother just had an identical incident - they thought it was a stroke, but it turned out to be a migraine.
Maybe you are maturing, and Reddit stays the same
You can tell yourself you were embracing Japanese cuisine. Many people eat rice for breakfast, there is nothing wrong about that :-) I'm not American, so I don't understand the whole milk and cereal concept, but a bowl of rice or rice pasta is a great breakfast.
Well, did you eat the fries?
When I was a child, most foods were rationed (communist Poland), so we didn't have much, and meat was certainly rarity. Shops were empty, so even when you had money, you couldn't buy anything. We were never hungry, and I think it was actually nice that all food was home made (I had my first Snickers bar when I was 14), so it was probably healthier, although you had to hunt for hours to find a shop in which they had stuff. But everyone was in the same situation, so we didn't feel deprived, as there was noone we could compare ourselves too. But I remember when I went to the Germany and saw the supermarket I started to cry.
I agree with you.
That's pretty healthy.
I've read a book about North Korean defectors, and one said that she has a recurring dream of her whole family sitting at the table together and eating white rice. It was her biggest, unattainable dream, and the sign of great luxury and wealth.
I grew up seeing empty shelves (communist Poland), so every trip to a supermarket is a happy occassion. I've never been hungry, and I don't eat much, but I just LOVE to look at all this food bunched up together. I love supermarket trips &lt;3
Walking 3 miles to work is a normal distance, but I agree that 6 miles is a bit too much, it would take too much time to walk.
Will you have any pension? What about moving to a cheaper country then, let's say Thailand or something?
The good spirit in which it was received is highly encouraging :-D
Nah http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Croque-monsieur
I'm sure they didn't have bad intentions, but very patronizing nonetheless.
This is true. I grew up in a relatively poor country (Poland in the 1970s), but we always had an access to a free health service. So it is shocking how people in America (who sometimes act patronizing towards me as they are from a richer country) cannot afford getting basic treatments for their kids. I am shocked reading all this.
Reddit Christmas Initiative, it had to be panties :-D
I know this kind of humiliation. We used to receive packages and donations from Germany, and I had to be all grateful. Don't get me wrong, it was great, and the people who wanted to help us poor Poles were kind, but it WAS humiliating. My parents were educated people with Phds, they were working, and still we had to accept help from the country that screwed us during the war and was the reason for our country's poverty. I knew all the war stories from my grandparents, and I had this huge dissonance accepting old clothes and food from the Germans. Still, we had too. Now I am a grown up woman living in the UK, but this feeling of inferiority is still somewhere there.
(As I say, those who helped as were really kind, and it was all not their fault - I understand this now and I am grateful. But it was sort of awful)
They used to give chocolate for blood donation.
I was staring in the mirror recently, and somehow I suddenly looked (or that's how I saw it anyway) like an old Aboriginal man, with grey mud painted all over. I am thin, pale red-haired woman. It could be just an illusion of light and shadow, so I am not reading too much into it. I was trying to jump, I have to admit, although I do think mirror is not necessary and we jump all the time anyway. But this sub is so interesting, I thought I would sort of try it this way.
Wellington, NZ. Awesome place.
Me too &lt;3 Love it.
Bucket fountain?
Meh. Sex with a cousin is not really incest.
maybe he's a subway?
I am relatively new to reddit and completely don't understand the gold thing. Is it the real money? How does it work?
I don't understand cake day either ...
If it's legal, and you were not brought up together, I see no harm.
Not really - I don't think the strenght of my conviction is a measure of anything here. I could be very sure of something and wrong.
I've read some people were poisoned in China after eating artificial rice, bulked up with plastic :-(
http://www.rawstory.com/2011/02/report-china-fake-rice-plastic/ but sometimes it's actual plastic
I know, it's evil :-(
A while ago there was a thread on Reddit about the creepiest glitch, and quite a few people mentioned experiencing something similar. Maybe you can trace these posts.
I agree. Someone may loose their life, or their loved one, because an idiot like OP finds it amusing to text and drive. It's illegal, and immoral, and I have zero respect for people like that.
I wonder if Australia could give me citizenship based on a fact I've always felt vaguely Australian? Never been there, but still :-D
Actually, I've read this is much healthier for the body.
Me too.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-cultural_psychiatry
BTW, I agree, I knew someone who was writing a PhD on depression in one of the African countries, and she had to totally re-define depression, and collect the locally specific list of symptoms, that were not present in the Western world.
It is similar in the UK. I've seen a toddler taking his clothes off in a park - the little boy was maybe 2 - and his mother running to catch him and shouting 'OMG you will be arrested'. This is not normal.
Also, SPARTAAAAA!
Pacific Islands mainly ..?
