Ethanol is the alcohol in alcoholic beverages, so yes. Don't drink E-85 though, the mixer tastes like gasoline...
Gives new meaning to "raising" an alert.
Getting my cock into the pit is really easy if you know what I mean. But then the flight Marshall tackled me to the ground and wrestled me back to my seat. As he threw me to my seat he said "Wat teh fuckbags is r0ng wIt u?!?!?". I then confidently turn my head to him and reply "Well why else would they call it a cockpit.". The 92 year old man next to me very slowly turns his head to me having the most stunned expression I've ever seen in a person in my entire life. As he looks at me a single tear runs down his face and he chokes the words "You made me believe again.". Immediately the plane flies into space to return to its home planet. P.S. We die on the way back because this woman managed to get her hands on a can of soda and blew up the plane. The End Stay tuned for for the next episode of Dragon Ball Z
You know.... Part of your dating problem might be your approach. You aren't supposed to literally hang your pole out until one grabs it.
Behind their back or to their face.
I drove a '69 VW camper all over SF. Through Chinatown, up and down Lombard, Fillmore, you name it. You get pretty good pretty quick. Helps that I learned stick by driving it home from where we bought it in Berkeley to Daly City in mid-afternoon traffic.
In GTA terms, this is normal.
Like roommates you sometimes snuggle with, but they never help with the bills.
Mmmmmm toffeeee.
Sort of.
I did say that no one tree is that old.
When you think only women and people of color can be victims of racism/sexism, you're sexist/racist.
&gt;When women and people of colour are telling you you're being racist and/or sexist...
Because they make generalizations on "the rest of Reddit."
I think YouTube should make it policy to never put ads before that vid. Just ruins the whole thing.
Nonono. You get 20 guys to come rip up their yard, then they'll stand around pointing at things and shielding their eyes from the sun for two weeks. Then they'll halt work for three months for an environmental review, then scrap the whole project due to cost overruns and someone will just build a Kohl's there instead.
-1 for creeping +12 for finding the best possible buried treasure. Heheheh
Or, possibly, it could show both groups that neither group is bad as a whole, and both can be victimized.
Duuuudde.... You saw that too? We're like, mind melded!
&gt;smush mitten Olympics I don't believe I've heard that term before. Is this some sort of lesbian initiation ritual?
....the horrible scars have cleared up, my life is 100% better!
Yup. Mmm-hmm. I'd get deathly in her hallows, or something.
Speed bag with shaker insert. Send me a T-shirt when you're rich.
New cars. All my cars are / have been less than the downpayment on a new car, and they were all awesome old VWs.
Sort of true, sort of not.
Rent. Bills. Cars. Tools. Professional electronics. Travel expenses. Investment purchases. Things that are necessities or actually worth $350.
I generally don't spend even close to that on single frivolous items. Sure, I've spent many times that on frivolous items over time, but at least in individual servings it was a lot closer to the reasonable value of the item. I'd also take the blame if my own laziness caused the loss of a valued item. Also, if you can't afford to lose a $350 pair of pants, you can't afford a $350 pair of pants.
A bit...?
A Ferrari is a lot different than a Toyota (Though also quite frivolous). A $350 pair of jeans is not 14 times better engineered than a decent $25 pair of jeans. Hell, damn things can't even handle the dryer. An original Picasso is a one-off work of art, the jeans just have a fancy tag on them. Trust me. I work with mechanical things. I know quality is worth paying for. It's a constant battle to find well manufactured parts. I also know that the more expensive option isn't always the better quality. In general, I don't believe in the while "image is everything" aspects of of our culture.
It's whoever "the other people" like at any given moment.
So....she should go to lady jail?
Wat?
Out extreme? No, nobody "out extremes" Fox News. They are the original cable "News" station created explicitly to promote an agenda. All the others are just riding their coat tails. It was more a joke than an actual belief. Just pointing out a classic case of "Whataboutism" that I see any time someone besmirches Fox. Just because "the other side" does it too, doesn't make either "side" right in doing so.
Thanks Freud. But seriously, I'm just cold and my arms are tired from working all day. I wouldn't mind some conversation. Conversely, if I'm sitting all splayed out, there's a good chance I'm just comfortable and would rather you leave me alone for now.
Given the choice between a black crackhead and you, I'd take the crackhead. At least he's got an excuse for being a shitbag.
Do they complain about/fear Mexicans? You didn't specify.
Relax. It's a joke.
Or captured into a degrading orbit until you hit the horizon or are ripped apart by the high energy particles forming the cloud around it.
I know how orbits work. Source: way too much Kerbal. In star wars fictional tech, hyperspace is an extradimensional mode of travel. It doesn't break the law of *c* because they are traveling through warped spacetime at less than relativistic velocities. Hence when they are pulled out of hyperspace by the gravity of a massive black hole, they are susceptible to capture if close enough. Think of it like you suddenly appeared next to a large celestial body traveling at less than escape velocity. You'd be captured and thrown into an orbit consistent with your given velocity.
Bear was only trying to show him a stoney time at the mountain!
This thread is full of people who can't accept/comprehend that there are multiple reasons for everything, and every situation is different. Society is complex.
Driving a truck on the AlCan in the sixties was dangerous and sometimes brutal work.
I'd buy it.
It'll probably get more dates though.
And then your wife will throw her titties in the officers hands.
It was a TIFU a couple days ago. Kid born in '98 got an iPod touch and thought him and his little buddy were cool "men." So their online handle in Runescape or something was "itouchmen98."
Why were you in such a rush to name them?
Beat me to the pun. I bet with your quick wit you'd be able to trick someone into painting a fence for you.
Pretty sure the Irish skew this. They all die from booze, but have eleventeen kids first.
No. Just no. He does a 90 into the flips and finishes the other 90 at the end to land it. Quad flip 180.
I hooked up with a girl years ago that I called "Coconuts". Her friends thought it was a silly nickname, but it was really because she could crack coconuts with her kegalklamps.
Pretty sure that was the joke that went over everyone's head.
You heard the mushmouth to? Sounds like she was trying to talk with a wad of Bubblicious between her molars on both sides.
He shoulda shot first.
You can also toss it in a pile and use it as filler if you ever start tig welding thin steel. Source: decent mig welder who just got a tig yesterday and was up all night watching YouTube tutorials.
I see a few good ones. But only because I ate all the acid and mushrooms and can now literally "see" reasons... When is Shpongle on?
So a series of guys named Murphy walking onstage playing the pipes then getting boots to the chest? I'm in.
Hi A. Vegan! I'm Dad!
Rammstein was definitely the highlight. Teenage me was in angsty heaven.
Instructions unclear. Dick stuck in Mic jack.
Did you just slip into JarJar for a second?
Ah, Ol' Muphry's Law!
Haha, Lana, I know what irony is. But language evolves over time. :automatic weapons fire: *Goddammit Archer! Now is NOT the time for a debate on language semantics!*
Ha! Many experienced TIG guys have said I'm starting on the hardest thing, and my limited experience has already showed me it's true. Steel pools nicely and is relatively forgiving of temperature and speed. Aluminum sucks that heat up and if you aren't perfect, the puddle quickly gets out of control or craters to Hell and back. Butt welds aren't that bad, but inside corners can be a bear to start a clean bead on. Again, I've been at it a week, so my technique is far from refined. I'm sure with a little practice on steel will do wonders for my mechanics.
Alcohol dependance is a huge problem. And dangerous. A guy I know just had two massive seizures after trying to cut out the booze. It's one of the only drugs where the withdrawal alone can kill.
You and I go to different random parties...
If it makes you feel any better, I personally hate cocaine.
Shit's gotta be like 300-400 pounds.
I know your inbox is flooding, but gotta relate my mechanic story. I worked at an old VW shop for five years. Awesome place, great stories, no shortage of interesting people. The boss is a super cool dude, but gets a bit flustered when stressed. My coworker (just three guys in the whole place) was a wacky dude and a decent mech, but didn't have confidence, so I was always helping him. After too many times getting bitched at for something taking longer than expected because I was busy helping him or something, I snapped. I was in the middle of an early smoke break, because I was in the middle of a big job and just wanted to get a smoke in so I could focus on finishing the job before lunch. Had the entire front end disassembled in a half hour and was actually really enjoying the job (lift kit install, fun stuff). Boss saw me smoking and launched into a tirade about how he just paid coworker two days to fix one of my fuckups and was now paying me to smoke (new engine "overheating," I told him before we shipped it that the new temp sensor was reading high as they all did, we even stocked resistors just to compensate for this, but he just said ship it. But no he paid dude for two days to do all sorts of things to bring temps down before just swapping out the sensor for a good used one). Anywhoooo, he wanted the job done. I walked inside, packed up my tools and wheeled my box down the street saying "well, gonna take longer now...." I did it to maintain the friendship I had with him. He's a bro, and I could feel the work relationship straining the friendship. We're all cool now, and I still stop by on Friday nights for beers and bitching, so it worked.
And who are you to say trees don't have a consciousness? I don't mean that in a purely hippie woo-woo way, but in the way that consciousness is ill-defined and a very contentious subject at best.
I've been witness to it making all manner of car run like shit or at least inefficiently. Not like I've been a mechanic for the better part of a decade or anything...
Yes, many modern EFIs can handle it by compensating via variable timing and mixture. But it still results in decreased efficiency, both via inherently less energy and volume replacement by water absorption. Your friend's Audi probably had a well sealed gas tank, and you may live in a fairly dry climate. Here in OR, even the best sealed gas tanks are moot, because the gas is already water contaminated straight out of the pumps due to the amount of ambient moisture. I've personally seen it demonstrated.
Fox owes their fortune to the Simpsons.
Like?
Thirtysomething.
Hmm. My buddy has three and a decent staff. Supports more than a couple adults. Another buddy has one and has made so much he moved into a brick and mortar kitchen and just has a cadre of college kids working the truck now. I refuse to believe that I know over one fifth of the successful food truckers in America...
I'm not at all saying it is guaranteed success, as, once again, foodservice is a risky business. I'm actually usually the one here throwing a dose of reality at potential food truckers. I said passion is a requirement for success, not a guarantee of it. I just found your statement about successful food trucks being "single digits" to be a bit overblown. They may just be in a place to lead the market in their area. I don't know the area, but while an established food truck scene can help new trucks, it can also hurt through competition and saturation. Again, I don't know the details of their demographic. My buddy with multiple carts and trucks was a kid right out of college (not for cooking) and decided to jump into it. He had help getting started from friends and family (Building his first truck actually started the business I'm a part of now.) Source: Worked in kitchens and on food trucks, built more than 10 trucks/carts and maintain working and friendly relationships with all manner of foodies, live in a hotbed of food truck culture.
La Fours!
Da Rude
I wanted Jane. :P
Sex isn't a set thing where you touch boobs, then the peepees and hoohoos, then mouths to peepees and hoohoos, then finally peepees to hoohoos. No. Sometimes you just gotta stuff your face in some labia mid bonk. What guy doesn't think it's hot when a girl pulls it out for some old fashioned shaft slurping? You must be a bore in the sack.
I'm saying I have lots of experience flying headfirst into the ground, snow or not. Y'all are just a bunch of weenies.
Says "GimmeCandyandCuddles." Stay away from my kids... (Edit: that's a joke. Sarcasm. Haha. Thought it was obvious enough.) But seriously, it's true. Anything a guy does with little kids is "suspicious" but gaggles of women can basically grope them and it's just "motherly."
While I agree with the sentiment, no, just no. That place is a shithole of the same kind as the "feminist" places on tumblr they hate so much.
Wat?
They "knew" the sister, but it sounds like OP is the more trustworthy one here. Maybe less paranoia is a good thing. The world is safer than ever and yet we continually shelter kids more and more and constantly assume the worst.
"Insisted his mom stay...." the poster I was responding to implied that it would have been ok had a woman been there. Holy crap, when I was a kid my babysitters would leave us for a minute with a friend or BF or whatever sometimes. No molesting happened. Most people are generally good people. Kids are safer now than ever before.
Joke=over your head....
Don't mind if I do. First, though, Chris, what the fuck are you doing with my niece. Get the fuck out of my campsite you sick bastard.
I understand. Imagine a group of guys looking at a picture of a naked little girl like "omg! Look at the cute little labia! She's gonna be a maneater some day!"
For a few minutes? Kid breaks an arm, you take them to a hospital. Mom can wait ten minutes to find out. I've watched kids for a few minutes. Nobody died or freaked out. Usually I just make a new friend.
Oooooo, stranger danger! Back to the old "kids are much, much more likely to be hurt by known adults and relatives than *scary strangers*" truth...
Hashtag thatsthejoke.org
Something something broken arms something jolly rancher something steel memes.
That's length, not degree of fuckup.
I've actually never done salvia. But I'm quite familiar with it. All the out of body experiences I've had have involved MDMA, MDA, 2CB, and the catalyst nitrous oxide. Saw my body floating in space getting massaged by two warm waterfalls, that were actually my ex's hands. Turned into my friend and saw myself drooling on the couch across from him, then the cat informed me that we were all the same being experiencing the universe from different perspectives. Watched the world swirl away into blowing sand and turn into me and the girl of my dreams only to have us smash together and fling my hand perfectly into intercepting the bong being handed to me while she slept peacefully in my lap....
With Dave playing the white guy and Charlie Murphy as BB.
Yes, sandwiches can be like a drug a too. Food addiction is a thing. People do overindulged in eating for the serotonin response. That's one of the big causes of obesity. Yes, people do have sexual withdrawal. Never seen somebody get irritable or irrational after a "dry spell?" People do damage themselves and others through consensual mutual pleasure sometimes. And lastly, you're right. Just about anything can be abused and overindulged in. But that's more of an argument against the scapegoating of drugs than the realities of sex.
And nowhere did I advocate for complete abstinence. I myself partake in drugs, sex, porn, and masturbation. But like you both said, just about anything can be overindulged in. I picked up on the drug example because it's something well known to be abused.
More like meth, booze n heroin. The Kesey Kids spange and sell things.
