Given that it's a Japanese production there isn't much else they could do. The all Japanese cast and change of setting does seem like it'll take a lot away from the series' atmosphere though. While it bugs me, it's only one of many gripes I have with this what we've seen of this movie.
The only thing that bothers me about the dub is some of the translations. They butchered my favorite line, right when I had finally gotten used to the English voices and was anticipating hearing it delivered. But whatever, life goes on, the dub is still pretty good.
This sounds like it would be hell on sub. So hard to track 2 convos at once when you have to look down at the text. The subtlety would be completely lost on anyone who can't understand japanese.
Oh, well I'm not a huge anime fan, so I wouldn't be able to say exactly what distinguishes him from other characters in other franchises. Maybe that he's a badass midget (?). I'll allow someone else to help you out on this.
I think the description is stupid. The "facial and body form" excuse is bullshit, that's just the way Manga/Anime art is drawn. According to this text, every single character in any manga is Japanese. The only things Japanese about the franchise are the author and Mikasa. Every thing else is western, from the setting to the characters. Even in the Japanese dub, the characters refer to each other by "First name" "Last name", like they would as Europeans. I also haven't heard many honorifics, though I may have missed those.
Mikasa becoming a Titan Shifter would be like reuniting the Triforce, given that she's already OP due to both of her parents' bloodlines. She might literally become the Asian War Goddess foretold in ~~Slap on Titan~~ the ancient prophecies. I like her the way she is, as a demigod only, so I'd rather this not happen. Erwin for me.
IDK if you're being sarcastic or not, since I've heard people argue both sides.
You are right with a lot of what you say. However, SNK is definitely not set in Europe. If it is set on this planet, the dimensions of the walls, fauna, climate, physical geography (save for the ever increasing elevation towards the center), and cover art suggest it takes place in North America. I also don't think it happens in the future, I think it happens in an alternate timeline which diverged from our own in the early 17th century. I have no idea where the calendar they use came from though (Maybe year 0 is Charlemagne's rule, given that he's the original Holy Roman Emperor). Edit: Typos Edit^2 : Why the hell is this getting downvoted, nothing I said is false or misleading.
The walls don't fit in Europe in the slightest, unless you go as far as Russia, which doesn't match the Geography at all. Remember that there are canyon-like deserts in the southern parts of the walls. All those things you said could be explained by the fact that people from Europe fled to North America. They would have brought their culture with them. Edit: I was wrong, no need to go as far East as Russia. But Eastern Europe still doesn't fit the geography.
I felt similar at first but I got used to it. It's a really good dub. Regarding the roars, that bugs me a bit too, but they're just emphasizing the Titan's craziness over its anger. It isn't wrong per se. Without having heard the Japanese version before she shouldn't find anything weird. My gripe is really with the translations they chose.
Looking forward to reaching that part then. I'm excited haha
I watched the first few but I'm waiting for my friend to keep going.
Oh God, I still haven't gotten over the Japanese dub version.
The ones I remember are from Episode 6. Some of her flashback lines, as well as her thoughts when she's facing death. In the English dub, she's speaking to Eren in her mind [Anime Spoilers](/m "and says "If I die, my memories of you die with me", which I find too ambiguous. It's still early in the series and she isn't fully characterized yet" ). That's why I prefer the Japanese dub's [Anime Spoilers](/m ""If I die, I won't be able to think about you anymore"" ), which I find conveys her ~~obsession~~ feelings for Eren much better Maybe I'm grasping at straws here, but she's my favorite character and that bugs me a bit.
It's all opinion obviously, but I really don't see what the problem is. They want to end the episode by emphasizing the effect and projected effect on his friends. Her hair is flicking because she's on a roof. It never struck me as a parody of other strong female characters
I doubt MT's power is that straightforward. Even if it is, he knows that he's fighting against the coordinate, so the presence of Titans wouldn't be to his advantage.
Thank you! This is actually a hard question to answer lol. A bit, I guess. Enough to be able to make educated guesses. It seems like the whole truth will be out in the next few months though. Also, I forgot to mention but it is heavily (really heavily) implied that Monkey Troubles turned Connie's village's inhabitants into the Titans that attacked
If I remember correctly that was actually Ymir talking, not Hange. Idk how far you've read so I won't spoil, but she's trying to make him give up that thought by antagonizing him.
What a twist that would be. Someone call M. Night and offer him to adapt.
Indeed. That's too bad. I've been streaming it off some weird website haha
I honestly think it will tie in with "Before the Fall" or whatever that spinoff is called, since [Manga Spoilers](/m "it starts 70 years before the main series and we've already seen it progress through several years. Wouldn't be surprised if Ymir ended up being the kid of the "Titan Child" and that noble girl he ran away with. It would explain perhaps why "her death made people happy", if the people refer to her noble family").
If it isn't what I said, then I believe they will at least run in to her at some point. Ymir said that it was 60 some years, so it may have been less than 60. There's some wiggle space. We also don't know how much people age while in titan form (whether aging is completely stopped or just slowed down), so maybe she changed as a 5 year old and emerged as a 10 year old or something. It just seems to tie in well with her understanding Historia's situation. I also doubt that before the fall won't tie in to the main storyline somehow. It's all speculation, but time will tell I guess.
I think so, I think Isayama co-authored it.
DOA
Not quite as bad as I thought. It seems like it will rise above Syfy quality after all. Still, so many movies look good in the trailer just to be horrible, so this trailer not being horrible still doesn't convince me.
I definitely agree. The 3DMG scenes were only shown for split seconds but still looked really bad.
No, the Dad-eating incident occurs after Wall Maria falls, unless every single character has lied so far. What I'm wondering is how Grisha managed to snatch Eren and bring him to wherever the Reiss estate was within Sina, and how Eren got back to the refugees inside Rose without Mikasa or Armin noticing.
I don't think Colossal has that, I think he just flees using the massive steam cloud as cover.
As disappointing as it is for humanity, there are many people who see this and the other sneak peeks and comment about how amazing it looks and how happy they are that "Evil America" isn't ruining the franchise. The irony kills me. Edit: Spelling
yes lol. Been a long day
I thought I remembered seeing that the dad-eating occurred with the partially destroyed church in the background. I'll have to check again.
Her Titan was stated to be "invincible", and that she only lost because she didn't know how to fight. Grisha's is not similar to Eren's at all other than the ears, completely different body shape.
I have to admit that's what I thought of when I read the newest chapter lol.
Given that the walls apparently extend a decent distance down into the ground, it is possible that these titans are as big or bigger than the Colossal.
If they are only above ground then yes, but it's been stated that the walls also continue below the surface, which would indicate larger wall titans.
Yeah and they took out "See you later Eren" which seems like it'll be important, or at least interesting.
This is awesome, great work!
I always thought his head was shaped like a chestnut.
Knowing Kishi, I'm surprised Obito was never some "prophecy child" or something with a hidden power like that in his eyes.
At the same time, if this movie flops, that won't bode well for a possible Western adaptation, so I guess I'll give it a go. I'll bring in a big bag to puke in
Mikasa "Asian War Godess" Ackerman. She's genuine and unambiguous, she's been through hell more than any other character IMO, yet she still uses her tremendous natural power to pursue an ideal of "love", whereas Eren is mostly motivated by "hate", at least as far as the anime and early chapter go.
That's true, but I think it's both simultaneously
Deontologists judge the morality of actions based on a code or set of rules. Batman has his rule. He won't break it in the name of probable future events
To understand his motives you have to put himself in his shoes. His rule is not to kill. If his involvement ends with him turning in a criminal to law enforcement, he did not break his rule. That being said, Batman would probably go after a system that would execute over minor crimes. I doubt guilt would factor in though
Yet ironically their supporters repeatedly scream in their echo chambers that "libtards" are the global embarrassment.
I thought it was implied that I was comparing Islam and Christianity. I don't get where you came to think I was making a blanket statements of every belief system. The history books say that while Europe was still a mess, certain Muslim countries preserved ancient texts and made many advances in science and medicine.
True. I hope this is a flaw of human nature we can eventually rectify for good
There's room for it, but it's one of the sides that is overwhelmingly cited by citizens of other nations to be a joke
I'm neither an apologist nor do I call people Islamophobes for disliking that religion. I just dislike it when people claim that western religions are somehow inherently better because our people have mostly securitized in the last few hundred years. All of those religions are bad.
Probably because his condition was continuously worsening as usually happens when large body damage happens to your body and is left untreated. By the time Rey overpowers him, she was both strengthened by the Force and he was probably half drained of blood (semi-joke). As for Finn, he was toying with him for a while. When he wanted to get serious he beat Finn quickly. Seriously this fight says a lot more about Kylo than either Rey or Finn, people just love this easy and well supported complaint for some reason.
And that is the true tragedy. So many people give no shits about space and are perfectly content with their children and their species living and dying on Earth without ever leaving it. All they need is to see some science fantasy like Star Wars to be satisfied
It's slightly less prevalent here in America. The most shocking is the apathy amongst young people. I don't know if you've seen the clip, but the segment on the Nightly Show where Bill Nye was a guest is an excruciating snapshot of the issue.
"Life is not fair" is the shittiest excuse to not do the right thing. America's refugee screening it's much more thorough and Syrians can't just walk into our country like they can in Europe. Not to mention that we, the United States, are the ones that were the biggest "contributors" to the creation of the current situation in that region. To refuse thousands of children because of the risk of a couple terrorists slipping through the screening is pathetic and cowardly
You're right, but an over-enthusiastic populace beats an apathetic one when it comes to backing projects.
Of course it depends on your system. Designating an area of study or system is an important part of science.
I'm not familiar with what you're talking about. Can you explain what your beliefs are?
That depends of which definition of purpose you choose then I guess.
Seems a little out there but I'll give it a look. My personal view of the universe is fundamentally different, since Emergence is to me the unifying principle, and it require differing levels to begin with, though I may just be misunderstanding what you said
Because it's a step towards being able to transport humans safely throughout our system as well as a step towards permanent extraterrestrial settlement
Many. Other than being a proud achievement for humanity, which is good enough in and of itself, we could mine them for resources, many of which are rate on earth. We can use them as platforms to launch things into space with less gravitational and no atmospheric resistance. We can study the effects of Gs greater than 0 but lower than 1 on the human body. Provides a longterm path towards eventually going further in the Solar System and eventually beyond. Refueling and resupplying stations. Indirect benefits would include a windfall of new technologies developed by the drive into space, like microprocessors were with the Apollo missions, as well as opening up space as a potential locating for more of the private sector, which would create a whole new part of the economy. There is really no reason not to go.
I cannot believe how many Mass Effect references I've seen recently lol. I want to go to club Dark Star On a more serious note, don't Higgs fields determine mass in real life? Couldn't we achieve a mass effect if a way to manipulate that field exists?
I completely agree. I'm finishing up the mass effect trilogy now, and there's no doubt if that franchise had been in a medium like a TV series, it would not have the same emotional impact at all. As far as storytelling and character building go, games have the potential to blow movies away
The only parts of the game that could possibly work well would be the conversations. Even then it wouldn't add much.
I see. I guess I will have to look up the original ending on youtube. In that sense I was lucky to be nearly a decade late in joining the Mass Effect community. I believe what you say, but why is this still an issue after the fix? People in the recent Andromeda discussions are still naming this as one of their major complaints. Edit: Saw original ending, indeed I would have been disappointed.
Your opinion is what I would expect. On the advice of a previous redditor, I will look up the original ending to try and put myself in the shoes of a day 1 gamer. I'm just shocked at how this complaint showed up in recent Andromeda threads. The Deus Ex that bothers me the most, especially as an engineer, is that the Alliance could begin building this Galaxy Changing Device within a few months without being able to understand what it would ultimately do or how it worked. However this issue is present from the beginning and is therefore easily accepted by the end, at least for me.
Whether or not the Catalyst is a good twist is something I'll leave to each to decide. I personally find it amazing, because it challenged me as I tried to figure out which was the best solution and whether the AI was trustworthy. Much better than a straight up "destroy is the clear solution". But that's my opinion. I saw the reddit thread for the EC release and most of the top comments at the time seemed to have found closure with it. That sentiment seems to have been reversed since. The youtube comments are ridiculous though, people claiming to be unable to play XBOX or to never want to buy Bioware ever again. Your way of putting it with the wound and bandage is probably the answer. Seeing the crappy ending with the crew in the jungle at first must have been a major pain and the EC must've come a bit too late. I, however, having only ever seen the pretty bandage and never felt the pain of the wound, I don't mind.
I think he's referring to the ultra clunky inventory system
It should have been a machine aboard the Normandy that did it
A response to your second edit. I had heard of that but I thought it was just a rumor. Is it confirmed? I honestly probably would have preferred that ending. Makes more sense from pretty much every perspective. However, it doesn't improve much on the current ending regarding your earlier choices in the trilogy, which is the complaint I have beef with.
Hey! I recently finished the trilogy for the 1st time too and I'm pretty much the same way. I played them in order, but like you I was a Sentinel. I was a male that had Liara as a main romance. I didn't have the happy ending mod though, so I had feelings of guilt over sacrificing my Shepard knowing that meant letting Liara live for 900 more years alone. I, like you, feel a little empty after such a great ride with great characters. I'd be happy to compare my EC ending feelings to your happy one if you're interested. I have to try that mod soon.
I never usually pre order for myself, though I sometimes will as a gift to others. I don't know if I'll be able to resist buying Andromeda right away though, even though I'm scared of finding an incomplete product. I'm also interested in trying some mods out for a happy ending, Liara deserved better than what she got from my storyline :(
That's true, I hadn't thought of that.
I've never played Dragon Age, so I can't really relate. I guess we'll have to agree to disagree then on the ending. It seems natural if you didn't get to see the EC on our first playthrough and I did that we would have different feelings.
Thanks for the advice! I know you probably can't link on here, but do you mind me asking if you know what reputable website I could get those from? I don't want to accidentally expose my computer to malware or something by using a bad source. Steam workshop has made mod acquisition too easy for me I'm afraid haha. Also do you know if it's compatible with a pre Cerberus Base assault save, or do I have to start a new game for JAM to work. I don't see myself being able to do a new playthrough any time soon given my attachment to my Shepard's story
MVP. Thank you so much. I have all the DLC. I'll definitely get JAM and the Anderson one. I'm conflicted about CEM, because chronologically it works both during and after ME3, but thematically it only works after. I'll probably save that mod for this summer when I replay the series, especially if it bugs out for me like it seems to have done for you.
That is true, whether or not they are expressed though may come after conception. Either way, it's completely irrelevant to abortion
From what I can gather, the original ending was just so bad that even with the release of the extended cut, many people can't get the sour taste of the original out of their mouths. Assuming you, like me, didn't play it at launch, it would explain why we don't hate it.
I see what you're saying, but sometimes events are out of the hands of the people participating. I'm satisfied that my choices decided whether or not my companions survived and with the EC I get to see the effect on the races I saved or didn't etc. While I'm also sad that there was no happy ending (though high EMS destroy seems to be implied to be a happy ending), I understand that Shepard couldn't beat the odds forever and that he wouldn't make it back, especially after mine's farewell to Liara. I still don't really see how they could have included the choice at the end of ME1 and stuff like that to the ending, so I can forgive it. But you make fair points, I guess it's down to different perspectives
I don't really mind not having Shepard, but no Liara, Garrus or Tali has me ultra sad. However, it's hard to love what you don't know yet. No matter how pessimistic anyone is about the new game thinking it might be subpar due to perceived failings in ME3 or ME2, one thing that remained constant (or even got better) throughout the series was the quality and depth of the characters. Hell, even James, whose character archetype screams boring and one dimensional, turned out at least average. I have no doubt that the new cast will match, or at least come close to, the old one in quality. However, until I get through at least a full game, I'll be longing for more content with the aforementioned trio.
You can definitely argue that. However, it seems to me like Shepard keeps it together after that death, whereas seeing the kid causes him to start losing it
My Shepard was pretty Paragon, but I still think it would be nice if you could break Omega's one rule.
What would be the scientific worth of an observation station on a distant Solar System body like Titan be? Would having a second point of view to observe the universe with be useful or do we not need such an installation?
The Star Wars Galaxy is far far away. Even though it's quite a distance, the Andromeda Galaxy is quite close to ours in the grand scheme of things
I didn't realize Titan had such a thick atmosphere. Thank you for your answer, instinctively I assume that 2 points of view trump one but I wasn't sure if it was the case here given the scale of what is being observed.
It's true that she feels a little underutilized in the base games, because she's a pretty interesting character. the Omega DLC kinda fixed that even though it was a little short. Looking back, I kinda wish she had been a potential squadmate in ME3. The extra slot would have been filled by Samara if paragon and by Aria if renegade or if Samara is dead. It makes sense to me because they are a bit of a mirror image of each other, and also because Aria sitting in Purgatory doing nothing seems completely out of character, since she knows what a threat the Reapers are and that she would get the opportunity to weaken Cerberus by joining Shepard. Extra bonuses from that would be to get to see her point of view of all the different situations Shepard finds himself in, a possible romance with Shepard and possible confirmation of her being Aleena by Wrex. Seeing them reunited would be a great scene.
I want to buy an N7 hoodie or something but they seem prohibitively expensive on the Bioware store. Anyone know why?
N7 2K16 here I come
Really? I'll have to give that a shot one day
You overestimate my powers haha but I'll give your idea a chance
It's so great and motivating. The first 20 seconds are gold, they always have me turning my head up to the stars.
Oh crap I got the song wrong, I thought this was the Ending Reprise. Yeah I love the entirety of the song you posted. I hope it's the credits song of the movie when they make it
You refer to the Sun as Sol? Why do you use the Latin name?
I did like 5 lol. Chakwas always lives no matter how long you wait.
Nope, she survives and rubs the fact that everyone else is dead because you took too long in your face. It was painful
Plugging my comment about Aria from the potential romance thread. &gt; Looking back, I kinda wish she had been a potential squadmate in ME3. The extra slot would have been filled by Samara if paragon and by Aria if renegade or if Samara is dead. It makes sense to me because they are a bit of a mirror image of each other, and also because Aria sitting in Purgatory doing nothing seems completely out of character, since she knows what a threat the Reapers are and that she would get the opportunity to weaken Cerberus by joining Shepard. Extra bonuses from that would be to get to see her point of view of all the different situations Shepard finds himself in, a possible romance with Shepard and possible confirmation of her being Aleena by Wrex. Seeing them reunited would be a great scene.
The same reason why I don't wanna plug myself into the matrix
In all seriousness, I would love this as an Easter egg. Star Wars is supposed to be set in the ancient past, so its Galactic civilization falling since then isn't impossible by any means.
I was gonna correct you until I saw the edit. I believe the theory that, as they were building the Crucible, the Council were also building an Ark and massive mass relay-like structure at the fringe of the galaxy, and that when news that Hammer failed to reach the beam reached the Council, they sent the order to launch the Ark towards Andromeda. The way I see this working is that the launching device would be more similar to an enormous version of Mass Effect's weapons than it would be to a relay. It would "shoot" the arc towards Andromeda. However, due to the lack of a receiving relay, the travel is both inaccurate and incomplete, and the occupants of the arc spend a few centuries in cryosleep before reaching whatever arm of Andromeda they land in.
No it isn't. There are plenty of possible reasons why we have found no evidence of life out there without the need for a Great Filter. Mass Effect for example is a fictional universe that shows a Milky Way that has dozens of sapient lifeforms who happen to be limited in where they can travel in the stars at their current level of technology. Ironically, there is an artificial filter in Mass Effect, but it is one that occurs long after a civilization has the ability to travel the galaxy, so it doesn't fit the criteria of the actual Great Filter There could be a corridor of FTL travel 2000 light years from Earth and we wouldn't know it. The Great Filter is very likely but far from proven or certain
Exactly. My [sense of wonder](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sense_of_wonder) regarding the Universe has been reignited very recently thanks to Mass Effect, and I have to frequently remind myself that the grandiose travels and setpieces present in that franchise are fiction and probably completely impossible. Seeing a piece of information like this, which makes something as crazy as a Galactic civilization seem petty and unremarkable, is both incredibly sobering and intoxicating.
