That is what I was thinking. That the White Walker would freeze the bay and send the howling undead hoards after the boats.
Most likely to be wheelchair accessible.
My 40 year old friend in Colorado posted this to his timeline. I will start with the obvious. Cutting off a person's welfare check would be a violation of the 1st amendment. Secondly the racist is angle is incredible. Not all black people in the US are receiving welfare benefits. Sigh...
But capitalism...
One of the most horrible nights of my life. I had to watch standard cable.
Yeah the best part. When I call him on being racist he says that he can't help it he is from the "South". I point out that Colorado wasn't a state until 1876. Well after the Civil War.
That is what I tell my friend when he starts in with that shit. He doesn't bring it up around me much anymore.
Yes. At least I would think that would be a first amendment violation.
I had some Simpson's game for a short time. It was when my phone started yelling at me to come play in Homer Simpson's voice that I uninstalled and deleted the app.
You should tell her that you want to prevent future cheating by having an open relationship. Than bring home a second girlfriend. I wonder how quick the shit would hit that fan in that case.
Reading the reviews for this movie. It sounds like Cameron Crowe has a lot more to apologize for than the casting of Emma Stone.
I would leave him alone. He might freeze your head.
The Lufftwaffe was largely destroyed by D-Day. The Pointblank plan had been conceived and instituted in early 1943. This was a joint Anglo-American campaign to the destroy the Lufftwaffe and German industrial targets. Pointblank was very successful in depleting the Luftwaffe. Eisenhower promised his troops that any aircraft they would see would be allied aircraft. A promise that for the most part was true. Essentially allied forces had depleted the Luftwaffe to near inoperable levels and rule the skies of Fortress Europe. Source: D-Day the invasion of Normandy June 6, 1944, Randy Holderfield &amp; Michael J. Varhola.
I think she meant to say most Fox News polls show the world has a "lower regard".
I am on the US west coast. I have not seen a digital price tag anywhere. Would make sense.
I was pretty disappointed that the wrote Stannis sacrificing his daughter into the script. I think that Stannis would never have done that and that it was out of character for him.
Stannis typically killed those who had broken a law or otherwise were wrong. Renley was not next in line for succession to the Iron Throne. Yet he was trying to claim the kingship for himself. Yes He killed countless others. He typically is a harsh man who will force those guilty of crimes to face punishment. Consider good Sir Davos. Sacrificing his daughter to the Red God is out of character IMO.
Wow and they did it poorly as well. It is possible to change just the hair color without changing the rest of the image. In this case the designer just altered the whole image and not just the hair color. I have worked in commercial printing. We often would change a small portion of an image to show the different colors that the product came in instead of taking multiple pictures.
Don't disillusion the racists.
Can't say I blame him for making this choice. A bullet to the head beats weeks of torture and a slow beheading or being burned alive in my book.
Come for the donuts. Stay for the revolution.
I gave you an upvote for being honest about liking "The Village". No go be ashamed of yourself in the corner.
I remember all the little signs that pointed to Bruce Willis being dead. My main problem with signs was that water was acid to the aliens. The ending just went off the rails in my opinion.
I think there is also a natural desire to explain the world around us. Religion would provide clues to our origin and why the world works the way it does.
I agree with you. I do think that we naturally need to believe in something. Religion or otherwise. I would suspect it is part of trying to understand our place in the universe.
If you look at the world wide population as a whole. Caucasians are a minority. So I would imagine that they will be a minority in heaven. Thus the answer is yes there will be minorities in heaven.
The problem is you think that rich people are affected by the same laws as the rest of us.
The next post from these people should be about all the loafers on welfare. Never mind that so many minimum wage people use SNAP and other programs to make ends meet.
I am not sure why a study needed to be done on this topic. Seems like it is an obvious conclusion.
When your history lessons come from Rush Limbaugh and Glenn Beck. You have to expect a few things will get skipped.
Cthulu for President. Why vote for the lesser evil?
I had to use crutches for a short time after knee surgery. I completely understand the urge to chuck them in the trash.
This guy is turning into an angry old man way too soon.
Chainsaw would fix that.
The term your looking for is Oligarchy. Welcome to the new political shift in America.
I gave you an upvote. Maybe people didn't recognize the song title. Besides. We've got bigger problems now.
For a god of light who is supposed to chase away the terrors of the dark. The Red God sure requires some pretty terrible sacrifices.
Upvote for the picture of Al Bundy.
Aluminum or any other non-ferrous metal.
Hell I am white and got hassled by a woman in an expensive area in the middle of the day because I was parked on the street in my car. My job has me driving around to visit people in their homes. Sometimes if I am early or need a break. I will take a few minutes and play a game on my phone or read a book. One day as I was doing this. A woman pulls out of her driveway. I was parked in front of her house and asks me if I need help. I told her I was fine. After a couple more questions. She then told me they had a neighbor watch in effect. I responded that I would keep an eye out for suspicious behavior. She drove off at that point.
Does the rate include your own pit or would I have to share?
I think you better touch it to make sure it is transmitting a charge.
It might be an all inclusive package.
Because we wouldn't be a representative democracy at that point. The system of government you are outlining is referred to as an Oligarchy. The de facto system we have in place now. If you really want to understand why it would be bad. Read up on the history post civil war up until the end of the great depression. Pay particular attention to the rise of the union movement and the "robber barons".
It would basically end up and Oligarchy. Voting and power would be consolidated into a handful of wealthy families. Politicians would be elected to serve who serve the interests of a small portion of the population. Laws would be passed that only serve a very narrow interest of wealth and money. Much like the system we have in place now.
Last year when it was looking like the hawks were going to lose the NFC championship to Green Bay. I told by my father in law that being a Mariners fan has prepared me for disappointment.
Hey Dan Savage himself said that with pot and gay marriage legalized in Washington State. He wasn't really sure what to with the Stranger.
I knew a guy who was on LSTs. He said it stood for launch slow target.
Not the same thing. Also being on LSD while storming the beaches of Normandy or Guam would have been a bad idea. It would have been historically impossible as well.
My Father in law who lives near Detroit says that he won't go through the Detroit city limits without a gun. Too Dangerous. I am guessing he meant some of the area around the city as well.
Hopefully they will get things turned around. I know the new Mayor is working on getting investment set up in the city of Detroit and it seems like a lot of the citizens would like to have a better city.
Don't look at me. I have been trying to figure out for years where to turn in my application for millionaire playboy.
I don't know man. The little one looks shifty as hell.
As far as I can tell most of the white ones. A little less incest might help your family trees.
Developers have been doing this all over Seattle as well. You will have a street full of older craftsman style houses. Then bam on ultra-modern zero lot line house.
Let's see firing upon a US military installation. I wonder what is going to happen after that. Please don't breed. You are not needed in the gene pool.
Damn you fucktards are stupid. Fort Sumter wasn't in a "foreign country". It was in the US. Perhaps a geography course would be in order for you.
I am surprised they didn't use the photo of W holding hands with the king of Saudi Arabia. That wasn't very presidential.
Get over yourself and get your teeth fixed. The South is a bunch of whinny bitches that lost and now we have deal with you stupid shits. You lost the fucking war that you tried to start with the US. There is no grand heritage. The Stars and Bars is a symbol of a slavery and treason. No amount of historical revision will ever fix that.
And conspiracy theories start on 3...2...1. On a serious note my condolences to his family. May they find peace.
Perhaps he personally wants to check for the terrible crime. I know it is a lot to take on, but for the sake of humanity someone has too.
What if the values you are raised with say that one person is better or more valuable than another person based on the color of their skin?
That and South Carolina flies the confederate flag on the state grounds. While all of the other flags were lowered to half-mast after the shooting. The Confederate flag was not lowered. In their defense it takes a special legal vote of the state legislature to lower that flag. Still it appears to be a real dick move after the racially motivated killings of nine blacks.
That was my first thought as well. Seems like Breitbart panders to the absolute worst side of the conservative mindset.
Well found my spot to survive the zombie apocalypse.
I think that is a somewhat apt comparison. However at the time of Lincoln's election. I don't think any new laws concerning slavery had been passed. Much of the reason for secession was based on a worry that laws outlawing slavery would be passed by a northern government unfamiliar with the "peculiar institution" of slavery. I think they had a right to be worried as well. The abolitionist movement had been gaining steam and the underground railroad that moved slaves from the southern part of the country to Canada was in full effect. This might be a good question to bounce over to /r/askhistorians. If we can keep the conversation to historical fact it might prove illuminating.
Oh it will come. Don't think for a moment that Bethesda will give up that revenue stream.
I am just waiting for the zombies to wade out of the water.
If they were alive today they would be some sort of immortal being and very suspect in my opinion.
Nice. I saw them at Memorial Stadium in '95. Freaking awesome show.
I just read that Sarah Palin got dumped by Fox News. I am thinking the Palin star is fading fast at this point.
But the debate over immigration is primarily of Hispanics coming to the US. When someone says illegal immigrant what is the first image that pops into your mind? Regardless of whether this was meant in a racial way or not. The issue is deeply tied in with race at this point.
They could save money by not eating out twice a week that is for sure. As for the phone and some of the other stuff. Sometimes people save up to buy something special or get a gift. Thus they may not be part of the problem.
I don't recall life being fair.
He wasn't and it is a stupid question. Now go sit in the corner and be ashamed.
I have about 2 minutes max in that sub before I want to go and stab my eyes out with a pen.
Don't forget that Canada has that scary socialized medicine complete with death panels. Source my ass.
I like the other part of the logic that getting into the undisturbed tomb is really hard. Yet a convenient exit straight to the street exists. Looking at you Assassin's Creed.
That was my first thought. Pow right in boys.
Please don't cloud the issue with facts.
Well that has got to be a niche market.
But blacks need to get over the whole slavery thing.
Given the mess in Europe at the end of WWII. I can't blame the POWs for wanting to stay. Canada didn't get bombed back to the stone age during the war.
Bookmarking this page. I have read some of these books but not all of them. Loved Snow Crash, though I think Diamond Age is in many ways a better story. Neuromancer obviously, but they should have included Burning Chrome. Looking forward to checking out some of the other books on this list.
I especially like the line about stop living in the past were weren't born in. Umm a little projection their guys?
I was wondering that myself. They use the term homofacism while having the communist hammer and sickle included on image. I guess just throwing as much stuff against the wall to see what sticks.
There is also no actual citation that the photos shown actually correspond with where they were supposedly taken. Additionally if you area running an elaborate psyop. It seems like you would not use the same actors.
I thought it was the Rothschilds in league with the lizard people?
I don't know a lot about your LePage, but he sounds like a real piece of work. I read this article about him a few days ago. I don't think he is just kidding that much. http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/the-fix/wp/2015/06/25/paul-lepage-really-doesnt-like-journalists/
I suspect with Melisandre recently returned to the Wall the John will be resurrected by her.
How do I get that job?
Plenty of places to make poor choices on Aurora Ave North.
The movie largely got panned by the critics and ignored by audiences. Personally I always liked this move for making fun of Hollywood action flicks. I think most people didn't get the joke that Arnie was trying to make.
Had a mom bring in her teenage daughter to get passport photos. The girl was on the phone. The mom asked me to take the photos. I responded sure as soon as she is ready and went to help the next customer. When I took the photo. The girl immediately pulled her cell phone out of her pocket and resumed the conversation.
The French also hesitated to attack when the pikes set up. This gave time for the pikemen to get into place.
The Nazis also staged a few false flag attacks to make it appear that the Polish were attacking German interests. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gleiwitz_incident
Best bet by law enforcement is to turn of the water and power and wait until the food runs out. See how long they will stand on principle with empty bellies.
I can hear the conversation now. Dang it Cletus you were supposed to pack the food. Better get on the facebook and ask for help.
That is a u-boat captains worst nightmare.
Morocco Mexico. Close enough. They both start with an M.
