okay I will do that in conjunction with strengthening
I don't think on this meta ezreal is that easy to play. I always hear how bad people think about the champ because they get a lot of shotty ezreals in their games. Maybe he has a sorta higher skillcap than regular auto arrack champions. But someone with more in depth knowledge would have a better informed opinion
yarrr wait no thats gp mb
then older worn down shen comes back with a mechanical....sword?
dude those death sounds are a little too "chokey" for me. the other lines sound pretty naice tho. maybe the "ugliness" of death is contrasted with his supposed "beauty" of death that he sees. also im bs'ing. will def get this champ nj
holy fuck this joke/pic has been overdone and it's still getting upvotes...the madness reddit
different abilities
hi do you know if his movement animation when he crits/gains ms is buggy? he seems to just power walk vs actually run like I see in the lolking model viewer. not sure if he is actually intended to walk faster or run
to the top with you
I found this thread on the MCU timeline, don't know if it is "valid": http://www.thecomicboard.com/forum/showthread.php?13339-Marvel-Cinematic-Universe-Timeline I'm not sure if you have seen it before, but could you attest to its validity by a quick glance?
thank
wow stop being so inconsiderate you fuckin jerk. this kid has cancer and all you ccare about is upholding your precious reddit policies. boo hoo look at me complain wah. also this (/s)
Yes, i agree. People who would spam this shit regularly do not take offense and would otherwise enjoy justifying their "opinions". It is unfortunate that they exhibit these opinions in the form of mindless spam and memes though
it doesn't matter if she can read hundreds of these comments and not take offense. the problem comes from people saying them and putting them out there in the first place.
that is so fucking rad.
if you are saying they are discussing a blade show with wesley snipes that has not been confirmed anywhere.
Yes until we get a tweet from official netflix accounts/marvel (like JJ) or from the marvel website, just rumors
I really don't know about this. Usually i am a veery bad critic when it comes to anything I consume through shows/books. My bias towards liking disallows me from objectively viewing how good or bad it is. From the thread on /r/all, it seems a LOT of people did not like it. This could mean that the audience that did enjoy it is mostly not composed of redditors, but I still feel it is significant. There were many problems they picked out that I didn't notice before, which worries me
worth
and mine
At the end of Thor 2 Sif and the other guy in Thor's team deliver the Aether in a containment device to the collector. It's a post credit scene. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rbtJZx-ShOE
well if you're hydra then dw
this city
If marvel were to pull any shit like that I would actually lose a huge admiration for Feige for not having the balls to coordinate Studios with TV better. I will also just lose faith in general
I always forgot to use the active anyways or forgot to buy it justbronzethings
this seriously reminded me more of batman than anything else. just shorter ears and different eyes
good im glad
lol that's great
wtf
This is really hard for me because the major reason I finally changed was after a very violent set of images/videos from the food industry. Sometimes I am stupid and think that meat eaters are murderers. Just random thoughts that don't let me just accept my decision without caring how other people act. On the one hand, I would love it if there were more vegetarians simply because of the animal sacrifice. However, I know some people can't because of very complicated reasons. Overall, I think because I was guilt-tripped (?) into it, I need to do it for others to. Still trying to get over that hump I guess.
I think the OP basically has the same idea about accordance with consistency.
Lol
Place is a rea circljerk
We just care about the law. That's it
They're pan flutes Marie!
Which ones aren't
I'm Ron bergundy?
Jrk uutinheynns
Hello can you respond to itscalamani
Sorry this was sarcasm for anyone who missed it like me
Hey there is worse stuff out there buddy
They will have to cover a lot of time then. Because it will have been a while since aou
He doesn't seem like a like able character
U snigle
Thank mr cena
Nice
Dam
V N
What the fuck is a frogger?
We are either too lazy to want to socialize more or too scared to try because of our inexperience. It's like wanting so bad to drive around and go out in a car but feeing afraid to get behind the wheel because you might steer the wrong way, etc.
SAAAave ME
He is not saying anything offensive or derogatory
Slee right pupper
/r/youdontsurf
Like BW's ass
R/theydidthemath
And you are banned mister. No defaming. The glorious leader trump. Well overlook your comments and justify them. Get fucked cuck
Hyudroolic press?
I'm sorry. The corruption is just too obvious and widespread. You may not be an actual shill, but thanks to hill actions, we just can't confide anymore
An emphasis in boosting self-esteem va what I believe people should be focused on, self-compassion
Ron Burgundy?
I want a white Peter Parker and I'm Hispanic.
Haha verb bros where's tie evidence lol I'm ginna unite it habana ababa /s
That's it that some good suit rift here if I do say so nyself
But it is /r/all... Every ask reddit post, every karma whoring self post or picture , controversial or saucy thread
Ponto? I think that was his name
What about you wasting your time on Reddit? Yeah, look at this guy over here, judging how people waste their time
Pretty disturbing to me for some reason
Really he has the biggest beef with him, actually no that's gamora. One of those two def shuld
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=9Yt0b_QBP_A
That's the way it goes hoss
You are def allowed to if you aren't vulgar about it. Thy don't have to popular. But, IMO, I don't think downvotes represent the truthfulness of any claim anyways
Keep downvoting Donald cucks, won't change the truth
CHOO CHOO all aboard the salty drumpf train
Bernie won't be able to push his progressive ideals forward as easily under trump presidency
Jesus the complaint of "well no one complained when Bernie posts xD". Obviously, there was backlash and annoyance and even subs were made, users would express rage in the posts themselves. This excuse has been used to death
Me too thanks
I don't think it is over critical. Yay discussion
He refers to villains in movies only
I sure hope it doesn't it would be a mess to introduce
GOOD point
If we move your mom we'll be loads lighter
Yeah sounds more accurate
Do you have any places online you recommend for eating cheaply as a vegetarian or vegan outside of Reddit?
GOOD point
We are all mc-labs15 on this blessed day
Unfortunately I recognize that I usually regurgitate what liberals tel me, so I wish I was more informed about actual policies. What I do know with more certainty is that the trump has asked for establishment money/support even though he is anti-estab. Also, I keep hearing that Bernie and trump are ways apart from their ideals, but I have the feeing they are closer than with Hillary. I am sorry you are dissappointed again by a bernout who lacks all the info. I want to try harder though, to get my hands on some unbiased news coverage. Hard to come by though, some have told me even impossible
Woman card
Pls I don't want to start crying again
Lol I'm gonna try and watch that cat woman scene and see if it is as bad as I remember Edit: yep it was. Jfc..
However there is some validity to what he says. I am a victim of my own pussyness as well
Fuck me
Yeah but sam is like a robot future bird, heck he only has wings. Fucking BP has claws, paw print shit, and a fucking helmet with ears and squinty cat ears
/r/confusedboners
Would your rely be similar to someone who says "be yourself" when meeting new people? Who you actually "are" may not be something good
Holy fuck that's an old gif
Surely that sounds exaggerated. I'm not informed on that discussion sadly
Gif making is serious business
Yes in ultimate series
I will never bot upvoting this Edit: yo tambien gracias
