God me and my gf saw an episode from season 2 at a friend's house last night and it was sooo weird!! Everything has changed so much!!
I hope to see more of him, but I have a gut feeling he's gonna become a wight eventually and that's equally sad and terrifying.
The real world didn't even really use "bastard names". That's a total GRRM thing. http://www.quora.com/Is-the-practice-of-bastard-surnames-in-Game-of-Thrones-inspired-by-any-historical-real-life-traditions
Miraak's Chant has nothing to do with the music of the universe though...
Well, the original Stark who made the wall was *Bran*don *the Builder* ;)
That's for sure going to happen at some point. Wights only die by fire (or pulverization?) so yeah Daenerys is gonna be fucked, because how do you kill a dragon *with fire?*
I thought the same. It doesn't make sense at all but.. eh?
Do you realize that you don't have a convincing argument? I want to understand where you're coming from but I just can't. You're thoughts on the Sharmat itself from comments in here are cool, but you still haven't convinced me that Miraak *is* the Sharmat, you've just basically told me to see it on my own multiple times.
I actually *wanted* to be comfortable enough to adopt your theory, but whatever thanks for tying I guess. Hope you do an actual write-up at some point.
Were there no Wildlings fighting in the season trailer? I swear there were...
Ah, but I have been studying the moons for quite a while! In fact, I have been working on a calendar to better understand their effect on your people.
I don't think so, but he's got a whole island of dragon glass .
Because I think it's safe to assume they have penises and vaginas considering all of their other traits lol
If you have a problem with that then you're going to have a bad time on this sub.
You're unwillingness to change is what's dooming the world.
You're only solution is "stop breeding" and you're a fool if you think that's going to happen to the world anytime soon. This would use less land, energy, resources and death than currently, but you don't even want to take the time to *consider* it because you've apparently got it all figured out on your own.
Because he acts very suspicious at the mention of Jon.
My last name is flowers in a different language, dickbutt :p
The Triune don't seem to backstab each other either despite what their spheres are all about.
*Triune*, not the Tribunal.
Good thing I was in LA when it was nice, shit. edit: how the hell can you bitches down vote something that *actually* happened and you have no knowledge of? I used uber like 4 times in LA earlier this year and I don't think it ever cost more than $30 total.
5 months ago?
Stan's camp *was* on fire for the season trailer...
What other connections could be made with Beowulf?
Davos
Hey, I was thinking this the other day! I think they'll all have such pivotal roles and make so many hard &amp; personal choices that multiple people could be Azor Ahai, or hell even all of 'em at once.
Him pushing Bran *had* to happen because nearly dying and disability allowed him to become the way he is. The world needs Bran, so that makes Jaime a bro 3 times, ultimate bro.
I think you're on to something.
Well, we know *someone's* not gonna like Danny coming over...
It's the only thing that *truly* kills them.
It was definitely distracting for me, but I tried to not let it affect things.
I heard that isn't true.
Your baby sam point is pretty moot considering both Tommen and Myrcella aged like... 4-5 years since season 3
I know she's 14, but this is a show and can't be as realistic. Tommen got fucked and Myrcella had a makeout session this season and it's understandable why they'd bump up their age. They didn't want to show a 14 year old getting raped the first episode because no one wants to see that and so *ta-da* Daenerys is 6 years older in the show, and Jon, and Robb, etc. Even the adults are older in the show. Baby Sam is still a baby because they don't need to deal with a toddler right now. Just be patient.
Then Roose dies and Ramsay becomes king of the Dreadfort.
Maybe they thought it was ~~silly~~ stupid for a girl who was just forced into a marriage she didn't want by her brother to be all up for Drogo's dick just because he's "sexy" :p I don't even know if I'd say Sansa is even that young in the show now. It's been at least 3 years since the beginning and she was already 14-15 there.
What the hell are you talking about? Mel warned Stannis she had to be there, but Davos convinced him not to let her go, and well, you know the result.
Pretty sure next season is gonna be a lot of "guess what happened with a bunch of other people too" recap kinda stuff.
[Well...](https://www.reddit.com/r/teslore/comments/2oy43m/a_theory_on_vulthuryol_the_dov_in_blackreach/)
[*ehem*](https://www.reddit.com/r/teslore/comments/2oy43m/a_theory_on_vulthuryol_the_dov_in_blackreach/)
Yeah unless he's been shooting out kids since he was like 9
Nobody understands the zombie threat until they see it, except Mel and Stan.
Good.
They're Anu and Padomay /s
Everyone who was paying attention got it... This show is fast and the scripts have more meaning than dialect. People shouldn't be watching if they can't fully commit in the moment.
Why should we judge him for incest? Just because you think it's gross doesn't mean that it's damnable, especially since him and his sister have been consenting to it for at least a couple decades.
Don't hate him at all, if he didn't do that Bran would have probably never developed into the super-warg messiah that he'll be.
a wolf-shaped cookie
GRRM's already stated how he would end everything: &gt;snow being driven by the wind across a vast graveyard full of tombstones.
didn't see the italics, my bad.
&gt; but there is no reason in eating anybody, they just could burn them. Why waste food is the reason. Not a ton of it that far North.
No one said the Lord of Light was "good". In fact, Him and the Great Other are pure neutral. They are forces of nature bigger than anything and they don't "need" morals. I'm sorry if this series isn't all rainbows and sunshine like you want it to be, but neither is the real world and that's GRRM's point to all of this.
It got my gf *really* worked up hahaha
It's definitely the way I see things now. Since the world pretty much ends at Tamriel (besides Oblivion and what-not) it ought to feel grand. A big ass scale also gives a lot more freedom for worldbuilding too :)
*From only one perspective* aka the whole purpose of the universe of ASOIAF. There is no right or wrong, just actions and consequences.
Oh shit there were 3 being burned that night. Rhaego, Drogo, and the witch. 3 deaths, 3 dragons. Lord of Light be pleased.
Breeding with 1st cousins doesn't really effect anything badly. It's when you start breeding with immediate family (siblings, parents, children) that the odds of something bad go way up.
What was it?
Like like Ramsay *more* than Joffrey?? Absurd!
Goofy ass elephant feet lol
We don't know that other serious questions weren't asked. I asked some *real* good ones for on elf the Q&amp;A and didn't get diddly squat back. They can't always reveal certain things.
That's what his wiki said last I looked a couple years ago!
*Acting*?
Nah dude that was hot. Bronn *needs* the bad pussy ;)
You're only getting down voted by those who want to jerk. edit: point made edit 2: he was at - 2 when I made the comment
Yeah she wants to fuck him.
When are people going to stop whining about the show not being a 1:1 interpretation with the books? Brienne is somewhere else, big deal. Stannis is a pure fanatic seeing the error of his ways, opening up a redemption arc. Danaerys dropped a ring in the middle of a circle of dozens and dozens of horses that would surely leave a long lasting ring of dead grass and dirt on the ground not too far from a patch of burned land and animal bones. Is having one clue next to so many obvious others *that bad?* No.
&gt;High horse? Because I don't like Brienne the Half-Wit and her dancing monologues I'm on a high horse? Yes. All you're doing is whining about all the undeserved screentime/plot and shitting on her fans all because you don't like her. Dismount.
I love you too, Internet Stranger.
Seriously. "The way she let him know she was receptive to dick was so bad!!" Umm yeah telling people you're dtf usually comes out in intelligent, well formed sentences in the real world /s. Come on, people :p
Or Jon who's failed so many lives on either side of the wall, or Danaerys who's failed in her struggle to rule half a dozen times, or Jorah, or Sansa, etc etc. This show is *all* about failures and their ability to either 1) roll with the punches or 2) die.
I think it starts to become a circle jerk when a new post is made on it every other day. Hearing everyone complain is what has become tiresome, at least to me.
&gt; Let people be entitled to their opinions.
Oh it is, but I'm just assuming that's why.
betrayal is quite *salty*, yes? ;)
Wasn't Nissa's death a *willing* sacrifice on her part and not a murder?
I can't remember, but it's probably a Modest Mouse line.
You know games but you don't understand game *development*. This shit ain't easy or glamorous. No need to be salty towards Apple because it's just hands down so much easier to develop for the IOS.
Codependency? &gt;Codependent relationships are a type of dysfunctional helping relationship where one person supports or enables another person's addiction, poor mental health, immaturity, irresponsibility, or under-achievement. All of those sound like Sheo traits tbh.
&gt; I would rather give them the benefit of a doubt and not accuse them of incompetence. Are you sure about that, because you haven't done that *at all*. I wanna play it too, but I'm not throwing such a temper tantrum about it. It'll be out when it's good and ready.
They could've just shifted the orders of things around. Jaime could be doing stuff in the Riverlands just as Walkers start coming past the Wall or something.
Bethesda isn't really known for having the best upper management or work conditions though, which could definitely be effecting things.
Yeah, Ramsay's only weakness is his adoration of his father.
Books ≠ show, so we'll just have to wait and see if D&amp;D actually *want* to give him warg powers. Maybe they were just waiting for this moment to start giving him warg abilities.
They talked about Lyana and Rhaegar both and their relationship more than once this season, and then there's all the lore animated shorts that come with the box sets. It's coming, but they don't want to *totally* make viewers expect it.
That's really cool, but like I said *we'll see* when it comes to D&amp;D. Downvoting isn't changing the fact that Bran is the *only* Stark warg on the show. Have you guys not been paying attention?
Certainly fucked up some patrons of Jurassic World...
Why do people hate that so much? It's either that or just *magic*, and I don't have a problem with either.
You converted me, bud!
Could've been Wee Man /s
I like you.
No reason why they can't just show the actual beheading in the very 1st scene of the next episode. They just wanted cliffhangers for the ending.
I don't really think Pokémon have sex. IMHO, Pokémon are more akin to kami or energy beings, and making an egg is probably just the parents coming together and combining their spiritual energy on a focused point that gets bigger until it's a complete egg. Or something.
I never talked about insertion.
Because why the hell would energy beings need literal sex in the first place?
&gt;you literally have nothing to go on There's an interview with Bran's actor where the lady asks if he'll warg a dragon and the poor boy couldn't lie his way out of a paper bag, plus you know the whole "you will fly" thing. Besides, dragons weren't even around the last time The Others showed up, the Children of the Forest had to defeat them on their own.
In Lyanna's eyes though Bobby B was just some NiceGuy who got her dad to say yes because he was bros with her bros so she ran away because she wasn't feeling the arranged marriage life then he went all postal and killed her bf and his family.
I think I only know because of this sub, so I'm not really sure.
My feet are flat as fuck, can we meet in the middle?
I read the book my senior year but I forgot pretty much everything but the basic plot :(
