Manteca, bigotes, gigante, pequeño, la cabeza es nieve, cerveza es bueno.
Thats not fair, almost everyone says "us" when referring to their team.
IS THAT A WATER JOKE OR A HYGIENE JOKE? BECAUSE EITHER WAY FUCK YOU BRO
JOKES ON YOU. I'M SO USED TO SEEING THE DODGERS LOSE TO THE CARDS IT DOESN'T MAKE ME SAD ANYMORE .
NO YOU HAD IT RIGHT THE FIRST TIME
I don't think winning one for Cleveland would really mean that much to people outside of Cleveland. I mean the reason why it's seen as special to a national audience is because the city has had such a long drought, but if they won, the legend of the curse would dissappear and people would go to treating Cleveland like any other sports city. I'm sure he would instantly be hailed as the greatest Cleveland athlete ever, but in regards to pretty much anyone else it would just be another championship a year or so after it happens.
Yeah I agree. Callapso is straight garbage and should be DFAed as soon as possible. I don't even see the sense in giving him At-bats when we have Guerrero who can play 3rd and has been a fantastic hitter so far this season. I feel so bad for our pitchers when they go and see that this is the kind of lineup that is supposed to help them.
This is all Mattingly. For some reason the FO blindly trusts him.
Thats true but he continues to play them over better players though. No roster is gonna be perfect, it's how mangers utilize the best players they are given that determines how successful they are. Unfortunately, Mattingly is pretty bad at that.
Well his worst games against you guys came in the playoffs on national TV when everyone was watching. And that's probably the only time many people have seen Kershaw pitch against the Cards, so they base their opinions around that.
His sample size in the postseason is small enough where it's fair to assume there are some anomalies. I feel given more opportunities in the playoffs his overall stats will start to even out and go more towards his normal numbers.
I just looked and he actually had 2 really bad games in the playoffs against you guys, I completely forgot he gave 8 runs in the first game of the NLDS last year. So I stand corrected haha
He said he hated how he demanded to be paid like a top end WR when he didn't show up in big games, not that he got 16 TDs in the regular season. You can hate a player who produces good.
That's fair, I'm not saying Brees is the undisputed best playoff QB. I just feel he gets a bad rap in the playoffs usually because of how unsuccessful we've been outside of 2009, when it's really our defense that's let us down.
definitely agree Romo is a much better QB now, and he's playing at an elite level that he certainly wasn't at before. If we didn't have Brees I would love to have Romo.
Well he's an Angels fan so I'm sure he'll miss Rodney's blown saves haha
The Bashtros have arrived
All you need to know is: 1.Fuck the Giants and 2. Fuck the Cardinals
Ok......http://i.imgur.com/wF5GwnA.gifv
Well the Bullpen has been a lot worse recently, so our BP ERA is gonna keep climbing if the trend continues.
&gt;Trout is gonna look good in a Yankee uniform in 15 years. FTFY
Yeah that's true haha
Because one Dodger fans rankings represent all of us haha
Brees was never on the block, those reports had no real evidence except that "Graham got traded so maybe Brees could too". We have no one who could play at even 1/10 the level of Brees so it wouldn't make any sense to trade him. People just wanted clicks so they made articles about it.
I find it so funny and enjoyable that I can't even be mad about it
I agree. If they would have won the NCG I think many people would have considered them a top 5 all-time team. Their schedule was absolutely ridiculous and they crushed every team they played except Bama.
I hope Joc is part of it too
I think Vogelsong will get kicked out of the rotation over Heston. The kid has been awesome this season while Vogelsong has been medicore
I respond to a comment. Again.
You succeed at karma whoring. Again.
Damn I really love that show, I should go watch it. Again.
So I graduated yesterday, and I just looked at my yearbook with all the signatures in it this morning. This girl I used to be super close to and who I was bascially in love with during my sophomore year, wrote that she had a big crush on ME sophomore year. I don't really know how I feel about that haha
Stanton won't even be a FA by 2020. I don't know how they figure on getting him.
I hope you are being sarcastic haha
Cashner or Ross for the last pitching spot maybe?
Saints legend Kevin Williams
Yeah the D-Back have actually won a world series this century, unlike some teams.........
Yeah that wasn't Donnie's fault at all, he did all the right things IMO
That sounds completely fair Lol
http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/f.gif
The Jocpocalapse is upon us
SD just had a blackout
Yeah I'd rather have Harper or Frasier if I got to pick.
This is fucking hilarious and awesome at the same time
Yeah but Cano has been one of the best players in the game for a long time. I wouldn't veto the trade since it's a little understandable given the way the two are playing, but I think Cano's ceiling and floor are way better than Panik's.
The trade is ok, but I'm just saying it's a little early to say Cano is done. When he is on a hot streak he is 10x better than Panik. I think Panik's avg. will be good for the rest of the year but his power looks a little flukey.
True, but this is a huge step in the right direction. I am very happy that this was the decision that the court came to.
I hear George's answering machine song everytime I see that gif. https://youtu.be/yg-TqEFYcfM
So your saying he's better than Jordan?
This pretty much sums up what most people think hacking is
Obviously a SS has a harder job, but to go 393 straight games without an error, no matter the position, is impressive as hell. I mean it's an MLB record so it seems like it's not an easy thing to do.
I'd put Wun Wun as the center
We needed to give him that contract because he was bascially our entire pass rush. I don't think people really though he would do something stupid like this.
I wasn't sure how those worked out but that sucks, I feel like going to jail for a serious crime should void contracts.
We have lost every series we've had with teams above .500 and on top of that, we are like 2-14 against the Giants and Cardinals this season. It's hard to have faith when I see those numbers.
How would tanking bring a winning mentality into the clubhouse? We should try to do as good as we can this year and just replace Don in the offseason.
Damn that was savage
How is 7 games above .500 "within the .500 range"? I agree we should be better but we are not a .500 team by any definition besides your own.
I think Joe Buck is awful but I upvoted you regardless for being brave haha
Agreed, I respect him as a baseball player but I really dislike Curt Schilling off the field.
Why don't you think Kershaw can keep up his dominance? All his numbers this year besides ERA and BABIP show that's he's having a year just like his last 3 if not better. I don't see any reason why he can't keep up being super elite. Also he's only 27, so theoretically he should be entering his prime.
Nah you guys are stuck facing them for the next 10+ years :)
If he's healthy he will be a massive upgrade to their passing game. I don't think he will put up the numbers he did in NOLA but I can see a 1000 yrd/ 15 TD season for him.
He good.
I didn't realize they did that for Grenkie, I just saw the one for Kershaw.
LA is the Boulevard of broken arms
We are barely past the halfway point of the season. Grenkie could blow up in the second half and make this comparison a joke.
As a LSU fan I am beyond hyped for Simmons.
The Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim
Defiently the Timberwolves. Watching that team grow up would be really fun.
Dark Horse: AD and Demarcus Cousins. Both play each other really hard, Cousins seems to have the upper hand when they play but it's entertaining as hell.
No that's Danny Etling. Harris was a freshman on our team last year.
What about AD's fumbles? Are you going to blame those on illegal hits too?
I wish the Panthers had some sort of scandal that we could joke about, you guys are too nice.....
Kind of figured, this NFCG will always be controversial. I never mention it whenever I talk about my memories of the 2009 season because it always brings out fiery and angry responses.
Wow I completely forgot about him. Although I don't think it's fair to criticize the Panthers for that because there's no way you guys knew he would have someone murdered, while Bountygate and the Falcons fake noise were both known and covered up by the franchises.
Nah that was the Ravens I think. But we were certainly up there.
The White Sox summary is my favorite. For some reason I laughed really hard when I saw it.
You can't blame Orbit, he was just thinking about the 2017 Astros.
There's no way this is Hinkie, I didn't see anything about 2nd round picks in this post.
No, because that team would have literally no depth. Plus, Kobe has been a little injury prone lately so it would likely be just LA and DC for parts of the season.
That O-line is legitimately shitty at pass protection, and no QB could change that. Manning would do better that most pocket QBs but even he would take brutal hits every now and then.
What a shock Lol
Talk about distractions. That would be the death of any player who loves to party.
I forgot he actually played with you guys, my bad
He actually predicted he would throw one too IIRC
This is why some people want Robot Umps
Yeah, especially his 38 point 7 assist game. That was absolutely crazy.
Yeah they are primarily PFs, Asik is the Pelicans center so I don't know what he's talking about.
Every once in a while a rookie will legitimately be good his rookie year like KD.
Wright hasn't been the same player even when he played, he's likely done being elite. I can see the Votto argument though, he's a really good player.
Harvey honestly, but I love Degrom
Yeah that was a really tough decision for me. I love Mauer but he's definitely nowhere near the levels he used to be at and he's not a catcher anymore which played into his fame. Now he's just a light hitting 1st baseman who's not even top 15 at his position. While Dozier is starting to gain traction as a star.
Curry had serious injury concerns just a couple years ago. The Warriors would be kicking themselves if they traded him on the premise that "he won't be healthy ever since he has an injury history." Jrue could never miss another game in his career for all we know.
He fell that far because he had to sit out at least a year and there was concern that he wouldn't have same explosiveness that he had in college due to his ACL tear. Another reason we werent going to take him was that his playing style was seen as similar to AD's, so it made little sense to get him when we desperately needed a good PG to run our offense. Noel was never gonna be a Pelican.
Thanks you too, I want to keep seeing Ole Miss get good recruits and stay relevant because they are the only team that has figured out a way to beat Bama Lol
No problem, it is new years eve Lol
Has Peat really showed that much? I know the other 3 have (also I think Breaux counts as a rookie too)
I think injuries and not having the right personnel to run Gentry's new system is what led to Davis having mediocre games in the beginning of this season. He's been a lot better lately now that he has most of his teammates healthy again, and I don't think that's a coincidence. I love Green as a player but he's not really a focal point type guy (not trying to insult him, his game just works better by playing off of others) so I personally would take Davis over him. Davis can deal with being the single focus of a defensive game plan and still put up elite numbers (although his efficiency takes a decent hit without other decent players to help him a little) whereas I think Green benefits from having Curry and Thompson get a lot of attention from defenses. Not to mention the Warriors have been extremely lucky health wise these past couple seasons while the Pelicans have had awful injury luck so that does play a part in their stats. Green is definitely a top 20 or top 15 player but Davis is top 10 or top 5.
Brees AND Farve both had noticeably better statistical seasons than him in 2009 and both had playoff teams. The Saints went 13-3 while the Colts were 14-2, so its not like the Colts had a much better record either. Payton didn't deserve the MVP that season
