That one isn't that good, but considering your budget you will have to get lucky to find something better, $100 is not a crazy price for that bike by any means. But you do see nicer bikes being sold for the same amount by owners that don't realise they could get more. Ways to tell this was a bottom of the range bike: Shifters on Stem - All decent quality bikes of this era have the shifters mounted on the downtube Cottered cranks with chainguard - Good quality road bikes of the era (and today) don't come with a chainguard and use a different, more reliable system to attach the cranks. Metal dork disc (the metal disc next to the sprockets) - most better quality bikes of the era don't have a dork disc. General finishing quality of parts - The brake callipers and rear derailleur look cheap and poorly finished compared to what you would see on a more expensive bike. Would also say to go for bikes with modern 700c wheels rather than 27inch, as they will be slightly more recent and have more compatibility with modern parts This is the case for all 70s/80s road bikes, not just Japanese ones
Main principles are to stay loose and anticipate obstacles as /u/MuchUpTimeHours suggests, beginners often ride 'dead sailor' or stiff/locked out arms and legs, hitting stuff like a sack of potatoes. Doing some riding offroad would improve your technique and help teach the importance of weight distribution on the bike.
http://nashville.craigslist.org/bik/5040137405.html - this bike would likely be a good candidate, but it depends how tall you are. You would have to be very tall for the Trek to be worth considering.
&gt;It has been happening a lot lately. So who has been truing the wheels? That's the big question. &gt;I'm not sure if I should buy new rims/tires or save the cash for a new bike. Well that depends, do you like the bike? It's not a bike I would have recommended to anyone back then or now and it was about the very bottom of the Trek range. Whatever, it's not worth spending $150 on new wheels. But cheaper 26" mountain bike wheels are the sort of thing you'd be crazy to buy new, it's the fare of skips/recycle centres/garage sales/Craigslist for a few bucks.
Don't search, just browse/filter in the right category. Searching doesn't work because most people have no idea what they are selling.
There are organisations, the Cats Protection League in particular, which will pay for vets bills for the poorly off and especially for cats which have been adopted/rescued. She would likely not have to pay for any vet bills if she applied for help via them - I know people far better off who had bills paid for by the CPL because they rescued or adopted a cat. If you're talking purebred cats that have genetic disorders, need grooming and special feed etc, or indoors only cats that need litter and toys, it's a different story, but for a regular rescue moggy that shits outside you're talking about $5 a week for budget food. What is there that's better value for kids?
&gt;I don't know the slightest thing about cars &gt;I'm really keen on getting this Honda Fit 2002 Why? Maybe you would benefit from more general help with your car search. I should explain that it strikes me as confusing that you are really keen on a particular car when you claim to know nothing about cars.
If you are 5'2 that bike is far, far too big, it would be more suited to someone over a foot taller. You need to look for frames that are much smaller. The other bike I recommended would be a lot better but possibly even that would be on the big side. You are pretty much looking at getting the smallest frame sizes made (46cm or less/14inch or less/XS or smaller) depending on sizing system
Sure, though I mean it seems strange for them to be really keen on any particular car, I'm not saying anything about the Honda Fit. It makes me wonder if it's a rare colour like pink or bright yellow or something like that and that is why they are keen.
Because it's a free 'build your own website with no techical skills' site
I've read your post about five times and I'm a bit confused by how you think we would be able to tell you anything useful, based on the information you told us.
Well it's really hard to say anything much without linking to the bike - you can only use your own judgement on it's condition, value, chances of it being stolen etc. Though I understand your reluctance to. But getting a higher in the range bike for less money is great even if it is used - it's just I couldn't say "sounds awesome, go for it" because it might be stolen or have other red flags that can't be picked up on without seeing the listing. If the seller was willing to let you get the bike checked out at a shop chances are it's fine, if they were hiding a problem with it they would probably say no. If you go to the shop I would probably just ask for a safety check/inspection and not say that you are potentially buying the bike unless asked, because it's in their interest then to find problems with it and steer you onto buying a new bike with them. With regards to test riding, that's more important if you're test riding for fit/sizing or test riding for which bike is the best. If you are sure on fit and sizing, a $2200 bike will ride better just about for sure. Worst case you end up having to buy new contact points like saddle/handlebars/stem to adjust things, but you're saving enough that shouldn't matter.
I think it's because it's so poorly put together. The article is written in a way that it only makes sense to regular readers of that site/who are part of that scene and getting up to speed requires hours of reading and looking stuff up on google. From a context like Reddit it makes no sense without detailed background info that the OP struggled to, but couldn't express in the post title. A lot of online drama scandals/stories fall into this category nowadays and only takes off when someone from a site like arstechnica takes the time to put it together in a way that people from outside the scene or with less than infinite free time can understand.
Yeah something seems off. The cost of bike to cost of lock ratio is too far skewed and it is so carelessly locked up - it would be scratched up in no time. Could be a recently stolen bike locked up by it's thief, what you suggest, or OP setup
Fuck off with your amateur link-building campaign. Onyourbike sucks.
It is far too big for you. The bike is suited to someone a good six inches taller than you. To the point even with the seat at the lowest height like it is now it may be too high - do you stuggle to reach the bottom of the pedal stroke or do your hips wobble from side to side while pedaling? - if so it's worse than it just being the wrong size, you are rising injuring yourself from constantly overextending muscles and joints. If not, then sure you can ride it, but if you have to dismount on uneven ground or in a hurry you're going to bang your nuts on the top tube (if you're a guy) for sure, and are probably going to have a few crashes where you 'surf the top tube', rolling along slipped off the saddle on your nuts unable to reach the floor with your feet. You should just sell this bike and buy one the correct size. Not to mention that a bike that much too big for you is also going to be too long/stretched out. It may seem like I'm being mean/raining on your parade, it's great that you're biking and that's not a bad bike apart from the wrong size - but seriously, you should seek a properly sized bike asap. I wouldn't like to ride a bike that wrongly proportioned as someone who has been a serious cyclist for 20 years, let alone as a beginner. It also looks like your handlebars may be badly adjusted (height, angle and angle of the brake levers), but it's hard to tell for sure as the wheel is turned in the photo. That should be easier to fix in the short term - compare your setup with that of other bikes.
&gt;proven beneficial Caffeine has a huge number of links with anxiety and other mental disorders. From [Smith BD, Gupta U, Gupta BS. Caffeine and activation theory: effects on health and behavior. ](http://apt.rcpsych.org/content/11/6/432.full) Excessive ingestion leads to a state of intoxication known as caffeinism, which is characterised by restlessness, agitation, excitement, rambling thought and speech, and insomnia. These symptoms clearly overlap with those of many psychiatric disorders. The potential harmful effects of caffeine have long been recognised. ... Four caffeine-related syndromes are recognised in DSM–IV (American Psychiatric Association, 1994): caffeine intoxication; caffeine-induced anxiety disorder; caffeine-induced sleep disorder; and caffeine-related disorder not otherwise specified. ... Caffeine has a number of adverse effects on the gastrointestinal tract. ... Withdrawal symptoms have been reported in both humans and animals (Schuh &amp; Griffiths, 1997; Griffiths &amp; Woodson, 1998). Well-recognised symptoms include headache, irritability, sleeplessness, confusion, nausea, anxiety, restlessness and tremor, palpitations and raised blood pressure (Finnegan, 2003). They typically start slowly, are at their worst at 1–2 days, and recede within a few days. They are rapidly relieved by intake of caffeine, suggesting that they are genuine withdrawal symptoms. ... Caffeine appears to prime reward-relevant dopaminergic circuits implicated in cocaine misuse, and has been found to reinstate extinguished cocaine-taking behaviour in rats (Worley et al, 1994). ... Among adult psychiatric patients in the USA, a significant number have been found to use large amounts of caffeine (750 mg or more per day); such individuals have higher levels of both anxiety and depression than those who consume less
What kind of adapter have you heard you would need? That doesn't sound right. &gt;all the info I can find seems to be a couple years old. That's really not relevant, the technology involved hasn't changed for 30 years. Bar ends were very common in the 90s, on almost every mountain bike bike, nowadays I only seen people using them for cycle touring. If you have any kind of local community of cyclists (e.g. subreddit/facebook page) I would just make a post and ask if anyone has any spare bar ends at the back of a cupboard. Note I am not suggesting your friends are wrong or bar ends are bad, I fitted a pair when I went cycle touring earlier this year. They got less popular mostly because mountain bike fashion changed.
A lot faster than most natural stalactites, but the very fastest natural ones (3mm a year) would probably be similar based on how long these are and how long the plant has been abandoned
For me it's like this: Most expensive: Some of the less-well-known brands that make upmarket/boutique commuting bikes, often in Holland/Germany - especially stuff with belt drive, electric motor, IGH. Then there's the trendy bike brands making new bikes from steel like Surly and Linus Then there are the smaller premier brands from Europe and North America, e.g. BMC, Cervelo, Litespeed, Yeti, Pinarello, Colnago Next up is the top mainstream brands like Specialized and Trek Another bit better value are cheaper mainstream brands like Giant and Fuji Then at (at least on paper) the cheapest are the discount brands that Bikesdirect etc specialize in like KHS, Schwinn, Motobecane
You have no idea what you are talking about. My dog is eight and is fully toilet trained. She has a medical issue with bladder control when sleeping, which you might have picked up on if you'd bothered to read the whole of my post before replying
&gt; I did see that she has been abused in the past which makes me think she has probably been harshly disciplined for going to the bathroom in the house (which again could cause her to equate pee in the house with anger) No shit sherlock. That you decided to lecture me about that when I said she is no longer punished for this (and I am only assuming that's what the previous owner did because of her behaviour) to me either says you have poor reading comprehension or you're an asshole. It has been a lot of work over the last 7 years to put confidence back into the dog and it sucks when strangers judge because she is nervous.
As pointed out by /u/fraseyboy just get Pam's Choca, it's cheaper, tastes of chocolate, has less artificial shit in it and is actually Kiwi so the profits don't all go to Switzerland. To boot Nestle are [evil as fuck](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/1n194c/what_is_the_most_evil_corporation_in_the_world_in/ccehe8y)
&gt; He's a cop, not a paramedic. If the cops there have no training as first responders then it's a disgrace considering the job they do. Police should be competent in basic emergency medical care until paramedics arrive.
That's the size of the wheels :) The frame looks about 21" (edit - just noticed the seller measured it as 20") which should be sweet for you
The main reason for running 23s or narrower would be weight saving for an ultralight hillclimb bike or because bike shops almost never have 25s on special, only 23s (in my experience). But to be honest I don't think there's a huge difference between 23 and 25, the tire construction makes a bigger difference to rolling resistance and comfort.
For reference: A wheel is made up of a tire, a rim, spokes and a hub. The entire thing is a wheel, not a tire - **the tire is just the rubber part**. This is the same with cars and with any kind of wheel. &gt;622) 700x This means your wheels are 700c which is the standard size for all modern road bikes. Pretty much any other 700c road bike rear wheel will fit.
&gt;Even PETA says you can and should feed your dog Vegan. You realise they say that because of beliefs that animals shouldn't be killed for food, not because they are any authority on pet nutrition, right? It would be surprising if PETA said anything else. &gt;Long story short, it has been almost 10 years now, and my dog has the nicest teeth of any 10 year old, the vet told me, and until recently, has not been to the vet in over 3.5 years. Now that's what you call savings. /r/Frugal My dog of a similar age hasn't been to the vet except for one booster jab in 6 years, has no eating disorders, great teeth and glossy coat and is still often confused for a puppy. She eats cheap prepackaged dog food, canned or in rolls, sometimes biscuits, whatever is on special - a diet that most people in this sub would think wasn't good enough for their dog. The food she eats is certainly WAY cheaper than that Primal Petfoods you link to which to me seems the opposite of frugal. I'm not claiming that my dogs diet is the best - I'm saying that giving out nutritional advice based on experience with one dog is pretty unscientific
Can't really see the advantage to be honest. Only pro points I can see is that it is cleaner looking (though I'd debate that with this bike) and it's impossible to forget your light. Drawbacks: 1. Have to carry the weight of lights and batteries around all the time, even if it's not dark 2. Crash and break your normal light, or light stops working it's easy and quick to replace. I bet you would have to order replacement lights from overseas for lotsamoney. 3. New better light/battery technology comes out in 5 years, but you're stuck with old technology unless the bike maker releases an updated light
You would be nuts to spend that much on that bike. Like you said, you paid less than that for the bike originally. If you can't sort a cheap replacement for less than $50 then sell or donate the bike to someone who can and buy another bike. There are tons of people that have spare wheels gathering dust in cupboards that could go straight onto this bike. Cheap wheels sell all the time on Craigslist/eBay etc for $20-30 a pair, or you could probably get one for free from a local bike co-op. You don't need a special wheel for this bike. ANY rear wheel for a standard road/hybrid bike made in the last 20 years will fit. If you care that much about matching wheels just get a new bike that already has matching wheels. &gt;the rim should cost me 80-120 You mean the wheel, right? Rebuilding the wheel with a new rim would be even more nuts.
In what way? Just saying that with no reasons doesn't make it true and what I can see that is not the case at all, for the reasons in my previous post.
I would highly recommend those old Fujis with quad-butted tubing, the ride quality is fantastic. So comfortable on bumpy roads. Here is [mine](http://imgur.com/a/h3eLe) (which I have since mostly restored and plan to repost when finished), also a 1985. It's from a couple of models up in the range but I love it. Since that post I adjusted it so it fits me and I ride it quite a lot. I also own a 2010 carbon Trek with Ultegra, the Fuji is not quite as fast except on short sprints and is tougher on steep hills, but it feels just as much of a quality/performance bike to ride and is quieter and comfier on bumps/rough tarmac/offroad. The main disadvantage with an older bike is not having integrated shifters, but it's no biggy with a bit of practice. I'd say the bike is probably worth around $300 considering it's weight (23.4lb) but it depends a lot on your local market, some places crappy 30lb Schwinns with shiny paint are selling for close to that much, some places there are higher end bikes going for $300
Make sure you have a good ride position - you may want to swap a different stem or adjust the height of the stem. Also consider the bars - just flat bars isn't good for touring, you need a variety of hand positions. Easiest and cheapest option is to fit mountain bike bar end extensions (bar ends). Time trial style clip-on aero bars can also be an option depending on the fit of the bike (possibly combined with bar ends - this is my current touring setup), or get a new set of trekking style handlebars. Might be worth getting the rear wheel hand-tensioned by a wheelbuilder, little bit excessive considering the wheel is quite low-end but it will help avoid it coming out of true hitting bumps when the bike is fully loaded. This is not needed with the front wheel because it deals with less force - you usually have to crash to buckle the front - and because the rear wheel is inherently weaker on bikes with gears as it has to be built asymmetrically.
&gt;Presently, my preference goes to the first one as I have never cycles with a road handle bar and it seems very uncomfortable for my back. Well a lot of that is fitting, many people get bad experiences from being kids trying to ride a bike with drop bars that's too big for them. But for sure, more flexibility and core strength is needed with a road bike than a hybrid (or what they call 'flat bar road bike'). In general terms, hybrids are great for utility, for riding at a slower pace with lots of stops and starts. Road bikes are great for recreation, for riding at a faster pace with less stops and starts. So to ride to work in a city you're likely best off with a hybrid, to go for pleasure rides in country lanes you're best off with a road bike unless you feel you're not up to it physically. Many people make posts here after starting off with a hybrid and then moving up to a road bike when they feel they've outgrown the hybrid in terms of fitness and abilities (but maybe still keeping the hybrid to use around town).
My favorites, concentrating on individual spots - some stuff that's already suggested, and some of the parks are on routes like the Southern Walkway or Skyline Walkway already suggested, but are worth visiting separately to do a shorter loop walk. In the city: * Otari Bush * Central Park * Red Rocks * Trellisick Park * Wright's Hill * Tawatawa Reserve * Oruaiti reserve Further out: * Catchpool Valley/Orongorongo trails * Belmont regional park trails * Mt. Kaukau * Makara Beach Also would recommend trying mountain biking if you are moving here and like the outdoors, could add another list of spots to the above.
I wondered if it was related to size, it can be very hard when you are at one end of the sizing scale. Being forced to buy new, or spending weeks waiting for bikes the right size/price to come along is the price to pay unfortunately. One option would be to point out to the seller of the Fuji the bicyclebluebook price and offer them $150. It might not be as nice as the Trek but you'd save several hundred dollars and it's still an OK bike if in good condition. &gt;I didn't want to spend too much over $500, and everywhere else it seemed like everything my size was close to a grand. I would have expected similar bikes to the Trek 7 series from the other big brands to also come in small sizes (e.g. Giant Escape, Specialized Sirrus), though you'd have to check. All of those three bikes are regularly recommend to people on this sub and all are pretty similar bikes with similar ranges and prices. Also check out the Fuji Absolute, though again not sure about sizes it's available in. For other options used, all I can suggest is looking at eBay as well as Kijiji, maybe check out some pawn shops, look a bit further afield.
That looks like not a bad deal, even better if they took $125 or $100. You'd be looking at about $400 for something similar new. It's a comfort bike, which differs from a standard hybrid by having a very upright posture which puts all the weight on your butt, and suspension. I usually recommend them to more elderly/frail/overweight riders who would have trouble absorbing bumps with their arms and legs or putting any weight on their arms. Otherwise it is generally better to not have suspension unless you are mountain biking on rough terrain, it makes the bike heavier and the steering flexy, and a less upright position is better if you are riding any distance or riding for fitness. But your intentions would suit this bike, they are good for cruising around short distances in a lazy fashion, like a beach cruiser with gears. I've had a look at your Craigslist, http://twinfalls.craigslist.org/bik/5050885264.html looks ok if you fit on it (you didn't say how tall you are), better for $100 or less. http://twinfalls.craigslist.org/bik/5071865349.html is pretty similar to the Gary Fisher, a bit lower grade I think (hard to tell as the photo is so shit) but it's so much cheaper it would be worth checking out.
Yes the first one would for sure be too big then. It would probably be worth comparing the two similar bikes if you have the option to, the Gary Fisher is almost certainly better quality and you might decide is worth the extra.
I've heard of people in developing countries using chunks of wood as a botch replacement for busted bike shocks. I wouldn't scrap it, sure someone else would buy it to try and fix or just to hang on a wall.
&gt; also noticed the pots that they are in have a drain so the soil doesn't seem to hold the water. I'm not sure if this is beneficial or not in this situation. That's normal, if you don't have that the plant's roots rot, but it's also why you have to water plants regularly
It may well be worth the money but it is far too big, you need a much smaller bike. I'm 6'2 and ride that frame size. &gt;He said it would fit me Current owner clearly doesn't know much about bikes or they wouldn't have the handlebars/brake levers set up at such a bizarre wrist snapping angle. Most people selling bikes know almost nothing about them. It's more common for sellers to get the range of heights it will fit/size of the bike wrong than right - many inexperienced cyclists buy bikes that are too big for them, as if they are still a kid who is growing, and are never aware that they should be on a smaller bike. You are best off judging bikes size by eye rather than going by what the seller says. If you give me a link to the auction I could have had a look at other options on your CL
&gt;so they have to do everything well. Good wear, good protection- all without being too heavy. That would be nice. Choose a fast, light, supple, fast wearing tire (race tire), or a comparitively heavy, stiff, slow hard-wearing tire (training/commute tire), or a tire that is somewhere in the middle.
Well it depends on your definition of 'fairly well'. Many people choose to ride race tires like the GP4000s/GP4000s II all the time because they would rather have a fast, comfortable tire than one which lasts a long time and has good puncture resistance. But the GP4000s will wear out very quickly and be likely to get punctures compared to a commuting/training tire with hard compound and puncture protection strip like the Maxxis Refuse.
&gt; I wouldn't want to do a long ride on a non-road bike without swapping a lot of parts, which can get expensive quickly. I agree longer rides are nicer and average speed is higher with drop bars, but I would say that plenty of people tour on mountain bikes. If you have bar ends it's possible to vary hand positions. This summer I did a mixed on/off road tour here in NZ on a [rigid 90s MTB with rack mounts](http://i.imgur.com/82HhXXc.jpg) (not set up for touring in that pic), did a day 100km with 700m of climbing and another 60km offroad with similar vertical. Would happily tour on that bike again (my cheapest bike, I paid about $50 fixed up), even on tarmac, but I think bar ends are a must.
The main tip off that the Focus is a great bike other than clues from the picture that are harder to explain is that the seller says it has Shimano 600 (now called Ultegra) components, second from top of the range below Dura Ace. It's also easier to tell a good bike by it not looking like a cheap bike: http://houston.craigslist.org/bik/5068621268.html See how that bike has shifters mounted to the stem (instead of on the downtube or integrated in the brake levers), a big metal chainguard and metal 'dork disc' behind the rear sprockets? Those three things mean the bike is a cheap 'bike boom' 10 speed and is much lower quality. Here are some other options: http://houston.craigslist.org/bik/5065285957.html - looks ok http://houston.craigslist.org/bik/5043085519.html - looks good http://houston.craigslist.org/bik/5033456243.html - looks ok http://houston.craigslist.org/bik/5012624130.html - very nice http://houston.craigslist.org/bik/5007357909.html - looks good
You've picked out a decent bike there from Craigslist. It would be a better deal closer to $350 though, $425 is a bit pricey but they may listen to offers. I would prefer to have that Cannondale that either of the Bikesdirect bikes, it's a lot older but it's a higher quality bike that is still objectively a better bike. There are sure to be other options as /u/h20link says that may be better. Going with one of the BD bikes I would definitely choose the Motobecane, the design and geometry of the Windsor frame looks 'off' to me.
It's most likely just a case of getting your butt used to it and getting stronger legs. The stronger your legs are and the fitter you are the harder you push the pedals. The harder you push the pedals, the less of your weight is on the saddle. But it is mostly about toughening your butt. Having said that, saddles are a personal thing - it may be that the current saddle doesn't suit your butt. Some bike shops have demo saddles that you can borrow to try out, otherwise riding other people's bikes or just trial and error. I would give it a few weeks of regular rides before deciding the saddle is the problem though. What I wouldn't do is go out and buy some kind of armchair padded saddle the opposite of the current one as a first recourse - they are comfy when you are sitting still on the bike, but pedaling causes chafing. Another point worth mentioning, with your current setup the bars look very high compared to the saddle, normally with road bikes the bars are set up lower - having the bars higher takes weight off your arms and transfers more onto your butt.
According to Solberg they were in full control of the car and just looking to rejoin the road, but had so much vines covering the windshield they didn't realise they'd reached it and crossed it already, and then didn't see the powerpole at all. As I remember he got told off and there was a debacle with local landowners talking about the rally not being held there again because of all the damage to vines (he wasn't the only driver to crash into them)
&gt;Even when I adjusted the brakes toe it still runs constantly, I think the fork is bent. Might be that the rubber on the pads has perished/formed a hard surface layer, the brakes are cheap enough they have flexy arms, or just bad luck. I have seen brakes that are near impossible to cure of squeals because they have flexy arms. Maybe try using some coarse sandpaper on the surface of the pads and see if it helps. &gt;to get an even higher quality bike at that price it would have to be in almost as bad condition as mine wouldn't it? Nope, it sounds like your bike is worth about $50 in current condition, so $200 could get you something a lot nicer (used), but you will be looking at older bikes from the 80s to mid 90s to get something decent quality/reliable. Check out /r/whichbike - see the sidebar and maybe make a post there with a link to your local Craigslist and people will give you recommendations on bikes to look at. $200 on a new bike would be just throwing money away, it will last even less time than your current bike.
Looks like there's not many options right now in your size, there's a whole bunch of 54cm and some very small frames in the 40s but no 48-52. 54 would probably be a bit too big to be comfortable, but this bike looks awesome for the price https://newyork.craigslist.org/mnh/bik/5076157788.html https://newyork.craigslist.org/mnh/bik/5040643994.html - similar to above but not quite as nice This bike is very small but you could try it https://newyork.craigslist.org/mnh/bik/5068804133.html Maybe wait for a week, chances are it's just bad luck there's no bikes with 48-52 frame size at the moment.
That's a real bummer about your old frame. For $1100, unless you're talking just a frame you're going to struggle to find that kind of quality in a new bike. A new bike will have more speeds, be lighter etc for $1100, but it's not cheap to get that kind of ride quality from the frame. My recommendation would be to look at second hand bikes
The frame and basic kit on the Rockhopper Sport are OK but there are some definite drawbacks: * Suntour forks * Tektro brakes * 9 Speed Suntour and Tektro make cheap, low-end imitations of products from the leading brands - mainly Fox, Rock Shox and Marzocchi with forks, and mainly Shimano, SRAM/Avid and Formula with brakes. They just don't do as good a job in terms of reliability or performance, poor enough that it's a false economy - you can buy and plan to upgrade stuff later but it would have been much cheaper to buy a better bike to begin with, and the poor performance takes away from the fun factor. In my opinion 9 Speed is not that great considering you're spending $800, 10 speed bikes have been around for more than 10 years and the top of the range is 12 speed now. With this budget, unless you live somewhere remote I would highly recommend looking at used bikes. You can get an awesome bike used with 10 speed and forks and brakes from a leading brand for $800
Did you buy it? Would have been a very good deal by the looks of it
With the tires it's not the size I was talking about, it's the knobbly tread, you can get tires the same size or even bigger that are slick
I have bought pairs of almost new (taken off new bikes) tires from my local equivalent of eBay/Craigslist, you could keep an eye out for some and then sell yours for the same kind of price and it would basically be a swap.
'Casque' is an obscure word that specifically refers to a visorless helmet, in French it is more common and just means 'helmet', e.g the film Casque d'Or (Golden Helmet)
Read the past posts on /r/whichbike, this question is covered there regularly &gt; I've been told to watch for certain brands This is not very good advice imo. You have to judge a used bike by the quality of the frame and parts attached to it, not the sticker on it. Bikes are very different to cars.
&gt;This will sort of be my do-all bike... I'm doing weekly half-centuries and looking to train to do weekly centuries That's some intentions worthy of a decent bike/frame. This Nashbar frame is probably pretty good (if it is still made, it says it's unavailable and one of the reviews implied it wasn't being made anymore), but if you have $300 for a frame you should get the best you can afford. I would have a look for something lightweight with a high-end tubeset, or a second hand proven frame from a big brand like a CAAD 10. &gt;I'm too poor to afford having two road bikes in my quiver. If you have some spare time keep an eye out at garage sales, municipal recycle centres etc, you never know what you will come across. One of my best bikes I got for $15, and I went touring on a bike this summer I paid $22 for ($50 fixed up).
If you aren't mountain biking or BMXing you don't need something as burly as the V8s. 580 is heavy for pedals for sure, DMR make more expensive pedals that are lighter (MG body) and have better bearings (V12). Their top of the range pedal (the flatter and newer Vault body) weighs 290g - http://www.dmrbikes.com/products/pedals/vault-mg-superlight The Wellgo mg pedals are great if you don't mind a taller pedal and a classic. The Rockbros pedals don't look tough enough for proper mountain biking or BMXing but they look fine for general usage. For my mind if you are going to go mountain biking/BMXing and need a tough pedal the best price/performance/weight ratio is with nylon fibre composite pedals with metal pins like the Deity Components (I think there are even cheaper alternatives from Nukeproof if you don't care about colour)
That's only because they just make cheap bikes. Their bikes aren't any worse than other brands bikes at the same price
It depends a lot on the conditions - * Wind - the bigger the tailwind, the faster a road bike is because of tires. With a gale force headwind tires make almost no difference, but a road bike is still faster because it and it's rider are more aerodynamic * Steepness of grade - the steeper a hill is up or down, the less difference tires make. Very steep uphills almost all pedaling effort goes into overcoming gravity, and very steep downhills friction from tires is insignificant compared to acceleration from gravity and the rotational momentum of the wheels So on a flat road or gently uphill or downhill road with no wind or a tailwind, slick tires are significantly faster, in the mountains there is less of a difference. But another thing to consider is the impact of riding knobblies on the road on your wallet - tarmac is like sandpaper to soft compound tires and they will last a fraction of the time compared to keeping them just for offroad riding
There was a good post on this a couple of days ago: http://www.reddit.com/r/bicycling/comments/39wi2w/first_ever_road_bike_love_it_to_death_but_my_ass/ &gt;I must say every seat I take feels like a swift kick in the ass. It's good technique to watch the road for bumps ahead and prepare for them by putting weight off your butt and onto your legs just before you hit them. If you are riding with your saddle lower than it should be this would be a lot more difficult. Got a pic of the bike?
Looks to be properly set up/doesn't look like the wrong size bike or anything - pretty much what I said in that other thread plus the tip about being pre-emptive with bumps to absorb them with your legs
Originally posted this in /r/CampingandHiking: Had a really nasty time about 5 or 6 years ago, the TLDR is "Respect the short daylight and harsh conditions of winter in the mountains, especially solo". Was working in a bike hire shop in Queenstown NZ and borrowed a bike on my day off. Been a keen mountain biker since I was 12 but had got out of shape and also was suffering from post concussion syndrome at the time. Queenstown is inland in the mountains and is very cold in the winter by NZ standards. Have copied and pasted from an e-mail I wrote at the time it happened: I did a couple of short tracks close to town, and then rode up into the mountains. I rode for maybe an hour and a half on the road to a place called Moke Lake, where I had been before in my car. Starting there is a track called the Moonlight Track, which is about 15 or 20km long and goes around the back of the mountains behind Queenstown. The lake is just after a pass on the road up to it, and the track follows the stream flowing out of the lake downstream back to town. I had read that it takes 1-2 hours and I thought I had 2 hours. I did think it was a little bit risky but it was further to ride back the way I had come (though on good roads), and I figured the track would be all or nearly all downhill from there. I felt good when I started, but immediately dunked my feet ice water on the first ford 10 metres into the track. Should have turned back at that point. I didn't take enough food and no water, and I had already been riding for 2 or 3 hours. Had no backpack, only a light jacket and shorts After about 1 hour 30 mins I started feeling very, very weak and tired and I couldn't ride the bike up the hills, my legs were cramping and I had to keep stopping to catch my breath. It was much tougher than I thought it would be with much more climbing, and I had no energy at all. It kept climbing up the hillside to where there was snow and ice and then back to the valley bottom. After a landslip the path got very narrow and rocky compared to the previous 4wd tracks. Because I was so tired I couldn't ride the bike properly, and I fell off sideways down the mountainside about 6-7 metres. But I was lucky because I was OK, I didn't even get a bruise from it. I climbed back up to the path and kept going, but it was getting really dark and I realised I still had a long way to go, 5km at least. I was so tired I just wanted to lie down on the ground. I fell off the bike again and nearly fell 20 or 30m down a cliff and decided it wasn't safe to carry on, so I dropped the bike and carried on on foot. By this time the sun had set some time ago and it was getting very cold, probably -8 or -10c that high on the mountain, the wind picking up and I was getting very cold. I checked my phone and I had no reception. I carried on walking but I went onto a sheep trail instead of the proper trail because of the darkness. The path ended and there was a cliff in front of me. I was really, really cold, I was almost about to fall asleep, I just wanted to fall down and close my eyes. I checked my phone and I had reception, so I called the emergency services on 111, spoke to them briefly without being able to explain where I was (I kept just saying "there's a cliff" when they asked me to describe my location) other than the track. Suddenly the line drops, my phone battery ran out. It was almost pitch dark and I knew I had hypothermia and would not stay alive for much time if I stayed there, so I went round the cliff trying to find the path. After 15 minutes I found the path, but I was so weak I thought I was going to collapse. I forced myself to keep walking at a brisk pace, feeling like if I stopped moving I would cramp up and not be able to move again. I kept going for 30 mins or so, somehow crossed a frozen stream with icy covered boulders and saw a house 500m away. I was so relieved. I went and knocked on their front door, and they were very friendly and helpful. I was so cold I couldn't talk, I asked them if I could use their phone but they couldn't really understand what I said as my lips were so cold I couldn't move them to shape words. But they gave me hot drinks and dinner and called the emergency services for me to tell them I was OK. It took me 30 or 40 minutes to get warm. Then they took me into the police station to talk the police. The police said that I did all the right things, but that I was very, very lucky to be alive. They said I had late stage hypothermia and if I had stopped for any longer I would have collapsed, it was only finding the trail and keeping walk that kept me alive. I felt quite bad afterwards in the evening and this morning but I am OK now. This afternoon me and a friend went to pick up the bike from off the mountain. Edit: Picture of the valley I was coming down (the far side in this pic), taken in summer: http://wanderinginwellington.files.wordpress.com/2008/11/12-shotover-canyon-swing.jpg http://cdn.c.photoshelter.com/img-get/I00007yZKOGbyTq8/s/640/500/ - Moke lake in winter
I wouldn't pay much attention to what your friend thinks about bikes based on this, fully agree with /u/zootam that there's nothing to suggest it's stolen.
Test ride and decide, or wait and keep checking Craigslist, check eBay too
That's an OK price for that bike I would say, though I'm not familiar with second hand market in the Balkans. If it was for sale for that price in US or UK it would be pretty standard asking price second hand. So it looks good, it's not a crazy bargain but it's not overpriced either, and would be a WAY better bike than what you can get new for 300 euro.
Other materials also have a raw state, and aerospace metals in their raw state (e.g. sheet/bar stock) can be very expensive and make that CF look cheap. Other materials can also very expensive to work with. For example it is cheaper to make something like a bicycle frame out of carbon fibre than titanium or stainless steel because the cost of working with those materials (cutting and welding) is comparable or greater than costs involved in laying up carbon.
The Cube has better forks and probably better brakes, and is 9 speed rather than 8 speed so I'd agree it's probably worth the extra money. TIL about the currency you use in Bosnia :)
There are two ways you can put the chain into many tools, one is for breaking the chain and one is for spreading links apart that are too tight. I once made the mistake of confusing them. My experience with chain tools is every one I've bought has either been junk and plain not worked (first cheap off brand one I bought) or broken after a while (two branded ones, last one was a Topeak). Though usually on old bikes that have had the same chain on for years. I think it's a tool where quality really matters and I plan on going a bit more upmarket next time. In my experience bike shops usually use Park Tools stuff.
Middle of the winter here in Wellington, 14c/57f max, 6c/43f min. Will be a pretty cold night, 14 is pretty standard maximum but 6 is colder than it usually gets, quite often in the winter its only a degree or so colder at night than in the day. Sounds fairly warm but there's always humid sea air and often windy (it competes with Ushaia in Tierra Del Fuego as the world's windiest city) so it often feels a lot colder.
A few cars that used the same engine did though like the Galant VR4 and the Evos
The main thing when buying a bike is to get one the right size. Those two bikes are different sizes. If you were tall enough for the Sirrus, the Allez would probably be too small for you and vice versa. How tall are you? I don't know what to make of that Allez, it looks legit in terms of components (I'd guess it's about a 2005), but not sure why the frame is painted over. It is overpriced. The Sirrus on the other hand looks good and is more realistically priced. It is much older but a higher quality bike. I disagree with /u/pillowdown about the saddle, it looks like a crap saddle but it's actually a good quality vintage racing saddle, and the tires may not be the best choice but they are OK for some kinds of riding. The bike /u/pillowdown found looks like a great deal if it is the right size for you
I mostly agree with what you say apart from about the saddle, that isn't the junk saddle it appears at first glance, they're actually very comfortable and were used in the peloton back in the day. I have read of people who prefer that particular saddle to anything else.
It looks like you've underthought things to me. Do you want a road bike or a time trial bike? You need to work that out before you look at individual bikes.
Holy shit, can you send some of that weather over, it's 6 degrees here. &gt;Well I would like something around 500 US, the thing is that since I'm in Colombia prices are going to be way higher than in stores. If you were spending that much in the US I would say you would get a much better bike or could save money by going second hand and it would be even more so there - are there any second hand listings/auction websites in Colombia? Or second hand bike shops? &gt;Riding Conditions: I would mostly ride in the roads (Pavement), but I want a bike that I can jump ledges, take on holes, have good suspension. The riding would be mostly flat whit some moderate hills. Traffic sometimes heavy sometimes alright, not very respectful towards bikers (no bike lane). It sounds like you would be best with a mountain bike. It would be good to fit some slick (road) tires to it or buy one that has already be converted for the street if buying second hand. Knobbly tires are much slower and making getting around more hard work to go the same speed. Anything except a mountain bike isn't really strong enough to cope with jumps and stuff like that. Suspension isn't that good for the road, it's good for riding offroad when it's rocky and you need it to stay in control of the bike, but on the road it's more for elderly or overweight people to give them more comfort because they can't absorb bumps with arms and legs. Suspension is also expensive, you could get a bike with good suspension for $500 second hand but new anything with suspension will be crap.
&gt; I looked online and found a few websites with programs/apps I can download, install, and run to place an image slider onto my website. I was just looking back at this post to see if there had been other comments and realised what you were asking here. That's not how web development stuff works - almost certainly those programs install spyware or viruses. Don't use the word 'free' in Google searches.
Other guides I've seen don't have the step with seating the bead with a tire lever, which is what makes the difference. The official Stan's guide starts off with using soapy water, not as a resort if you have problems.
The Allez would be much too small then, but the other two bikes should be OK. 56cm is more likely with modern bikes, maybe 58cm with vintage bikes. My impression is that the seller of the Allez got the size of the bike totally wrong which isn't uncommon on Craigslist. Trust your eyes over what the seller says for judging size.
Note that's a road sizing guide, mountain bikes and most hybrids are sized differently (both the unit (inches) and the size frame you need). I'd also say it suggests bikes too big for every single height, a common thing with guides like this. &gt;Bike Frame Size: 60 - 62 cm Height: 6'0 - 6'3" Inseam Length: 32.5" - 34" That's where I fall 6'2, 34" and I ride a 56 and a 58. Though others my height would be better on 60cm. Mountain bikes I ride an 18" and a 19". Though very cheap Walmart type mountain bikes like the three you found you need a bigger size as they are shorter in length compared to more expensive bikes, I would need a 21". I think that's why these guides are wrong because they are based around fitting Walmart type bikes. &gt;How do I tell how big the bike is if they don't list the size? Have to do it by eye, compare the height of the frame to the wheels (you need to account for if the bike has smaller 26" mountain bike wheels or larger 700c road bike wheels) and look at how long the top tube is. Here's some ideas: **Good bike** Not many options $300-$550 road bikes right now, the only option that isn't way overpriced is this https://chicago.craigslist.org/wcl/bik/5090487204.html - looks pretty good, especially if they accepted a slightly lower offer, but still OK at the asking price. It's a great bike too http://www.bikeradar.com/gear/category/bikes/road/product/review-kona-honky-tonk-13-47733/ Don't be put off by it being steel, steel of the quality used on this bike is nicer to ride than aluminium, it is actually more expense. Otherwise here's a couple of cheaper options for $225 (also high quality chromo steel frame), but they are a lot older than that Kona (the Kona looks about 5 years old but these are 20-30 years), wouldn't be quite as nice and don't have integrated shifters https://chicago.craigslist.org/wcl/bik/5077714017.html https://chicago.craigslist.org/wcl/bik/5076884678.html **Cheap bike** https://chicago.craigslist.org/wcl/bik/5063093730.html (needs a new seat, looks like condition may not be great) https://chicago.craigslist.org/wcl/bik/5043956881.html - this is a good deal, has a chromo frame https://chicago.craigslist.org/wcl/bik/5090487204.html - If you can stretch to $140 you would have two nice bikes if you got this and it's not too big - I would buy this bike if I lived in Chicago. Would have cost $2000 or so when it was new. Has very high quality, durable parts that were almost top of the range. It is well underpriced and will only increase in value if you keep it in good condition. This is so good it would be a smart buy as an investment even if you didn't ride it. https://chicago.craigslist.org/wcl/bik/5064707504.html - Could consider but a bit overpriced Edit - am pretty confident all of these bikes would fit you
Bike 1: Has shiny paint to imitate more expensive bikes and is not as good quality as it looks. The price is high, but still cheaper than new. Bike 2: This looks bad and like a kid's bike or for someone very short. It has smaller than normal wheels. How tall are you? Bike 3: This has very shiny paint to imitate more expensive bikes, it is not a good bike to buy. Suspension is not cheap, cheap suspension is heavy and crap. Avoid bikes like this. Suggestions: http://cartagenadeindias.olx.com.co/bicicleta-rin-26-1-mes-de-uso-iid-809932379 - This is similar quality as bike 1 but for a fraction of the price. This would be a good deal anywhere. http://cartagenadeindias.olx.com.co/bicicleta-todo-terreno-iid-813548765 - This bike would be great for riding around town if the GT is too small for you or has sold. It is old but it is a much better bike than it looks.
Did you forget to include a link to the bike in question?
It's actually a little complicated (but only takes about 10 seconds with practice) and I believe it only works in the 3 door coupe version, not the 5 door, though I am sure there are other hatchback coupes this would work with: Slide passenger seat forward if it isn't already and fold seats, open boot/trunk. Stand behind the boot/trunk on the driver's side of the car with the bike on the passenger side (this sounds pedantic but if you don't get this part right, like you're on the wrong side of the bike, it doesn't work). Lift the bike up with both hands, the rear hand the seat tube is the best place to grab, lift the front wheel over the boot lid and then you do a bunch of stuff at the same time - twist the bars towards you a bit so they clear the hatchback entrance, lean the bike over on it's side with the wheels towards the passenger side, lift the rear end of the bike up to clear the chainring and push it forwards. Usually have to shuffle it forwards a couple of times unless it's something small and light like a road bike. With my old DH bike it was easiest if the front seat was folded too. Repeat with second bike (load biggest/heaviest bike first and put a blanket over it to protect the paint). Unloading is easier. If don't have good core strength or your bike is heavy you risk scratching the paint (usually with pedal or chainring or the handlebars on the hatch rim) but I've been doing it for a few years now and only put a couple of small chips in the hatch entrace. Edit - Here's a pic of my old (well I still have it) DH bike loaded http://imgur.com/cwksgTJ
To answer your question about the widest tires it can run, it's hard to say. There is no specification for the maximum tire width unfortunately. It depends on how much room there is around the brakes more than the tires with those kind of brakes. Usually with those brakes the widest you can run is 25mm. I just looked up "Tektro R350 28mm" and there are reports of tires rubbing on the brakes with 28mm, so probably 25mm, which is barely worth swapping from the stock 23s - I have bikes I plan to swap to 25 but I'm waiting for the 23 tires to wear out first. You could change the brakes to a different kind to get more clearance but it would be cheaper and better to get a cyclocross bike to begin with if you want to run fatter tires. The primary difference between road and CX is that CX bikes are designed so they can take (and come with) fatter tires that are more suited to offroad.
Before something as drastic as swapping to drop bars, there are other options with your setup to consider imo. For one thing you don't currently have bar ends. I went cycle touring on my commuter MTB earlier in the year and had been worried about lack of hand positions and lack of extension. I normally hate riding any distance on the road on an MTB. I read something about bar ends being good and they were amazing. I rode on them most of the time and hands/back didn't get sore. Even better are bars like [these](http://www.sheldonbrown.com/scott.html) which are almost the right vintage for your bike. I actually just bought a pair NOS from the LBS for $5 to replace the flat bar/bar end setup, but there are modern bars like this available. I also fitted a clip-on aerobar which was good for downhills and strong headwinds Swept back handlebars on mountain bikes like yours has were abandoned not long after your bike was made and have never made a comeback. They are a throwback to origin of mountain biking in Marin County in the 70s on modified beach cruisers. Also, how about lowering your stem? That would give you a little more drop and extension. My recommendation would be to get some standard MTB flat bars second hand and cheap bar ends or a bar like the Scott AT3 and see if you like that. Nothing wrong with the drop bar idea but it would likely be easier and cheaper to test out this first.
Cowbells are 31.8mm only so you'd need a new stem and possibly aheadset converter (not sure how available 31.8mm clamp quill stems are). A lot of current bars are 31.8 only (but not the Nitto)
His mic/radio could have been set to auto transmit
Cool - this thread from yesterday in /r/bicycletouring may be of interest to you, someone else with an old Trek Singletrack wanting to convert it to drop bars for touring: http://www.reddit.com/r/bicycletouring/comments/3bam48/nitto_dirt_drop_handlebars_rm013/
It's a lot easier to wear them out playing FPS games due to overuse and abuse of certain keys, the wasd keys and spacebar respectively.
It doesn't stop recording automatically, or it never has done for me. How would it know you had finished your ride and not just stopped for lunch or something? There should be an obvious button to stop recording.
I think this is a shameless cash in on the small market of idiots that have too much money and have to have the latest weird gadgets.
How much does it weigh?
I would choose the Bolt if you will be riding in good weather. This is a rare case where the cheapest bike looks like the best. The most significant point is the weight of the bikes: The Bolt is a little on the heavy side for a flat bar hybrid of that kind of price at 27.3lb, but the Voltage is positively portly at more than 3lbs heavier - you would notice that riding going up hills and in the handling of the bike. The alu frame on the other two bikes actually seems like a downgrade with this in mind, aluminium is usually specced to make a lighter bike - chromoly is generally accepted to be more comfortable to ride, although it is heavier - but in this case the chromoly bike is lighter. Apart from brakes and the frame and the weight there looks to be little difference between them. The differences between the drivetrain, wheels etc are minimal. The cable discs on the Voltage are likely to be less powerful than the Bolt's rim brakes except in extreme conditions, and are for the most part a gimmick. The Tesla has hydraulics so they should be decently powerful (although Tektro doesn't have a good reputation for disc brakes), but you don't need them unless you will be riding in very bad conditions (like wet and muddy offroad trails). Disc brakes are only more powerful in wet/muddy conditions and make most sense on mountain bikes where rims getting muddy and affecting braking is a problem. &gt;we offer options for both fully rigid or with front suspension because smooth paved roads shouldn’t be your only option! I used to live in Vancouver and this isn't true, you don't need suspension unless you are doing proper mountain bike trails like at Whistler or on the North shore. And you need a mountain bike for trails like that. Suspension forks on bikes like this is for the comfort of the frail/overweight/elderly that have trouble absorbing bumps with their arms. The Bolt seems like it would be a great bike for riding around the beaches and Seawall etc. I used to like riding out past Kitsilano to UBC and then into the easy trails in the endowment lands and back along Marine Drive and up Cambie or another street, that's a good ride
I was in the same boat (coming from MTB background) and I just looked at second hand bikes until there was a sweet deal.
I don't like the look of either of those bikes personally. 1. They have suspension forks 2. They are 17.2 and 15.6kg (heavy) The first bike looks very poor, the second one looks better and is 2kg lighter but I would still not choose it. Reasons for not getting a suspension fork: * At this budget, a suspension fork means big compromises to the rest of the spec, e.g. lower quality drivetrain and other parts * At this budget, you can only get [crappy Suntour or similar brand forks](http://www.reddit.com/r/MTB/comments/3b11hn/suntour_forks_recalled_due_to_crash_hazard/) that a lot of people prefer rigid to. * At this budget suspension forks add 2-3kg weight to the bike * It's very hard to run a front rack with a suspension fork * If you are riding on rocky/bumpy terrain at a speed where you actually need a suspension fork to stay in control of the bike, you are probably going to break your rear wheel or rear rack. * Rigid forks are almost infinitely less likely to go wrong while on a tour, especially compared to crappy Suntour forks. Reasons for getting a suspension fork on a bike like this: * You are elderly/frail/overweight and have trouble absorbing bumps with your arms * All of your touring is offroad or on roads like in the Paris-Roubaix - but the forks on these bikes aren't good enough. Notice a lot fewer of the more expensive touring bikes come with a suspension fork I don't like the style of handlebars on the first bike as they limit you to a single hand position. The bars on the second type of bike you can fit bar ends which help a lot with allowing you to move your hands around. I had a look at both of those sites and I found two bikes I would recommend to someone with cycling experience. They are a bit out of your price range, having fairly high end parts (that are worth investing in if you want a bike that lasts a long time and will take care of it) but you don't have to spend so much, though there isn't a cheaper version of either of these bikes with lower grade parts I could see from Ortler, at least on that site. You should be able to find similar looking bikes in your budget from other brands (possibly without supplied racks - you can get pretty much the same thing as the flat bar one by buying a hybrid bike and adding racks - also many touring bikes are sold without racks as people have their own rack preference): Flat bars: http://www.bikester.se/387448.html - 12.5kg - looks like it may not have rack mounts on the front fork which is not a great point if so with this particular bike, but there are plenty of similar bikes that have them. Drop bars: http://www.bikester.se/386510.html - 15kg but comes with front rack - this looks like a great deal compared to bikes like the Surly LHT
The Quick is probably one of the best value of the bikes on that site, I'd say with that price difference the Quick is a marginally better deal. The bikes are a bit different though, the Quick has a more laidback ride position, comes with fatter tires and gears from a mountain bike, the BTWIN is a bit sportier and comes with thinner road tires (though not too skinny) and gearing from a road bike. It would be faster on the road but not as competent offroad. I'd also test ride the Cannondale Bad Boy - from looking at the frame geometry I would pick it as the likely the most fun and rewarding bike to ride out of the ones you picked out (but probably not as comfortable or practical as others), though it's on the cheap side for a bike with disc brakes (ie they probably won't be very good disc brakes and it will be heavy).
We can't really recommend a saddle for you because we don't have your butt. A useful measurement is the width of your sit bones (or the width of a saddle you find comfy) - this can help with identifying whether a saddle will fit your butt or not. In a similar situation with a road bike I bought a job lot of a shoebox full of saddles for $20 from the local auction/classifieds site to test out. But it would be a lot harder to find a bunch of leather touring saddles to do the same thing with (and a lot less would fit in a shoebox...). One idea would be to find a bike shop that has demo saddles for testing. A couple of my LBS have a bunch of bright yellow saddles they lend out for this purpose - they may also have touring saddles for this but I've never asked or noticed. But it might end up being a case of what many of us have done, all you can do is buy saddles and if they aren't comfy for you sell them.
Based on the pic the biggest piece of advice is to avoid a common beginner mistake. Don't weigh your bike down with so much accessories in the aim of being well prepared that it's a heavy rattling heap that's not fun to ride anymore. Don't bring locks unless you will be locking up the bike, don't bring lights unless you will be riding at night, don't bring toolkit/pump/water unless you are riding a long way. It's like going running with a bunch of crap in your pockets.
&gt;gripping too hard? You shouldn't be gripping hard - cycling is like driving and a lot of other sports (e.g. golf, tennis) where it is poor technique to grip hard.
If I had that much locks I would carry them in my backpack. Got to say if theft is really that bad this bike is going to be a target because it is shiny and new - if you really want to play it safe you're best getting a second bike for like $75 from Craigslist to ride if you will be locking up outside. You can also make the bike look temporarily worse with stickers, pieces of tape, splodges of bathroom sealant and stuff like that to make it less attractive to thieves
