-t13 (on add phase). -Unlock masterbook II for LWR so that i have 3 crafting jobs at max, ready for specialist. (MBII and Lucis). -After that save up as much gil as possible and watch market.
not stressin to hard about it... Pretty sure *most* of the new recipes will not be added to the "master" tab but instead a new 51-55 / 56-60 tab. But there is a possibility that they throw a bone to people who have suffered through MB's and Main tool grinds and put some higher 5 star + stuff in there so i just wanna make sure i'm ready for it.
Was at it all night last night... my static was really suckin on dps so we keep hitting a wall in the add phase. No doubt this is doable tho.
until you see dem alexander screen shots and your all like damnit...
The main headache with coil is the phases you never make it to for practice like post heavensfall in t9. But they are introducing a practice mode where you can select the specific phase to get better at... that combined with the story mode to introduce people to the basics of the fight will have much more people in the end-game raids.
why a new master tab when you already have three books under one? (MB I and II and demi book) And once we are top tier at level 60 those masterbook 2 items will not be so hard to craft, especially since you only need 3 of em... *and* you need to make nq versions anyways for supra. (whether or not the continue to use the blue main hand will make this a must or useless) anyways it's totally possible.
LOL glad to see that we are all not crazy... whats shitty tho is the world i was building (and still am) is almost the EXACT plot to the movie Interstellar. I mean i knew i was building an entertaining story/universe but damn i didn't know it would be that good if Chris Nolan got behind it lol.
really glad you went outta your way to do this. I remember reading something once about REM being the point in time which your brain sorts out all the shit that happened to you that day and stores the information according to useful (got a promotion today/long term) to not useful (got stuck at 5 red lights otw to work today/short term) Interesting that the norm for chronic smokers is a dodgy memory is supported by this study.
Some of the top people in the fucking DEA are still living in the 1800 when it comes to info on pot. [It's bad because it's drugs and it's illegal because it's bad.](https://youtu.be/sw2wjrsdZSM?t=17) When the eventual wall comes down (prohibition) and more case studies can be conducted... that's when we will really see wtf is happening on the inside because it most certainly has a negative side. Same thing happened with cigs... not even half a century ago everyone was smoking cigarettes everywhere, it was the bees fucking knees! But after the huge wave of studies, information, deaths, so on... we now realize whats really happening. Weed has never had this chance and has only been studied from a biased "how can we keep this illegal" stand point that only warp actual facts (as seen by the idiot who post something they didn't even read and probably walks around town spewing the same bullshit lol)
who are you kidding lol... i smoke almost every day and smoked cigs for about 10 years before i quite those. My ideas are not based off assumption, it's personal experience. I only compare it to cigs in this situation because of the sheer amount of ignorance when cigarettes were at the height of their popularity, much like the ignorance surrounding weed. That doesn't mean i'm saying they are just as dangerous.
and dont forget the glamor system for SWTOR... that shit was on point. I was actually just considering making a thread on the official forms asking for some of those features like palette matching the chest piece. I pretty much realized it was going downhill from the start when there was no dog-fighting space pvp... i stuck around pasted GS and enjoyed the fuck outta it but came to the conclusion that i was not gonna wait around for another 2 years for something that should have been there from the start.
uhhhhh they have been saying this entire time that HM alex will be on par (*almost*) with savage coil....???
How does MORE people experiencing the story diminish anything for you? Do you feel less special that the cut-scene your waiting is being experienced by more that 5% of the game pop.? I went into coil for the story as well... that and the t9 tank coat lol.
lol... when i consider the story of coil i would file it under must fucking know lol... it was never an option for me, and i feel that it has almost everything to do with the entire story of ARR. That shouldn't be behind the wall that it is... i see where your coming from tho. For your average raider there minds are set on BiS... and the never ending grind for best gear but i never really took this approach because skill trumps gear any day. The story was always my reward... well that and the t9 tank coat which i still dont have lol.
yeah which is the exact opposite of whats happening here lol
Pretty much everything i have seen/read on the subject points to this... the real issue being after getting through that thick layer of ice.
i think in a couple years of playing i only went up that chasm twice lol... that place was a bit much.
i think you miss my point... it was not gonna be the thing to revive swtor... that ship has sailed long ago. I was simply saying that it should have always been there from the start, and because it wasn't, and then took 2 years to get it, kinda foreshadowed the whole demise of swtor. I mean it is Star Wars... not Planet Surface Wars
the way transmuting works is that you never get back what you put it so i would imagine this would work the same.
woo... the way it rained down debris was terrifyingly awesome
there ya go... thats my kinda shit luck ;P
I am a father of 4... every waking second of my life is ran as though im a tank/leader stringing along a bunch of babies/dps while me and the wife/healer argue about pointless shit. But to be real, I only run end game with strangers if i am 100% sure i know every end and out of the fight... otherwise it's with the static.
USE THE SEARCH BUTTON STEAMERS!!!
+RED DYE {YOU CAN HAVE IT}
misery loves company... if anything else you must ignore him. Once he realizes he can't affect you anymore he will move on.
wow... i am really sorry. Since this guy has all of your real info (and 6 months of dedication to making you know how upset he is) i would call the cops. Might be hard because you might not have any info on who he is IRL but that does not matter, you could be in danger and it needs to be taken seriously.
&gt;DX11 is Microsoft, meaning no MAC, PS4 or PS3 users will see these changes, sorry! ^pc^master^race^git^gud^scrubs
I went to Cairns when i was living out in the marshall islands and saw a statue of [Capt. Cook](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/01/Captain_Cook_statue,_Cairns.jpg) always wanted to know more about the dude lol.
pantera
Nael Deus Darnus - That bitch takes the cake for hardest thing i've done in any FF game, thus not only sticking out as #1 boss (monster) in FFXIV but also hardest in all the series.
dont. turn. around.
lets be real... with ffxv and kh3 on the horizon...
first song i learn to play on the bass... hits me right in the feels.
this is almost a day late lol but if you didnt know... i130 (or anything wayyy over the ilv needed) synced down at all is as effective as all white gear. So if you are a scrubby dressed drg with gear closer to the ilv... and it is pink or green you actually out gear us lol.
Here's the most fabulous [fomor PLD](http://i.imgur.com/9K6Dc9o.jpg) you will ever see! ^purple ^:P
not crazy enough to do savage lol
dont even need to get into the fact that shes is not the real challenge, the 7 people you can with are your real enemies lol.
market analysis.
needs more rng
did i just start a relic/zodiac quest? :P
Marshall Islands are missing... Several islands leased that are being used actively for missile defense testing. There will not be a single link ITT that will show all the bases.
i mean... have you watched the news at all? this place is fucked!
This was because of Walt Disney himself... and by default/tradition Pixar. Walt bought his mom a huge home after the success of snow white... even though his mom didn't want it. Well after a ton of complaints with the furnace system, and shoddy repairs, she died of asphyxiation caused by the fumes like 1 month after moving in. Walt took it hard... Parents (in disney movies) ever since have either not been there, portrayed horribly or even killed off. [sauce](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flora_Call_Disney)
was just thinking about this yesterday while making gear for sub jobs... even if i can just click on the item i have excess of and see what i can make with it.
always wondered this myself... with all the feuds between the two why would that on thing carry over... maybe it was subconscious? lol
[i've seen a lambo commercial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ql94IYUrwXY)
not sure if your being serious but in the wiki you posted... "The original agreement allowed the United States continued use of the U.S. Army Kwajalein Atoll (USAKA) missile test range until 2016. An amendment to that agreement, extending U.S. rights until 2066 with an option until 2086..." Lived there for several years... then afterwards enlisted in the Navy for 8 years. I know bases lol... this place is a base. It's ran mostly by DoD but there are some higher up brass stationed there as well. (not ever day you get a billet to a tropical paradise)
you realized why he gravitated towards this?
lol yeah i detected a sense of something... i think that just means don't start wars with other people/groups then expect us to back it up OR if WWIII broke out we need to protect them in turn.
thats what happens when there are two different things in each picture... It is how some people can do the "spot the difference" puzzles ridiculously fast. since they are always side by side images you just do the 3d look thing and anything "blinking" (or as you put it jarring) is whats different from scene to scene.
Well Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs was the first full-length cel animated feature in motion picture history so as far as Disney movies are concerned there wasn't anything before that lol... The stories Disney pulled from existed for quite some time but we're talking about Walt's adaptation, not the original versions.
This is a well documented thing... while walt himself never talked about it (and only worked on features until the late 60's i believe) It's pretty obvious that it had a huge impact on his work.
he was 13th in line for the throne... give him a fucking break for wanting his own kingdom! And the only real "bad" thing he did was lock Anna in the room when she was dying... that bitch was singing about true love the day she met me... i should take her crazy ass out :P edit: he even saved Else from being shot by that one dude... edit 2: yeah i guess he was about to [murder Elsa](http://33.media.tumblr.com/ef21c17b0a335d1c97f44045426c7e8b/tumblr_inline_n05poe2AbQ1qk3ggq.gif) when Anna ran in and saved her... HE WAS SO CLOSE THO lol
PLD - Main MCH - new DPS main GSM / BSM / LWR - because Masterbook II Unlocked and Lucis Miner then all the other crafts.
*sigh* this pissed me off just reading it...
getting ninja looted.
I really hope they do. which reminds me i should go buy some ex primal items while they are still cheap!
(most recent) some ass hat snagged my tank earrings from t11 only because he said he was looking for the word "fending" in the loot list when it said "tank earrings" after my name. Been Farming t11 for so damn long and it was the first time i saw them drop.
dem subtitles tho :)
Jeez all this over some dick pics... or do they actually think they are making a difference in terrorism?
Here's the "You actually enjoy facing other people in TT" run down. * get cards * challenge random people as you wait for whatever * enjoy yourself &amp; the challenge others bring * ensure you use up ALL your matches * receive Platinum Packs once the week is over (1 for each 1000 points) each pack has the chance of dropping any card available through the tournament * enjoy the satisfaction of getting cards without cheating
oh i'm sure you're a shining example of a human being... your ability to quickly judge people for one reminds me several bags of shit.
i.... i just dont get it... you asked for the money and they said sure whatever. What if the said no? what if they just froze (fear) and did nothing? Its not like you could reach in there and force them to do it. Did anything like that ever happen?
"probably."
i guess cuz you really don't know what the person is ready to do to get that money... Kudos for turning yourself in, fatherhood really does change a man (I have 4 rugrats so im not even sure im the same person i was before lol)
as a graphic design who sits around all day digitally drawing i can tell you that is not whats happening here.
when i used to go diving in the marshall islands i would frequent a spot called the sandy flats. [it would just go on and on](http://www.wallpapersdb.org/wallpapers/beach/underwater_sand_1920x1200.jpg) (not the actual spot be very similar) and on those really calm days it was just the most serene thing to just sit there and listen to the ocean noise. I could see this happening in one way on Uranus.
could it something as simple as core size? What if Uranus just has a smaller core producing less gravity which in turn produces less heat and Neptune is "big boned" lol so shes puts out a little bit more heat.
ricola!
Ahhh i see the weather device is [finally operational](http://screenrant.com/wp-content/uploads/Star-Wars-7-Rumor-Emperor-Returning.jpg)
LOL reminds me of the pancake i got one day in basic that was so hard you could literally write on it... so i broke out my ricky pen and wrote "you should not be able to write on this!" clear as day then left it on the table. Good thing this was not in your day.
Graphic designer here as well. it gets slow sometimes but i mainly procrastinate A LOT :P
hopefully some creative minds over there can come up with something like this... a freaking cat bowl or litter box that unlocks all cat minions to freely roam around your house... except fat cat of course, he don't get around much :P
One of the best habits i have found as a PLD main... hovering over the icons to see whats actually happening with monsters abilities.
[MOTHER FUCKING BLITZBALLLLLLL!!!!!!](http://www.howdonkey.com/pics/53/be-ownage-at-blitzball-in-ffx.jpg)
oh it would have to be re-imagine from the ground up, certainly a challenge. Creating one class that branches out to different positions on the team like goalie or forward etc... could be a start. You would still want it flexible in traditional FF-MMO style so you can fill any role and not be tied down to the first choice you made.
SWTOR has "HUTTBALL" which never really relied on stats or positions but instead left it up to the players to figure all that stuff out since you could also just go around killing people like normal pvp. (which obviously had its use) But when two teams that actually knew what they were doing faced off it was really fun. Blitzball could step away from its stat based roots and skills and just focus on the basics at first then figure out after some trial and error how to make things more interesting like gear sets. Instead of assigning classes one can just equip a "goalie set" or "attacker set" before the match starts that yield some nice moves like Jecht Shot or super goalie moves while also boosting overall ability to perform.
Im gonna guess a humanoid personification of Alexander... So like a knight.
consider this a release of sorts... you are wrapping up the last parts of a life you are leaving behind and you need to close all the doors. Tell them all at once... out in the open (at a time when most of them are on) get their attention, let them know your about to drop some serious IRL stuff so there is no miscommunication and some immature ass hat drops jokes. If they show maturity and understand then you have just created a bond with a group of people that will last a long time... if they can't handle it use the name change thing on mogstation and drop some fantasia and do exactly what you are doing anyways, rediscovering yourself.
[do you want to know the difference between justice and punishment?](https://youtu.be/bWpK0wsnitc?t=469)
idk kinda reminds me of pop tarts lol
same here except i have 4 kids... and it fucking terrifies me to no end that the odds of losing any of them right when the shit hits the fan is to damn high.
For someone who has served 8 years in the Navy, sailed countless oceans, participated in a few [swim calls,](http://www.blackfive.net/.a/6a00d8341bfadb53ef01a3fcef2418970b-pi) lived on a tropical island in the middle of the pacific and even gone diving you would think this fear goes away... Day time im fine whens theres people around and i know the divers are in the water looking out... but night time, FUCK THAT!!!
Also if you lift your truck make sure to readjust your lights so that your low beams don't turn into high beams and blind every fucking thing in front of you.
yeah not lately...
lol got me, "seas" is more specific.
totally fell for it lol
ive never hear of anything... sharks usually dont bullet straight outta nowhere, the creep up on you and circle you a few times, then if they wanna see what you taste like will dart and you and rub skins :P anyways, divers are in the water so they'll spot a shark long before this starts if the shark is even brave enough to approach all that noise... then everyone gets out but thats never happened in the 3 times ive done it. mandatory [shark view for de creps](http://www.defense.gov/dodcmsshare/homepagephoto/2014-09/hires_140927-N-IC565-7241d.jpg)
OMG the pld... so boss!
you are very close to one [of these](http://farm1.staticflickr.com/1/492358_c72860544b.jpg)
even after i got the wireless mouse i star noticing after time the the signal starts to diminish and you really just *miss* that latent free feed back... WIRES OR DIE!
it just makes to much damn sense now &gt;.&gt;
ewww the way his finger comes out LOL
iirc... and that sure was a while ago lol, but w-sum/x4/kotr/mimic/mimic was one of the more popular was to defeat emerald weapon.
"If you're tying to stay high, you're bound to stay low." -Matisyahu
and the constant mouth breathing is hard to get past.
Ahhhh kh3 @_@
and thats where i sighed :(
yeah hmmm? no FFXV either
glad im not the only one who thought that lol
