Is there any mention of time travel in the by laws?
Eh, between mls and MLB, I chose the third option; football break. Then again, we got Copa America to look forward to. Paulinho might some how (magically) improve? Also, Lamela is in the squad, so he's bound to absorb some Messi/di Maria magic from playing with em.
So what are we trying to get out of all this? World Cups not in Qatar, or do we include Russia as well? I guess, that's what the winning candidate will be asking.
Not bad blood, just blood between Suarez' teeth. We're still cool.
Bout that time eh chaps?
So what does this hold for Andros?
Eh, I give him "great servant". Not " legend", but he at least deserves the former title for the sheer fact that over the last 3 seasons, he's been our best CB. Despite the craziness that was AVB-Tim-Poch, he carved out a spot on the starting 11 and is basically written in pen next to Lloris on the team sheet.
If you go to the FL studios forums or look up any of the old interviews on EDM/DJ mags, you see the name came from him finding a dead mouse in his PC tower. If anything, the head is a rip-off of Daft Punks signature "spin music with LEDs in front of your face" helmets. I think that became more pronounced in the current iteration of his mask. Before it was just a red mau5 head. I guess since he is no longer opening (more likely to spin at night) he decided that more LEDs were needed to make him stand out in the dark. Then again, its all a rip off from the whole EDM subculture. When was the last time you went to a rave and didn't see some wierdo without some shiny lights coming from them?
Yes. I'd be treating the lads out to the clubs after games, buying bottles 'round the table, and taking care of all legal fees involved with prostitution scandals that came after said clubbing. Because I can afford it. If I were not a billionaire, I would not be taking care of 5th division player's kits. Even if I were a millionaire, I'd still be looking for a good paying job... have you seen inflation rates lately?
Filter out all the love/hate comments about GRRM, this is by far the best comment. :)...:(
Really bummed me out. I prefer the GRRM version better than the HBO but viewership numbers seem to disagree with me.
Can't tell if he/she is an awesome new novelty account or an adult/teen crying out for help.
Meow see here boy, that is not that kinda sound we would be using in a chase.
If they did offer 50, would we take it? Hard to say if the funds would be of help after watching last season's debacle...
Seeing little kids hide behind their parents when I approach. Not because I like fear in kids hearts or something. I just feel like I'm still a kid, and I can recall being shy at that young age. So its interesting to be on the receiving end of it, reminds me how fast time flies.
Not sure why you are being downvoted. Apparently, asking tough questions is now a no-no here.
What? Episode please.
Something something Jenny just kissing.
Jesus. That would be the eighth striker in their roster. It's like the strategy has changed to "buy every player".
I'm not even sure why Maggy was portrayed by a young woman. In the books she is likened to the Queen of Thorns. So to cast a young woman makes me think the actress slept with someone to get a couple of scenes with lines.
[Dog vocabulary.](https://youtu.be/5Jq06Ga71TM) I haven't laughed so hard in 10 seconds.
&gt;Rich are more risk averse than economics give them credit for, preferring to save or keep wealth in place, rather than continuing to make aggressive use of the whole 'make your wealth create more wealth'. Kinda, sorta. Thanks to Reagan (while we're on the subject of trickle down), tax laws have been written so that it's less costly to make wealth from capital gains in terms of what you pay in taxes. Hence all the crap about Romney paying only 30% of his income on taxes. Had he gone the "make your wealth" route, he would have paid a higher tax rate. Granted, income inequality has gone up but this isn't because the rich are simply being more productive. Instead, they just invest their money (or have someone do it for them) since its cheaper when the IRS comes around. As far as the critique on globalization; its hard not to argue that the world as a whole is better off when free trade takes place. The issues comes when deciding if the losers from globalization deserve to be the losers of this regime. To your local district representative, of course not. How dare those countries take "American jobs?" To the 3rd world country seeing its economy take off due to the comparative advantage of cheaper labor, its a great thing. Just look at what its doing in South America.
I'd argue we would be most attractive to young signings. With a coach that prefers youth over experience, I could see how we would be more attractive than Liverpool.
Looks like a less attacking Walker with the crossing abilities of Dier.
Ah, fighting with the Pope. One of my favorite activities in the total war: medieval series
Where is Inter getting the money from?
He was injured for a vast part. And, regardless if he had a bad season by his standards, we looked a lot better with him in the team rather than Dier or Chiriches.
For fucks sake, it was voted by the players.
Dem policies are actually at odd with a majority of the Latino vote. Latinos tend to value Christian and family values, they are pro-business anti-big government (except for Argentina and Chile) as we were all fucked by social list policies, and we can see the merit of gun ownership (if you ever lived in Latin America, you know the necessity of having protection). The only problem is that Republicans (or a large part of their base, it seems) are calling Latinos subhuman, and that just doesn't sell to the masses. Maybe once the baby boomers die out, we'll see a more diverse GOP that can bring in Latino voters. That's how the democrats got the black vote, after all.
Try telling HK or CB that they are starting EVERY game from end of august to early may and see how they take it.
ITT: Peruvians
Cut off access to all air, and you've got a handy suicide bag!
We've brought down their "park the tank" policy before, we can do it again.
We have a rivalry, they've been underperforming while we've been surprising. And we both play dirty as fuck. It should be a good game!!!
Boo this man.
Man, the day we can watch sports on Netflix is the day i cancel my cable service.
From German Messi to playing in the MLS. Ouchies.
Aaaand there goes my respect for him.
I see where your coming from, and I agree. However, once Netflix or other online providers firmly monopolize the market, I only see sports leagues selling broadcasting rights to one of these vendors. Just look at how much money the premier league is getting by offering their games online over at NBC.
&gt;Why not just tune out Indeed, why don't you tune it out?
It's the circlejerk going on in /r/soccer and /r/coys. We have a lot of Chelsea going on.
Because your getting agitated about something you yourself acknowledge could be ignored.
In the U.S., most euro games are before noon, way before I start drinking.
None of those cover my only sport, football.
You have to have your head lodged up pretty far up your own ass to claim he is a successful businessman. The son of a self made wealth magnate, he has managed to bankrupt every venture he has started. You can tell how bad things got for him when he was willing to take on any Joe off the street to make them his apprentice. Calling him a successful businessman is like calling Kim Kardashian a talented actress.
Not as I recall. His agent made some remarks how Pep wanted to sell Alves, Pique, Villa, and Fabregas because they were not up to his standard. Villa was just for sporting reasons, but the rest he had an issue with their attitude. The especially shocking part was that apparently he was disappointed with Fabregas as a person. So he told Rosell his plans but Rosell refused because of possible fan backlash. So Pep quit. Makes you wonder, considering what we've accomplished and the people who've left.
Careful with how you approach the healing. There was that one guy who found a safe with an explosive booby trap. Obviously, he managed to open it without ending up in the news.
Like fucking 18 wheeler's. It's funny because I have to think that not even the directors knew how to drive manual.
As an alternative: Every Man United game this season * said every none-Man U fan
In this thread, people who probably don't drive in the DMV area.
Right? Does this story take place in the 70s? Not that the brother isn't a douche, but I can't imagine finding a decent pair of shoes for the office for less than $200.
Go genocidal on their people. Eventually, they will get there.
Everyone is screaming their lungs out. Meanwhile, we have Alli just giving that dorky smile and waving like a simpleton. I love it.
Wow, did you miss the point, entirely...
Obviously, that's been Man U's problem. You guys are not football'ing it enough.
If you want to be rich and famous, being an author has got to be one of the hardest ways to get there. Besides, it wasn't well until after his last book that he started getting famous. Unless your implying that this ten year hiatus coincides with the rise of GoT on purpose.
Only ever heard that one song. Clubbing in the U.K. must a different scene than East Coast U.S.
I've always wanted to wage a campaign of nothing but guerrilla fighting. Shame, now I know it's not a viable option :(
Sarcasm, right? The last line threw me off.
Though, you have to wonder. With a government that tells you it's going to stop spying on its citizens only to continue doing so, you have wonder what the alternative to revolt is. Not saying THESE guys are right. But in general, never discredit the efficiency of organizing armed forced.
We did it! We won the league. Shows over. See you guys next year.
Put me down for mid March.
I too have some Alibaba stock. I sold some of holdings after the first time they froze the market. Never a good idea to be in bed, financially, with a government that doesn't understand capitalism.
What? Barcelona has the largest stadium in Europe. Stop pulling facts out of your ass.
Don't be surprised. Look what happened to Bayern their first season under Pep. They went from kings of counter to German tiki-taka. Not that they aren't doing amazing, but not like it made much silverware difference.
That's actually what happened in real life prior to WW2. England used to own a majority of the middle east, before getting bombed to high heaven by Hitler (not destroyed, mind you).
North Africans are not Arabs. I stand corrected: Most of the northern Africa is part of the Arab League. Though, then it makes you wonder what we consider the term "African" to mean in general. Silly humans.
If the government doesn't send you to a secret prison for your opinion, this sub will.
Meh, not exactly that critical to our survival. Poisoning water treatment plants would be far more deadly and their locations are publicly advertised. Lay off the paranoia, its not healthy for you.
I read this in Argentine. Bravo.
Agreed. Our shambles of a defense pales in comparison to what Poch has built this season. If anything, I imagine a low margin affair made up of crazy counters.
At the gas station!
I think it's just perplexing that it's Scholes that's getting all this screen time. To the younger generation, I guess it would be like seeing Iniesta talking shit about an under fire Barca manager.
Lads seem super confident in the fitness regime in recent interviews, so I'm curious to see how our second half of the season compares to our usual performance.
Agreed. Maybe this is what Real needed after all. A former galatico who understands the needs and wants of super star athletes having experienced that himself. Aside from Ancelotti, I don't think recent managers had such previous playing careers.
Dark.
Time for my weekly visit to /r/reddevils.
Agreed with 100%. Just one thing. What is a Hollywood pass?
I swear, one giant anime corporation got broadcasting rights across South America in the 90s. I digress. Fuck you. Pokémon is not shitty. Pokémon was life.
You, my friend, would enjoy a Rammstein concert.
He could be the top #10 in the MLS. Maybe time to cash in and replace Gerrard in LA?
Do James Franco and Seth Rogen count as artists?
Can confirm. Source: am rich asshole.
Is heroin that much harder to kick?. I have ocassional relapses into my pill addiction (I have a medical use for them, I just abuse them when I get bored). The withdrawal sucks, but its nothing like they portray in Ray. Should I just save experimentation with heroin until my death bed?
I like to think that Trump, before starting his campaign, flipped a coin to decide which party to run for and brushed up on the political talking points a week after forgetting about the coin toss, by going to the Yahoo comments page.
The average user. Bruce Lee is a one man death star with these.
Is that what a speedball is? ^*Adds ^to ^bucket ^list*
Nope. They hide my narcotics from me though :/
So English food does indeed suck? Genuinely curious.
Already there, IMHO.
Wait. It does now? I can usually hold off 2 full stack armies with Roman garrisons and high walls.
3 more years! 3 more years! 3 more years!
Yeah, some people on the Spurs sub have deluded themselves into thinking Kane was always destined for greatness. Little do they remember, his loan spells were disappointing and he would have probably been loaned out again had the other two options been Adebayor and Soldado. Suppose it worked out in the end.
I've done management in development, and it sounds like your describing a waterfall methodology. Given the lessons learned form Rome 2, I would expect CA to dedicate a bit more time in UAT.
Apparently he was cheating on her too. Takes balls to cheat on the club owner's daughter your dating. And at one point, wasn't she the owner while Berlusconi was going through court and what not?
That's next season. I guess that means that we will take La Liga and CL this season, while Atleti and Real fight for the treble next season. I'll take a double this year.
Exactly. We earned that title, and it's only fitting people associate us with it until we prove them otherwise. Having the best defensive record, youngest squad, and all that noise are awesome. But we did just struggle against last year's relegation team. Granted they are surprising everyone. But just like Scum deserves the name "assholes" from time to time, we deserve Spursy. I hope we redefine it soon. Poch will make our team the most feared of the EPL.
Don't edit your post about calling them "peng tings". Show some courage, that's the first step.
Not saying these groups. But don't you think there's a chance some of the engineers on military contract might be civilians working for Lockheed or Boeing?
Ghost in the shell is the future we're heading towards. Except that instead of cool mecha suits and professional assassin hackers, you've got politically elected inept people trying to install a backdoor in all these systems, which people like anonymous or worse will exploit. I guess, a more comical and tragic version of ghost in the shell.
