If aui taught me anything is that even as a 2k scrub i buy my shit fast and go do stuff quick
I was not aware we were using Somalians for wine now
the bad thing is that they can blindside you pretty hard, I had a very shy gf for some years, she cheated on me for some months without me knowing, I never saw it coming as she was so shy
Do people evento know whata fuckboy is this days?
I fucking hate Mexicans speaking in English, its not their fault but damn! (I'm Mexican BTW)
His accent makes his cast even better for me, and the guy is hilarious, but yeah when you come from the same place I can see how it might be cringeworthy
Midnas lament from Twilight Princess, the titles song for skullgirls and the intro son for final fantasy christal chronicles... Also I'm pretty sure xenoblade is pretty good soundtrack
I honestly think their first 2 albums were fantastic, much better than all of the other "emo" bands from back in the day
Silent alarm - bloc party That album was simply perfect IMO top 3 of that decade and I'll fight whomever doesn't agree.
I have a couple of dogs se picked up from a shelter, not only did the people threw them away they tried to buen them un an empty lot, luckyly they were rescued and got to the shelter, some of those didnt survive, some others live with me now
5 reasons we hate... Is my reason to live
I started drinking some craft beers after a new bar that specializes in them opened very close to my work, the variety is amazing and the taste is much stronger in a lot of those beers, so much so that most regular beers like corona taste like water to me, I'll still drink normal beer (because I'm poor) but at least I know now that there is a world out there
But to be fair shes a terrible wife who doesnt hold to any expectations in the bedroom, she fucking jacks him off without even taking eyes away from her computer, he's dying and has a horrible sexlife he didn't even think of cheating but I don't see how she could blame him if he did.
But I really don't see why he was thrown off about it, we are supposed to love the antihero, and Skylar many times acts against him or makes things harder for him, why wouldn't we not hate her? Sure she doesn't know and its not her fault but she's still a huge bitch all series, her and her bitch sister Marie! The only likeable one is hank and even he is am asshole a lot
I agree completely she's set to be a horrible person from episode one, she only gets redemption for being the lesser evil person but she stopped out of fear not out of goodness, the only truly decent people in that show are hank and the kid
This is not my story personally but I saw it happen pretty close to me, basically my gf's brother was a pretty hardcore atheist, his parents always claimed to be catholic but mexican light catholic, never went to church in their life and they are only baptized but not any of the other stuff, so basically completely away from church... Anyway, he turned to christianity because some shitty things happened that turned the family upside down and he started dating this christian girl, now to me it was predatorial but he totally fell for the girls and her fathers (who was a pastor) oportunistic presentation of god as a way to make his shitty life less shitty, he fell in love with the whole thing and he turned into full crazy devout christian in what seems practically overnight for me, to me it was completely confusing because he used to be a hardcore skeptic and in general a really smart dude, he got the highest gradein his major and masters degrees in engineering and next day he's praying for everything and pestering his family to turn to christianity.
I was amazed too at how religious people were, my family was atheist and always called themselves that, also both of them were biologists, in middle school I attended a christian school because it was pretty high quality, I was befudled the first time I argued with a young earth creationist idiot kid, I literally couldn't wrap my mind around someone believing in god with that fervor. I was also amazed the first time people asked me to pray before eating, I just told my friends parents I didnt know how because I was an atheist, I was like 10 and I'll never forget the look of disbelief in their faces.
Once a teacher I really liked that was a christian told me she was always going to try and convert me because if she didn't I'd go to hell and she liked me too much for that to happen, I guess you'll miss your parents when you are contemplating god in the afterlife OP.
/s
That's true, but if you are gay and have a kid they way to get your kid to be accepted is not by hidding the fact that you are gay, its to make a statement to others, to show others that its ok to be gay, bigots die when ignorance and taboos die, the way to help those kids is by showing off, not the other way around, don't get confused.
Hacking... I don't feel any need to explain.
Im mexican and eat them a lot too
GO HUMAN BEINGS!!
I'm fucking sure I was in that game and was lina, any dotabuff?
Not only was he an idiot, I'm pretty sure the np was a racist cunt, I was there I promise http://www.dotabuff.com/matches/1548623207 just 2k USE things
Ironic, also fuck you, I'm not a native speaker, yeah it's lose, sue me
Me too, those aren't cycling shorts
I would say most people making the chance should be mid 2k i got a friend who played gold 1 and got 3k, right n now he sits at upper 2k
If not climbing out of 1k and 2k trench is really ez, pick a hero you like and has big team fight spells, learn to last hit really well with bots and win, for me phoenix and leshrac are really good climbers
Really? Actually the games I come back from is when people use the mic to plan and encourage each other
When you are comfortable with mechanics just random... Who picks heroes anyways?
I was there it gets better, if you are in NA I'll play message me
Not just any meat tho, tacos are incredibly varied, sour cream on most is an insult, also its not any grilled meat, and its actually mostly not grilled, masiza tongue, bone marrow, brains, Nana buche, nenepil and most tacos the meat is cooked on big casseroles with oil, basquet tacos are steamed and have different meat and beans and other stuff on them, there are chorizo tacos, chicharron tacos, there are a shit ton of different taco kinds and all of them are better than burritos
But if any of those things hadn't happened you'd just be facing that reality thinking the exact same thing, you basically say, since good random things happened then God must have helped..
So basically if you pray and get nothing you get a free pass for something after you die... That sounds convenient, is there like a system for how he picks, like if you don't get a job then you are excused from stealing bread or is it random?
"Will likely fail" like you know what we can do in another thousand years of research... Also agnosticism is atheism for pussies, yes the argument is technically correct but then you would have to claim that for every non falsifiable theory out there which proves how silly agnosticism is.
Well it surely can disprove things
It's true, the gf is always complaining because she's 32F here I'm Mexico you need to pay over 80usd for a bra that size and up to a 100, and when I met her she used worst bras and she really suffered for it
It constantly is about disproving hypothesis so if you make a wrong one and the data you aquire trough experimentation is not consistent with it you reject it... So it can surely disprove things its basically part of the method to reject wrong ideas and notions we have about how the world works
I meant because you said you had voices and it sounded a bit worrying, im glad counceling helped, i hope you get better
Yes it does if you have a silly hypothesis and you apply the scientific method to it and it concludes it doesn't fit with our model of the world it means that hypothesis was disproved.
Lol haven't seen any buzzfeed articles but my hair girl suggested one, as long as you have your sides, and part of the back shaved it does get the girls thirsty or at least it did do the trick for me... I think that the theory behind it is that if you have an already handsome face to begin with the bun just takes all of the hair you used to have away from it so people can see you better... It also works if you just have short hair but that wasn't so cool before the man buns so many people didn't have short hair
Some do, there are ones with really tight crotch and a tinny ass zipper, the ones that aren't like that have plenty of room and hold nicely to the legs.
Yeah but its not like every silly thing gets its 15 minutes, most things are done for good after we discard them.
I dunno, if you buy ones make sure the zipper área is big enough, works for me
Do you have any vid of a pro doing it or something, it seems that whenever I play against dark seer I can't zone them for my life and I'm actually competent zoning others.
OK will do, BTW any heroes you recommend? is getting boots as a support right out of the gate worth to keep him off (especially in a trilane scenario) or do I just get regular items and maybe am extra clarity to spam at him to zone better?
Not to brag but spotify is so desperate to pull mexican costumers we get 3 months for 9 Mexican pesos, so less than 1 dollar for 3 month
Tuskar is strong as fuck in this patch, and its a great pick against heros who can get affected by Break
Imo phoenix should always be a 3 or 2, at worst a 4 because it still works well without farm but never a 5, phoenix does so much with levels/gold that its always worth it to give it some... Also I'd recomend always picking that veil before shivas, its much less expensive and it'll help you a lot in the early-midgame and lategame the shivas will be great. Some have said that mango might be a great pick for phoenix early but I havent tried, in paper it gives you much needed health regen and since phoenix has mana problems it might help you land a clutch ult after your spirits took a little too much mana, this might be really good if you are getting zoned and your tranqs are being delayed. Another thing you might consider is getting that bottle, that way you farm a bit, kill with ult, bottle up, pick a rune and repeat, you play basically like how you would play a clock and it'll create massive space for your team and free a lane for someone else to farm while you roam.
how do you use it offensively tho? I've always seen it as a counter initiation... Also I hardly ever play her but how does it work? is it like you need to stare at medusa for X time to get to stone or is it, if after X time of medusa turned the ult you look at her you instantly get stoned?
I thought you could always pirate/buy guitar pro...
That honestly sounds awesome
There are two kinds of people, the ones who think old tarantino was the best and the ones who think new tarantino is the best... Imo if you think the newer stuff is better you need to reconsider your life choices.
I honestly think Her was a masterpiece, not only is the story charming and a refreshing take on AI, it has a huge amount of things going for it, the dialogue is cute and hilarious and endearing and Arcade Fire pulled one of the best soundtracks of that year, Joaquin Phoenix acting is on point and Scarlet Johanson has one of the best voice acting ever, she has an incredibly wide range of emotion, but the best thing is how it captures our zeitgeist and its natural evolution perfectly, its a future movie that captures what the future will actually probably be, the costumes, the house design, the outdoor spaces, and the design of computers and phones and other things, never before had I seen such an honest reflection of our society in terms of design
My favorite is a tie between reservoir dogs and pulp fiction, imo it should be pulp, reservoir, kill bill, I really don't think inglorious basterds holds up to the rest
Really?? It's been ages since I used it but I got some OK stuff from it, in paper it should be a good replacement to tab books tho
I will never understand
Surely sleep paralysis also probably don't tell the gf because she'll think silly things about it
Are you young? Is there any way you can get into medical research, it would seem fair to me that you pursued that carreer if you still can, if not, think of it like this, in 50 years the percentage of people who survive what you just went through will be much higher and it will just rise with the years, you got lucky, we all do sometimes, and more people will get the same luck that's all there is to it, move on
If it went away once it will go away twice, I know this is a bit silly but eat and sleep well and hang outside in the sun more, I do a lot of work in a lab and I don't get much sunlight as I sit there all day, I force myself to go outside every once in a while because I was getting depressed again, it really does help, I wish you good luck, also maybe get checked go to a doctor a lot of times depression is physiological and a simple supplement can help you (not mind numbing pills or anything)
Be a man and keep your so, don't cheat. Its not worth it
Well if you want to talk... Or maybe play some dota/games send a message
Reckless tortuga is amazing, the racism in America ones are hilarious
They are all masturbators tho if anything they have their minds around fapping more than the average fapper
Maybe with rice
Religious people, but not all religious people, the kind that vulture around their loved ones or people they know it times of need to get them into their religion instead of helping, your mom died, god can help, you can't find a job, god, you broke up with your long time SO, god, its like they are happy when shitty things happen just to be able to preach their shit. One thing is to believe but this people are literally vultures.
Or you can finger with middle and ring finger and sneakily take pube away with kndex and thumb, or my personal favorite, wax down there!!
Or you can finger with middle and ring finger and sneakily take pube away with kndex and thumb, or my personal favorite, wax down there!!
It's not at all about that, I love eating that pussy the pubes make it not ideal but also shaving can be bad for bjs, either you wax or depilate or leave it really short, a 1 or 2 day shave is like eating snadpaper covered pussy
Guys if you are going to manscape, and you should, consider wax or other form of depilation, it hurts, but its worth it, shaving itches and leaves pimples and ingrown hairs, wax is much cleaner like that and you get smooth skin for quite a while
I am sorry if I have ever offended anyone, I'm Mexican so the US are foreign to me, anyway I can speak in perfect English, I always attended bilingual schools with great teachers and lived a few months in Canada as a kid, the thing is everyone talked "white" in my school and all of the recordings were British people (I took lessons to apply for Cambridge English qualifications) and the black people in the movies talk in a way that's far more understandable, so every time I visit the states I dread asking for directions or talking to black people in general because I feel unbelievably racist asking them to repeat themselves 10 times in perfect English because I can't understand what they say.
Thats pretty racist of you to think that is Mexicans who get access to pretty much the same culture than you wouldn't know who fuckomg Capitan America is
Yeah I guess it's more dumb than racist
Ohh surely, i dont think anyone expects you to not have feelings for other people, no one is invulnerable to that, how you act on those feelings does define you, the only condition to you keeping the SO is if you have feelings for your SO
Still, it always makes me feel awkward
So much this! But now i love spamming that sweet lightning
I have a friend who was about to hit diamon, switched to dota and never came back, come over its more fun
HOHO HAHA
Yeah I love two tongues
That black people speak in a horrible impossible to understand accent. It's not at fucking all like my white British recording with which I learnt, it's not at all like will Smith or any other movie star, it's fucking incomprehensible. I don't mean to offend, but could you please enunciate? I look like a racist cunt everytime I ask black person to repeat themselves 5 times in perfectly good English I just can't understand black people for my life. /Rant I really don't mean to offend but anyone with an accent is fucking hard to understand when it isn't yourbfirst language, the recordings are of white people enunciation and most media tries to keep it as white as possible so when a non white person speaks it's fucking hard, blacks are imposible, Indians are hard and funny, Asians not so and I'd be damned if I couldn't understand Mexican.
That black people speak in a horrible impossible to understand accent. It's not at fucking all like my white British recording with which I learnt, it's not at all like will Smith or any other movie star, it's fucking incomprehensible. I don't mean to offend, but could you please enunciate? I look like a racist cunt everytime I ask black person to repeat themselves 5 times in perfectly good English I just can't understand black people for my life. /Rant I really don't mean to offend but anyone with an accent is fucking hard to understand when it isn't yourbfirst language, the recordings are of white people enunciation and most media tries to keep it as white as possible so when a non white person speaks it's fucking hard, blacks are imposible, Indians are hard and funny, Asians not so and I'd be damned if I couldn't understand Mexican.
True, a lot of people is still people
I've never lived in America bit ya'll is a perfect word.
That's easy, the real problem comes when genders in languages you try to learn don't match with your mother language.
Imo that makes you sound uneducated and racist... We fucking devote ourselves to learning your shitty language, you might as well try to return the favour
Yes, but it's different, gendering words is easy, people in lower classes will say vistes instead of viste for example in general.adding an S after verbs, like saying did you sees that? did you dos something? Some words are mispronounced, particularly anglicisms but not exclusively. Fuiste becomes juiste with a hard J sound or sandwiches becomes changüices and stuff like that. A very particular one, the word Mira or Look often looses the M and turns into Ira. Rich people and people who want to seem higher class often don't get free, their anglicisms and other foreign words are often tried to be pronounced as accurately as possible and are used more often which imo makes it sound silly as fuck. Another problem is that they are often still mispronounced or spoken with weird inflections and as a decent English speaker it's silly as fuck. Another big problem with richer people is their accent, we too have ghetto accents and rich accents and rich people speak like a California girl speaking Spanish, that's the best way I can describe it.
This is my favorite, congrats.
Alcoholism! *drinks more beer*
That's so horrible, I'd hate fuck you if I could because of how horrible it is.
Imo warlock with fatal bonds could be really good but you still need a few seconds and great position
Add ebola spirit, just for fun
Ok so, here goes, my parents are atheists and I grew up in an atheist household so I think I can help. First of all for a few years don't tell them, when they get into kindergarden and they ask what the cross is or a kid tells them about God explain it simply to them and tell them you don't believe in it. If they ask why just say it everyone has the right to believe bit you don't see how it could be true. When they are older you can introduce them to cooler concepts like evolution and other sciences, also kids love dinosaurs and so they'll dig evolution, if you raise a science loving kid they kid will just go, God? Nah. Do tell them that if they want to believe you won't judge but do give them critical thinking skills. Every time they ask you can give more and better examples of why you don't believe. If you are into politics talk politics with your kids and maybe talk about how the church influences politics in an undemocratic way. Also if you want to talk about other religions do, but imo talk about the cool historical significance they have, their cool myths, I'm sure all kids would love bedtime stories about how texcatlipoca created the world, or how Norse gods fought ice giants, or how Odin turned into a Swan and fucked a chick. I don't think you should treat religion as equal as atheism, it's not like "here is everything, pick what you want" because fundamentally atheism IS different from religion.
I agree that that's a cool experience I also have a friend who had about the same thing happen to him... He became kind of am ashole preachy Christian tho but thats a story for another time. I think secularism does lack that sense of community and practicality. There is this guy allain debotton who is an atheist who is very influenced by this communities and has some very interesting ideas. I don't agree a lot with him but he is worth listening too imo, maybe Google him you might consider it interesting.
That's so fucking cool TIL
If anything that's why we should! Ez wins!
You did say OUR emotions.
I hear that one and the scientology one are pretty accurate.
I'm glad! And I'm even more glad at least it was an experience that made you better.
What are you talking about? You tell the kid to stop and his dad to stop him of you'll get them kicked out.
