&gt; would be needed to produce any meaningful conclusions Sure they can produce meaningful conclusions, just not about the general population.
&gt; Wii U ~~Exclusive!~~ Excluded!
&gt; the thing was gross, looked mangy They all do, it's just the way they look. First one I saw in my garbage I thought was sick, but the coats of all that i've seen since look similar.
Uhh, the rest of the world has known about this for at least two decades.
[Everything is more popular around the world than pop music](http://srogers.cartodb.com/viz/14ebbf8c-ac44-11e4-8a55-0e018d66dc29/embed_map)
&gt; So then after being fired, she decides to publicly post all that information out of spite? That's not something to be commended. Given that we're talking about hundreds of millions of dollars of IP here, I would assume that poster signed a legally binding non-disclosure agreement, yet still decided to release the information via Reddit. If the poster didn't get sued to oblivion, I'd be surprised.
&gt; Jim Bob Duggar was an idiot for not seeking professional help for his son. There was a post somewhere about his views on incest taken directly from his political website, to the effect of advocating for corporal punishment. In light of this information it's pretty obvious why he tried to bury it. It would be great if one (or more) of his kids came out as gay. I think we'd see his head explode trying to reconcile this with his staunch evangelical and right-wing conservative beliefs.
One of the reasons I've avoided watching the HBO show despite all the hype. I'll wait until I can finish the book series, and then bing-watch the TV show while the book is still fresh in my mind.
Are you saying that someone first needs assets to be eligible to be sued? I'm no legal scholar, but I was under the impression that the company could sue (and possibly win a judgement) on lost profits due to her actions; if she can't pay up, then eventually they would probably garnish wages, and she'd never get out from under that debt.
&gt;That's like, totally different. I'm *not* saying the cops actions were justified--I find it appalling this guy was let "off the hook." But, it *is* a completely different encounter when a police officer kills someone: they're acting as agents of the state for the purpose of enforcing laws, whereas a citizen is not.
&gt; He's lost the story and/or fell too much in love with the fame and fortune his books and the HBO show have given him that the story has lost importance. The guy is famous for the first time in his life, enjoying the paid appearances and all that. I think he deserves to revel in it a while. It was probably a poor professional decision to allow the HBO show to move forward without a completed saga, but it certainly was a good business decision. He could just give up writing tomorrow, and I'd be OK with that. Not because I don't *really* want to read the forthcoming books (I do!), but because life is not so much about pleasing other people, but much more about making sure you're satisfied with what you've done. If he is, then good for him.
I tried to predict when GRR Martin's books would be published based on his past publishing history. It turns out that the *interval* between book publishings is roughly linear, with slope 0.6197 (book indices on y-axis--i.e., 1st book, 2nd book etc.--with intervals between book publishings on the x-axis), and an intercept at (0,1). This empirical model suggests that if GRR Martin's past publishing schedule holds for the future, the 6th book will be released in 2019, and, given that, the final book will be released in 2028.
&gt;they indirectly told him to stop torrenting shows and shit during the job interview This is standard, because it illegal. You shouldn't be breaking the law if you hope to work in a sensitive position.
Well, the didn't *learn* on that POS. A quality instrument certainly helps when learning to play.
TIL I'm OK with the no-color thing.
For most purposes, pseudo random number generators produce strings of numbers that are sufficiently random.
The problem is that "regular people" eat junk food and combine it with lack of exercise. Obviously a star athlete will have no problems temporarily eating garbage, but the average person will just as obviously have lots of problems with it.
..the internet?
I thought that after it reached '0' it would do a check that lasted 0.5-1 second to register a click 'at zero' (for the flair), and then if that failed, it would end.
Maybe he's renting out the upstairs..
Who took these photos?
You know you don't have to be a member of a political party to vote, right?
How often to people order "coffee" there, because I always feel like I'm the only one?
This is an old story. Has to be a repost?
While I agree that humans have evolved to love the taste of fat, so there are probably lots of people that would love that, it looks like waaay too much fat for my taste.
Diggin the Judge Dread one, looks cool.
Is it weird that I really want to know where they got her Pip-Boy?
Uhh, I don't think so. Unless of course you mean committing felonies for releasing classified documents or, you know, generally treasonous behavior.
&gt; and hinted at Comcast sucking at their job I think it's common knowledge that the monopoly model of current cable internet providers stifles innovation and drives up costs, making internet access more prohibitive instead of less. Fiber competitors are a good idea, but the infrastructure for widespread deployment is not available, and won't be any time soon. So, it's not just Comcast that is embarrassingly bad at supplying internet access to the USA, but the other providers don't do any better.
Closing one eye does the same thing...
&gt;Think of how stupid the average person is, and realize half of them are stupider than that Of course he would really mean "median," not average.
No, I think those people getting scared of the black guy are the real racists of the clip.
Don't you resign *after* you've accepted the competing offer from another company? This whole thing doesn't make sense; the first time you're employer is hearing about your offer is when you've already resigned. How could they keep you on board "to find a replacement?"
&gt; You realize some people actually have curiosity, right? Science attracts people like that. Feynman was vocal about his curiosity, where he enjoyed "the kick of the discovery;" figuring out something new about Nature that nobody else on Earth knows at that moment. Speaking as a scientist, I think many of us feel something similar, and are primarily curiosity driven in our research.
&gt; What you do with that knowledge (action) can be bad It is also in how the data are obtained. Even now, there is a lot of paperwork that must be filed for performing experiments on/using humans (even as simple as watching them play video games), and even approval must be gained to show that experiments on animals are humane (e.g., that they don't suffer when sacrificed).
&gt; I still have this phone and use it daily. Do you happen to also carry around a slide rule?
Humans do not think like or as quickly as CPUs. Of course a CPU may have options available to it that humans do not have. In this case, a CPU may have sufficient time to detect an anomaly and "choose" between alternative actions, whereas a human mostly unconsciously processes the input and makes only rudimentary decisions (e.g., keep the car on the road).
&gt; But it's important to know that numbers and math are things we invented and not stuff that actually exist There is debate about whether mathematical relationships are discovered or invented, so I'm a bit unclear on what you mean here.
There is nothing wrong about reaching for a pen and paper to do arithmetic problems. There is no "right way" or a "wrong way" to reach the correct answer to an arithmetic question.
Yes, but not for many others, and definitely not in general.
Considering that employers no longer respect "company loyalty" why should an employee by working so long?
Shouldn't they already have one?
It is definitely an art.
&gt; corporate restaurants take cleanliness very very seriously. I live in the USA, how do I get to the part of the world you live in?
That is one chunky baby...
That was pretty informative, thanks.
You know women are made up of the same stuff as you right? Just a little less of it? Although they may not seem like it, they're pretty durable.
There are machines that do this.
Shouldn't this in the very least be brought to the attention of the FDA? Exactly how a pallet made it into the food production line should be of concern.
Same here. Parking job confirmed his bumper sticker about himself.
Slick detective work. Not sure if I should be impressed or frightened by this.
&gt; put a piece of wood on the back side of the wall (even a paint stick works fine for this) and screw through the wall into the board on either side, and then screw in the patch to that piece of wood This is the way I've always known to do it.
I doubt that was his goal. He probably wanted a settlement from Pepsi, and was going to split the profits with the investors.
&gt; I've said this a number of times, but in ten to twenty years conservatives will be touting the idea that the ACA was basically drafted from their playbook (which portions of it definitely were). Except that it'll always be known now as "Obamacare," which the Republicans coined too.
You're completely disconnected from the market if you think places like McDonalds are staffed primarily by "high school kids."
Thanks for the reassurance, I was worried there we might make it out OK.
I saw them when I was a little kid. It was really entertaining.
It sounds like a lot of people are confusing "choose to identify" with "believe I am." Those are two very different things.
&gt;I won't charge you. ...aaaannnd that's how you haggle.
There's probably a good reason they don't advertise the download speed.
That would just make it more painful, as you eventually succumb but the poo infects the raw wounds. Ugh.
I get on my roof and blow them out with a leaf blower. I should rethink this plan.
&gt; Medicare $$$ goes to hospitals with religious affiliation. Why is education different? At private religious schools at the K12 level, religious 'classes' are often required. This is not the case in a 'religious' hospital.
I guess I was hooked from the books, but the show is very good on its own.
I thought they hit Amos' personality spot on--he's a psychopath after all, with absolutely no moral compass. I'm curious as to why they put Naomi in charge.. I like it so far; tv show Naomi is much more assertive than book Naomi.
I really liked Dark Matter.. waiting for season 2! I also really liked Killjoys.. lots of potential there too.
Didn't the CEO just decide several years ago that reality shows was where the money was, and ditch scripted drama? Nice to finally see SyFy (Sci Fi?) getting back to its bread and butter roots.
You might consider reading the first book. Its an easy read.
Well its worth it to binge the first four episodes now.
The illusion didn't work on me, I just saw a bad law firm ad.
&gt; The last 2 books were shit, and I don't think any future book is going to be much better I read the book series to date in one go over several months, and didn't notice any quality issues between books. In fact, I noticed that the quality remained steady while the story got more complex.
Yes, I'd work hard too if I was self-employed, had millions of dollars and fans, a giant mansion, and no other cares in the world.
You're saving 10% of your income? That's fantastic! I can barely save 3%. Saving that much at your income level is no easy feat. Is it sitting in a savings account or invested? I feel like it's not practical to invest it all, especially given random expenses that can pop up (plumbing problems, new set of tires etc) that you should be prepared to cover in an emergency.
&gt; couldnt the people of mereen potentially grow her armies when she goes back to westeros Wasn't this the obvious intent of building an empire in Essos? I just kind of assumed it would get around to her building an army and invading Westeros.
left at 2 am..
What do you mean by "subpar?" I think the opposite: in a field (sci-fi/fantasy) dominated by terrible writers (e.g., bad grammer, poor word choice, corny stories), his work stands out above and beyond many others.
Sci-fi/fantasy had such a stigma for so long, I kind of wonder what people that used to make fun of it think now, with the huge success of the genre (e.g. Battlestar galactica, GoT, LOTR trilogy). Are they still telling themselves it's stupid, or are they telling themselves that they were stupid for making fun? Don't give much weight to what one naive girl thinks; there are plenty of (beautiful) women out there that are huge nerds.
How did he manage to avoid getting shot and killed by a homeowner? I can't imagine someone breaking into a house at night in the USA and not expecting someone to level a gun at them..
I found [Henry Rollins](http://www.nyrock.com/img/2000/rollins_3.jpg)!
I'd use the "Bob Ross font."
But it's also how republicans still win elections despite all the unpopular extremist rhetoric.
I assumed "think" meant "problem solving," and not "what word does an object bring to mind." Thinking through a problem, for me anyway, requires a mixture of using words (asking myself the right questions) and manipulating objects abstractly via internal visualizations.
Something similar happens to the cells of your body.
&gt; http://www.mediaite.com/tv/are-conservatives-really-going-after-michelle-obama-for-promoting-water/ And I thought /u/MaxIsAlwaysRight was just joking.
Explain!
And don't forget to subsidize the big businesses that let taxpayers supplement their workers income with welfare programs because they pay them so little.
&gt; It's a part of the sentence that has no meaning other than make the sentence syntactically correct I always assumed the "it" here refers to the local environment. Why would it be any different?
&gt; You vote for independence due to what you believe is a positive future over generations. The neat thing about voting is that you can vote any way you want for whatever crazy reasons you like!
It sounds like from the skills you have you could find better work in almost any machine shop. Threading pipe isn't glamorous, but pays more. Also if you're willing to relocate out west, there should be opportunities working for companies that service oil and gas industry.
Targeted strikes against military targets according to rules of engagement is absolutely not "murder." I envy the sheltered life you lead.
&gt; The last author of a paper is typically the principle investigator of the work. This person is the scientist who acquired funding for research and runs the lab. For this paper, the senior author is Dr. Sanford Simon, Elena's father. You're right, this is common; but, the "senior author" often contributes to the study conception, interpretation of data, and sometimes contributing to experimental design. You make it sound as if writing proposals is all they do.
[Relevant XKCD](https://xkcd.com/435/)
I went over to a friends house once and watched his big brother finish Metroid (NES), start to finish in one go. It was amazing. It made such an impression that it stayed with me all these years.
I would assume the STEAM version would not work without some additional effort.
You can negotiate the bill with the hospital, if you don't have insurance to cover the costs. Insurance companies routinely negotiate significantly reduced costs, and so can regular folks.
What does public education have to do with EMS? If those are the two options, it makes far more economical sense for taxpayers to subsidize a public education system that directly contributes to increased GDP by ensuring the entirety of the populace a basic education. It's also well known that increased education correlates positively with increased personal income. It's really a win-win, both personally and as a society.
In another universe, you just won Powerball.
If you're like me it won't matter, you'll just end up calling it "cat" all the time.
Energy is like a currency for motion that gets transformed into local denominations depending on the exchange rate of what is being done. For the acceleration of the point mass you describe, all the work is estimated by the kinetic energy needs via the Work-Energy theorem. And the kinetic energy goes as the square of the speed, which is the source of your observation.
Yes. Every observer sees light traveling at the same measured speed, c (~3x10^8 m/s). So, light from one ship *will* eventually reach the other. One reason why all (non-accelerating) observers will measure the same speed for light, is because Maxwell's equations hold in all inertial reference frames from which the speed of light can be "derived" based on the permittivity and permeability of free space.
