Ever try flipping it? As in the recipe, not an egg. Anejo and white port.
Where the fuck is brann?
Could do dobel white reposado and be tight.
That's more like you're change back. A refund would be all the amount they took.
I think he means it's not printed what the money is used for.
If you pay ten bucks for a beer that's sic bucks and get four back the four is not a refund.
Change with no interest.
I saw this episode ten minutes ago and noticed it as well. Had a chuckle at Rick the dick.
No sandlot gif?
Wet means vermouth.
And wages have stayed the same since then.
Adjusted for inflation?
The link you posted is basically quoting my original statement. "Wages have stayed the same" vs "wages have barely budged for decades"
He hooked himself. Implying he's not too smart.
Better in the sense that it doesn't take oil to make and is completely renewable?
I would argue it does as you scale up for production. Just to pull one of your examples how many years would it take to grow a coconut tree just to use the byproduct of the fruit and not the entire plant?
Hemp can grow in far more places in the world than just the equator like coconuts.
Found the bee killer.
We're in debt to them because they purposefully keep their dollar low and exploit workers.
The difference would be wolves not stray dogs.
Dumplings anyone? Dario argento?
Never here. Politicians in my state do whatever they want once elected and it's pretty damn hard to vote out incumbents.
Reminds me of that japanther video. Edit : panther not japanther https://youtu.be/pnP9CjDxRDM
Xanga
He just defined the word. I'd say that's checkmate dude.
Ha
Zing!
Probably just wait ten years and send in the robots.
Who greenlighted this song haha.
Fisting?
Doubt that dude is making jamon or mortadella.
Andouille
Can somebody overdub a wudos band track over this for me?
Isn't there a study about the more advanced a culture gets the less children they have? Pretty sure I've seen a few Ted talks on it at least.
What no cipollini?
Did I say anything about lyrical content?
Did it work? I'm actually curious.
Divide and conquer
To be fair we took all five miles. No animal in the history of earth has made it this far yet. We will eventually fail no doubt but the next big thing will see all we left behind.
Nooooo waaaaaay
Red green was my shit.
Miller is Milwaukee
Hey that thing that got destroyed that cost billions of dollars and years to build? Some rich dude has another one. Crisis averted.
Kind of like beam and suntory. None of these international companies belong to any one nation anymore regardless of headquarters.
Wait til it comes out their super pacs are buying our presidents elections.
He should've sucked his dick.
I always tilted my chair back and then sat on my toes.
I've kept my weed in the amerna jar after use. Smells great and is the perfect size.
Fun note the luxardos are the remains from after they pit them to make luxardo. The luxardo family has owned the same orchard since the 18th century. Probably the same cherries Harry craddock used.
You win life. You don't work in Tulsa do you?
Reminds me of every gas station in my hometown on 9/11.
Alvin Toffler future shock describes this exact thing.
What's to stop foreign nations forming corporations to buy elections?
Lol
Meh I dunno. I seem to remember Bart Simpson getting an elephant from a radio show on this premise.
I really wanna like hockey but I grew up in Oklahoma with zero chance. Where do I start?
Thanks! I'll give it a go. Not the friend thing, everybody here watches football and baseball but definitely just start with the season.
Whitest video I've ever seen.
Can you even buy a quince anymore?
Hurry up and make weed legal. Source an Oklahoman whose been driving for your beer for a decade.
Playgirl*
Wish I could. Wish I had stairs too though.
Investments imply a return.
Dude just doesn't get it. Let's cut our losses on the one Asian dude that doesn't get math.
Live in your car be home faster!
Live in your car be home faster!
I get that it helps you get to work to make the 30k which may seem like the return on your 3k purchase however roi would be if you sold the 3k car for 4k.
Fat kid still fat.
Pretty much just wants to be from the 1910 to 1940s era dude with a cell phone to post shit on the internet.
Hanging with the boys
This. One word sentences.
Yeah me too. It's the equivalent of I can't even. Can't what? Finish a sentence?
Between the buried and me vocalist.
Oklahoma had the ten commandments at our capital til a drunk driver plowed em down.
I thought a drunk driver plowed these down last year.
Jesus lizard is a sweet band.
It's poptarts all the way down.
Fried beer raviolis!
Tell that to Phil Hartman.
It was in walk like a man.
Tell that to Frasier.
Is there precedent for a scj having dimentia or altzheimers?
Isn't that supposed to be isreal?
Oh yeah my j went out. Thanks homie.
This song.
What is it
Caligula was tight too.
You forgot to pinch your nose bridge every four seconds.
Pics
Worked for the beatles
Yeah, he plays a character in that episode.
Yeah fuck them.
The world went and got itself in such a damned hurry.
So maybe don't call them korea anymore? Why is it's south Korea's responsibility?
I think it's inevitable.
We did spend half a century jailing people for being rumored as communist.
Same with Kevin's dad on wonder years
Every thread. Really?
The dude that started it owned a restaurant called the chili bowl a long time ago. Just a huge racing fan that was like fuck it lets do our own loud as fuck Mario kart without the bananas.
He wasn't wrong in 2002
