I hate swinging my glaive towards a monster I just caw trip to another source only to hope on its back shortly after. I physically wince whenever I do this. But in the time I do notice in time, I let myself gently fall to the floor to begin my ground assault.
Pigs are just regular pigs though? Kelbi are kinda deer-like and in Primal Forest you can see what I always assume to be flamingos flying around some sections. The alpaca isnt normal because it seems that its actually friendly!
If its on sale, make sure it isn't still higher than the current [amazon price](http://www.amazon.co.uk/Monster-Hunter-Ultimate-Nintendo-3DS/dp/B00LEW3GAO). As for N3DS vs regular. I hope new is XL because you want XL to actually see/appreciate the game. I am currently using a circle pad pro for my 3DSXL and its awesome actually, its much comfier than curling my hands around the 3DSXL on its own. I believe the game saves to the cartridge anyway so if you're planning on getting both MH4U and a New3DS evetually you may as well go for the game NOW GET IT NOW PLAY IT BECAUSE ITS AMAZING
Wandering the lands slaying anything that poses a threat. With my Caravan in tow and every possible piece of equipment crafted, I would no longer be hunting for pleasure or sport. I hunt because I must. I hunt to protect. I hunt so we can carry on living. I am a Monster Hunter.
That's the once I've been using Tigrex is my most hated monster though, so hopefully I can sort myself out and start smashing its face with my sheild.
I would love to have Gog or even Dalam gear but they've never even seen a shaguru :( A good setup I use is 2x required colour, 2x unreal blocking, 1x Skill tech. They block almost everything and the attack is almost always attack \^ I hope my setup helps with info but I don't know any numbers at all.
Not only does it assist with being able to see/aim all of the time. ITS SO COMFY Tried it without and the ds is so tiny in my hands without it. I'm pretty sure the CPP also helps with your hands in ways such of RSI, my i don't get the sharp pain I used to get with mini 3DSXL
Pretty sure the cat swagaxe is a reference to Cheshire cat. Drills, machine sounds, combinations, similarities in armour. Seems a lot like a reference of some sort.
I believe it can swing both way. If both parties are too drunk to make much sense or have total control, whats to stop the male from feeling like they're trapped/have to go along with it? They could both be in the same situation and not want to do it but lack communication and both end up potentially feeling raped.
I Killed my first G-Rank Jho in the episode quest for Cha Cha and Kambaya. Carved my first Crook upon killing it. Solo.
Oh i didn't even see the 3 gems lol So focused on the crook. Gratz! I once carved 2 gems from a single jho, then had 3 gems in reward box, then got a gem in a subquest. i think this was the Savage caravan Jho the first time I fought him. 6 Gems one quest =P
While I agree that these posts are annoying and do belong elsewhere. I think that there needs to be more awareness raised for MHClan so people actually go there more and use it.
Stand in the frenzy puddles! Got it thanks, Feelers for dayyysss
The only move that causes me problems is the Horn-flick I farmed Diablos Quite a bit back in Tri, which made Monoblos quite easy when i found him, and then zero issues with other blos. Apart from White Mono, what is that guy on?
There was a post here recently that made me hunt this way. It was about a couple of friends who picked up the game in Tri and hunted together. Then they got to the Qurepeco and was like maan why is this bird so small. Then it called a Rathian. They were hyped when they managed to kill it and said this isn't a game anymore, this is a hunt! So recently, when I fight, I've been sitting back, collecting my extracts and then hammering in with leg/face/mounts. Don't get hit, hit it till it dies.
Additionally, I love using my insect glaive for this. I recently Solo'd the Cha Cha episode quest for the G-Rank Jho. I ran around it in circles, away, up to it, under it. Constantly keeping myself buffed, hitting it whenever it has openings, mounting it when I feel like it, Wystoning when I can. My Bug put in so much work during that fight. About 50% of flinches came from a charge Kinsect. That includes flinches to knock it out of an attack!
Oh shit back up your save! On the srs though, huh?
Its a shame this hadn't gotten more attention, I suppose thats why its linked from elsewhere ;) But I liked it, general acceptance of the inevitable. One criticism I'd have is that if he had found absolutely nothing in space, what was on the space station and why didn't he think anything of it? (Or she)
I have been seeing reddit links on google recently that say they are/lead to reddit but it is some kind of business with ads and other such. Not so many pop-ups though. I think some links are being hijacked.
Fair enough, they don't know what happened and frankly they wouldn't worry too much about what it is seeing as they're drifting. I like the nameless/genderless diary like writing, you can imagine it being yourself.
So far the only Gathering Hall G-Rank monster I have Solo'd is the episodic quest for Cha Cha and Kayamba. It took forever, hopefully it wasn't weakened, making my first Grank solo less but it was so intense!
Maybe an exaggeration on "well defined " I'm not sure what you mean by well defined but weighing in at about 11.4 stone, all I have is skin and lack of muscle. All I need is to build it a bit and its easily visible.
What way of religion makes it different from humanism?
Oh my. Well, they're from DLC and they're mini stories with 3 quests each in them. Each feature a small challenge for you to complete. You first download them. Then you activate them by talking to your house-keeper and selecting the episodic quest line you want to do. You then activate the quests by talking to a special character that appears in the Gathering hall or Elder Hall. One that I did included: 1. Deliverying 10 secret stashes 2. Delivering 3 fulgur bugs (using bug net on a tripped zinogre) 3. Killing a Seregios on your caravan at sea (with cannons and ballista if you choose) The third quest becomes a permanent feature in your event quests which you can do for special items such as palico equipment or a unique monster/fight. The episode quest I mentioned made me fight 2. an akantor and 3. an ukanlos with a severely reduced time limit. I managed to solo them both using IG :)
Yes, my partbreaker set is stupidly fast at breaking anything breakable. Apart from Chameleon tails, but that thing is a bastard to hit.
I am GMT and I can be online about 6.30PM. HOPEFULLY, I still ahve my kirin quest. I levelled it up to G rank when I was only high rank and I couldn't farm it anymore becasue it requires G3 and I was only lowly G1. I seriously think my brother may have deleted it like a fucktart though. but we'll see
Whats the starting level? I may ask here otherwise jump on mhclan/mhguild place thing
Well fuk, it makes my time with the Djinn fire SnS line even more impressive. Caravan though so weaker anyway.
You get a couple of cool extras for the game. You can enlist help if you need it as they're in the gathering hall. You just have to be the one to initiate it. You're welcome \^^
Aren't masterrace subs satirical subs though =P You must be a filthy casual on MH if you have that much time to spend on DOTA!
Same here, I seem to be dealing with white just fine.
Ahh another C. Gore user, but you're getting downvoted :(# I think as long as we can avoid elemental attacks we'll be A-OK. Sadly my awaken is wasted most of the time, especially when I actually need the minds eye for my IG so I can continue a combo and just use mind's eye for that one part that bounces me and makes me reset.
What? How do they do a quicker lap by changing the angle? 0.0
Ahhh that last sentence made it all make sense to me. I've been wanting to make a Chameleos set for status crit but going by this it would be pretty pointless to have, status up would be betetr, especially seeing as I've been using Crit + 3 (plus other skills) on my Rath Soul Z set since G1.
The Indominus only gets 1 cart though.
G3 and I still don't understand snowman. Do i just spin the move stick as you'd expect? I spin to escape pins and stuns so I expect snowman is the same, spinning on the spot just seems useless though.
I've had a single game freeze. Went to sit down for some food and MEOW FOR FOR YOU
Oh her, I actually like the rediculously mockney accent on her songs I think its more of a gimmick than an "icon status" though
I have never seen as much HAES dribbel as comes from the US. We don't provide scooters for people to drive around in shops and we don't show off "models" such as Tess all over the place. There are fat people in british media and tv and some comedians even make fun of themselves for being fat and unhealthy
So we die. And someone else wakes up as... Us?
Don't know why we need sleep? I've actually heard that we do know. It's to wash out or spinal fluid and rid ourselves of all the toxins in our body. Give us time to recuperate our mind and body to prepare for the next session of being awake.
Not all of them though!
10* Brachy might want to have a word with you.
I'd say so yes. If you were to flash and escape it would prevent the enemy getting the kill gold. If you flash to execute you still prevent the enemy getting kill gold.
quitt quiee actually
GIF cut short, the dog keeps on walking until it goes out of sight. Edit: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6cX7TEZd9EA
I agree, I try to open with W so I get the speed proc on who I want and then proceed to AA &gt; Q &gt; AAA &gt;(dash) &gt; AAAAA. My low attack speed build with CDR boots allows me to kite more without losing too much dps too.
I got a relatively large wrist rest, foam, soft and floppy thing. It came in a box which could fit at least 10 of them in it, and a ridiculous amount of air bags. Amazon love their huge boxes.
Wake up sex is so good until the alarm goes off :(
Its because he managed to post it 4 times somehow
I'm only 23, I've already changed my mind though. I used to really think I wanted kids, over the past 4 years it has got less and less and now I dread the thought of wanting kids but I don't want to go full infertile mode just in case. I don't believe I will want kids, the time and money they require is just too much, I want to be selfish with my life and there is nothing wrong with that.
But whats on and off? Is it 1 when the sperm is working or the valve working. Is it 0 when sperm if off or the valve is open?
90% larger. Doesn't this actually just mean 1.9x the amount?
Which you have to aim/cast/channel while he runs away with all of his speed buffs.
Wow that Maw passive, so much heals.
My Girlfriend had an XFX R9-290X. That thing ran like Wildfire, we used Furmark to test the abilities and heat of it, it would rest about 75 and then got ~90^o C when in use. Shit was hot.
I think the point is just that it is overly rude to someone who is obviously asking a question about something else..
I hate shit that you can dodge/miss/flash away from, and then it makes it go on 0 CD so it can be used again. Well WTF was the point in me avoiding it in the first place if its just back off CD instantly?
Biochemistry. 3 Year degree. 2 years in, too depressed and not interested enough to complete it. 2.5 years of Uni and come out with a Diploma of Higher education. Meh, working sales/marketing office job now.
He doesn't sound native speaking at all. Its also polite to answer a question someone asks, that's mainly my problem here. But no doubt she did answer the question, just after this video gets cut off.
I mean, its a cool coincidence but does it have to be so [meme'd](http://niceme.me/)
Yep, the force is in everything. I just rewatched episode 5 and Yoda talks about how the dark side is easier and more seductive, it comes from anger, hate, fear. Whereas the light side is maybe a bit harder but nicer, from love, hope, straightforward-ness, calm, focus. The force is in everything and anyone can use it, its just the jedi who take the time to study it, feel it and use it. ^^^^ (ignore episode 1 midichlorian bullshit, no one cares what midichlorians are or what they do. They aren't the force, the force is)
I hate this so much. Whenever you miss a skillshot or lose an all in. "Level 5????" So toxic, yet no sandbox because that will make people more toxic...
Hm true, I agree that I was wrong and that he didn't say it flows through. But then a rock and a ship are the same thing to the force, I think thats more that there is force in and around everything. I didn't see the edit before posting but yes that's what I meant :)
Kinda sounds like Steraks. Only it lacks the armor component.
Is this similar to what used to happen before the "bug fix"?
You should also post a video showing when Tahms W does go on cooldown after blocking it.
Yep, he's playing to his audience. His audience is a bunch of retards in this case but its all for the show. (I hope)
I'd love to have enough motivation to learn a new language! Keep it up! I bet the achievement outweighs the struggle.
Smashing a Dragons face in with a massive Sword/Hammer/Sheild/Axe/Explosion as its about to blast you with fire or take off and slap you with its tail. Jumping off a ledge and mounting a monster as it charges towards you trailing explosions. Knocking it over and chopping off its mace of a tail which causes it to flinch and roar at you in outrage as you charge towards it yourself ready to cause even more damage to its highly evolved form. Monster Hunter is the Most badass I have felt in a game.
People have answered the question so I will add to it. Recently there has been news of Exams being moved due to Ramadam. Exams have always been at the same point in the year, whereas Ramadam moved recently for some reason. So everyone's regardless of religion, exams are being moved to a different time to better suit Muslims.
This is the most descriptive answer, if lacking a little formatting. Option 1: Do anything in a game but only play 1/2 the time you do now. Option 2: Limited to what the game gives you but play unlimited amount. On PC, you can MOD games which means add content, add cheats/characters all legally and legitimately within the game. On console, Modding/cheating is very difficult and requires third party software, often voiding warranties, potentially banning you from the online portion of the game or (online completely? Not sure) In the PC community, /r/pcmasterrace, calls console players peasents as they willfully accept their lower status given to them by the console makers. PC is master race as they have passed the false advertising and crappy hardware of consoles and use PC. PewDiePie is a huge YouTuber and also a PC gamer, thus commenting this while playing the would you rather game.
The Ricky Gervais quip. Something like "If I told you I used to do heroin but now I'm 3 years clean, loads of cheers. But if I said I've never done heroin once. Nothing". [Found the Video if anyone cares](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L-Qep5Dc3IE)
Shift drag is so weird!
As someone who isn't 25 yet, I saw this with some relief. Then realised only 1 year to go and got worried again.
They're run on separate servers and stuff aren't they? Its possible they could just add an image for that patch they play on.
Maybe because of all the leaks, they just wanted to release it officially before everything got slowly leaked and ruined.
Yea they are on the same deploy, I just wondered how much it would take to add an image Seems like something that can be hotfixed BUT the map is probably all one piece so no hotfix inable
I have Surgeon Shen and I think it looks kinda Naff compared to the others' updates
He got made proper surgeon-like. Which is very good in terms of skin, theres just not as much bad-assery to happen on it sadly.
Trundle's Ult used to be 75 Mana? Whats up with that? Some champs used to have 200 Mana cose, trundle was hiding behind his pillar hoping to not get noticed this whole time!
But it failed!
Yep, he can still crit. Having a passive that only gives movement speed on the 4th shot for crit would be silly! (Ekko, Gnar :3)
Looks like seregios trynd with a Ratgalos Gsword. It looks different but also similar
Yea good, thanks. I don't usually watch these but I appreciate the effort to show people such as me :)
Macarena
But you have 3 dashes. Its not like you're getting 1 jump and they're gone.
They can stack the MS? I didn't know that! I thought when I got 2 procs it was just 2x procs of damage. 1x proc of speed.
Too soon? Nah the queen can't die soon enough
Taric incoming.
Doii, my comment was in reference to the "Always"
I used to play so much solo, before all of my friends got into it and we started pertying up, it would be non stop solo games. Now I barely play solo but I'm trying to get back into it, I still love the game but premades have spoilt me. Could this begin a downfall of solo players even more? A lot of people wouldn't bother to start soloing avain once they're friends are on less and just move on..
If you can't fill. Don't select fill.
And then he turns into Dankey Kang when MEGA!
Yea I don't get the issue of matching like for like. It obviously comes around at higher elo where there are less players overall but in lower elo, limiting teams to being Vs teams which have the same number of premades is just sensible.
The problem with Teams is a limited number of members, names and organisation to be done, have to climb for separate teams. If Dynamic gave you a different rank maybe? Dynamic rank which works the same as SoloQ/DuoQ but separates the huge parties. This would need more server space, storage for more ladders, and cause a mess in ranking. And teams are an established method for a set amount of people to play as a name and have a team rank. not sure what I'm trying to say but I like dynamic queue, I also with there was a way to play with more that Duo on Ranked queues on summoners rift, not only TT for 3 ranked people.
This is what I think should happen. Solo/Duo Rank and Dynamic Rank. The problem being this will probably take up double the amount of server use that current ladder stats take up. Which is probably not going to happen.
Thats what I always hated about the "Carry your team so you climb" *theory* A Challenger player can climb from bronze to challenger because they are Challenger and vastly outweigh the abilities of bronze. But Silver/Gold player would have a lot more trouble climbing out of Bronze as they are not That much better. Its a much steeper hill for the average player to climb than the top percentage player.
Weird. Cool, just thought I'd clarify :)
When and why was in god we trust added to money?
