Yeah half the time the people who do these mods to themselves work in the field itself. I wouldn't get a tattoo done by an artist that had zero tattoos themselves. My best friends dad owns a very reputable tattoo shop and all their employees do weird shit to their bodies.
I doubt they're actually crying just like somebody doesnt actually have to laugh out loud to say lol.
I'd avoid having children. Constantly watching them grow old and die would grow depressing like immediately.
He wont have much to keep his bearings straight and with humans having a dominant arm he'll just be swimming in circles. I doubt most people would have a flipping clue how to get to Europe without modern tech such as compasses that we take for granted.
I'm not American so that's my excuse for not being able to identify 75% of the shit in that cart.
Man, half of my Canadian history classes were all about how hard we managed to fuck the natives. Maybe other peoples schools glossed over it but mine most definitely did not.
To be fair the survival rate of children 100 years ago without the medicine we have now wasnt great. My Amma grew up dirt poor in the depression and out of the 10 kids her parents had only 5 of them made it to adulthood. They were an extreme case but they were white so we cant blame it on cultural genocide.
You can update a computer all you want but eventually the hardware (your brain) will be primitive. You can augment your body to an extent but that's like trying to update the first computer with modern programs, shit just won't fit.
Damnit, I never figured mental math cuming easily to me would be such an issue.
Oh cmon, the bitch invited me over for dinner.
Never gets old.
I mean its the same alcohol percentage of beer, its the sugar that will end yur night over the toilet though.
Until somebody who you didnt use the power on rapes somebody you did use the power on and they weren't able to fight back as a result.
I can back this up. Im a bartender and were generally functional alcoholics and for some reason people love you even though you just pour drinks for a living.
I always thought my teachers were wholesome people until I was old enough to be friends with several teachers, you fuckers like to get drunk.
Google has been my tech support for years. The older members of my family are convinced I'm a computer genius when in reality I just know how to google shit. I have yet to correct them on that.
They had the design trade because its too commercial/mainstream? Sounds like they are hipsters and so are you, just in a bit of denail. Nothing wrong with being a hipster as long as youre not an asshole.
Last time I checked one bombs abortion clinics and fights to deny rights to people and the other does not.
Id say its not an equal chance. Its more likely its all made up.
Yeah just go back to her home country and never set foot in America again unless she intends to deal with all those bills.
Everybody does eventually and there is nothing I can do to prevent by own inevitable death. Yeah it really sucks but I tend to not dwell on things I can't stop from happening. It is what it is.
I mean if it wasnt for France giving you shit while also attacking Britian you would have likely lost the revolutionary war. So at this point you're just even, all you did was hit back the favour.
Youre right, you didnt justify mass jail rape. You just justified and condoned cruel and unusual punishment. Raise your hand if you think prisoners should be washboarded as punishment.
Karma assumes the innocent weren't harmed. But they were, this is just sad.
We hunted off many their natural predators so for many species us hunting them is necessary to keep their population in check like it naturally would have.
If anything they may have also not shot him because he was an unarmed dude just playing some music.
Not having to clean up doesnt mean you have to leave it looking like a tornado hit. If you make a mess like this while eating out you may either be an asshole or legitametly retarded.
Shit doesnt happen that quickly. These young people were fucked over well before they even had the right to have a say in it. Older people can't blame younger generations for the shit they voted to enact. Bloody ridiculous.
Yeah we could just cut military spending on pointless shit by a tiny fraction and have more than enough to pay for this. The amount of shit America could give it's people if they just stopped spending obscene amounts of pointless wars.
Focusing on everybody at once at this point wont result in anything noticeable. But working on one demographic at a time is realistic and will produce noticeable results faster.
He was discussing education, not employment. 5500 a year ond educatiob per person is quite reasonable.
Things like lobsters have multiple "brains" so destroying one likely wont even render it unconscious while boiling it overloades it's nerves and has it dead in seconds. So boiling it is the humane way to kill it if you want to eat it. That's not even touching ground on the fact that lobsters and chimps have a hilarious difference in sentience.
He was also a decorated soldier from world war one, the guy was a steaming pile of shit but to call him a coward would be dishonest.
Then log the fuck in. This could be easily fixed if you werent so damn lazy.
Maybe from your hilariously bloated military.
And nobody who wrote the gospels were there to see the miracles of christ. Your own argument is really unraveling on you.
But if god guided man into using said antibiotics dont we run into the issue of free will?
Seriously, if I'm only getting laid that often then Ill just go hang out with dudes. The extra effort of a relationship is nowhere near worth it if I'm still stuck jerking myself in a pool of sexual frustration.
Yeah its more just tossing your line out there until something finally bites.
The top few men are doing all the fucking. In your mind its an equal ratio of one to one except for the fact that most woman are fucking the same group of guys. So its easy for 20 girls to get laid while only 5 guys do the same.
They dont have those youthful good looks to fall back on anymore and need to start being more forward.
If brigading is what got them banned I'm curious why SRS is still around. Let's face it, they only enforce these rules when it's with groups they don't politically agree with.
So why is every other sub that using photos of real people to laugh at them still around. I dont even have to think deeply to think of some.
But Pao politically agrees with SRS so her rules will never be applied to them. They'll turn this place into a SJW hellhole and it will be the death of this place.
Even if it was they still wouldnt have banned them. The SJW would spin it in the media making it look like Reddit was against equality for woman and minorities. They are dealing with a loaded gun.
Ive seen countless examples of them being reported for clear cut examples. The admins lean to the far left though so good luck getting them to do shit all about it.
Do you start in August? Public schools in Canada go from beginning of september until nearly the end of June. Private schools often end in may but they generally give less days off and move at a quicker pace.
Yeah that sub sunk into a turtle shell knowing they would ban them at their first excuse. They wont even let them link to archives anymore. They're being smart about it, hard to find a reason to ban them when they dont link to other parts of reddit.
They wish they did.
Happens to me all the time. Stupid French setting on Canadian keyboards.
I mean we have his face on coins from the right time period and regions and had entire cities named after him in the areas he conquered. So a bit more evidence than Jesus.
I'm not sure what your priest/pastor told you but that's hilarious. Care to list some of these things that prove the bible?
Right, its the first world, if those are your standards you have shit standards.
Neither are white straight woman.
I doubt you'd relate to no texting, had to call everybody on their land line or use dial-up internet to talk to them on like the original msn messenger.
Luck. And they likely carry enough cleaning wipes to keep the child clean at least.
Some seem to think evoking god is the simplest solution when in reality it only raises far more complicated questions. If a universe cant come from nothing and theoretically this is very possible then where did this super complex creator come from? If complexity requires design then we need to also explain the complexity of god.
Yeah but rotting bodies aren't know for being super clean. They wont catch the flu from them but you also dont wanna get that bacteria in your mouth or eyes. If you think rotting bodies are ok then go touch some and then rub your eyes and lick your fingers.
Well I mean she's a white person pretending to be black getting all pissy about actors doing the same shit. It's a tad hypocritical.
Vasectomy surgeries are not always reversible, if your suggestion is something that can remove my ability to everbhave children then you are clearly delusional.
You're correct, but it does have to do with the child and none of them getting sick from being covered in rotting remains.
Im betting your graduated like 2 years ago and feel all superior about it.
And with the knife my guess is you'd stick a guy with it and pull the trigger.
Drugs, Ive tried many of them and it's rare for a movie to portray their effects properly.
Yeah if you take a hit to the head and arent awake very quickly you likely fucked something up.
Everybody has a right to an opinion but this bullshit about having to respect it is nonsense. Some opinions really don't deserve any respect.
Catholics didnt exist 2000 years ago. Christianity as a religion didn't even exist 2000 years ago.
Winter wonderland thankyou very much.
And what is immoral about homosexuality? Without using the bible give me some secular reasons as to why homosexuality is immoral.
People do exist now that never experienced the 90s and are now asking questions of people who did. How you hold this opinion on a site made for this kind of content is beyond me.
I remember doing hard labour, I could eat the diet of an obese person and be just dandy. Hit me hard when I stopped doing hard manual labour.
She's gonna need more drugs if she's brainstorming.
Yeah I unsubbed from the subreddit until I saw the finally as to avoid spoilers and some fuckwit ruined it in the comments of a totally related sub. I hope that guy gets chronic blue balls.
Majority of guys dont give a shit if you've fucked 10000 times with 2 guys. That displays loyalty and commitment. Guys have issues when you've fucked the same amount but with countless guys.
Youre right, and nobody is obligated to stick around if they are uncomfortable with the fact that their partner was more adventurous with their past partners but not with them.
Not how it works? A girl could have fucked 3 different guys 1000 times and be very experienced while still having a low partner count. You don't have to have 30 partners to be experienced in bed. You seem to have fooled yourself into thinking the only way a girl could be experienced in bed is if she's fucked half the town, which is very not true.
The discrimination they faced ended far less than 150 years ago, segregation only ended in the 60s. Jesus, it was like 50 years ago that they were allowed to even occupy the same space as white people. Of course were still seeing the fallback of that. Dont be such a dunce.
As soon as your grandpa was a slave and your people were only allowed to occupy the same space as others 50 years ago you'll have a point to make. Segregation wasnt that long ago.
Panicked people with no required training firing their guns.....no possible way that could make shit worse.
Yeah you could illegally get a gun but it will cost you an arm and a leg, the average criminal isn't gonn be able to fork over that sort of cash. And the last massacre in Australia occured right before they made their ban on guns and they havnt had a single one since, how many has America had in even the last 3 years? The rest of the first world has strict gun control and it works wonderfully for us. You guys have a weird gun fetish.
Oh he did show up and Jesus was the legit son of God? Present your evidence for this and Ill concede, if not then get out of here with baseless assertions.
God is supposed to be all knowing. He knows exactly what would convince me. Either he chooses to not show himself to me or he is not capable of doing so.
I mean if you gotta force the label "people" onto everybody.
I think that either your school sucked or your country has shitty public education standards. We had already done basic long division by that point.
Even some M just makes me wanna have a cuddle puddle on a couch with some blankets and friends. Nothing about dancing seems fun to me at that moment. Too many strangers at the club that I cant hug but want to.
Yeah I grew up with that shit in Canada, opening those is like breathing for me, never occurred to me that people might need it explained.
Except he's never tried to take away your guns.
I mean you have less room for enough power to make that 16 ton monster go quickly when it's as armoured as it is. Plus it would have a small army protecting it from the outside as well. Good luck getting through all that shit, and if you do manage to then at that point you've honestly earned the kill.
Plus you damn well know the area has been searched before his arival. Not a damn chance in hell any sketchy looking shit is left in it's path. He is arguably one of the top two hardest men to kill on the planet.
Its like busses, no seat belts required as it will plow through most every vehicle. Plus I'm positive they are included in case of emergency but the weight of the vehicle alone would make most impacts negligible.
Yeah I wanna know where that is the standard price cause I've never seen it that cheap.
Or that that short haired chick slipped bronn an extra antidote before they left since she fancies his D.
Yeah it seems silly that the prince of Dorne, nephew to the viper himself, knowing his stepmom was out to kill his girlfriend would set off without an array of antidotes on him.
I doubt he give them his son if he was behind the poisoning. Plus he's been pretty adamant about the fact that he doesnt kill children and also does not want war since he knows what that entails. Him poisoning her wouldnt make any sense.
Yeah all 3 of them know how to handle a blade. Unless they run of the mill ship crew are secret ninjas rebelling would be a poor choice. And even if they win once they hit the shores of Westoros with a dead or chained up Jamie and a dead little girl theyre all fucked anyways.
I doubt it, even Bronn isn't a killer of innocent children especially when he's already been made a lord back home, plus Jamie was going to make him a considerably higher up lord once they returned. No way Bronn is betraying him.
Ive noticed that girls are more likely to wanna go and dance while rolling at a club while guys tend to wanna be in a quiter environment. I could be wrong but that's been my experience so far.
Most of the first world is pretty socialist and were doing just dandy. Come and talk shit about it when the standard of living is higher in America that in countries that employ higher levels of socialism.
Its like these people think that if it benefits the country it cant be socialist since socialism is a bad thing.
And most of them were born into the money. Moving up social levels is the exception, not the norm.
