This is what's holding me back from buying the game too. Buying a house out in the country has its downsides.
Got married. Bought a house. Expecting first born next month. Best year of my life.
Definitely seems recent. There isn't a guitar in sight.
Just a joke. I love the stuff from Currents so far.
They prefer meese.
What a ridiculous complaint.
She knew.
I used to eat a bologna sandwich with American cheese and miracle whip on white bread almost everyday as a kid. I only recently started eating mayo again after a fifteen year break. Still don't eat bologna, American cheese or white bread and I doubt I will ever again.
If I were to bet 100 dollars that you are wearing flip flops, I would take that bet.
Diddy Kong Racing was remade for the DS. Donkey Kong Country Returns and Xenoblade - two games for the Wii - were remade for 3DS. I guarantee you there is not a single conversation at Nintendo HQ that is going along the lines with your reasoning. There isn't a pattern with remakes that Nintendo is following. You have one example of a GameCube game being remade for the Wii U. You are basing this entirely on the fact that there are three N64 remakes on the 3DS, but you're also discounting the two Wii games that also had a remake. So what can we conclude? Nothing!
So these games originally came out on a home Nintendo console, and the newest home Nintendo console is the only place we won't be seeing this collection. Hm.
Man I wish I could replay that game over again for the first time. You saved the best for last.
We have that. It's called Super Mario World.
I wish I had done some more research before buying this game. Nothing wrong with the game at all, but I have satellite internet and a data cap that throttles to dial up speed after reaching the cap. As it stands, if I play an hour of online I will eat up an entire gigabyte of data. Luckily I have unlimited use during 12a to 5a. But I also work 9 to 5. So at best if I want to cut into my sleep I can get in an hour after midnight without using up data. This game is awesome, but I'm already seeing the effects of owning the game without full online capabilities as an option. Years down the line when the servers are done, I won't be putting this game in to play single player mode.
Yeah. It's even worse because I've had unlimited high speed internet for as long as it's been widely available. I bought a house out in the forest which is awesome, but I won't be getting internet here probably ever. Satellite is the only way to go. Now I have to really decide if I want to watch a YouTube video which is something that I've never really had to do before.
Ahh that's good to hear!
I remember forgetting to leave my backpack in my locker after my school began enforcing a no backpack in the classroom policy to prevent shootings. Class was stopped once my government teacher noticed I had my backpack with me and he asked me to remove my backpack from the classroom. I don't know why he thought that would have prevented me from using a gun if I had one.
I would say so. This game has a ton of charm. You'll likely beat the game the first time you sit down with it, but you can't play each level on any given play through. There are alternate paths and warps to access different levels. Basically the first level will be the same every time but that's it. Play it for the one liners if anything.
Hopefully. Can't wait to play Mario Kart 16 online without a data cap. I live in the country.
I really don't understand this logic. Prayer is answered based off of first hand experience: god exists. Prayers are not answered in others' experience: god exists. Not to be dark, but if your sister didn't recover, do you think your parents would have still found god after your dad's prayer?
On the contrary, what if their closest support system at the time happened to be atheist or of a different religion? Do you think that would have altered their decision to became associated with a specific religion?
No because then it isn't about them and their beliefs being "violated".
Yeah that had me wondering if I would like that too. Vampire Weekend pulled that off with Diane Young, but it's still kind of weird.
As someone who has been checking this sub at least every hour for the past two weeks, please don't title your posts with "finally" in all caps.
Yeah but the Wii U is actually good though. I had a friend that's never owned a Nintendo system other than handhelds visit the other weekend and we played MK8, Splatoon and DKTF. He kept telling me "man I need a WiiU, but I'll probably just wait for Xenoblade" all weekend. I didn't think much of it until a few hours after he left he texted me a picture of a Splatoon bundle with MK8. I don't know if there is any other console that has that kind of power. To instill that much of an impression that warrants an impulse buy. Definitely not the same as Sonic's bullshit.
It's just a theorem though!
Not to mention the slow drip allows for sales on games that might otherwise not happen. If they released them all at once, Nintendo will surely report a good quarter if they release all VC titles at once. But then the following quarters will be nowhere near that quarter in VC sales.
Does anyone else want to share their personal feelings about how they feel about Currents? Please make a new thread, and continue to make new threads every time you have a new revelation regarding your feelings and expectations about the album. Thank you.
The Moment and TLIKTB are definitely contenders for dance floor material.
Old Leghumper from Thirsty Dog.
One of my best friends growing up became an alcoholic at some point. His wife blames his alcoholism on everyone but him. Right after his wedding, and a year before mine, he got pulled over for a DUI after leaving a going away party for myself and my significant other, she called us the next morning bitching us out because he was in jail and we should have stopped him from leaving (I had no idea that he left). She contacted all of his friends that were there and told us how horrible of people we were. Fast forward a year later and he's in my wedding. We invite his new family to our wedding, but only he shows up after the rest of them RSVP that they are attending (which is super awesome considering how compliant I was when I was apart of their wedding). He gets completely wasted and had to work at six in the morning the next day. He eventually wanders off, is nowhere to be found and has a dead cell phone. His wife calls our hotel room on our wedding night and is bitching at us because she can't find her husband. We don't talk much anymore.
The scene in Dirty Work where they plant the fish in the house full of mobsters, then they narrate the massacre that ensues off screen. Also: "Well you see the problem here is we lied on our resumes, and we actually don't know anything about construction" "When's lunch?"
Not a foolproof analogy. I sell hearing aids for a living, and you wouldn't believe how many people tell me when I ask where they have the most difficulty hearing that they have trouble hearing when people are far away from them.
I wish.
And that's not unreasonable. I think if you're drinking more than 10 beers a week, you should expect that there might be health risks that will come with that. Edit: I'm not saying you can't drink 10 beers a day if you really want to. But if you do, and expect to still maintain your health, you're gonna have a bad time.
If you get drunk more than three nights out of the week, every week, you're probably an alcoholic anyway.
They are on Chapter 9 though. There is a fight that you can't use your skell in.
You didn't miss much.
This happened with my grandma. Met someone on Christian Mingle after my grandpa died, wired thousands to him. My cousin caught wind of it and had to get the rest of the family involved because my grandma wouldn't listen to my cousin when she told her that this person isn't who she thinks he is. It was kind of sad. This person's profile picture looked a lot like the man in the shopped picture too.
He removed the pencil sharpener from the wall and created a trail of riddles to its location in the room. Our Trig teacher was a very smart guy, but jokes kind of went over his head. The whole class was always sarcastically enthusiastic and he ate it up. Anyway, we're all taking a test and I can't concentrate because our teacher is hilariously walking around the room trying to solve each riddle to find the pencil sharpener. The next day it's back on the wall, and the class clown is making a cardboard shield around the pencil sharpener so it won't happen again. Then sometime after deer piss was poured into the AC vent so an entire wing of the school smelled of piss.
Have you played Prime Hunters before...? I would rather play Other M three times through before I ever try to play Hunters again. Multiplayer is great, single player is awful.
The game is a remake of a game that was originally on a home console. Tyte logic.
Yankee Hotel Foxtrot, Gimme Fiction, Blue Screen Life, You Forgot It In People, Atlas and Lonerism.
Why wasn't Skyward Sword, a game that came out one year before the WiiU, much like how the new Zelda for WiiU will be released one year before NX comes out, released on Wii and WiiU?
Pinky finger
Why do you think anyone here would know this?
It all depends on how much you like the game. I love Zelda, and TP. I also have NSMB Wii, but would I buy an HD update of this game? No.
I frequently use Rotten Tomatoes critic score to determine whether or not I'm going to spend money to see a movie in theaters, and after seeing the trailer for this movie, I scoffed at it and wondered how bad of a score a reboot of an action movie would have. I fully expected anywhere between 20-40%, but when I saw 98% for the critic score I was completely dumbfounded. Then I saw the movie, and as a person that is not an action movie guy, it was easily one of the best movies I had seen in a long time.
And don't forget to scan it before you enter the room!
I have been spelling suede as swayed for 27 years.
D
This song will becoooome the aaanthem of your undergrooound
Wasn't Prime Trilogy and Other M rated T? Isn't this par for the course?
No matter what you think about the aesthetics of the game, the rating is likely the way it is because it is a shooter from a first person perspective. Prime Trilogy, Hunters, Other M and Federation Force all received a T rating and they all have first person perspective shooting in the game.
I would rather play Other M three times in a row before I have to stomach playing this game again. One of the most boring games I've ever played. I actually think I would rather play Other M over Metroid, Metroid 2 and MP3.
I would argue that MP3 is just as linear as Other M. The action puts Other M above MP3 in my opinion. The story is bad in Other M, and the parts where you have to spend 10 minutes trying to find the point of interest in the first person perspective are awful, but other than that, I find Other M to be an enjoyable experience. I've beaten the game twice. I have attempted to beat Hunters twice. One time when it came out in 2005(2006?) and I gave it another try in 2012 when I assumed I wasn't giving it a chance back then. Nope. I pushed through about an hour past the part where I gave up years back, but succumbed to the utterly boring game and quit again.
Even better when that online code has an expiration date. I bought a book with an online access code that was required, but I had to drop the class due to a scheduling conflict and I signed up for the class the following semester. I already activated the code before I dropped the class. Two weeks before I was finished with the course the following semester, my access expired. I couldn't do anymore homework. I called the textbook company and explained the situation. Their answer? I have to buy the 400 dollar book with access code all over again to finish the last two weeks. I can't even describe how angry I was. I unloaded on the customer service representative. I know it's not their fault but I couldn't help it. Luckily I noticed that the website offers a free two week trial. I ended up having to sign up for the free trial to finish the course. So fucking stupid.
You going to Rio with those mental gymnastics?
If it helps, the majority of these songs are on their new album Star Wars.
I'm pretty sure there was an episode where one of the characters is trying to book a motel room and the clerk asks if the stay will be by the hour or the whole night.
I know this seems cliché, but I'd like an unexpected twist in the story. If it happened after the third dungeon, I would be expecting that. I mean something drastic happens 80% through the main story. The bad guy seriously gets the upper hand. Their intentions from the beginning were actually realized. Link's path to victory becomes unclear. The world becomes grim and a plan B has to be devised. Something different from "get 3 of this, story stuff, get 3-5 of this, finish game".
Same here. I played Blue and Gold when they came out. Started to realize how boring they were, then moved onto other RPGs. I decided to give it a try again when X came out. I had to force myself to finish the main story but I found it incredibly boring. Not for me.
I feel like I'm one of five people that really liked Other M. Of the Metroid games I've played I would rank them: Super Prime 1 Fusion Prime 2 Zero Other M Prime 3 Hunters
I find it odd that George Harrison has a Twitter account.
MMMPAKTAMMPAKTAOOOoOoO
If anything, gyro aiming. And that's a good thing.
Get a Wii U
Totally different circumstances.
I think it is. I started listening to Tame Impala right after Lonerism came out, and I definitely thought that the album was the band at their peak. I didn't think there was any possible way to top that album. When Currents came out, I initially thought the album was much weaker than the first two. After listening to Currents for this past year and thinking objectively about how they stack up, I have to move Currents to the top. The album is just unreal. If Lonerism swapped Suns Coming Up with Led Zeppelin, I think it might be a different story. I personally think Suns Coming Up should have been a b-side and Nothing That Has Happened should have been the last track on the album.
I'd say Salad Days is the most accessible and the best starting point. I would go from Salad Days, then 2, then Another One, then Rock and Roll Night Club (as a big fan of the first three, I cannot seem to get into this one at all).
I think Star Fox Zero is the best Star Fox game ever made.
I don't think you're talking about either Xenoblade game. I don't think either of them had a demo, and I can't think of what you'd be referring to about slicing toes.
Same. My dad happens to be a Methodist pastor though, so it's basically his entire life and it's really uncomfortable anytime the subject comes up because it's hard for me to fake my interest. We live pretty far away from my parents though so my family can avoid the situation for the most part. My daughter is turning one next month though, and they have got to be wondering why we haven't planned a baptism yet.
I'm gonna bet you've heard at least one of his songs before.
Your brother sounds fun.
This post has been brought to you by Murphy's law.
Huh? Can you miss a heart piece?
And Galaxy 2.
I would hate to see the next Star Fox ditch the gyroscope aiming. I mean, Star Fox is probably toast for at least another ten years anyway.
I had 100-150 or so at one point. Basically the N64/GameCube era if I recall. Really wish I held onto them.
Star Fox Zero is the best Star Fox game by a long shot. I went back and played 64 again after I collected all of the medals in Zero, played halfway through the campaign, and went back to Zero. It's not even close.
You can get it for 1.50 if you have it on the Wii VC already. Might be worth it for that off screen play.
:(
And there's also a chance that this won't happen.
Rural voter here. I voted for Clinton.
No way dude. NSMBU is the best 2D MARIO game ever made. I've played through that game countless times, but 3D World was a one time play through. I think everyone else would be singing it's praises if it wasn't the 4th one in the series.
Completely agree. I think a lot of people are turned off by the same themes for the worlds and the same music theme that's constant in all of the previous games, and I get that, but the quality of the level design is unmatched.
Whoever made this doesn't know shit about fiscal quarters and the importance of distributing investments through out the year.
Something tells me that a person asking what MySpace was like is also not going to know what Geocities was like either.
Hopefully. I've been doing it for 3 years after smoking for 8. I want to quit doing this pretty soon too. I'll have a cig maybe once every six months, and every time I have one I realize I like vaping better. However I don't whip it out in public because I feel like a turd.
It might be easier to get the Tanooki suits, save, then just reset when you die so you don't have to go through 3-1 all over again.
I can definitely see that as a possibility. My last (and first) record store day experience was terrible. Got there 2 hours early and was 6th in line. I thought there would be a nice line formed for people to sift through the bins when the doors opened. Nope. It was a damn free for all and I was shoved to the back and missed out on what I came for. They really should let people in one at a time and give them two minutes to find what they're looking for before letting the next person in. I'll probably just stay home and try to find a decent price online.
My grandma. After my grandfather passed she met a charming fellow on Christian Mingle who was overseas doing charity work for the lord. She wired him thousands of dollars before my family put a stop to it. Her Facebook always gets "hacked" quite often. Trump supporter.
You didn't miss anything. We haven't seen any tax returns.
Yes
Yeah, dude. Dang.
My worst fear is that the deluxe edition will consist of remixes of songs that are already on Currents. Remember how Currents was supposed to release in early May and the reason why it was pushed back to July of 2015 was because Reality in Motion and New Person didn't have any lyrics or melodies? These two songs were unfinished, so either Kevin knew that he wanted these two songs on the album (and left out other completed songs) just based on the music alone, or what we already have on Currents is really everything he recorded for the album.
Yep. I went to college right out of high school for about a year. I wanted to go for music because I was a dumb idiot at 18-19 who played in local bands. I was so fucking stupid then. Good thing my lack of ambition won so I didn't waste even more time actually following through with that. Went back to school when I was 24 after I did some growing up and I'm about to graduate this spring with a bachelors in HRM. My last semester starts today.
Thank you. I can't wait until this game is announced so Spla2n, Spla2oon or any other variation of this god awful name dies.
Everyone was expecting all of the rumored games at launch. I never did. If you've ever taken a finance course in college, you would understand why.
