Both kids were supposed to be entitled jackasses. You're not supposed to like them or Janice.
He's a free agent because his career is over.
If he had a challenge he could have used it for just plain safe/not safe. The "Replay Command Center" has overturned calls that were challenged for another reason. Last season, at least. I'm not sure about this one. But the first challenge Banister made was really a waste, which is a point worth making.
Hope you're feeling better.
Sorry I'm late but there are other subreddits that should probably be linked in the sidebar. /r/AskDocs for one.
If they're done well they're better than looking at the standings. The idea behind them is good; the execution rarely is.
I don't think the A's should be a seventh ranked team. But they will likely put some wins up this year. They're nowhere near as bad as their record. So I'd take the BP rankings seriously in the sense that the A's are not a team I really want to face right now. The next few nights are going to be interesting.
Nice writeup and good video, too. Seems to square with the other things I'm reading.
Not sure what it is but it reminds me of [this shit](https://www.reddit.com/r/SHHHHHEEEEEEEEIIIITT/).
He's been better. Go to /r/Colonel_Rhombus and look at the weekly reports.
That article ought to shut up Mac Engel and Galloway, but it won't.
I really don't think Jeff Russell really belongs in the Rangers HoF. He was a good closer at times, but this is setting a pretty low bar.
They'll fall back to Earth and I guess they already are, but next year it looks like they may be pretty scary.
I can't get that site to work. There's another at absurdlyobfuscated.com that I've used before but I can't get it to work, either. I don't want to use it for fatpeoplehate. I do hate that sub but I generally stay away from drama. Want to use the autotagger for non-dramatic purposes.
GunsAreCool, same story.
I'm far from fat. I hope you die in a fire.
I use a bunch of RSS feeds to keep up with the news and stuff. Reddit never has been good for that, really. Pick out a variety of news sources, stick them in a feed reader, and it will do a better job at aggregating news than reddit does. But for discussion, I don't know of anything else for general topics. Over time I have slowly confined myself to the baseball-related subreddits. They're free of this poison, thankfully. I also follow a couple of smaller technology subs. But while here I can't resist pressing "All" now and then. Curiousity, plus I know there will be one or two interesting things to read along side a bunch of stuff that doesn't interest me at all. And that's when I run into the darkness. Sadly you never have to go very far to find that. Anyway, as of right now I don't think there is an alternative. There will be someday...right now reddit is sick and it's going to die. Something will take its place and hopefully it will be better.
I don't have to try, but thank you for your kind but off-topic suggestion. I have one for you: do the world a favor and set yourself on fire.
So there's no easy way to do it from the image itself?
You are a commissioned salesperson for the Rangers, right? I think it's only fair for you to disclose that.
Yeah I generally like Banister but he needs to keep his goddamned mouth shut. These guys have a lot of pride, and baseball is really hard. Plus there was a lot of failure to go around. It's simply unfair to call out Choo. I have no idea why he would do that.
&gt; I was under the impression he has a pretty far above average arm while every other aspect of his defensive game is poor. I think that's probably an accurate assessment. Overall he grades out to below average at best, but he's had a strong arm throughout his career. That's something that usually isn't lost with age, or at least not at Choo's age. If he isn't throwing well this year it could be that he's still not 100% after last season's elbow surgery. I doubt it but it's possible.
The mods ought to filter you out for a week or so. Calling others names has never been acceptable conduct here.
Wow, I didn't know people actually read anything over here. I know what you mean about community, and while it was strange to me for the longest time, the internet has become a place to form *real* communities. And there are a lot of good ones on reddit, too. There's a lot of everything here, good and bad. As of right now there's not really an alternative to reddit. If there were I would have left maybe a year ago. But as time goes on and so little changes, I feel that any contribution I make to this site makes me complicit. So I don't want to add anything anymore. Or at least I don't want to add much while I wait for the next thing to come along. /r/TexasRangers is a good community. Occasionally it will go a little sideways with the voting, and you have these lapses where nobody posts content and things get a little dead. But the people are generally good. I saw that today was kind of a rough day for it, but it's been worse before. Believe me. Reddit as a whole was never really a healthy place, in my opinion. There has always been a dark undercurrent here. It has gotten worse, but it has always had some truly vile people. For as long as I can remember anyway. The demographic has always trended toward the young male, and let's face it, they can be angry people who are easily suckered into things. Anyway the administration has really dropped the ball the last few years as reddit has grown. It now has a userbase that equals the population of some nations...they can't allow hate groups to make a home here. It's not feasible. It's not right. As for me, I'm cutting back a bit on my time at the computer. I've got this bum leg and yet another surgery coming up. Before I go through all that shit again with the recovery and rehab, I'm trying to enjoy some other stuff. When I'm stuck in the house again I intend to create a Rangers blog. Many of my friends have dispersed, too. Some are dead. Most of my family is dead. So, yeah, I do have a need for community and I'm not sure my upcoming blog will satisfy it (especially at first). I don't know what I will do. I just know I'm fed up with this place. Thanks for reading and responding.
Well if I were still a mod here they sure as fuck wouldn't be.
created FPH ban evasion subreddit
Yeah the carpet bombing and free fire zones. Really moral.
There's a visitor's guide in the sidebar.
He hasn't been hitting home runs but he's having a good year nonetheless.
That really should have been an out. Blanks should have hit against the lefty but the Rangers got lucky.
http://www.fangraphs.com/library/misc/war/ Baseball-Reference has a similar page as well as a page that notes the differences between the different varations of war (rWAR, fWAR, WARP). If you have specific questions feel free to ask at /r/Sabermetrics.
[The Rangers rotation has indeed been very good recently.](http://www.fangraphs.com/leaders.aspx?pos=all&amp;stats=sta&amp;lg=al&amp;qual=0&amp;type=8&amp;season=2015&amp;month=2&amp;season1=2015&amp;ind=0&amp;team=0,ts&amp;rost=0&amp;age=0&amp;filter=&amp;players=0)
And you were rewarded. By Elvis, which goes to show you never really know.
Call me silly but I think Elvis will end up with a nice bounce back year once all is said and done.
Tomorrow if he has an 0-fer with an error, people will quickly forget all about tonight.
Definitely. I don't know what's going on with his defense. At his age it's not surprising to see some decline, but usually errors settle down while range decreases. If you really dig through the numbers there's some evidence that Elvis can still range, and other evidence that says he can't. My eye says he's moving better laterally than last season but he's clearly not playing a good shortstop with or without the errors. It's a little baffling but I know he has more talent than this. I'm banking on him turning it around. Elvis is maligned for 2013, but if you look more closely at that season you'll see that he was excellent in the second half. It hasn't been that long since he played at an elite level.
Fangraphs uses FIP for their pitcher WAR.
If he doesn't get a hit and makes an error people should forget that he won the game tonight? Maybe if you hate him. A logical person would criticize his game tomorrow but still remember his great game from today.
I'm not sure what the Middle East has to do with Vietnam from 50 years ago. The world has changed a lot since then. Nuclear weapons were used in World War II, we had a plan to use them in Korea, we came very close to nuclear war with Russia at the time of the Cuban Missile Crisis, and there were those who advocated using nuclear weapons in Vietnam. Nobody with half a brain would advocate anything like that today. Even if we were the sole nuclear power, nobody in any position of authority would want to use those weapons again. Some of that's due to the backlash we'd get from the rest of the world, but even in spite of guantanamo and black sites and all the rest, we are a more moral geopolitical actor than we used to be. For now, anyway.
I think so, but probably not to anywhere near their xFIP.
It is exactly what you said. I said people would forget about last night if he had a bad game today, and you responded with "As well they should." ?
Holland, Ohlendorf, and Hamilton are just injury prone. You're really going to hold their muscle strains against the trainers? Make me laugh a little more. Josh Hamilton?
Well I guess I don't give a shit if the admins were to treat clear hate groups with something less than kid gloves. Fuck them. Whether it was for two weeks, two years, or six months, it was too long for that cesspool FatPeopleHate to live.
Who is Kip? Not a moderator anymore but I'm the one you can blame for most of the rules and for setting up the automod here. So, everyone, direct your pitchforks toward me instead of the current mods. To be brutally honest, way back when this subreddit had a bad shitposting problem. Baseball news was lost to memes and people asking questions about how to go to a baseball game (is anybody that stupid?) and photos of their own baseball caps/jerseys/shersies/etc. A lot of people love that kind of shit, and a lot of people don't. The people who don't won out. But we created /r/TxRangersExperience. That went unused because people seemed to think it was a throwaway sub. It never was intended to be. It was supposed to be a place to post about the *ballpark experience*. Not a lesser place...just a different place. But frankly since people are narcissists and wanted immediate views and upvotes, the subreddit never got off the ground. If it would have, I think everyone would have been happy. It's not like we're flooded with content here, no. I don't know what's going on lately. A post about Jorge Alfaro - the Rangers 3rd best prospect - possibly missing the rest of the season never made it into the top 10 here. Lots of roster moves haven't been posted at all. Used to be, you could come here and be aware of 95% of what happened with the Rangers and the minor league affiliates. But for whatever reason now we have people wanted to bicker about the lineup order instead of wanting to know what's going on. They won't post news and they won't vote on important news. Every now and then we get a post like this and it gets a bunch of people bent out of shape. They start getting on the moderators. Others will take up for them. It will probably lead to a bunch of nonsense. All the while this format would work just fine if people posted and voted on news here, and posted the fun stuff to /r/TxRangersExperience.
The ~~Other~~ userbase wasn't segregated. The content was. At the time it was a move to try and keep everyone happy, but some people don't want to be happy and thus far it hasn't worked. The second sub was a good idea. I still believe that. Somebody wants to plan a meetup? Their posts can be stickies over there without interfering with the game threads or big news. Flair might be something for the mods to consider but how will those without a fancy enough reddit setup to even follow two subreddits take advantage of link flair? If you want the mods to flair everything, well they have jobs and school and friends and families. I was the one who had the time to do that, and I have chosen not to spend my time in that way.
The problem is people don't upvote quality. And it takes no time to click a link on the sidebar. If people want a healthy community surely they can expend that much effort.
&gt; It also leads to complaints about perceived bias when someone's post is not approved. People can get really mad, and they think you're hitler or that you just like to remove posts because INTERNET IS SERIOUS BUSINESS. But I have removed a lot of posts the last couple years and I can tell you that I never enjoyed it. Not ever. I don't think you can have a middle ground because of the type of people who are on reddit. Look at r/ALL. It's an image board. That's what will get upvoted. Baseball fans will go somewhere else. Your post was very constructive. It highlights the difficulties a moderator team has. Believe me, they don't want an unhappy community. They are doing the best they can to strike a balance. Another thing people should consider is that in this subreddit, comments are almost totally unmoderated. Unless you're spewing racist shit or attacking another user, nothing will ever get removed. Ever. So people can post their merch or their selfies in the game threads or post game threads or really in any thread.
Any mobile app that doesn't allow you to view the sidebar with one tap is trash.
Who has a super fancy reddit setup that can use a multireddit? Oh, yeah. Everyone.
I honestly use the regular browser on my mobile most of the time, but now and then I will use AlienBlue and amrc for iOS. The sidebar in many subreddits is pretty important. That's where the rules are. Often that's where news is. Here, there are handy links as well as the standings and schedule.
That really sucks. At least Gallo has so far handled this much better than most could have ever anticipated. That kid is going to be one hell of a player. But for now the team still needs Beltre.
I wish he'd hang out here but I think he's more or less married to LSB. It's not just that he knows what he's talking about, it's that he has so much enthusiasm for sharing.
Agreeing with you, sarcastically. There was a guy who commented that he didn't have a super fancy reddit setup and couldn't visit two subreddits. This is a different username but I am Colonel Rhombus...I made the multireddit you're talking about.
Seems most people didn't get it.
That was not a good pitch. Martinez needs to live on the edges but he's getting a whole lot of plate so far today.
.302 before today.
Not in my eyes. He still hasn't taken a walk and hits for no power at all. Alberto's defense is really good, but Odor has the potential to be an above average defender with a really nice bat.
Yeah he hasn't been as bad as you would expect a AA player to be.
Maybe. I'd like to keep him around, though. He's one of those guys who might end up a lot better than you think. Obviously the Rangers think so or else they wouldn't have left Odubel Herrera unprotected. With some more time in the minors he could become a better contact hitter who maybe steals some bases and stuff. And if Andrus can't get it together, well...
Yep. Every now and then it will get a little activity. I've seen it get five posts in one day before, and while that's not a lot, sometimes this subreddit doesn't get that. If everyone who attempted that kind of content posted it over there like we request, it would be busy enough to visit daily. Instead they either don't bother to do it or get pissed off that they were asked to do it. Anyway, it has subscribers. Not as many as this subreddit, but it has enough. People who view it in a multireddit aren't counted in the subscriber count, either. Watch what happens when somebody plans a meetup. There would first be a post here about it, and inside that there would be a note that the planning will occur in TxRangersExperience. Then the mods here would likely put a sidebar link to that post at the other subreddit. Suddenly you'd see more activity over there than just the meetup stuff. Maybe more people just need to be made aware or reminded that it exists. All it needs is a little momentum; the community for it is already here.
More or less. I don't want to delete it for various reasons. I've used it recently because I've forgotten which account I was logged onto. Even though it's been a few weeks I have RES set up better for that account than this one so I still log into it pretty often.
This continues to be an issue. Not sure whether I should make a new post or not.
True. Many hard hit balls. Many bases. But it worked out...sometimes that happens.
I think he's just forced himself back onto the roster. His numbers at AAA are insane. Last ten days: .462/.523/.692 That's a 226 wRC+. And for the whole time he's been there: .355/.430/.645 for a 185 wRC+. Likely that DeShields will be DL'd unless it's just a bad cramp or something, but it wouldn't seem that's the case since he's getting an MRI. Not sure if they'll bench Alberto since I'm sure they want him getting reps. Might see him sent down. Gallo doesn't really have enough time in the outfield but I suppose it's an option.
That's possible. Moreso than Gallo in the OF. I think Strausborger may be called up. He's having a good year and is hot right now. Can play corner and CF. I believe the 40 is at 39, too.
Depth outfielder/career minor leaguer. He's 31 and has 52 days of service time.
I imagine they'll let him have the full 30 days. All the SP's are going pretty well at the moment. I see they're already letting him go to 100 pitches, though. If someone gets hurt or falls on their face I guess he'd be an option. I'd like to see him get those walks down first.
My grandmother was in one a couple years ago. It was the nicest one we could find that was anywhere near my mother. There were no ethernet ports in the rooms, and while there was wifi in the lobby the signal was weak. It certainly didn't make it to the patient rooms. In the room there was only a small shelf for a television. We bought the smallest we could find, no bigger than a computer monitor. It had cable TV but it wasn't even basic cable. It just had a few broadcast stations, a couple of home shopping networks, and a few religious stations. My grandmother loved baseball and back in those days they did broadcast Friday night games over the air, but that station was not available in the nursing home. 4G internet was also bad over there.
Don't know what's common. Like plattler said, they did have a computer in the common area. Just one. These people for the most part were old and in pretty bad shape. I did think it was cruel that they didn't even have a television. They had one, but it could only be tiny. No channels. Plus it was across the room, probably 15 feet away from the head of her bed. That didn't affect my grandmother much...she had Alzheimer's pretty bad by the time she got there. But not everybody was that bad and all the rooms were the same.
&gt; It certainly has the 30,000 dollar millionaire feel to it. What does that mean?
It has nothing to do with intelligence. It's about trying to help people be more informed. When this subreddit is active and people are posting news, you will not find a better place to keep up with things. Some cite LSB as the best Rangers blog, but after the morning links they usually only post the big news. In the event of a roster move or something, there's a good chance it will be here hours before LSB says anything about it. When things are working, anyway. I don't think that's uppity or disingenuous in any way. You can have your pictures in the comments or in /r/TxRangersExperience if people would use it.
Who knew that Moreland would still be good in the middle of June? Who does he think he is? Whoever he thinks he is, I hope he keeps on thinking he's that person.
Haha. Daniels is pretty aggressive with prospects. Gallo, Chi Chi, Odor last year. Profar before that. Kela this season. Martinez last season. Anyway there was nothing lucky about what Odor was doing in the PCL. All reports I read said he was absolutely murdering the baseball from day 1 after his demotion.
Yeah I know what the term means. I was asking him what he meant by it in this context. It made no sense to me. He meant that as a group the subreddit tries to come off as more intellectual than it really is. I don't buy that. Much of the rest of reddit is total shit. This subreddit is trying and succeeding at being better than that. Not pretending to be better than that. It is better than that simply because it doesn't have a lot of bullshit on it.
Obviously Alberto's not much of a hitter, but using wRC+ to make roster decisions after only 60 PA is not a good idea. It's fine to use that number to say he hasn't hit well, particularly since some people are fooled by his pretty decent batting average. But like Platypus says, he's here for other reasons, and it's hopefully only temporary. Rua was put on the 60-day DL. Gas is right...he can't come back yet. Even if he could, glove is right...he's not ready yet. I'm still pretty surprised they used Gallo in the outfield. I thought they'd bring up Ryan Strausborger who's having a decent year for Round Rock. They still may. Or they may roll with Smolinski or Blanks. Who knows. But I doubt we'll see a whole lot more of Alberto now that Roogie's back.
I haven't seen where this is confirmed.
You had asked me to work on it. That's fine. I have a lot of weird things going on right now anyway.
I got it on my laptop with Firefox, too. NP links don't always work correctly and they're annoying. In the future I think it's okay to post a regular link with a reminder not to vote in the thread. For the extremely lazy: https://www.reddit.com/r/reactiongifs/comments/3zkuxz/mrw_when_my_4_year_old_hurts_her_hand_and_yells/
For the second table I omitted 2014 for all teams. If you omit only the Rangers' 2014, their .565 win percentage would rank 2nd behind the Cardinals between 2010 and 2015, and just barely.
Holy shit there are a lot of assholes in here. Well congrats nctami72. Hard work and sacrifice has definitely paid off for you.
Enjoy being spied on much more efficiently and effectively than your old provider did.
2010 seems like kind of a logical place to start, seeing as they went to the World Series that year. If I were cherry picking I would have included 2009, too, because they won 87 games that year and would still be fifth, but it would be a 7 year run which makes it even more impressive. I'm not even really cherry picking by removing 2014. Cherry picking is something you do when you want to mislead people using numbers. I was obviously pretty upfront about it and didn't mislead anyone. It shows how much of an anomaly that particular year was. It's more informative, I think, than it is misleading.
9th in total wins. That's actually 11 seasons, 925 wins. Over the last 10 years they're 8th in total wins with 846, so about 85 wins/season.
Depth move. Plays all the infield positions.
How's your fastball command?
AS LONG AS NICK TEPESCH IS STILL ON THIS TEAM WE HAVE A CHANCE
That total is before the arbitration players are dealt with, too. I wouldn't be surprised if this team is losing money right now. A lot of the TV deal was used to purchase the team. Paid attendance was okay the last couple years but lots of people didn't actually show up so they took a big hit on parking and concessions.
&gt; I'll vote third party if Sanders loses the nomination Remember 2000 and splitting the vote between Nader and Gore. How many people are dead and will die because of the events set in motion by the Bush Administration? You live in a swing state and there really is a lesser of two evils. We've learned this the hard way.
[Ask this guy](https://www.reddit.com/r/TexasRangers/comments/40xumv/texas_rangers_group_tickets_and_suites/).
Since both parties risk being stuck with the other side's number, there's plenty of incentive to get a deal done.
&gt;I don't even know if 60 homers would make up for all those nearly-guaranteed outs. They do. Very easily.
What's the question?
It was really impressive to me that he was able to keep his walk rate over 10% like it was in the minors.
There are a couple of omissions, though. Beras and Wolff come to mind immediately.
Top heavy, but really pretty solid through five with some pretty good depth behind that: Darvish/Hamels/Holland/Perez/Lewis.
Darvish has a huge repetoire and velocity shouldn't be a problem after TJ, so I think he'll more than likely will be better off than most pitchers who recover from a UCL strain. Hamels is still good for sure but he's a big enough step down from Darvish that I'd still consider Yu the ace. We'll see what happens but I think Darvish will be good to go when he gets back.
So dramatic.
Uh, what went on here?
I guess I would have had to read it before they deleted it because I don't understand what you just said.
Not to mention keeping her entire car.
