Hi and welcome to /r/nfl. Over at the Bengals table, you'll see bullshit about the Patriots. Over at the Texans table, you'll see bullshit about the Broncos. And over there in the Chargers and Raiders table, you'll see Los Angeles.
This for sure. Marvin will be gone before the team takes another stab at a QB in the draft. Honestly, though, Mike Brown is getting very old, I'd think he'll croak before either happens.
Well that's one way to get new PR's.
So happy to see this happening. If we're not going to have any sort of rail system around here, we need to get rid of all the abandoned tracks.
And then no good content for two or three months after that! :D :| :(
Well shit, if we're not getting Reilly we should at least get a consolation prize.
God yes. The community has millions of map ideas, from competitive to casual and even total joke maps. Hammer is just a mess for those unwilling to spend the hundreds of hours navigating it. I always wanted to make a GPit-style map, this has me interested.
I hate getting interrupted when I explain stuff, but I absolutely cut people off when I know they're not saying anything useful.
Cedric Benson used to come to my Walgreens. Really nice but very quiet.
I'm playing this now and I agree with the critics: this game is criminally underrated and anyone who got hyped for Bayonetta 2 should pick this game up immediately because it is every bit as fantastic. It's literally like playing a Saturday Morning Cartoon.
HOLY SHIT
Oh fuck, a tradeception.
Oh guys I got it. Well get him for Anisimov, Atkinson, Kerby Rychel, and the 2016 First.
The game is out of print and is slowly becoming a collector's item. You're unlikely to find it for that cheap.
I remember seeing a discussion about that maybe a month or two ago. I made the argument that since the Giants would have a better QB in Rivers and a few extra draft picks to build a team with, they'd have a better run at more division titles and possibly more Super Bowls.
They totally made this song so that sports stadiums would license it when they play it during giveaways. Source: Blue Jackets fan.
It would be *if it were on vinyl*.
HAY GURL HAYYYY
It is the best option on this short of notice, honestly.
Technically, dopamine is the only thing that really makes me smile.
That really surprises me about Hawaii, considering everything there is fucking expensive.
Even if an offense runs most of the time they're within 5 yards, defenses expect that scheme and you still have to get in the end zone. That sort of power and skill doesn't come easy. We've seen plenty of RBs get stuffed repeatedly on goal line attacks, even with good offensive lines. To put up those kinds of numbers with that yardage is still pretty special. I feel like this argument would need to go to the tapes. How many of those TDs did Alexander have to fight for and how many of them were gift wrapped to him? That's the true tale of his ability.
Nailed it with the juice. Sure, it's convenient, but most of the nutrients and especially fiber is all but eliminated. We have a lot of health problems in our society due to how we eat, but a lot of it comes from a widespread fiber deficiency and excessive intake of processed sugars. I used to munch on the "healthier" chips (think sweet potato or avocado chips), but now I'm substituting it with low-glycemic fruits and veggies when I do longer gaming sessions.
His reasoning was a little off but the main points still stand. Looking at a screen for extended periods of time is not great for your eyes. Sitting down for an extended period of time is not great for your neck or posture, nor for muscle strength and general bodily functions. These are real things to consider when we talk about a generation whose main forms of entertainment will be coming from indoor activity.
And they wonder why people keep catching illegal streams of their product.
Best GDT of the year.
[Possibly worse.](http://i.perezhilton.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/sidney-crosby-at-justin-beiber-concert__oPt.jpg)
There absolutely needs to be a bridge going from NKY to the West Side. The only reasonable ways to get out of the West Side onto 75 include going through cramped roads to get on the Western Hills Viaduct or Hopple, take the long way to get onto 74, or go through congested streets to get onto 50. All of these just plain suck, especially if you have to get to Kentucky from there. Having a replacement for the Anderson Ferry makes so much sense, as its so dense and the access needs to that much greater.
E
Something tells me that's going to be banned or changed pretty quick.
I'd rather not trade within the division, but then I look at the stacked defensive prospects the Devils and possibly the Canes have, realize that Rychel isn't going to make them into playoff contenders overnight, and realize that they would make good trading partners. I wouldn't want to help Pittsburgh in any way unless I got the better end of the deal simply because of Crosby and Malkin carrying them.
One of my good friends got married last year. He loves gaming, but he also loves a challenge. So he decided to set himself a really arbitrary challenge for himself in Dark Souls 2 (I think it was he had to use a shit weapon for the whole game or something). On the day of his wedding, he spent like five hours beating an optional boss before driving up to his wedding and was the last one of the wedding party there.
Well yeah, when you've okay got so much talent and you have multiple projects, you're going to take on the one that brings in the most money. GoT has this over Borderlands pretty easily.
Man, every time I think I can't like Scott Hartnell any more, he pulls off more of this.
Jesus Christ I just found a game and not even five minutes in we're at level 180. What the hell is wrong with you people.
https://www.facebook.com/groups/cincysmash/
More like an Xbox One demo.
Seems like it would need a more regional study. I mean, Ford is dominant in Detroit, but what about Gillette in New England? Do they have a higher market share in that area compared to others?
Seriously, there's gotta be at last 150 people working on these, which is amazing given the simplicity of its engine and gameplay.
Three cups in six years. Goddamn.
It's significant, but let's not forget that there was a pretty reasonably-sized backlash [for a group of fans trying to retranslate the whole game](http://www.eurogamer.net/articles/2015-05-29-why-would-someone-spend-five-years-retranslating-all-of-final-fantasy-7) not that long ago. Even /r/games didn't get behind it. A remake will not fully meet everyone's expectations.
Of course Chicago would be on there, because they need more Cups.
That, uh, was disappointing.
Seriously, that part made me cringe when Skylanders showed up. Who over the age of 10 cares about Skylanders?
There are, as evidenced by the World Championship final.
Remember, these are not the *statistical probabilities* that a given team will win the cup, just the *betting odds* which is based on a number of factors, including number of people making the bets. That's why a lot of the big market teams will have "better" odds.
You have to take the exchange rate into account, which right now is about [$76](https://www.google.com/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;es_th=1&amp;ie=UTF-8#es_th=1&amp;q=99%20aud), which actually doesn't sound bad in the States for a new game and two amiibo.
["lulz i was only pretending"](http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/facebook/000/738/025/db0.jpg)
Sidebar? Sidebar.
So he can play 3rd pair minutes? I'd like to get a Top 4 guy but with defense being at a premium this free agency it's going to be a crapshoot to get some talent. Wouldn't mind taking this guy for cheap tbh.
:(
I missed the Kickstarter but wish I could've backed it. :( Still going to buy it!
I can see a mid-to-low 1st, a few prospects, and a capable 2nd/3rd liner coming out for Kessel with salary retained.
Man, how come none of you guys want to move defense, the one position we need? :(
2 years, $7M sounds pretty fair. "Thanks for getting us to where we need to go, prove you're worth more."
*swoon*
How does Hanifin vary differently than Provorov, and would that difference be big enough to try and bait Arizona into trading down?
NJ is stacked with defensive depth, they need offense. That said, I'd give them a value of up to one of our seconds to move up to 6 so that Philly doesn't get Provorov.
Playing video games. Huh. That's what I did today, too. Happy anniversary, video games!
Toronto is trying to get overpaid for all their assets, I don't think anything huge will be coming their way.
Darkest Dungeon This War of Mine (though I'm returning it) Small World 2 Telltale's Game of Thrones Legend of Grimrock 2 Dragon Ball Xenoverse So I think I really did well here.
Why wouldn't it? I make a category every sale cycle for games I bought and need to play through, and don't go through more games until they're done. And by the time there's another sale cycle, the games I missed are there for a lower price.
I seriously hope this takes off. If the Olympics are any indication, Women's Hockey can be just as good as Men's from a spectator's standpoint.
baby you're a superstar
ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ PROTECT YOUR DANOS ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ
We'd be the dish that makes you not return for four to six weeks for an abdominal injury. Sooooo everything at Applebee's.
Artem Anisimov, our first, Kerby Rychel, one of our seconds this year, and our first for next year.
And we have three of them! Come to Daddy...
Lol it's cool. Everyone in the state has silly pride that we are entitled to make fun of others for :P
Pompeii was terrible. I'm pretty sure it was made for the sole purpose of getting teenage girls to see Kit Harrington's abs. My fiance called Keifer Sutherland saying, "You bitch!" near the end, about the only good part of it.
Ducks have said they want to move up. I would find it hilarious if we somehow traded to get Wiz back that also included another defenseman and getting rid of Boroque and/or Clarkson.
Every time I venture to Wisconsin, I have to be sure to grab a case of that Spotted Cow. I also recommend Capital's Dark Voyage. It's a Black IPA and it's awesome.
Seriously wish Blizzard would get a small team to make another Lost Vikings.
I hung out with the punks and skaters in high school and, while not to the degree of what black teens face, it does happen sometimes. Then again, our town was pretty white at the time, so I imagine that cops just have a natural instinct to pick out who the "troublemakers" are based on looks. And no, my friends didn't do anything wrong to deserve a random search/detaining on the streets.
Kerby Rychel. Dude's top of the trading block, let's hear it.
But don't tell that to /r/NFL, they got us going 6-10 with everyone getting fired.
U wot m8
Shit I just sold prenatal vitamins to a girl born in like 2001.
Pharmacy tech here. Suboxone and Methadone still have properties that can make users dependent on those drugs, and as such they have to be dispensed with the same rules that we would treat narcotics (Schedule III and II, respectfully). Laws governing buprenophine, one of the drugs in Suboxone, are as such that doctors are limited to the number of patients they can see because there's a lot of auditing and review that comes alongside that responsibility. It's admittedly broken. Add to the fact that some insurances don't cover it, and a lot of recovering addicts are having difficulty getting jobs to pay for it in the first place, and you can easily see why Suboxone is a high-demand street drug. Hopefully with the pending Ohio law in regards to allowing naloxone (the drug that "shuts down" overdoses) to be purchased at the pharmacy counter, we'll be able to save lives, but whether or not it will actually slow down or stop heroin use has yet to be seen. In the meantime, there absolutely needs to be a public needle exchange program and more focus on treatment than incarceration.
It would have to depend on if it's a good possibility of us grabbing a solid QB with wherever they're going in the draft with that. Too early to tell how the college game is going to look.
Colts fans are awesome. They have a great team but are totally respectful. Cheers!
No way is this more disastrous than Mitt Romney's "47%" video though. At least with Dean, we got laughs for years. With Romney we only got disdain and shame on him.
I made this trade proposal, too. In all honesty, we've been looking to deal Arty for a defenseman since the Nash trade. And Rychel is just another piece we have too much of. The trade makes so much sense for everyone, and if Arizona still wants defense, they should have Provorov or Werenski available.
I made this trade proposal, too. In all honesty, we've been looking to deal Arty for a defenseman since the Nash trade. And Rychel is just another piece we have too much of. The trade makes so much sense for everyone, and if Arizona still wants defense, they should have Provorov or Werenski available.
Dat cap hit tho
Nice! How's Montana treating you?
Sidebar? Sidebar.
Very real possibility, although if I'm Arizona and have all that cap room, it would kill two birds with one stone.
I love not only that happened, but Scalia is probably going to write a butthurt response to it and it'll be funny.
I KNOW ITS NOT HOCKEY BUT FUCK IT IM HAPPY AND IM NOT EVEN GAY FUCK SCALIA AND HIS BUTTHURT ATTITUDE FUCK THOMAS AND HIS BULLSHIT SILENCE FUCK ALITO BECAUSE HES AN ASSHOLE FUCK ROBERTS BECAUSE WTF MAN I THOUGHT YOU WERE AT LEAST KIND OF COOL EAT SHIT OLD RACIST FUCKS
That's a hell of a return for a guy that was going to be gone next season.
We'll give it back for Phaneuf
Oh fuck call 911 fuck fuck fuck
Now we get to boo Carter *and* watch Prout beat up Lucic at the same time! If anything we should thank them for the convenience.
Gotta include all those picks and maybe a prospect. I was high on Hannifin, but not THAT high.
You don't. Instead you get a good deal going with either Toronto or NJ that's fair for both sides and snag Provorov.
Crossing my fingers for Hannifin. Keep picking offense!
I'd have to think that a package of Rychel and a 2nd would make for a tempting offer for a Top 4 D-Man.
Get more Defense, it appears. I'm OK with this.
I kind of like the one on the bottom right. Shame we at least don't have a color picture of it.
