Would buy a beer.
I just watch a movie or browse reddit in bed until I fall asleep. If I'm not sleepy I keep on watching / browsing until my eyes are heavy. Same thing right?
No that's just being a dumbass.
Get some self respect girl, this isn't a healthy relationship.
Elaborate on that last part.
No, Staten Island is the safest.
That made me laugh more than it should.
Uh, I wouldn't want you as my kids pediatrician sorry.
ITT: Everyone finds what they're looking for.
No...no he doesn't :-/
I'm sorry but this is pure comedy...I can see this in one of those cheesy sitcoms... I do hope that cat comes back, for your sake.
So, what's the update? You single OP?
Oh hell no, screw that job. I felt extremely dirty and sick just reading this. Ugh!!
Also Ashley is a guys name I've heard.
Thanks for your response, that makes me feel better.
Asking the important questions...
Maybe I'm an asshole but I would ask for her to get it back after the dance. Maybe have her exchange it would another piece of jewelry that doesn't have yall name engraved on it.
Just make sure she doesn't give away the engagement ring :/
Serious question. Is eggs and bacon everyday bad? Only using the grease from the bacon to cook everything. No butter or other oils. Salt and pepper to taste. No bread. Just eggs and bacon. Is that still bad diet-wise?
7 slices of bread!?! Can you find the source on that?? What about rum? I love a good rum and coke.
Ok this PS4 joke...I don't get :/
Seriously, how does insurance on a ring work? Can't someone just claim its lost and hide it? Do they get the full cost of the ring back?
What sort of style ?
Well hello there...
Is it free? For android only?
So they don't get bigger when thrown into the lake right? Seems silly to ask but just making sure.
Exactly what I was thinking. The choice is being made for home now, and for his adulthood. The parents are basically determining his diet for the rest of his life.
OP PLEASE ANSWER THIS.
Old enough to make... So that's like what 5 - 7 years old? Will he have a choice then?
She was tied up and crying though...
How do you think they got naked?
The best deodorant I've ever used. Doesn't stop the sweating, but I can have a full active day without any smells. It's such a relief that even though I'm crazy sweaty there's no scent.
I'm sorry, I don't understand how you aged so much? Other than losing tons of weight, you literally look like 70 now... how old are you?
Do you hold your breath for 30 secs too?
I don't know I would be really happy with 10 rolls of sushi.
&gt; /r/rapingwomen WTF IS THIS? The graphics alone on the page is fucking disturbing, are you kidding me????
Smooth.
Happens enough in NYC for everyone to be rightfully afraid of them. You can fall at least 20 feet into god knows what and break your ankles or worse.
Things I wish I didn't click today....now I feel sick to my stomach :(
Is he dead? I can't imagine this fitting in someone :-/ He must have been insanely big.
Those roots!
How do they upkeep the roots? That would be my only anxiety in coloring my hair.
&gt; I thought lemons make your skin photosensitive? Then you do it at night before bed.
Not WTF. Mildly interesting more like. Also, is this gonna be come a thing now? Showing off our bloody instruments?
This picture is so old, so reposted, you should feel ashamed of yourself :(
You're lucky, it's always someones bag or privates for me :-/
Unsubscribe.
Immediately made me gag, thanks.
omfg.....
My first thought was his downstairs neighbors must hate him.
My cousin did an under cut like that, it was cool for a week then started looking like an overgrown maze. I don't think I could handle the constant upkeep. Looks cool tho.
These look cool but aren't they a bitch to maintain?
When you see a doc he will tell you. Reddit can't help.
Aha!!! I just started watching GoT!! I got this joke!!! I got it!!
I bought one for $375 off CL (NY), I love mine but I prob used it under 10 times.
There's a lot of incest in this thread :-/
Damn that's pathetic :-/
How could she possibly sleep with that bright ass light next to her? :(
Are those dreads in her hair? Or just matted?
Well not in my adult years, but when I was in HS I followed my best friend who I had a crush on to his Catholic youth group. I guess I thought it would bring us closer together. I only stayed for a couple years, most of the people our age stopped going once they turned 18 anyway. But we are great friends still (10 years later), and I joke about that with him still. We never got in a relationship, just ended up being best friends :)
Mine usually leaks the first couple days, not sure why. Especially when I get up from my sleep, some seeps out and it's not even FULL :(
I highly doubt she uses half a roll in one sitting.
Wasn't this asked just yesterday or something? :/
Been there! Makes you not want to sleep and savor the curly goodness. If you're lucky, it will look even better waking up.
What is this airbnb?
Was not showering for 4 months part of the therapy?? I would be even more depressed if I looked/smelled like crap.
I wouldn't hire you :/
She didn't smell anything?
She didn't smell anything?
lmao pls update.
BWB more like.
I just browsed through that sub and left deeply disturbed. Those posts are downright uncomfortable :/
Goddamn.
You're not finding that in NYC. Only mech e. Gotta go upstate or another state.
That's so messed up :( hope she gets him back soon.
Ew
Yeah...fuck everything about that... that's not love...your marriage will crumble so bad. You can't gain any wait (forget being pregnant), you can't have an off day to just laze around... what the hell is that???
But the bags aren't reusable are they? And how much per bag?
TIL, thought u just threw them away!!
Go to Park Slope pls.
My weakness...
My pos iphone will die at 33%, but usually only when it's extremely cold outside.
Are you sure the second one is only photoshop? I didn't think they would go through the trouble of creating a new hairstyle when they could do it before photoshop?
:) I can't wait to see it! Are you going to update the post when it's launched? RemindMe! 2 hours
It's not.
Yeh his family :(
I hate you.
Lol how to spot a white guy. No offense lol.
Why would you even try that nasty ass recipe?
I think you're the lady I was speaking to about color a while back. I'm scared to take that permanent plunge since my hair is just starting to be healthy again (lots of bleaching in the past). I was always curious if there's a certain style of coloring that looks good even with new growth? Something that won't look as odd if the user decides not to re-color again. The only thing I can think of is some sort of an ombre....
Brownsville.
Curious what's your current provider?
I need that skill.
I had the same problem with att locked iPhone. Att has a unlock request website and they unlocked it in under 2 mins no joke. Now only if T-Mobile would push that port along...
You're right. It won't last more than 2 seconds in there. As soon as she stands up woooooshhh.
Pretty much.
What's the easiest / safest place to sleep if someone isn't fussy?
Bruh
Did you fight it? I wouldn't pay that shit
Why didn't you adopt Regina :(
