Thinnest *and* sexiest
&gt; Nearest match for jony is Jonathan Ive: Petition to add /u/autowikibot to approved?
Haha, I think i know too well how isolated it is, considering I live here lol
Contrary to popular belief, Canadians and Quebecers usually get on quite fine. Plus, we wouldn't be able to take credit for glorious poutine without them!
That and the subredditdrama post
Did you read his comment?
&gt;looks better They are not even comparable, Apple watch looks professional, the pebble time looks like a toy. &gt;works just as well if not better If all you want is better battery and waterproof... Then sure. But if you're taking into account display, build quality, fitness aspects, more and better apps, refined software, innovative features, aesthetics, customer service, well known brand, etc...then no.
Like what?
&gt;The Spanish Navy prepared a surface task group with frigates and tankers, but Spain eventually decided against sending it. Negotiations ceased on March 25, and the following day, Canadian ships cut the nets of the Spanish trawler Pescamero Uno. The Spanish Navy responded by deploying a second patrol boat. Canadian warships and patrol planes in the vicinity were authorized by Canadian Prime Minister Jean Chrétien to fire on Spanish vessels that exposed their guns. This was known as "the turbot war." I think Canada did the right thing, trying to stop overfishing
Your phone can't take your heartbeat and isn't as accurate. Plus, it's much easier to see the information when it's on your wrist.
No matter what your opinion (which I think is stupid) on the watch is, you're already wrong. It sold a million units in the first day, and continues to sell 30 000 a day. That's far from a flop. &gt;It's just a redundant gadget that's fun to play with for a while until the novelty wears off and you fall back to the necessities like your iPhone. As someone who actually *owns* one and isn't making baseless comments, you're definitely wrong. I've found tons of uses for it, and I'm excited to see the future of the device.
Damn dude, you're really on the Apple hate bandwagon, aren't you? Apple has always waited to reveal sales numbers until their next event (WWDC), and if sales analysts are correct, this things *already* generated billions in sales for Apple.
Proof?
Except Edmonton's actually a nice city...
Hilaruous! How long did it take you to come up with that one, an hour? Wouldn't be surprised, people like you have the intelligence of a 6 year old.
I think the largest company in America knows what they're doing...
Launching a new product category would take significant research, R and D, and decision making by experienced people with various business degrees. Apple is known for making slow, but correct steps.
It's like Christmas time!
Yeah, the guy wasn't a sovereign citizen, he just didn't speak the language and misunderstood what was happening.
This sub will up vote anything negative that has to do with Apple. It's kinda pathetic, really.
Are we really just upvoting circlejerk posts now?
What an uninformed and stupid thing to say.
&gt; More locally, it has 4GB of onboard storage Hilarious you say that, Apple Watch has double the storage. Shows that you don't really know what you're talking about.
Yeah, but you can use the rest of the storage for everything else, like pictures and apps.
It's calibrated to track your steps, which can then determine distance.
Yeah, it's event time, so all the Android fanboys come here and fill this sub with shit. Happens every time there's an Apple event.
If not your phone and your watch are connected to the same wifi network, you don't need your phone in your pocket. For example, you can leave your phone in your bedroom and use your watch in the backyard
Buy things on iTunes?
It's either Apples or Googles. Pick one.
Don't forget Apple!
Canada as well
Nah, but Imagine Dragons is doing great
I'm not saying it's useful for everybody, I was just trying to say it's not useless either, like OP said they were.
Oh man, it's everywhere.
As a Canadian: shit.
What the fuck?
Jim B signs his name because Jim B is awesome.
Go fuck yourself
Yeah, you're right. We should've just stood by and watched as Germany took over Europe and killed millions of innocents.
Did you just switch from French to English mid sentence?
Yup, looks like Edmonton.
Nope, but the YouTube video was uploaded from the actual motorcyclist. edit: unfortunately the video has been removed from YouTube.
I have a French exam tomorrow, so I'm studying the best way I know how: With reddit, haha I'm from Edmonton, and I think I like it too much to move somewhere else haha. Always wanted to visit Montreal though!
Apparently the driver was 15, and was practicing after getting her learners. Went too far into the intersection after a red light, freaked out, and reversed without looking apparently haha.
Yeah what your friend did was stupid, but what Malaysia is suggesting is just insane. They should just fine him for being nude or whatever then give him back to Canada. Otherwise I hope our government steps in.
&gt; Free form icons like on Android (each one has a different shape). Oh, god! The horror!
The video was as long as the gif, and AFAIK he said nothing.
As someone who lives in North America but not the United States, I've never heard anyone call our continent "America." It's sounds unbelievably stupid. Americans aren't called "United States of Americans," they're just called "Americans," and everyone I know who says "America" is talking about the U.S. If you're referencing the continent, you sound like a pretentious douchebag. -sincerely, an angry Canadian.
Awesome, thanks dude
But spreading misinformation (that the watch doesn't even last a day) isn't helping anyone.
Same as Canada
If you watched the presentation you would've seen "AC/DC" on the iPhone demo.
If you're concerned about the number of ports then the laptop isn't for you. They still offer other alternatives with more ports, so there's really no point in circlejerking. Edit. Kinda disappointing that the Apple circlejerk has leaked over into this sub.
What a damn fucking shame.
I was just lurking the sub. Never even been to Montreal, so I have no idea how you guys speak haha
If all of Androids fanbase is smug assholes, they really need to work on their reputation and way they have discussions and arguments.
Same here. Got first gen, sucked ass, never buying another one. Left a bad taste in my mouth.
That's not what I meant. Someone who doesn't know what they're talking about isn't an asshole, they're just ignorant. Someone who *does* know what they're talking about but is being smug and elitist, *is* being an asshole, and I'd take the ignorance over assholeishness anyday. To suggest I need psychiatric help is just using Ad Hominem, untrue, and quite frankly insulting. I really thought the users of /r/SiliconValleyHBO who seem to be tech enthusiasts would at least acknowledge Apple's advantages over its competition, but I guess reddit's circlejerking trumps logic.
http://www.reddit.com/r/SiliconValleyHBO/comments/3931ci/my_friend_was_geeking_out_over_the_new_apple/cs0k6ju
That's the kinda place I'd wanna move to when I get old and retire.
Wait what spiders
I really hope he's just going through an 'edgy' phase
Being murdered is a helluva lot different than being killed in an accident.
Yeah, what's with the above average amount of Canadians in Cabo? I definitely noticed it when I was there
We're really just upvoting circlejerk posts now?
You realize their not harmless jokes, they're actually serious, right?
No, but posting images of imgur admins on their sidebar just because they're overweight *is* serious, and tbh it screams mental disorder.
NASA actually uses the metric system
And your insecurities are continuing to show. Have fun compensating for your shitty life by making fun of strangers!
Seriously. Why the fuck is this in /r/pics?
Windermere?
/r/circlejerk
Dude I know you're insecure about your body, but do you really have to bully complete strangers to feel better about yourself? And I hope you realize that even people who aren't fat can see how rancid and toxic you and your community are, because I'm pretty average when it comes to weight. Get the fuck out of this website you fucking douchebag, and have a nice fucking day. I know I will, because I'm not constantly judging strangers to feel better about myself.
When did I say I was offended? All I said was I've had enough of seeing this /r/fatpeoplehate shit on my front page lately, and I'm getting pretty fucking annoyed by it. It sounds like you're the offended one.
I'm judging him for because he's an asshole. Just because someones fat, doesn't mean they're an asshole. But you wouldn't know that, because you're also an asshole, clearly.
Ah, so I can see you're just gonna give immature responses, and not respond like an adult. Here's your average /r/fatpeoplehate user everybody, can't even hold up an argument.
Yup, you?
Then maybe don't shove your beliefs down all of reddit's throats? Oh wait, if you hadn't done that, your shitty sub wouldn't have been banned!
I just told you why it wasn't hypocrisy, but I'm beginning to believe that you're not intelligent enough to comprehend what I'm trying to get through to your thick head. I think the person representing the subreddit /r/fatpeople*hate* is the hate monger-er, not me. Have a nice day, I won't be responding to any further comments, no matter how dense they are.
Ad Hominem, nice. I'm not gonna respond to any more of your comments, before I lose my sanity.
Most people under 20 still know what Jurassic Park is...
You can't take the 2 seconds to look at the sidebar? Are you that lazy?
Yes it is... You just tap the button at the top right and slide down to sidebar. Literally 2 seconds...
Agreed. One of the best looking of these types of games, but it just isn't fun, unless you're a fallout fanboy I guess. One of the coolest things is the 3D perspective on the rooms when you pan around. Looks awesome.
Anyone got a link to it?
Don't tell me you're an /r/fatpeoplehate-er...
The reason /r/coontown and similar subs weren't banned was because they weren't constantly harassing other users and leaking from their subs. The amount of times I saw /r/fatpeoplehate berate and make fun of strangers for no reason was astonishing. They also brogaded constantly. e. downvoted for being right, stay classy reddit
Yeah, considering West Ed is the biggest mall in North America, and I see these concerts all the time, this is totally believable.
Haha same thing happened to me!
Not if you look at metro areas. Then Calgary only has around ~100k more at most. Edmonton is actually the fastest growing city in Canada.
Which is funny because Chong is actually from Edmonton. I always knew Edmonton was better...
Ayy, my city. How'd you like Edmonton?
Edmonton hasn't been the murder capital for like 5 years bro our crime rate has dropped durastically
I know. I thought this shit was over, but I guess the stranger-hating douchebags who were supposed to be at voat came back to annoy us all.
It's Samesung, of course they're gonna copy Apple
I don't know, some people go as far as to blaming him for *everything* wrong with Canada.
Remember kids, sort this post by controversial to get the best results
Nah, FPH tried to but failed.
Ah, a perfect example of what I was talking about. How's the Voat life?
&gt; Justin Bieber As a Canadian, he was fine before. It was when we gave him to America that he turned into a shithead haha
