Generally not suspicious means they've got reasonable evidence that it was a suicide or there were obvious natural causes of death. That's interesting in this case (in a dark way, sorry) though because she was found in the river. Presumably there's evidence on her person or nearby that makes them confident she put herself in there.
This sub has been flooded with this sort of talk for a while now. I notice less and less people from the UK are contributing, probably because of the atmosphere built up by brexit users.
Not to worry Scottish Lib Dems, it'll probably just result in a fine that can be forwarded to the JRF to cover.
Communist? I've never seen anything remotely communist over there. Left of centre certainly but given the Labour party seems to be the favourite of /r/unitedkingdom I wouldn't expect many communists.
You're not supposed to do anything other than rent. The rental market needs to be supported don't you know? If they build houses then all of a sudden lots of Tory voters won't have that nice reliable source of income.
I think that a lot of Leave voters will seriously consider their choice of vote for the next GE after what they perceive to be an attack from their own party. Nige has played up to these people and has been trying to get their vote for a while now, he might well cause a rift big enough to achieve electoral success on the back of.
Very sad. Hopefully as they get older they can begin to understand what happened in Syria and hopefully it becomes possible for them to return if they wish. If not then Scotland can only gain from them. Their choice.
I'm a little confused about this article given the recent one in The Courier saying the Tories will split apart as a result of Johnson taking the leadership.
BUT NASHANULISM! I think it's beaten into Labour supporters in this country that believing in self governance makes you no different to UKIP because reasons. I know it annoys them that the sort of blood and soil ethnic nationalism that you find in the rest of the UK is as near as makes no difference absent in Scotland but it's no excuse for utter ignorance either.
Wait, I thought you were making some sort of clever statement based on what Yes voters did to Labour in 2015... Still, I can get behind the sentiment. I think a lot of Conservative voters will feel let down by their party if it's a remain result, I see UKIP as the obvious future choice for those people.
... How many times have you heard "Take Back Control!" I'm no fan of Ruth Davidson but she's at least making an argument.
And she should. She might be able to sort out the UK Tories somewhat.
Countries who trade goods and people as freely as we do in the EU have way less reasons to go to war with each other.
Are we? where? Real life trumpeteers? edit: ohh, I see them.
God only knows. I guess left wing ideas are a hard sell in England these days.
Well, fuck. Hopefully that's an outlier
Aye, even as a remainian I'm in agreement. I'm not sure what a journalist knows about counter terrorism though...
Can we arrange a quick cultural exchange with our friends in the North? :)
I have about 4 games, one of which I play. I think that means I'm old, I haven't played an FPS since counterstrike/q3a and the extent of my gaming these days is solely Cities: Skylines. I can spend hours on perfecting my transport infrastructure and sensibly laying out a sprawling metropolis but all this shooty bangy fast stuff doesn't appeal anymore.
Framed copies of every selfie taken with Sturgeon since 2014
That's perfect man, thanks for the laugh
Can ye fuck. Get out and vote.
Yes.
Farage speaks while the pound tumbles in value...
Very unlikely. Scottish Pound would make more sense now.
Lets ask again now that its actually happened.
Why will things stabilise? A lot of companies now have very little reason to be doing business in the UK.
No, rest assured that every newspaper in the land will be commissioning one though since everyone is asking the same question.
Ach let it go. It doesn't matter now. People are just understanding one of the central arguments of Yes, they may be late to the party but what was a shot in the dark in 2014 is now as clear as can be for many.
I'd vote to leave the UK, again.
Well unless your home is a constituent country of the United Kingdom, probably not.
They could. UN wouldn't be happy with them though, as for whether that matters or not... debatable. I think WM has enough experience in these matters to be very wary about raising tensions in such a way, they know the absolute best reaction would be support for independence spiking and they know they can't deny a referendum forever - eventually a WM government will come along who approve one.
From her statement today she has reverted to her usual self and is vowing to oppose an independence referendum for Scotland. She was elected by precisely the people who voted to Leave in Scotland last night. She won't piss them off.
English speaking EU nations will have an enormous advantage with the UK out of the EU. Scotland has the opportunity to share the benefit of this with Ireland.
Good lads. Rennie had given the impression during the May election campaign that he intended to be hard headed on any future referendum.
There will be lots of polling coming out of Scotland in the coming weeks. You can sense the anger in people I've spoken to already, I've had died in the wool Scottish Tories tell me they now support a second referendum even.
rite
No we're not. Immigration is a reserved matter, UK has a one size fits all policy.
Quelle surprise. P&amp;J is second only to The Scotsman in terms of Scottish Tory rags.
Its incredibly unlikely for that to happen though.
The Principality of London sounds pretty good doesn't it?
Tomkins knows fine well what Sturgeon also knows: WM will be required to overrule the Scottish Parliament. Those of us on the pro-indy side of the argument in Scotland know the effect this will have. I believe even ardent loyalists like Tomkins know the same.
You're a good cunt.
I think the idea of inviting /r/Iceland is an excellent one!
Dense fruitcake wrapped in pastry.
Original article in German: http://www.zeit.de/politik/ausland/2016-06/brexit-schottland-unabhaengigkeit-referendum-reaktionen-konsequenzen
I think in the short term it is realistic to expect Scotland to be worse off. Independence would present a prime opportunity to implement some forward thinking ideas to rectify this though. As part of the union Scotland will never be able to properly tackle its individual economic issues, we will be taken out of a favourable trading bloc by the Westminster government and continue to be governed with a one size fits all policy that is contrary to our individual needs.
Eck seems to just be sitting there with a sort of "this isn't my problem..." expression on his face :)
Why the fuck not?
Yes. How do you think Ireland was allowed to descend into the chaos that resulted? This attitude runs deep in the English national psyche.
Always happy to support people for excellent work. I'll keep mine in my box of interesting things :)
Yep. It would not be acceptable to keep the UKs nukes in an independent Scotland. As regrettable as job losses are, it is not something that can be avoided. UK would not wants its nukes in Scotland just as we wouldn't.
Defensive purposes like any other nation.
You might want to tell that to the top bods in Leave who now seem to think you voted for the EEA then :)
Grew up in Angus - if Goves an Aberdonian I might as well be Jamaican.
Getting through to older people requires getting the media on board, at least as much of it as possible. If the papers all take the same stance as last time we will lose again. Daily papers can sell their readership their political opinions remarkably effectively, obviously some will never support independence but if we can get even some of the more moderate papers on board we stand a chance of being able to counter the inevitable scare tactics employed on pensioners.
Seems like fucky data or highly confused people.
How can it be a one party state? Scotland elects its parliament through PR for christs sake, there's 5 parties represented there. This is some Daily Mail level bullshit and I would have thought that someone with access to the internet and a brain capable of critical thought would realise this.
Might be a fair few abstentions? I don't think any of the other parties besides the Greens will really have their strategy thought out on this one yet.
Yes. Scotland will need to establish a central bank and issue its own currency.
Kezias too busy deciding if she should stab Corbyn in the back too I think.
You'll need to disown and banish Nuttall...
"lefties" no doubt.
Holy fuck I couldn't stop myself shouting the house down when that second one went in. You beautiful Icelandic bastards
HAHAHAHA I suppose now is the time to mention I had £20 on Iceland to win :D
Hahaha, that's a belter.
[North Sentinel Island](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/North_Sentinel_Island). See how they get along with the locals.
But but but wankstained pissgibbons have genuine concerns! We should be listening to them!
I really cannot fathom what the fuck Labour think they are doing right now. If they want to get Corbyn then fine, get Corbyn but pick a better fucking time to do it. The CONSERVATIVES pushed for this referendum to be held and it's been a monumental fucking disaster, the party should be getting absolutely roasted for it and due to all this Labour drama the attention is being diverted from the colossalness of the Tory fuckup. Of course, the Tory fuckup will last longer than the Labour one but the only impression that will be left in voters minds of this period is of equal disunity and incompetence across both parties.
The fact that you're apparently Irish and can post a comment like that surprises me.
Lots of positive noises on Scotland so far. Farage is on now so I've turned it off, better things to do than listen to him. I'll no doubt get the gist of what he's said on the news later.
It's good to see the battle lines being drawn though. I'm not sure the Tories can win this one, they seem to be operating under the assumption that Scottish Tory voters aren't pro-EU and I don't think that's entirely correct. It'll be interesting to see if any of their individual MSPs recognise the potential folly of this.
Yeah, I think they missed a trick with that one. Should have been in a mailshot, would be expensive but it was very well produced and put to bed a lot of the nonsense that was being pushed over the airwaves from the Leave campaign.
66% support sustained for that long is near impossible to achieve in Scotland I suspect. We need to be realistic, there is a portion of our population who are ardently loyalist and will never - under any circumstances - support a referendum to leave the UK. I'm not sure if they constitute 33% or not but I suspect the figure will be close to that.
If that did happen I'm honestly not convinced the UKs reputation would ever recover within the EU.
We're not yours to give.
It doesn't. They were not elected by Scots.
The Telegraph...
She's just Thatcher. I'm not just saying that because she is a Tory woman, she literally is just Thatcher. Has anyone checked her grave?
It doesn't really concern many in Scotland which particular right wing shitepilot the Tories pick to lead them down south. It's as relevant as the Labour leadership challenge will be: not very, they're all tossers.
It's not out of the blue. What is out of the blue is that people now believe they are right to actually express it beyond just nodding in agreement to some vicious tabloid headline or speech by Farage.
More than just people, whenever I switch on the TV and see a news report I get the distinct impression that the media don't believe it'll actually happen. Sure there's the dramatic lead stories and footage of Farage telling the Jerries to go fuck themselves but the overall narrative seems to be one of disbelief and in some cases outright defiance - heavy focus on the doubts around anyone pushing the Article 50 button etc.
Yep. Just look at the rapid growth of BF, EDL and increasingly more openly neo-nazi groups like NA. They've hardly been shy in showing their colours, they're all cut from a similar cloth that mostly settled down in the 90s before springing back up in the 00s.
I spent two years in NZ and could have easily settled there but work prospects were better for me back in the UK. Great country though, I had to think long and hard about leaving.
Pathetic showing. Wheres Gove? Johnson? Cameron clearly has washed his hands of just about everything going on and whilst the UK slips into economic chaos the people who are supposed to be responsible and very likely will be responsible for it shortly are either absent or just don't seem to give a shit. Labour also, what a fucking stupid time to stage a coup. When they had a real chance to capitalise on the mess the Conservatives have made they're barely held together as a party and Corbyn once again refuses to actually go for the jugular.
As predicted, no option other than Indy. Time for the rest of the Scottish political parties to decide their stance: UK out of EU or Scotland in EU.
Yep. UK has ruined its rep in the EU over the years and the ref just finishes that off.
America, we invented roundabouts for this. Get on it.
Ridiculously good if you're the type to get into these sorts of games. I don't treat it as a game, it's more like having a virtual model city set with every piece known to man to use. Hours of tinkering and constructing the ultimate city awaits... Mod/workshop content is key to enjoying it for me, there's just so much of it.
Sounds familiar...
May is a fucking psycho. I wish I could wrap my head around the Tory way of thinking, I really do. This sort of thing just confuses me no end, I want to be able to understand how anyone can look at these people and consider them decent politicians.
Referrandum Day?
I don't think there will be any rush. The groundwork needs to be in place for a genuine case to be made, there certainly cannot be any doubt as to the big questions of EU membership, currency plans etc. The SNP are gradualists, rushing is not in their DNA and despite some members/supporters desire to race into a second indyref it will not happen until the time is right. They didn't get to this point by rushing into things.
I've thought that for a while. Should be required equipment to operate a vehicle.
Ugh.
Aye it very much started again yesterday.
I know a couple like this as well. Spend most of the year in Spain, when they come back it's like listening to a human issue of the Daily Express, immigrants are ruining this country etc. Casual racism is the norm, throwing around words like 'paki' as if its a normal thing to do. Then they fuck off back to Spain. I've little doubt that they would have voted Leave.
It'll be right back on the table once she is elected. Just watch. An authoritarian like May doesn't change her spots overnight, she just knows that there's a certain amount of Tories who she needs to gain the support of at this time.
Coward.
More of a necessity that anything at this point. Eagle is no better than Corbyn if leadership is what they're looking for surely?
