Flair removed. No longer a NiP fan. My 3.5k mmr pubs have more discipline than they have. I've been criticizing their Yolo style for a long time on this sub-reddit. I can not support a team that is unwilling to learn from their mistakes,
The exception that proves the rule!
As EE mentioned the other day, if Korea rises in Dota we are all lost!
Cheer up! We're not being deadly serious here. For the record I have a degree in Mechanical engineering.
The only way they could win yesterday was by NiP giving the win to the.
Yeah, it really should just be west and east in regions (NA in the same as the US). As I mentioned to another poster though, ping is the bottle neck.
They picked Jugg earlier in the qualifers and won so it's not that he's suddenly a bad pick. His biggest issue is his mana problems.
DotaPit 3 has one of the top 10 highest prize pools in a Dota tournament ever. It's baffling that it has gone to such absolute arse with this in mind and all the raves it was drawing for its organization earlier this season.
BUT WHAT DOES IT MEAN???
Play more WD and ES. Good aggressive supports are rare in low level pubs.
There's no questioning Qojva's skill but he seemed VERY off at time in the Ti qualifiers. Given Black's Gosugamers interview on some communication issues in the team it feels fairly obvious that his uncoordinated plays were the cause for some grief.
You are missing the point. It was the boring meta I was lamenting not Chinese Dota. To not offend anyone sensitive I'll remove the "chinese" word.
The Roman Empire is a better comparison, bringing stability and rulership but often through costly tribute and submission.
Love the work you put in, but what is a "Point of Interest"? Is this an addition by yourself or something that's actually in the game?
We are not talking about the same thing. Triss explaining everything to Geralt about his past in W1 would include tons of stuff that does not contribute anything to the plot and story of that game. It would only serve to confuse a player that hasn't read the books. I believe we have to accept that this is a game design decision rather than something that is supposed to reflect on her character in the game.
I dunno. Whenever I see Jennifer Connelly on screen I think "ass to ass".
You keep missing the point, the entire amnesia part in W1 is a designer vehicle for giving players of W1 a fresh start regardless of whether they have read the books or not. It is not a reflection on any of the characters in the game.
Techies now also confirmed to be a pro-Dota cancer as well as pub cancer. Versus a 4-melee line up versus only a support ranged Lina it was a great pick though. Secret's drafting is just levels above the rest of the competition.
Saw one when I was hunting the forktail with Eskel as well.
I have to say this sounds... odd. Sweden is hardly known for stringent or bureaucratic visa requirements.
He's actually a friend of Loda so I don't think that's happening. Also did you see him as a panel member for DreamLeague? Not the dramatic type.
What you experience in the dialogue in W3 is that the characters talk to each other like they have an actual history and they are friends. Even if the observer (ie the player) might not know the circumstances of a particular situation the in-game characters doesn't go off on some monologue where they address the air for a couple of minutes giving bundles of detail that everyone in the scene would already know. When a game does those things to me, I feel as if though it is treating me like I'm lazy, stupid or both (looking at you DA:I).
All the people complaining about the curved nature of the Griffin armor needs to check out historical armor from Europe rather than the stylistic ones you'll see in Hollywood movies. My best recommendation is the Metropolitan museum in NYC that has an amazing collection of medieval armor.
Even though I'm an Alliance fan I think this was mostly on Sumail doing some very questionable plays. [A] was extremely fast on punishing him when he was out of position.
Wish granted.
And accurate.
NiP throw incoming. When they get a slightly bad start they panic and try to just fight from behind to catch up, which means they just end up feeding and losing faster. As I've said countless times on this subreddit, they completely lack discipline and resemble a pub stack in these situations. You can see it clear, NiP are just running right at a LC now that's 10k+ ahead. LC doesn't even need to initiate. They are completely unable to grasp any other tactic than teamfighting or ganking.
Anyone got stats for Earthshakers being played in a core role? I feel that every time it appears it's extremely underwhelming compared to a true offlaner.
Infinite loop. Lucky I'm not OCD.
How does that saying go? He/she has a good set on her shoulders?
[A] picking Io+Tiny first and showing that they yet have not absorbed the meta. And just like the last time they ran it they go all utility outside Loda and Pajkatt. The result is NiP getting Leshrac and QoP AGAIN. [A] being draft hipsters while NiPs draft is as usual far easier to execute. **But** then another classic NiP mechanic strikes. Always trying to take every fight and throwing bodies in even when they've taken causalities.
Lol? They placed #2 in a LAN where they just beat out VP and EG.
Void is actually very fine and balanced right now. A situational pick but still viable in the right situations. The time where you pick him to get 4-man chronos however is past. These days he's better utilized to spend his ulti as soon as it is up just getting single pick-offs.
Secret is the obvious favorite. After that however it gets very murky fast. The Dota scene just now is just so incredibly competitive currently! We saw this weekend Alliance and Fnatic beating EG, LC and NiP ousting VP. Does this mean VP and EG all of a sudden are tier 3 teams? No, there's just so very little margin for error in today's tournaments.
&gt;Techies. 54 matches, 63% win rate Techies players have no friends.
Ah, an indoctrinated victim of the patriarchy.
I don't get it?
Byline: We are never ever getting back together.
So what if he touched some children, he's still Michael Jackson!
Exactly... hence the confusion.
Literally Stannis Baratheon.
How did WR escape?
They are a new team every month!
While I applaud CDPR for bringing us such a great game with a well-deserved high score a part of me is sad. Metacritic scores sadly are a metric for bonuses at many game developers. This has led to massive inflation for game scores in general. Old coot coming out now, but I remember a time back when GameSpot was good and their 75% score indicated a game that was close to great. These days a 75% score is a massive flop. Anything below 90% is basically a disappointment.
Yes, because I disagree with the score. I think W3 is one of the top 5 RPGs I've ever played (I've been around since the C64) but it is not 6% removed from being the perfect game. I can't think of any game that is.
I'm still waiting for someone to make sense of an AC ending.
Are you not trusting me when I say that's my opinion? Anyhow, you're missing the point, it could be any game in the 90% range of which there are tons, it's the game score inflation and the inability to really discern between game that's the issue. Since just about all AAA titles land around that score range.
I greatly enjoyed this... but please never say YOLO again Soe! Also, Cap's nipples. Btw, when will we get more claymodel vids?
A save game editor for this game is badly needed. Nexusmods, make it so!
Alliance being drafting hipsters again. It's like they willfully draft heroes shit in this meta to prove some kind of point (and failing at it).
All top teams abuse the meta, it's the smart thing to do if you want to win. The scene is so competitive today that the slightest edge sets you ahead.
Daedalus on Gyro instead of satanic. NiP throw incoming. It's like they have a mental aversion for closing out games they are leading. The kings of bad late game decisions - they are more interested in not losing than in winning.
Changing players is a long way from disbanding. At MLG they also defeated, Mouz, Fnatic, VP and Alliance who had earlier eliminated EG - so again, twitch chat level reasoning. EDIT: Lol I see you now only have 5 reddit posts, all saying NiP should disband and negative karma. I kinda regret even opening this discussion you're obviously just an angry hater.
But they didn't disband, which is what I was making a point against.
And I was specifically protesting about the disband part. As stated.
As Edgar Allan Poe noted, the best way to hide is in plain sight.
#productionvalue
Dota 2 now banned in Australia. They have shit servers anyhow.
Finally I code my hero to get a hissy fit if I click him 10x times! Oh Tides of Darkness... how I still remember you!
The exodus to HoTS is nigh. Dota Reborn won't be able to stem the tide.
Let's see, assuming 20 armor an extra 102 points of pure dmg is something like 180 regular dmg no? It's not MASSIVE for the late game, Tiny/Medusa and their ilk can reach those figures as well through items.
IT's funny, if I could skip the first half of Velen (up around til after the tower of mice) I would probably start a new game. Now I'm not so sure. I want to try Pillars of Eternity, it's supposed to be very old school. I guess I should finish DA:I first though. It feels like a chore though, got bored with the grind around the desert.
I'm sure they didn't qualify for any other reason. Kids seem to think that the only possible position a team is in is either Tier 1 or complete trash while in reality the EU+CIS scene is incredibly competitive and the top 15 teams in the region all being able to take games from each other.
You need to work on your reading comprehension. You also need a hug to deal with all the anger in your life.
7.1Gb Time to draw a pentagram of goat's blood on the floor and offer up my souls to the dark gods of bandwidth.
One of the biggest LAN's in the world, played in Germany. Not a single German player (kky doesn't count). Feels like there's a lot of room for growth here if the game would take a bigger hold in the country.
http://www.reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/daffy_fapping.gif
Got me there. I always thought he was Swiss for some reason.
I don't know what Loda is doing any more. It's like he's playing another game while the rest of the team are all pulling another direction. If he had only shown up for that fight on the bottom Radiant Tier 1 tower they would likely have wiped EG and finished the game early. His jump into the Rosh pit was also pub level play.
"That's no lassies. Lassies got titties"
Draft and Loda's inability to carry the last year are the source of their issues. Akke, Bulldog, Pajkatt could still fit on any world class team. Mad actually plays good as a #4 but if his drafts can't get better he has no place in the team.
A plea for nuanced and reasonable discourse on Reddit? Good one!
CM's "balloons" aren't appropriately big.
AKA dirty console peasants.
Gift me Arcanas before you Del plz.
I don't agree that is the case at all, and I don't think it's any point going into the details of it since you immediately assume you've been a fan longer than I. That tells me it'd be the typical expect internet "discussion" not going anywhere.
He's mostly goofing.
Why Scythe though? Just for the control?
The management "Jacob" he speaks of, is that Maelk?
Nah, it's just Bulldog's online persona. The man is an entertainer and businessman.
You listen to him.
We can tell you love him but let's stick to reality a bit. His total earnings come out to 200k http://www.esportsearnings.com/games/231-dota-2 Isn't it embarrassing just throwing out blatant falsehoods like that which can be easily debunked?
I suspect all of Fnatic has signed.
The very concept that earnings are a definite measurement of a players skill/success is such a flawed notion to begin with that I can't take it seriously. Ti4 Newbee are the highest esports earners of all time so I guess they must be the best esport players of all time amirite :)
I'll give you a pass since by your own admission you struggle with English. So I'll explain that winnings and earnings are two different things.
If you only move in lanes, then Techies holds little power to you. The thing is that Techies should be counter-picked like other heroes relying on a narrow set of factors. Death push really cripples Techies, especially if he has a slow start with a late lvl6. Without map control Techies is the most harmless hero in the game.
I know some Wallons who would claim that to be an exaggeration. You love each other right?
I guess someone at NiP are celebrating this good news, with the unfortunate leave of Limmp recently.
Their fans are pretty used to it.
I bet they'll send a card to s4 and peeps.
And here I thought RTZ was the Kanye of Dota, but it was ppd all along!
Did you read the link? This was on his 5.3K smurf where he was being experimental.
Everyone pretty much agrees that the romances in W3 was one of the most lacking parts, for both Yen and Triss and how they interact they feel tacked on.
Ah, my mistake, I got the butt ugly Nightstalker immortal yesterday that I considered cashing in that I probably got it confused with.
Time to bet all the Maseratis on NAR and read a guide on how to DDOS. I can learn on 4chan right?
His squishiness makes him a liability in low to mid brackets however as he requires very careful positioning.
If Sing Sing can do it, then so can I. Right?
Dota hats rotate more €€€ than Greek economy.
http://www.twitch.tv/handsken/b/672397863 Can't recall the exact moment. He said it in Swedish when talking to Friberg/Xizst from NiP CS who he was stacking with.
Chaos Knight is the strongest of the fundamentals. AA is entropy incarnate. Weaver creates worlds/realities (there's no definite support in the lore that he created the universe though, seems like a misconception)
