I did the same, and my secretary was maya... And it gave me musashi so all was well at the end.
while flying over the bermuda triangle.
Mimi from Digimon. i liked digimon over pokemon when I was a kid.
Gonna be Kako or Aoba.
All I can hope is that they stay with the organization in some way (maybe a scout? team ambassador? idk) and if we do win a cup we can engrave their names on the cup. As a player, I think it will be a while before our young players step up to be great players, and Sedins will be retired, or gone back to Sweden to play for Modo.
Yeup. He was scoring in the AHL at around .6~.8 points per game and then came to Utica and started scoring at a point a game.
I volunteered at the SCRI Society for a while before the I had conflict of schedule with school. You usually go to the location and hang out/look out for people with disability and just have fun. It was about 2 hours a week (You just chose the day you could go to, and just go every week at that time) and then possibly more for their big events. [This is their website.](http://theclubscri.com/)
Needs more Iroha
My time zone is exactly 12 hours behind Japan... it's awesome as long as I'm aware if it's PM or AM.
so beautiful!
I wouldn't be too worried, but obviously try to make a habit out of doing things like washing your hands with soap and don't cover your mouth with your palm when you're coughing, etc
(If you're not from Vancouver) enjoy the city! It's a beautiful one :)
Hey me too! Place I grew up wasn't so bad :(
Visited New York for the first time. Also bought a ps4.
Im not Catholic, but this pope just seems like a respectable, likeable individual.
Long term: Solid second liner (as much as i love him I don't think he will be an offensive superstar and he is defensively solid so second line will be perfect imo) next year: get some more ice time, score few more points, hopefully beat the sophomore slump
I'd personally get getzlaf, JVR, OK, OEL, Holtby and Varly. Holding onto dubnyk based on half a season might be too risky. And I'd save your stacked dmen and focus on drafting forwards.
idk, he scored 13 goals and had 12 assists as a rookie. If he doesn't go through a sophomore slump, I think 20/20 would be a good bar to set for him. I'd be extremely happy if he scores as much as how much Bonino scored this year + his defence improves even more.
very true. He seemed like he knew what was going on by the latter half of the season, and just played phenomenally as a rookie in the playoffs. If we can see the Bo of second half of the season next year, scoring 40 points won't be hard I think.
sbisa, bieksa, and our 2nd /s
Do I still have to put my credit number on the website? :(
weird... I did that but it kept asking me for the card so I ended up putting it in but it didn't charge anything. Whatever
Not BoxeR?
sounds awfully like our team last year, not showing up in the 3rd period
And by mid 2000s the popularity was at an all time high I think. Way bigger than lol in korea now
I HOPE UTICA COMES BACK IN THE SERIES TO MAKE THINGS MORE INTERESTING. HOWEVER, MANCHESTER IS A GREAT TEAM AND I HOPE BOTH TEAMS DO WELL. SAME FOR CHICAGO AND TAMPA. I HOPE THE PLAYERS GIVE IT THEIR ALL AND HAVE AN AMAZING SERIES. GO HOCKEY!
Redwoods is nice, I just don't like how it has lots of hills. Northview and Morgan Creek is definitely nice too, but like you said a bit expensive. I personally like Hazelmere and Peace Portal too. Not too expensive, but fairly well maintained. Meadow Gardens was also not too bad. Closer to the city... I haven't played at many but I really enjoyed places like University Golf Club, McCleery Golf Course, Burnaby Mountain, etc... I almost had a chance to play at Shaughnessy once but I never got to... I remember I was so mad about that. (A lot of my info could have changed as I don't live in Vancouver anymore)
First time I played there, I had no problems. It was a twosome with my dad and it was a quick round. Second time was with my friends who were just picking up golf and the marshall gave us a bit of crap for being slow but w/e, we were slow and we tried our best to keep it up. I wasn't happy, but I wasn't going to argue as I thought it was our groups fault. Third time I played, I went with my work buddies and it was a group of 8 split into two foursomes. IIRC it was a weekend, so it was a busy day. We were having fun and enjoying our day playing golf, then the marshall came to us around 5th hole and told us that we were extremely behind schedule and that we needed to keep our pace up. Every time since then he kept following us and watched me swing and constantly said we were late. It was extremely irritating that this guy would just keep staring at me play golf and annoy me, it was like he was deliberately trying to throw me off. We stopped after 9th to grab a hotdog and we were only about 5 minutes behind schedule (and we couldn't even see the group of 4some behind us, which were our own friends) but he kept going on even after that and told us to pick it up. By 13th or 14th we caught up to the group ahead of us and there was like 3 or 4 groups waiting. We ended up waiting at that hole for about 30 minutes. After the round all 8 of us were talking and I told my boss at the time about what happened and he went inside and complained about the issue. Turns out, the guy came to our store before and asked for a discount to which we said no. So idk he was trying to take it out on us or not, but he knew we were from my work as we were getting the industry rate at the time. Ever since then, as the nature of my work I'd talk to customers about good courses around vancouver and some people were saying things like how the course is in great condition, people who work there are really nice, but some old marshalls are doing a terrible job of taking care of things. I never went back to Pagoda after that and then eventually left Vancouver for school. I still tell people Pagoda is a great course, and I'm sure things have changed since last time I went there, but I don't plan on going back anytime soon. edit: sorry for the long rant. I just was typing along and didn't realize it got so long.
There are some good courses around Northern Washington too! when you have time you should take few days off, and play few rounds at courses around whistler, few around vancouver, and few around Bellingham area!
Toronto most likely. ~~My random pick that might is Calgary though. I think they have so much cap space available they might make some moves to get better while some others try to make room~~ edit:jk
Ah okay. I didn't know your team's situation in depth. I guess your comment answers it haha
we can make some splash too :(
what the hell was that. I cant remember exactly but I think they did something like this against US too. Just didn't result in a goal. That's a dumb mistake to make after playing defensively sound for 35 minutes or so
BB cream iirc.
Ji. Number 10
yes
It reminds me of the 2010 world cup game between us and argentina during a group match. We managed to stop Messi pretty well, but then we got shit on by other players like Tevez and Higuain.
idk about that. First it is a different match and second I think Korea was playing really well defensively until that stupid first goal, then the team just went completely flat. I honestly think US would play better than Brazil if they played Brazil.
Home kit is Red with blue stripes on both sides, and away as you can see is white with red on one side and blue on the other side. I really like our away kit.
does anyone have a clip of the supposed non-call penalty? I still havent seen it yet.
Lets score one. In the group stage its (obviously) better to lose 2-1 than 2-0. Lets go Korea!
I thought if you got pushed, you fall away from the person who pushed you, and not to the direction towards them. Soccer defying all physics.
Oh Interesting. I was wondering why Kwon was doing the salute as she was coming off the pitch. Apparently she serves in the army. Very cool.
thats why the Brazilian mens do the same thing too! TIL
JaeDong for Korean manager please
Very rare for women to serve in the armed forces in Korea. Thats why I was thrown off when I saw that. Only required for men, not women.
Just men only haha, for a bit less than 2 years.
we were talking specifically about Korea, not Portugal.
He's a big leafs fan... with a Jets flair due to some reasons I can't remember.
oh oops my apologies
We are the 99.999%
Well, I already had Maki pre-ordered but Just preordered the other 8. RIP wallet
We supposedly refused to send Schneider to Edmonton for a lot bigger package than New Jersey's, I just dont see how we'd trade Lack for just 33rd just like you said.
true, but I believe in Benning enough not to do any favours just because theyre friends. If he ever did he'd lose all credibility and lose my trust.
Well, I needed to level another CA. I guess I found the one.
I never said anything about that, what i was saying is if we refused to trade potential starting goalie (at the time) to Edmonton, it wouldn't make sense to trade another one to them now.
Supposedly 7th pick (Nurse), Second round pick, and a top rated prospect.
but he won't be 18 years old anymore when and if he wins Calder!
It would obviously be thrilling to watch Benn play for our team... but at the end Dallas would have matched it no matter what. If they didn't, due to CBA rules we would have most likely had to pay Dallas an arm and a leg.
Theres no way they will be hesitant when they retire both 22 and 33. They were drafted together, they played together, they had their best playing days together, and most likely they will retire together which means we should retire their numbers together. Just as you said, they are the best players to wear our Nucks jersey. I don't doubt we will retire their numbers within a year of their retirement. Naslund retired in 09 in the NHL, (Played at modo in 2010) we retired his number in 2010. I don't see why we wouldn't do the same for the Sedins.
hell, we could even throw in Sbisa. 2 is always better than 1.
I should just run 90 minutes every day. How to lose 70lbs in just a week!
Idk, Blues has 6 numbers retired, LA Kings has 5 numbers retired (they were irrelevant for quite a long time obviously before 2012), Sabres has 7 numbers retired, Capitals has 4 retired and most likely 5 when Ovie retires. I don't think having 6 retired numbers wouldn't be such a bad thing.
I'm here!
Please no bad back passes please!
was that another botched penalty call against Korea? I didn't get a clear view of the non-call.
great efforts from both sides! wow! What a save by the Costa Rican keeper.
wtf was that Another defensive lapse again -.-
About freaking time we get a penalty kick call. That call was weak as hell though. Shoulda called the earlier one and this shouldn't have been a call.
not really a dive, but not really a penalty call either.
jet fuels cant melt steel beams
I really dont think both of them were dives... They both tripped up on their own.
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLL WOO HOO what a cross and a what a header. Just a beauty.
Jesus this game is so much more interesting than the match against Brazil.
woah costa rica with a korean-esque mistake.
nice header and a nice block.
idk, the UAE game just recently and the Asian Cup wasn't that bad.
Tripping over a ball is a yellow now?
oh for fucks sake.
for fucks sake. Soccer match is supposed to be played for full 90 minutes. Extremely disappointing.
I ordered Marika but she is nowhere to be found :(
I really loved the anime Nourin.
they are building a new one for Samsung Lions too. The current one is so small and run down. Also there's the dome in Seoul that is almost done that Nexen might move into.
Summer classes suck. This is the last week of my summer classes. After a week I'll be travelling again, I'll be in New York, Boston, Tokyo, and spend the rest of the summer in my parents' in Seoul. Quite pumped to get out of Halifax.
Sorry, but I really don't think Hodgson would fetch anything with the contract he has now.
It's really annoying when you have to fly from halifax to seoul, instead of going straight from Vancouver to seoul like I used to :( so I figured I'd just stop at whole bunch of places and travel while at it. And if you haven't been to seoul for 10 years now, it's so different now! I go back every couple years or so (to see my extended family) and city is just so different every time I go back.
Haha, I really hope it clears up by the time I get there, or at least by the time I get back to Canada.
Congrats to the LA Kings on winning the 2016 Stanley Cup!
In 2011, I witnessed all my favourite teams - Steelers, Oregon, Canucks lose in the finals. It seriously sucked that year. This year, I got to see the teams I hate the most - Giants, Buckeyes, Hawks win championships. I want to cry.
thank you! haha
I can only say that we most likely won't win one in the next 5 years or so.
I think it is just originated from the fact that the country used to be so poor(50s-80s), and people thought that only way to be successful in this country was to be able to attend school, and be smart enough to get into university and find a solid job. I just think students being driven to achieve success (where going to bad university is failure)is just simply embedded in our culture. I personally don't think it will collapse on itself, or at least not within reasonable future. However it will definitely be interesting to see how things go.
It's so weird that they'd do stuff like that, in a generation when all the kids grew up watching Japanese anime, such as pokemon or digimon. If i recall correctly, korea slowly started unbanning Japanese media throughout late 90s and early 00s.
Couple years ago, when I was in Korea, my dad and I decided to do a road trip around South Korea, with a focus to visit many popular temples on our path. I just fell in love with this place as my dad and I visited here. It is quite a nice scenery, and I'd recommend people to go visit here if they have time.
and its still 0-0. Wow. edit: I just realized it's in Saitama too. Honestly thought this game would be like 3-0 by now, especially with how well Japan's been playing, under halilhodzic.
that second place team really bothers me.
everytime announcer says Shibasaki it just makes me giggle because it sounds like a swear word in my native language haha
i only watched parts of the game, but the singapore's keeper was just on fire today.
&gt;themselves are uneducated I don't know if I could agree with that. I understand where you're coming from, but many of these mothers (probably looking at mothers born sometime between 1965~1975 if we consider the kids age to be teenagers now) were attending high school around the 80s and many in this generation also went on to attend universities too. In the 80s, the country was already in a better position than when it was the 60s~70s that most people were able to attend upto high school. This is more than enough education to consider themselves not "uneducated" in my opinion. Other than that fact, I agree with the latter part.
I've been a diehard Steelers since I've known football. In 2005 I got harassed so much because Steelers (with some bad calls by the refs) beat the Seahawks in the Super Bowl. It always bothered me seeing the number of "bandwagoners" of Hawks fans in Vancouver in the last couple years. I just fucking lost it when the City Hall decided to fly the Hawks flag in the Super Bowl suddenly, I just found that to be beyond idiotic. yeah there might be a lot of Hawks fans in Vancouver, but Vancouver isn't Seattle.
