Nobody takes the world cup away from america right when the American team was starting to do well and Americans were starting to get interested
Ive noticed the best way to make a paint job look good is to make it clean, which is extremely hard to do with white. Excellent job sir
Any serious defense of tebow,
Never forgive roberts for taking streater away from me So walford
Idk man first putin and now NK? I think its bad when ur enemies want a certain guy
Afc-nfc? How fucking boring
The amount of people who avoid there own insurance like the plague on this sub lol
Meh its OTA's
As someone who has worked in warehouse inventory, I call bullshit
Oh hey thats where I live! A few months back there was a big fight when someones dad showed up. From what I observed from the 14th floor it looked like he wasn't very happy that his white daughter was involved with a black man. Anyway so he made a scene, some fists started flying, security destroyed daddy and dragged him away. All the while being taunted by drunk black dudes. (which was hilarious). Daughter was also crying and screaming "how could you". Strangest thing was that dad was dressed in pool attire.
Esports broadcasting in general is a joke. Its a lot of amateur hour because they dont actually have the budgets to do the spectacle the way the audience has begun to demand it be done. Think about it the nfl has 52 million different sponsors and hundreds of commercials per game. Most esports tournaments have computer component companies and blizzard ones in particular basically rerun those commercials. The reason you see a lot of problems is they only have these sets for 1 or 2 days then they go away. Nothing is permanent and that breeds production problems.
For people wondering why "management doesn't just fix it" it's because nurses have a position of power. Something like this which is an epidemic would likely cause a "rebellion" among the nurses and would basically require numerous hirings and firings which is a problem when peoples lives are at stake.
Ehhh i just watched jurrasic park yesterday; alot of this BEST CGI EVEN TODAY talk is just nonsense. What jurrasic park did do well is realize that cgi looks fake so they did everything they could.to.minimize that by adding in other things to obscure the viewers line of site. However one of the most cringe worthy moments is when the games.keeper gets jumped.and they're just holding a palm in front of the camera while the dude writhes around on the ground with a raptor.
As a Raiders fan I'm worried that Del Rio has what it takes. Early on last year I was worried that he was going to squander the first real talent Oakland has had in a decade. The squad he coached in Denver turned into the best in the NFL after he left and another coach came in. There were a few times last year where he looked like he was in over his head and then he made some interesting depth chart decisions. But we'll see how it works this year, he certainly has the swagger of a "raiders coach".
Always gonna be a lot of love for a gunslinger, leading the league in INT's be damned.
ugh we have paper tigers written all of us. We're everyones hot sleeper pick because JAX is too obvious and easy. Getting overhyped to the max. note: I love our team, its the best raiders squad in over a decade, but some of these people are expecting a little much from an unproven team with one 7-9 season under their belt.
&gt; This guy said this about Debose and Valles but no one else has seen that. I need a link that that's what he does all day And then u get hit in the knee, but gotta perform the next day, and your choice is a pill that gives you the runs and make you have cotton mouth all day, an injection that gives you the shakes when it wears off, or weed. Guess how many NFL players choose the weed?
As someone who owns 10 actual blood knights(I bought 1 and got the second pack because the first had so many finecast problems). They are absolutely not worth it. They dont even look good. You're better off kit bashing dragon princes and black knights.
Wtf are you talking about? Football isn't some arcane secret you can only learn by playing; you can definitely identify terms, deficiencies etc etc. Besides its not like ex players and coaches are better. Even current players and coaches do dumb stuff and think dumb stuff all the time.
I figured it belongs since the heroes discussed it on the latest pod
Yes but you don't have to be a player/coach to get what you are referring to. But this standard you are applying to PFF can be applied to every stat. After all JJ Watt led 2015 in sacks edging out khalil mack by 2.5 but JJ Watt is allowed every single play to rush against the weakest point in the offensive line bar none. Khalil and 3rd place Ezekial Ansah have to stay on their side of the ball and sometimes drop back into coverage. Your post addresses a problem with stats period, has nothing to do with PFF. For example the very much loved by every nfl fan Chris Kluwe (dat sarcasm tho) claimed that he was told by his coaches to kick shorter punts, then they later used his lower stats as justification for letting him go.
People who like warcraft will have this be a 10/10 people who dont will be 6-7/10. The 1/10 scores and battlefield earth comparisons are mind boggling
Because this guys being silly. The movie isnt trying to look "real" its trying to look like warcraft which it does in spades. Seems like there's a lot of people who are pretty jelly that they don't get it.
I actually think people expected the entire lotr trilogy. Which is the nature of memories but isnt fair considering tht its only 1 movie. That being said id say wc1 holds up to fellowship alone
As someone who works in logistics fucking fine, truck drivers are the worst.
The main problem isn't "paid for" congressman its the fact that the majority of congress has no idea how the internet works. So when all the phone companies come a knocking saying the big bad FCC is preventing your constituents from getting good Internet they act on misguided pretenses
Relisten to the soundtrack. The soul of all the warcraft music is there. The music is great.
Yea the way they turned the wizard fights into them using their wands like guns was silly.
And anyone else i need to bribe to make it happen
All that stuff is generated for the good of humanity; theres no payment involved.
Am i the only one who hates when people say "you had one job" when clearly the person had many more than that?
Meh its not like fitzpatrick has an amazing track record hes 43 and 61 career total w/l and has been on 6 different teams. So unless he suddenly figured out how to play pro ball at age 33 I'm gonna bet his success had more to do with the jets as a team than his qb play
They removed it because worgen spelled backwards is negrow and some people got some bright ideas on what to name their new worgen pets Bad look when world of wacraft accidentally references real life slavery
Gold standard rolling in his soccer pitch grave
Gw sells a couple brown spray primers. If they're too expensive army painter and other modeling companies have brands. Id never use commercial stuff because its designed to expand and take up as much space and fill in as well as possible; not good for models
Have you ever been to the everglades? You practically trip over the damn things. Id take my chances with sharks before gators
Ehh thats kind of taking this talk in a different direction; obviously wow plays with real life uses of certain things but the fantasy and the theme is still there. The fantasy of a marksmen hunter doesn't have me using a bow it has a nice longrifle with a scope
Their devs are considered top tier by what standard? That they dick around on the forums of their free game?
I think its much more like audiences google the movies out, and pick the one with the highest rotten tomato score
I dont understand how you can read the books and prefer yen
Usually when its triss' pov it talks about how she actually deeply loves and desires geralt. Meanwhile yennefer sees how many other men she can sleep with before geralt snaps
Well see with BW I value her (it?) for her ability to constantly heal multiple players. So at level one her trait heals 100 health every 4 seconds Lets take Malfurion, his regrowth at level 1 heals 500 health over 10 seconds. Brightwing assuming she pulses 2 heroes twice matches that output. The difference of course being that bright wings is free, doesn't have to be targeted, and is on a lower "cooldown" than malfurions heal is. Also because one of her abilities is not being "used" by a heal it allows her to have poly shield and flare. That being said of course there are scenarios where other people outheal her pound for pound and ideally you would choose another healer if your ONLY goal was straight healing throughput (like say morales for example) but rarely do you get your ideal and rarely do you ONLY need a support for straight healing throughput. Besides my brightwing build is usually (assuming no variable heroes like nova that demand reveal effects) 1-33% healing range increase 4-50% Arcane flare range increase 7-Reduce CD of mist whenever you cast a spell 10-Emerald Wind 13-Usually slow on arcane flare but 50% ability damage if they have multiple mages 16-make polymoprh targets vulnerable 20-stacking mist heals The only 3 "healing" abilities im taking are at level 1 7 and 20
Its the better ult
Real talk id do this for my gf; she hates her weight but hates working out more. Me on the other hand am usually very consistent but ive stopped because i dont want her to feel bad
Many many dont and many many get degrees in shit thats useless
Mcgloins hurt
This is why you fucking decline
How the fuck was that not intentional grounding? He fucking spiked it
That ref looks so upset that we are challenging
ITT: People find out that prison is shitty
Why fire him now and not let the new GM make the decision? Shit why not let Chip try his hand again at personal ala bellichek?
As a fan of a team that spent 13 years without a winning record and hired half as many coaches it infuriated me to see a team and fanbase treat a winning coach like he was sub gus bradley. I also get irrationally angry when browns fans coo over Carson Wentz as if he would have been anywhere near as successful behind clevelands line
My favorite part is Crab's disbelief that its actually happening. Like "what the fuck did that guy really just walk up to me specifically to break my chain?"
By facemasking at full speed. Also key that I never said aqib talib sought to intentionally injure I said the best play is to intentionally injure via a facemask
Corpse Princess Boy did that show go off the rails
We don't have universal healthcare because Ted Kennedy died and got replaced with a republican. That ended the supermajority coalition.
Well yea but what do you do with them? No other country wants them, do you just push em out the door and say cya?
Nah this is the most bullshit excuse people come up with to hate on Obama. He's the fucking commander in chief of the armed forces, if an armed forces operation goes well he gets credit. Lincoln gets credit for navigating through the civil war, but he sure as shit never fired a shot. Wilson gets credit for WW1, pretty sure he wasn't in no trenches Roosevelt gets a hella boost for WW2 but you damn well know he wasn't in Normandy. Bay of Pigs was a massive embaressment for Kennedy, but he wasn't on those beaches My Lai was a major blow to Johnson, but he wasn't out there gunning down villagers You don't get to pick and choose and go nuhuh Obama doesn't get credit for that because he didn't personally pull the trigger.
One thing that came out from the wikileaks emails is that quite a few countries that publicly condemned the US involvement in Libya and Syria were privately asking for US involvement via the state department. Alot of countries really rely on the US to be the world police
What dont you like vis-a-vis iran and israel?
Would it make you feel better if I told you he's issued less executive orders than any 2 term president since Grant? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_United_States_federal_executive_orders
why not? My anecdote is just as good as their anecdote sans evidence. Therefore I'm calling bullshit as my experience is different.
Just be honest and say what you want, you want a long term relationship with someone who also likes bdsm No need for codes or secrecy.
Ehhh an enemy they couldn't see and weren't expecting to find.
Its a function of the us election system wherein only the party fringe votes in the primaries therefore moderates get weeded out before they can hit the general election
Yea absolutely its because theres an issue with the rules and it hasnt been addressed. The only thing in the book right now that addrrsses certain situations is palpably unfair im all for adding more standardized or routine ways of handling it however until that happens id rather not the refs just allow teams abusing the rules to be rewarded is all.
I think it would be naive to say that race didn't play a part. Now I certainly don't think John Boehner or Mitch McConnel were like GET THE DAMN NEGRO OUT THE WHITE HOUSE. But I certainly feel like the absolutely extreme overreaction by the far right to his election was motivated in race which in turn pulled the party further and further to the right.
In the US sitting congressman are extremely difficult to unseat. Therefore even in cases where the electorate of a given district shifts political views they could still stick with an incumbent, just one of the oddities (or horrors to some) of american politics. When Kennedy died it gave his district a chance to re-align their congressman and they went republican. If its Ted Kennedy running chances are he keeps that seat, with a fresh run off? Who knows. Plus iirc his replacement basically ran on the fact that they'd stop universal healthcare (because that's what happened)
I'm just gonna go through your post to address a few things. &gt;The Republicans holding both houses have allowed quite a bit The 112th and 113th congresses (2011-2014) were the least productive congresses in terms of amount of bills passed since the incorporation of hawaii and alaska. Though I can't find current data the 114th looks to be barely better than its 2 predecessors. http://dailysignal.com/2014/12/30/turns-113th-congress-wasnt-least-productive/ &gt;every day that Obamacare isn't de-funded is a day of going through with his agenda. They can't defund obamacare because they can't overcome a presidential veto nor can they overcome democratic filibuster in the senate. Has nothing to do with their tacit acknowledgement &gt; Then there's all of the spending going on, which is typically a non-Republican thing It's a non republican thing in name only, republican administrations and congresses spend just much if not more than their democratic predecessor, generally because they cut taxes and dont cut spending to account for it so they drive up higher debts and deficits. &gt;Congress has the power of the purse but they're refusing to use it. They can't use it because they can't override Obama's veto or a democratic fillibuster.
Hey I work in live production so let me answer. The best way to ensure there are no problems is to do a rehearsal with all the parts that will be used during the show that includes the talent. However this isnt always possible or the talent simply doesnt want to so theyll send someone from their band or their assistant to test everything. Unfortunately these tests are usually nothing more than "is it on? Test test okay were done" And finally most A list talent travels/performs with their own tech operators hence why if its a problem with the tracks it wouldn't be on dick clark productions. But honestly shit happens in live production especially musically sometimes shit just goes wrong.
Hey so this means I can play rag regularly?
She-hulk cartoon specifically the transformation scene
Was their defense too complex as well?
idk if you view the NFL through rose colored glasses as a pats fan but the last 15 years have been the same teams in competition, and the same teams as bottom feeders. I'm not saying turn arounds can't happen, its just that they are preceded by getting players on the team and actually building. Winning in the NFL isn't some improbable coin flip. Furthermore if you want attention in mega-market like LA you need to be a consistent winner.
Lame that making the playoffs exempts you. Basically means we're always stuck with meh teams
Totally seperate walked up to crab after a play and snatched it and ran
It will decimate keeps if left alone, I think combined with general of hell a demonic invasion on a keep can take out half its health or more depending on the placement of the secondary turret. If I want to dunk I take black pool If I want to win I take invasion and drop it on enemy buildings every cooldown.
Not viable, just better. The beam as it is is viable because it forces the target to run around, if they happen to be hit by cc then it does pretty damn good damage. It also is an instant "I win this duel" button. Either they sit there and tank purifier and die or they run away.
Wtf even is this you're bitching because huskar was a troll throwing spears and not axes? Get a life lol
while conveniently ignoring the stat based argument I posted lol.
The no overtime in the truck is wrong and illegal The passengers in the truck is not wrong and illegal and is actually the company doing said passengers a solid as they don't have to put miles/gas on their personal vehicles Before you file a wage claim (and as you said potentially lose your job) try advocating in a way that says, "hey guys I'm pretty sure this is illegal and you could get in trouble for it!" Never assume maliciousness when incompetence can be the case. Many small business owners are good at selling their particular product, not at actually running a business or HR.
Go to the police, police will contact them for footage. Just be prepared op to find out that the cams were mysteriously not working that night or down for maintenance. Look through your rental agreement for anything guaranteeing camera surveillance.
It is illegal and against copyright So take that information as you will.
Every other industry is able to maintain standards of customer service without requiring "tipping" to pay their employees. If you feel you deserve a "commision" thats something you negotiate with your boss. Not an onus to put on a customer. I'm there to eat and have a good time; not worry about suddenly being directly responsible for your wagerate. All other commissioned employees take their cut off the list price of the product. There is nothing different or special about being a waiter that means that should be different. Especially when there are other countries were tipping isn't a thing and they manage to have high quality restaurants with dedicated waitstaff just fine
Most progressive would be the hots team. Yes im being pedantic
Id imagine the biggest issue and what i recall the devs saying is that it amounted to a block feature which would fuck with the matchmaking in hots overwatch and sc2. As well as the pain in the ass of having to reinstance people in WOW to avoid their friends or guildmates. They also didn't want to deal with just letting the game allow you to run into people in game via matchmaker or physically being present in wow. And the inevitable bawwing and fallout that would cause.
1. Dustin Browder while he was game director up until a few weeks ago would simply answer any questions put to him on twitter. 2. They release a new hero every 3-4 weeks and aggressively balance them to ensure they come within +/-5% of 50% 3. Devs display striking transparency and often directly implement or add player suggestions to the game within a month 4. Devs always explain what theyre trying to go for with any given gameplay change and are open and honest when heros get away from them or present balancing problems (kaelthas) 5. As the older heroes fall out current design philosophy they are frequently updated and reworked to keep pace with newer heroes as well as fit the current design meta. 6. They admit their mistakes
The one based on the scopes monkey trial
U seem upset lol
Deploy them in advance of ur troops to thin out approaching arnies if you are defending. Hide them in forests and have them go to work against the enemies back line or set them against enemy siege units. If you're attacking ranged armies really want that walk up phase of free shooting to thin out your army. Advanced deployment skirmishers can tie up that fire via distraction or by engaging enemy ranged units. And finally they are a great anti flanker unit to protect your own ranged and siege units from the variety of quick moving flank units. Theoretically does it make your army "harder" if you just only have big block stacks? Yea but you could also just auto resolve every battle too.
What essential content is blocked? All heroes can be had with gold which they chuck at you while you level/do quests. There's also been the recent nexus challenge which gave u like 10 heroes if you played with friends
Block lists are generally much smaller than friends lists and are usually game specific not cross game
I feel like his AP build is fantastic if you cant AA effectively against a certain comp. He turns into a chromie that punishes you for getting close and bawwwgawd guillotine is dirty
Get the nexus bundle its the same cost of buying a game
Get better internet/computer. Twitch streaming has a delay
Im still upset about the addition of finishing blows, but thankfully the community despite my worst fears is able to handle it
Cant wait till salty texans fans start shining lazers at this game and the ensuing shitstorm because this game isn't in mexico city
Source? Or gtfo
Well dont you feel silly
To be honest I've never thought arnold would be a faithful husband. He used to point blank walk up to girls on venice and blurt "do you want to fuck me?"
