I came here to talk about the Patriot but OP already mentioned it. there was just about nothing accurate on the movie. The main character doesnt even exist and is created from two real people. On top of this the climactic battle (i think Cowpens) wasnt even that important to the overall war...
Oh i forgot about the 13th warrior. its a movie about a middle eastern prince who goes to Scandinavia and ends up joining a group of vikings who go on a journey to liberate/save another group of Scandinavians. He cant speak their language but slowly learn it over months of listening. eventually he crafts his own sword and is accepted by the vikings and pretty much becomes one of them by them end. Edit: fixed spelling
the crystal itself creates the power, it is held by a containment field in the saber i believe there is an actuater that activates the crystals energy, like light on a photograph type chemical reactions. i dont remember but i read somewhere about it, its just been years.
pretty much during that period. However during the conquest of christianity, especially spreading to english isles and such it was really just one of those "hey they worship something other than christ. Lets kill some of them, persecute the others and eventually theyll be scared and join us" If you really look into how we got the current visuals of the Devil it is actually based on and very similar to a Celtic deity who was pretty much the personification of nature to the Celts.
Austria, Australia, Argentina
if it were highschool i would have a bunch but university not so much
only 2 people on the show are from New Jersey, but pretty much everybody i know hates new jersey...
American here. You hold the fork the left hand especially when using it to hold food when cutting with a knife. Although, when i travel outside my state i sometimes get weird looks for it.
fair enough, i actually enjoyed it for what it was, just the blending of history and fairytale kind of bugged me.
tumblr
Music. whenever im not thinking about something i have some sort of music in my head, usually symphonies and such but thats my favorite kind of music
Captain Hook in the original story was trying to save the kids when they got too old because Peter Pan would kill them because they werent kids.
upvote because you beat me to it.
Yoda's birthday. he's been around for 800 years (by the prequels) he's been the head of the council for how man of those?
yeah in the original story Peter Pan was actually the bad guy. (the stories all had a twist or horror of some sort, like Cinderella had the two sister cutting their feet to fit the glass shoe) Captain Hook was just trying to save kids before they were killed.
1812 Overture, finale. Cannons galore. I considered Always Look on the Bright Side of Life, but that would be more leaving the battle (sorry for no link cant post it atm)
I picked a fight with my brother who is 5 years older, because he got me in trouble. Long story short i almost got stabbed...
Peter Pan is actually the bad guy. Captain Hook is just trying to save the kids Peter kidnapped, because when they get too old, Peter takes them into the forest and kills them.
Being stabbed with a spoon. It has to penetrate 2 inches into me.
Hot chocolate and Mcgriddle sandwiches breakfast is on me, forever.
if I read this 4 hours from now, that would be me.
hey can i get my bass amp repaired?
this is like the 5th thread ive done this on but Captain Hook is actually the goodguy in the original Peter Pan story. Captain Hook was just trying to save kids from Peter Pan who would kill his kidnapped kids when they grew too old.
i just made a similar comment.
nah, its a thing my band friends and i do, see other reply, i honestly could care less about my Karma I'm on reddit for laughs during school.
Personal favorite my friend came up with: I want you backing: Michael asks a girl to sing backup for him.
i bet getting all of them at once would be pretty difficult
I thought about replying with something about amnesia, but i forgot what i was gonna say
O
this is very common, as many southern roads are placed on old paths between farms and such, as infrastructure wasnt need for straight roads, as many farms were self sufficient for the most part. I should also mention that Vehicles are prepped for cold weather in the north, school buses get special prep for super cold weather.
TLDR: video can be used if mentioned by anyone, or taken from a security camera If the video were taken by, say a security camera on a neighbor's house, the Police can ask for that film, or even take that, and it WOULD hold up in court. Also, if any person were to mention a video during court proceedings, the court would ask for it, and at that point even if taken wrongly, would hold up because of a court mandate.
If my memory serves correctly, Herman was the second big one after GHG, who was popular in the 1910's and early 20's, Herman became Green's "rival" (even though they really never crossed paths) in the late 20's and 30's. Where Green focused and played more xylo stuff, especially rags; Herman was the first American 4 mallet marimba soloist, and he played all kinds of pieces, particularly versions of classical music, and piano music set for Marimba solo over either an orchestra or piano accompaniment. (source: my private lesson teacher who specializes in early percussion)
Drum corps method, that i apply even for concert applications: Play 2 mallet runs/pieces while holding 4 mallets, and dont let the outers touch the board, builds hand strength and keeps outers from messing up a piece
i believe they meant non-standard design, rattan mallets bend over time due to moisture and general use
...ok... ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
"Harry Potter, the boy who lived, come to die" entire plot of the movie...
*A man chooses a slave obeys...*
the site itself isnt, a major group of the users are however, as the site was founded and is based in a strong left leaning area.
whats the first name of the main dude from that Hamilton musical?
How many percussionist does it take to change a lightbulb? 1 to do and then repair and tune everything else while the rest dick around....
more as in going away from A=440, thats what i thought they mean, however im not sure.
thanks, that really makes sense as the ones i was looking at had marimbas with low pitch more often, for a richer sound.
Avengers Wars: A New Hope Basically Civil War but in space, and maybe they will reconcile
I wonder if OP has ever driven on an Ohio highway... Way more potholes there than on the side roads.
I-75 north of Cinci has been under constant construction since the 70's... and still has hundreds of potholes
i believe the specifications for the new Gerald Ford class' rectors was around 300 MW although i may be wrong.
fair enough on the TMI, i completely agree with naval reactors being safer on a number of points
construction season hasnt ended since my mother was in high school
The real problem is that even Americans dont know, The media, all of them rarely tell the whole truth. Almost every "poll" they give, has been manipulated, or given to certain people to give the answers the media wants... (source: uncle works for a major media source, and covers political issues/gives "polls")
TLDR: CS is easier to work with for competitions and is built for precision whereas CoD is built for speed. CS has been around longer, and is built for team tactical co-op play(ie: slow, precise) that has real world stats built in, and places more emphasis on being precise and attacking first. CS is built for PC and therefore is easier to set up for a major competition. CoD is built for individual play with fast rounds and easy to use weapons. It places emphasis on speed of rounds and of players, and uses easy to use weapons, that dont take as much skill or practice to use effectively. This takes the precision away from gameplay by allowing someone who is attacked to turn on, and kill an attacker much more easily than in CS. CoD is developed with consoles in mind more than computers and with that, is more difficult to set up for a major competition.
From my experience the Vic Firth pads have a good bounce that is similar to playing tenors. I have a 12" double sided pad and the soft side is great for tenor practice, while the hard side is very close to the feel of a kevlar snare head.
As far as snare sticks go, im a fan of the Hardimon's for marching snare(great weight, balance, and dont need extra tape) and for concert/drumset i would suggest Buddy Rich's above all others if you can find them, they are larger and heavier than most set sticks so they get better volume. they are also shaped with a tapered shoulder-head section so they wont get caught and give a wider range of sounds, finally they are coated for extra durability.
The only issue of the Vic Firth snare pad is that the soft side is very bouncy compared to many others, although it is still good. I actually use it for tenor practice when i dont have a tenor pad. The Hard side is great, it feels just like a kevlar head.
Having sheet music isn't considered unprofessional per say, many groups choose not to have sheet music in their looks. If you think about bands, many songs are either done by ear, and never written down, or are and are sometimes read in studio for recordings. Musicians use sheet music at times, but with what the crowd is shown, we dont see that.
Spartan IV's. the III's were basically just cannon fodder, in the books i think it was Jericho 3 they raided, there were something 500 of them, and barely any survived. Read Ghosts of Onyx(i think thats the one) That also explains how Frederick, Kelly and Linda survive all the stuff going on.
i was about to say the chair but you two already hit it pretty well
"What is your name?" "I am Arthur, king of the Britons" "What... is your quest?" "To seek the Holy Grail" "What... is the air-speed velocity of an unladen swallow?" "What do you mean? An African or a European swallow?" "Huh? I... I don't know that... AUUUUUUUGGGGGGGGGGGHHH!!" "How do you know so much about swallows?" "Well, you have to know such things when you're a king, you know."
Long...live...the...king
I pick things up and i put them down
oh also lots of plants, and poop
My starbucks is now made of chocolate chip cookies... eh could be worse
Of course monogamy is a myth? Who ISN'T in a polygamous relationship? I mean its like you people hate fun, and all things good in the world. (source:¯\_(ツ)_/¯) Edit: Misspelled polygamous
Anakin Skywalker in Forest Gump, see what Galactic events He unknowingly shapes.
mate try Holsts the Planets, specifically Mars, spooky boner...
From my experience, the German speaking countries are pretty good, most people speak english as well as german, and the languages are very similar so you could pick things up just by listening
well, most likely the lowest note, its usually to low to hear clearly
hate
good
any cake loving heathens that comment here better watch out
it depends, my highschool works on a Block schedule, so we have a class only every other day, but we meet for 90 minutes a period. so we do homework like colleges do
kill
him
have
Please become a speaker about situational awareness.
You, my friend are the real MVP. Even if there is only one lane, I will try and position myself so there may be enough space for someone else to turn.
Yes. I work in a place where I get lots of phone calls wondering if we have such and such or if we can make a delivery. With older people, and a large variety, a quick good bye can get you a long way.
They will hurt after a while, but it depends on how strong your code is more than anything. My first suggestion to any snare and tenor players is to start a regimen to build up your core strength to carry the drums for a long period of time.
I would be fine with kenwood as I go there regularly, and it would help to stay away from competition in West Chester/Mason which have been receiving the popular places like Marion's and Canes
Yes indeed it is, beautifully jagged is probably the best description I've hear for that note.
That sucks mate, I had something very similar happen to me in fourth grade, where I left a school because of a very similar principal. Hopefully everything's ok now.
Whose food the cat or the wife?
Fair enough, but unfortunately at least up here, people are more likely to go for the thin crust pizza this the deep dish.
Sorry m8
It's when he runs after his son's bus that hits me.
Fuck man, iron giant hit way too hard
What I've found is that hardly anybody in Cincinnati is actually making a stink(aside from my brothers father in law)
Idk if you can get it/ for cheap, but there's a program my school used (they gave students computers) called Dyknow,. They were able to take control of our computers, see whatever we did, shut them down or just watch us, or even play the games we had pulled up for us, without the students knowing. Also they used it for teaching.
These experiences cause me to leave a school, and taught that if you get into a fight, you better damn well be the only one walking away.
I went to an all male Catholic highschool, and technically, the archdiocese says they can't refuse to admit a girl, they can raise tuition to crazy amounts but they can't say no
I know a lot of public school kids in America that are forced to use the foam balls in gym for football/soccer...
Go to a private school most places require skirts
Have some nice Reddit silver
Pretty much in Cinci, it isn't even an issue...
I've only seen Cinci people that don't give a shit
Take your damn upvote
"I'm Guy Fieri and we're rolling out..."
You mean commander crunch...
It's just the Smith&amp;Wesson 500, no magnum
I know someone whose name is Richard Dickman, and let's just say that his name fits his personality.
Yes, it was written specifically for Lion King
