Property taxes are extremely regressive, much more so than sales taxes (which aren't really regressive at all in our case, due to their many exemptions).
Since the bridge opened, they've had to tear down the old bridge, and add 2 more lanes to the new bridge. Perhaps they couldn't add the pedestrian lane until that work was finished.
There's a lot of negativity from people here, but from what you're saying here, I think you've got the right mindset to appreciate a move. If you enjoyed living in Newfoundland, just for the sake of being somewhere new and getting a fresh start to live more independently, then I bet you'll have a blast in Vancouver. You should go for it.
Yeah it's pretty funny, when people talk about how many "self-made" billionaires there are, they're often referring to people born into families that were "only" at the 95th percentile for wealth. [For example](http://www.cnbc.com/id/49167533), Forbes considers 70% of American billionaires to be "self made". But that group includes not only people like Mark Zuckerberg, whose parents were a dentist and a psychiatrist (and thus would be in the wealthiest 5% of families), but it even includes people who inherit "medium-sized companies" or more than $1 million (but less than $50 million) of start-up capital.
&gt;Despite the the outcry of hippies and Reddit, the demand for oil is not going to go away soon That's beside the point though, because the proposed bitumen pipelines are not needed at current production levels. If we maintain current levels of oil sands production for now, and then start to gradually reduce production as we reduce our dependency on petroleum fuels, we will not need these new pipelines. Alberta is already pumping a lot of oil, we don't need to triple oil sands from current production levels (1.8 million barrels/day) to 5.2 million barrels/day by 2030, which is the stated intention of the 4 pipeline proposals. Our country is supposedly aiming for a 30% *reduction* in greenhouse gases by 2030, yet we're going along with the oil industry's plan to *increase* oil sands production by 200% over the same time span? Those goals are incompatible, and to me that's a problem. &gt;95% of the gas used by Metro Vancouver gas stations comes through the TransMountain pipeline But isn't that irrelevant to the proposed twinning of the pipeline? As far as I'm aware, none of Metro Vancouver's gas will come through the additional pipeline, since it will be carrying unrefined bitumen, to be loaded onto tankers and shipped straight to China.
Ha, you don't have to be a hippie to disagree with the pipeline proposals. Well let's look at it this way: oil sands production in 2012 was 1.8 million barrels/day, and that oil got to market via existing transportation options, mostly existing pipelines. I can't find numbers for 2014, but in [2013](http://www.energy.alberta.ca/oilsands/791.asp) production was apparently 1.98 million barrels/day. Now the following pipelines have been proposed, to enable a major expansion of the oil sands: Keystone - 830,000 barrels/day Energy East - [1.1 million barrels/day](http://www.transcanada.com/news-releases-article.html?id=1746092) Transmountain - 600,000 barrels/day Northern Gateway - 525,000 barrels/day Add those up, and it's over 3 million barrels/day in *additional* capacity for moving bitumen from the oil sands, on top of the capacity already exists. Even if no pipelines from the oil sands currently existed, that would still be overkill at current production levels. [This Toronto Star article](http://www.thestar.com/business/economy/2014/01/31/why_is_keystone_so_important_to_supporters_and_opponents.html) lists most of the numbers I mention above, and also shows a helpful graph showing the Canadian Association Petroleum Producers' plans for oil production until 2030. And it just so happens that their plans include about 3 million barrel/day of oil sands growth, on top of all projects already operating or under construction. So the 3 million barrels of additional pipeline capacity will be necessary for the oil sands to expand production by an additional 3 million barrels/day. But at current production levels, they are basically not needed. Now don't get me wrong, if someone supports the rapid expansion of the oil sands, then it would be reasonable enough for them to also support these pipeline proposals. But personally, as someone who thinks we've all been kicking the can down the road on climate change for too long, and that we should significantly increase our efforts to begin transitioning away from fossil fuels, I don't support the further expansion of the oil sands (especially considering the magnitude of the proposed increase), and therefore think the pipelines would be a step in the wrong direction.
Well I appreciate that you're willing to consider my points. And for what it's worth, I'll admit that a lot of people on "my side" of the pipeline issue are quite irrational about it, and their voices are often the loudest. But that doesn't mean there aren't also logical reasons to come to a similar conclusion.
That's part of the equation, yeah, because they sell to the U.S. for somewhat of a discount (although I think that discount has become smaller lately, since the price of oil fell).
I could be mistaken, but I'm under the impression that similar rules already exist for car-pedestrian collisions and rear-endings: the driver who collides with a pedestrian is presumed to be at fault unless they can demonstrate otherwise, and a car that rear-ends another car is presumed to be at fault unless they can demonstrate otherwise. That's what they told me in driving school about a decade ago.
You don't have to rent in a brand new building...
&gt;In the case of pedestrian-car incidents I don't necessarily think that law is correct either. A pedestrian shouldn't be able to get away with jaywalking and getting hit. But if the pedestrian jaywalked, then in most cases it will pretty easy for the driver to demonstrate that fact, by pointing out the absence of a crosswalk at the place of the accident, or by using eye-witnesses. And this is still only necessary if the pedestrian was at fault but disagrees or chose to be dishonest about what happened, rather than agreeing with the driver.
&gt;Libs had their chance to change things for the better, irt Aboriginal Affairs, and they also dropped the ball. By "dropped the ball" do you mean "lost an election to Harper"? That's the reason the Kelowna Accord got shelved. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kelowna_Accord
Just like how the fixed election date is "fixed", except when it's 2008 and the PM feels like calling a snap election. The Tories don't *have* to stick to their anti-coalition stance, but they will anyway, because the Liberals would not form a coalition with them anytime soon. Forming a coalition with the Conservatives would put the Liberals in the same squeeze that the UK Liberal Democrats were in: progressive/centrist voters will lose faith in the Liberals for all of the right-wing policies that get implemented, while conservative voters will give credit to the Conservatives for those same policies, and the extent to which the Liberals reigned in the Conservatives' worst impulses would be hidden and unknown to the public. As a centrist party, being a junior coalition member is not a good place to be.
Which part of the argument did you find convincing? It seems to me that she's talking out of both sides of her mouth. She and the finance ministry say that a reduction in foreign housing investment would have little impact on housing prices, but they also say it would reduce residential real estate sales. Those two statements don't seem to add up.
[Quarry Rock](http://www.vancouvertrails.com/trails/quarry-rock/) could fit the bill. Quite easy, transit accessible, and ends with a beautiful view.
I just don't see much benefit to the Liberals aligning with the Conservatives, and I see a lot to lose. For centre-left Liberal-leaning voters like myself who are fed up after 9 years of Harper, it wouldn't matter who the leader of the Tories was; if the Liberals helped them to stay in power, it would send us straight to the NDP camp. Letting the NDP govern might not be a bad option for the Liberals, as it would: A) allow for many of Harper's worst ideas to get reversed, which Liberals would appreciate (even if they don't get credit for it politically) and B) set the Liberals up as the moderate-but-still-progressive option to replace the NDP, in case the NDP either prove to be too ideological for the electorate's liking, or just make some mistakes in general (as most governments do). A disappointing term by the NDP could put the Liberals in a very good position to capitalize in the following election, among Liberal-NDP swing voters who want a change from the NDP, but don't want the Conservatives back in power.
&gt;That is not at all what Christy is saying. She doesn't think foreign ownership is the problem, and Vancouver city can take steps to solve this instead of just asking for a tax raise. Every time she speaks on this issue, she stresses the importance of preserving equity for homeowners, implying that it's a valid reason not to support policies that could help Vancouver's housing prices to decrease (or even increase less rapidly). For example, she argued against a tax on foreign home-buyers, on the grounds that ["By moving foreign owners out of the market, housing prices will drop".](http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/british-columbia/b-c-premier-christy-clark-opposed-to-taxing-foreign-homeowners-1.3072443) &gt;Gregor is putting on a show admitting there's a problem. The amount of effort he'll put into this will be equivalent to the amount of effort he puts into his ending homelessness promise. Well Gregor and the city have been approving a lot of new housing development, and I believe they're now trying to collect data on empty homes. Obviously the city should do more, but as far as I can tell the province is literally doing nothing to try to address this issue. What do you think the city and province should do?
I'm not sure I agree about the middle-class people being the most affected by a decrease (or stabilization) of housing prices. People with multiple properties can sell off their extra one for profit, and thus benefit from high prices, whereas most middle-class people need to live in their house, so while technically higher housing prices mean they have more wealth, the increasing real estate numbers don't really affect their life (except for requiring higher property tax payments). They might want to move to a more expensive property at some point, but if their property *and* the prospective property have both fallen in price (since we're assuming a decrease across the whole regional market, not just targeting one person's property), then it'll actually be cheaper for them to make that jump. Let's say someone owns an $800,000 property and wants to upgrade to a $1,000,000 property, then it's a $200k difference. But if property values fell 20%, then they now own a $640,000 place and the place they want is $800,000, so the difference is reduced to $160,000, and they save $40,000 compared to before. The middle-class homeowners who benefit most from high real estate prices in Metro Van are those who either plan to downsize and pocket the difference (and maybe use it to buy some vacation real estate elsewhere), or plan to move outside of Metro Van, to somewhere with cheaper real estate. Both categories would more often be the empty-nest baby boomers on the verge of retirement, not the 40-something couple working and raising a family in the city. So essentially, I'm not sure I agree that most middle class homeowners will be hurt by stabilized or decreased housing prices, but I absolutely agree with you that this is a generational issue, first and foremost.
The living conditions in which they are raised can often be considered abuse: [Non-graphic image of pigs at a factory farm](http://www.motherjones.com/files/factory-farm-630.jpg) [Another non-graphic image of pigs](http://static1.squarespace.com/static/53c4b06fe4b03a89bfc573b3/53d85539e4b08cf75c2dba40/53d8553ae4b08b2eaf66340f/1406686534869/farmpig.jpg) If dogs were spending their entire lives locked in confined spaces and then were slaughtered to have their corpses eaten, there would understandably be outrage. I wouldn't want my dog to have had that life. And that raises the question: why is it wrong to treat dogs that way, but it's completely okay to treat pigs like that? Are pigs incapable of suffering?
What sorts of harms are you concerned about? Regarding, let's say, a tax on absentee homeowners (who own residential property in the city but leave it vacant and unused for 11+ months per year).
That's one part of the problem, yes, and there's an inevitable inertia on that front, due to populist public opinion against rapid re-development, which the politicians can't ignore. The other part of the problem is that we now live in a globalized world and wealthy people in developing countries want somewhere stable to park their wealth, in case their home country tries to seize assets (due to political turmoil or any other reason). Those wealthy international investors seem to be disproportionately choosing a few particular cities around the world where they would like to do so, one of which happens to be Vancouver. Interestingly, a British bank did a [poll](http://www.cbc.ca/news/business/almost-half-of-china-s-rich-want-to-leave-the-country-barclays-says-1.2766823) of their millionaire customers from China, and found that 47% of them plan to leave China within the next 5 years, whereas the comparable numbers for United States and Japan were 6% and 7%, for instance.
Okay fair enough! The conversation on this topic jumps around between the many different proposals people have come up with, so I sometimes get mixed up about which one people are referring to. Absentee homeowners tax? I think it's a good idea, which addresses the core issue. Foreign investors tax/limits? Not sure... Luxury condos tax? I don't really have a problem with it, and it's a progressive way of raising revenue I suppose, but I'm not sure it'll really address the issue of housing affordability very much.
An absentee homeowners tax is possible within Vancouver's powers? I hope that's true. It would actually be ideal if this was introduced as a city-wide policy rather than province-wide, since there are vacation communities in the Okanagan and elsewhere where it wouldn't make sense to apply a tax to absentee homeowners, for their cottages and so on.
Hmm you might be right, I can't say for sure. But at the same time, I'm not sure how *much* that sentiment had spread to the general voting public, by that point. Often there's a delay, and first an issue is only well-known among those who closely follow the news and politics (eg. everyone on a subreddit like this), or closely follow that type of topic (eg. environmentalists or oil and gas development proponents), and then people who don't pay close attention to the news gradually hear about it and form opinions later on. I think Kinder Morgan entered the pubic radar a lot more in 2014, when city councils started declaring their opposition and protests started happening, because that's the stuff that puts it on newspaper headlines and makes it a household conversation topic.
Well here's what our society needs to look like in the **long run**, let's say 50 years from now. I'm basing this off of an interview I listened to, which featured an environmental economist who had worked on a report, looking at what it would take for Canada to reduce emissions by 90%: -Electricity must be almost 100% provided by non-emitting sources, meaning hydro, nuclear, solar, wind, and geothermal. Currently I believe we're in the 70-80% range, so this is actually very achievable, but it'll mean we need much more power from those sources (obviously) and will need to better connect the electric grids between provinces. For example, BC's grid may need more connections with Alberta's to help them eliminate coal use. -Personal transportation will need to be almost entirely electric-powered. Public transit systems, electric cars, and maybe hybrids. -For freight transportation, electric batteries might not be able to provide enough power, so biofuels could be the best solution here. -Heating systems for buildings should be powered by electricity, instead of natural gas -Heavy industries and factories will be the most difficult, since a factory that is built can last 50+ years, rather than being replaced every couple decades like vehicles are, so in 2065 we will still have factories and equipment that were built in 2015. So adding carbon-capture-and-storage (CCS) may be the most practical option in many cases, so that the industries still create emissions, but those emissions would be re-directed to be buried deep underground In terms of public policy needed to achieve this vision, the most important thing is to have a carbon tax, so that polluting is no longer free and must be taken into account in business (and personal) decision-making. And that carbon tax should steadily increase, to create more and more incentives for people to innovate and transition away from highly-polluting activities and fuel sources. The good thing about carbon taxes (rather than a more heavy-handed regulatory approach) is that it allows individuals and businesses in the market to decide for themselves what the most cost-effective way of reducing their emissions would be. Because sure, we can sketch out how we envision our clean-energy society looking in 2065, as I did above, but the future is dynamic and people might find more efficient ways of reducing those emissions sources than the ways I outlined. So using a carbon tax, rather than top-down regulations that require specific changes, allows them the flexibility to find the best approaches. BTW I have absolutely no idea why you got downvoted here. Puzzling.
&gt;It's very clear reading this sub what demographic dominates. The range of opinions expressed in this sub is much narrower than most members would probably like to admit. &gt;Any worldview other than that of the middle-class straight white male 20-something is not only treated as alien, but hostile and threatening. It's pretty pathetic TBH. I don't disagree at all, and reminds me of something I was wondering recently: does anyone know of some good places online for quality discussion of politics and social issues, that have more of a balance between the genders? I like this place and plan to continue posting here, but I've realized that all of the message boards I frequent (here, a couple other subreddits, and a couple other message boards) are probably very male-dominated (likely 80%+), which becomes completely apparent anytime a gender or feminism-related topic is brought, and means certain ideas that fit the "bro-culture" take hold and become unquestionable. For example, the ease with which concepts like "rape culture" are dismissed out of hand is frustrating. It's particularly frustrating because it usually seems like most people in those conversations have never actually given the topic much thoughtful consideration, yet they'd instinctively decided they disagreed with the concept without even learning what it was, and became fervently opinionated about it without even a basic understanding of what the term is all about. And just to be clear, I am male (and straight, mostly white, and in my 20s...), but I also wish I could hear opinions and discussion from people from a more diverse set of backgrounds, as people's opinions and worldviews are very much shaped by their experiences and circumstances.
It means the event combines Vancouver stereotypes/trends in a way that basically feels like it's creating a charicature or self-parody of Vancouver. Not that that's always a bad thing...
&gt;NDP better get their shit together for the next election. That, plus people under 40 need actually go to the polls, and remind their friends to go to the polls.
&gt;I get they're different, but there's a similarity between the obviously psychopathic "I'm hurting this animal because it's fun" and the more common "I'm hurting this animal because it tastes good". That's a good point, and reminds me of something I thought of recently: Most people would consider killing to be as bad or worse than rape. Most people also would never have sex with an animal, no matter how pleasurable and amazing it felt, because they would consider that wrong and unethical, since an animal cannot consent. Yet most people *would* pay to have an animal killed so they can eat its corpse for pleasure, without finding that unethical. Why? Are people's ethical justifications determined entirely by social norms, in this case? After all, it is legal and socially acceptable to kill an animal, but not to have sex with one, even though the killing arguably causes more harm.
I don't know if you've ever been vegetarian, but for me it was cheaper (and arguably healthier) than eating meat.
&gt;yes, you can have a lovely plant based diet by deforesting huge swathes of land, planting crops, and raining pesticide all over the place. You have to destroy things to feed this many people. It's not debatable. Perhaps you weren't aware, but much more crops are required to feed people with meat than with plants, since those animals have to eat many times their weight in plant-based-foods, before their death. For every 10 pounds of plant protein fed to a cow, only approximately 1 pound of it gets converted into meat protein. It's a lot more efficient to grow and eat plant proteins directly.
Your calculations look fine, but $5 per drink seems high, since I'm assuming a 6 pack of beer would not cost anywhere close to $30 in Ontario... I think it's better look at it this way: $43/month for the average adult Ontarian. And considering that many people drink rarely or not at all, I don't find it that hard to believe.
Well it was first implemented in 2008 as a $10/tonne of CO2 tax, and then it increased yearly to $15, $20, $25 and then $30/tonne, which is the rate that it is currently frozen at. The current $30/tonne tax adds 6.7 cents to the price of a litre of gasoline, and [applies to other fuel sources as well](http://www.fin.gov.bc.ca/tbs/tp/climate/A4.htm), with tax rates based on the amount of CO2 that they create. Currently the tax applies to [70% of all of BC's emissions](http://www.fin.gov.bc.ca/tbs/tp/climate/A6.htm), since it would be more difficult to apply the tax to non-fuel-related agricultural emissions or deforestation. BC carbon tax has been billed as [revenue-neutral](http://www.fin.gov.bc.ca/tbs/tp/climate/tax_cuts.htm), because all revenue from the tax has been returned to the public in the form of [other tax cuts and grants](http://www.fin.gov.bc.ca/tbs/tp/climate/A2.htm). More specifically, the revenue has been used to reduce income taxes, reduce corporate taxes, send a tax-rebate to all low-income residents 4x a year (along with GST rebates), and provide a grant to all rural residents. The key concept and reasoning behind the carbon tax, is that air pollution and greenhouse gas emissions are a [negative externality](http://www.economicsonline.co.uk/Market_failures/Externalities.html), which harms other parties, but will not be properly taken into account in an individual's decision-making. This results in a market failure, where markets will over-produce goods which cause harm to people outside of the transaction (everyone other than the buyer or the seller), since the buyer and seller will be acting in their own self-interest, and not fully considering their impact on everyone else. The carbon tax is meant to account for those external impacts, to bring an individual's private costs of polluting more in line with the full costs to society. Here's a Globe and Mail article about BC's carbon tax: http://www.theglobeandmail.com/globe-debate/the-insidious-truth-about-bcs-carbon-tax-it-works/article19512237/ &gt;At the same time, it’s been extraordinarily effective in tackling the root cause of carbon pollution: the burning of fossil fuels. Since the tax came in, fuel use in B.C. has dropped by 16 per cent; in the rest of Canada, it’s risen by 3 per cent (counting all fuels covered by the tax). To put that accomplishment in perspective, Canada’s Kyoto target was a 6-per-cent reduction in 20 years. And the evidence points to the carbon tax as the major driver of these B.C. gains. &gt;Further, while some had predicted that the tax shift would hurt the province’s economy, in fact, B.C.’s GDP has slightly outperformed the rest of Canada’s since 2008. And here's an academic article about BC's carbon tax and Stephane Dion's carbon tax proposal, from a UBC poli-sci professor, considered from more of a political angle: http://www.standupeconomist.com/pdf/carbon/2012.Harrison.TaleofTwoTaxes.pdf Let me know if you have any other questions, and I'll see if I have an answer.
Do you plan to own a car, or will get around on transit and/or bicycle? That plays a big role in determining which neighbourhoods would be a good fit. Also do you have preference between a more suburban or urban lifestyle, or don't really care?
It's how our system normally works. Politicians are supposed to consider evidence and expert opinions, weigh that against public opinion, and then choose a solution and explain their reasoning to the public. And then the public get a couple years to see how it turns out, and pass judgement at election time. Instead, the provincial government decided to leave the decision about transit funding *entirely* up to public opinion, which IMO isn't wise for a topic as complex and important as the long-term development of our public transportation system, given that most people have no expertise in any relevant fields, and don't have that much knowledge on the subject. A plebiscite would be better suited to a more simple question like "should the drinking age be 18 or 19?", not this.
&gt;*bikes go to where sidewalk is, and &gt;*pedestrians either leap into False Creek and swim for it, or they build a pedestrian terraced sidewalk. They're going to widen the bridge at the North end, so that the extra car lanes can be accommodated without bikes having to go on the sidewalk. [This](http://vancouver.ca/files/cov/detailed-map-of-proposed-upgrades-at-burrard-pacific-intersection.pdf) diagram of the Burrard-Pacific intersection and [this](http://vancouver.ca/streets-transportation/burrard-bridge-and-pacific-street-intersection-upgrades.aspx) image will help.
&gt;The majority of people in BC own their homes. Therefore, the majority of people - voters - would be fucking pissed off (to put it mildly) if she took action to lower the value of their primary asset that they are relying on for absolutely every bit of their savings and retirement. Not exactly. For a lot of people who live in their house and don't plan on downsizing or moving to another city, their property value is largely irrelevant, as long as the rest of the market moves with it. For example, my parents' house has increased in value by 150% since they bought it 20 years ago, but if it had only increased by 50% or 100%, there would be no real difference to their lives. EDIT: I removed a point about property taxes, because it was incorrect.
Good point. I'll remove the part about property taxes from my previous post, since it was incorrect and wasn't really the key point anyway.
&gt;The fact that Moonbeam bought a house in Point Grey, supported negative changes to vital city infrastructure that would only benefit a very small portion of residents at the expense of everybody else because "bicycles", then sold the house at an absurdly inflated price is completely and utterly insane. The house you're referring to was not in Point Grey, nor was it on Point Grey Road. It was on Stephens St., which is a block past the end of the Point Grey Road bikelane. He also abstained from voting on that bike lane. And as someone who has never lived in Kitsilano or Point Grey, I've used Point Grey Road more times since it was made safer for bicycles than I ever did when it was designed solely for cars. So the changes have benefited me, and probably many others who aren't residents of the area.
You're right, one sidewalk is probably enough for the *number* of pedestrians that cross, but I think the change is mostly so that fewer pedestrians will have to cross the intersections before and after walking across the bridge, since Burrard-and-Pacific is apparently the 2nd most dangerous intersection in the city, in terms of car accidents. There's a lot going on, with a large number of cars, bicycles and pedestrians, so I think they're trying to simplify the design to reduce the chances of collisions and make it safer for all modes. To make up for the lost car lane, they're widening the Burrard-and-Pacific intersection to have 4 car lanes there (2 straight-through and 2 right-turn lanes), since presumably that intersection would be the root source of most traffic slowdowns on the bridge.
Do you know where you'll be living? And are you an undergrad or grad student?
I drive, and I take transit, and I bike. I wish people would stop viewing these issues as a fight between the different modes of transportation. We're all just people trying to move around the region, using the methods that fit our situation and needs.
Port Moody and Coquitlam combine for 160,000 people, plus Port Coquitlam, Pitt Meadows and Maple Ridge combine for another 150,000 people, and they will benefit by having closer access to Skytrain, even if it doesn't directly reach their communities.
&gt; It would scarcely crack many people's top 10, far below jobs, the economy, health care, education, the environment, and a few other things. That's exactly the case for me. I don't like Bill C-51, but I can think of at least 8-10 issues that matter more to me, so if I'm happy with the Liberals on most of those issues then I'll have no problem voting for them.
Macleod's used book store (at Pender and Richards), since it sounds like you're into books. Or the library, of course.
And what exactly would this accomplish?
Yes, they could scrap Burrard Bridge yoga day, and it would save enough money to buy 1/3rd of a bus. Personally I'm hoping for more transit improvements than that.
Both owned by the same company, both work in the same building, and both love to criticize bike lanes (one more aggressively than the other). It's an honest mistake.
The owner of the next bike he steals will care.
I drive a car, but I don't really care about this event. Why would it piss me off?
Sure, I understand general criticisms like that, but the fact that I drive a car isn't really relevant to it. I guess I'm just tired of the idea among some car drivers that we must unite and be outraged anytime someone intrudes on any of "our" road space, as though this is our territory to defend from invaders, like cyclists, pedestrians and yoga-people. I just see it as public space that can be used for a variety of public purposes. Using road space for other purposes isn't always a good idea, but it's not always a bad idea either.
Fortunately the Granville St Bridge is about 6 blocks away.
They could propose market-based solutions like carbon taxes or cap-and-trade systems, which are considered a more economically efficient solution to emissions reductions than direct emissions regulations anyway. The carbon tax revenue could be used to fund cuts to income taxes or corporate taxes, [as it has in BC, where I live](http://www.theglobeandmail.com/globe-debate/the-insidious-truth-about-bcs-carbon-tax-it-works/article19512237/). Unfortunately, anyone suggesting a carbon tax would be completely unelectable in the GOP primaries in 2016, no matter how many other taxes they offer to cut, to make up for it.
Thanks. And no, I wasn't asking sarcastically.
There's a difference between A) constructively discussing ways to improve our city and suggesting ways we can make those changes a reality, and B) bitching and complaining and being negative about everything, and shooting down any constructive suggestions people put forward. This subreddit has too much of the latter, and not enough of the former.
I for one would be happy to see content that is relevant to Canadian society, but isn't Canada-specific. I also hope we'll see lots of ideas-oriented postings, rather than only postings about recent events.
&gt; school breakfast programs I don't like cutting that at all. The problem with assuming that people always make the best choices for their family and are perfectly rational, is that they aren't. I'm not okay with letting kids born with bad parents go hungry, simply because their parents were given enough money to afford to feed them in theory, but spent the money at the casino instead.
&gt;...This understanding offers us a fairly straightforward idea of moral progress: it means including ever more people (or beings) in the group of those whose interests are to be respected. This too is an ancient insight: Hierocles, a Stoic philosopher of the second century, describes us as being surrounded by a series of concentric circles. The innermost circle of concern surrounds our own self; the next comprises the immediate family; then follow more remote family; then, in turn, neighbours, fellow city-dwellers, countrymen and, finally, the human race as a whole. Hierocles described moral progress as ‘drawing the circles somehow toward the centre’, or moving members of outer circles to the inner ones. &gt;**We can see the moral progress of recent centuries in these terms: we have witnessed an extension of the circle of respect and concern to various groups such as women, Jews, non-whites or homosexuals. And in these terms, we have come a long way. But it is equally clear that there is room for improvement. Part of imagining what our great-grandchildren will condemn us for is therefore imagining how the circle might widen further.** &gt;... &gt;**We can also turn our question around and ask, what will our great-grandchildren admire us for? When we look back, we admire those who courageously challenged the norms of their day, such people as Gandhi or the Suffragettes, Martin Luther King or Nelson Mandela; people who widened the circle of moral concern. We have the chance to do that, too. And if we manage, then perhaps our great-grandchildren will forgive us our sins.** This article is not Canada-specific, but I think it offers a lot of compelling ideas for us to consider, and it raises questions that force us to step back and consider the implications of our society's practices from a distance. For the sake of sparking conversation, I'll post a passage of each of the main ideas separately here, since they're each worthy of their own discussion.
&gt;1) Rights for future generations. Currently, only people alive now can claim rights. But just as we have extended our circle of moral concern among the living, so it can be extended in time. The problem is clear: we often make decisions that will have impacts on people far into the future – such as producing nuclear waste that will remain toxic for millions of years – yet those future people are not here to stand up for themselves. Neither defining nor granting these rights will be easy. But there are precedents on which we can draw, such as the ways we protect the rights of small children or animals, who also cannot speak for themselves. &gt;So our successors will have to be imaginative in creating a framework robust enough to defend the unborn in the face of the interests of those alive today, with which they often conflict. For we should be under no illusions: to take the rights of future generations seriously would involve massive restrictions on our freedom of action. Currently, we despoil the earth and seas with impunity to enjoy a luxurious lifestyle (by historical standards). In 100 years, this will be seen as wickedness comparable to colonial powers despoiling their colonies. Though our successors will be appalled by our consumerism, we will not find it easy to adjust to more modest ways.
&gt;2) Rights for other conscious beings. This too is a plausible extension of the circle of moral concern, and one that is already underway. It is no longer in doubt that non‑human animals feel pain and indeed many more complex emotions too. They therefore clearly have interests, such as to run free, or pursue social interactions appropriate for their species. To take account of the interests only of humans and not of other animals is therefore increasingly regarded as speciesism – an unjustified discrimination akin to racism or sexism. &gt;The situation for other species is apocalyptic: humans have never raised so many animals for slaughter – five times as many today as in 1950 – while our impact on the environment is causing other species to become extinct a thousand times faster than normal. There will be many difficult decisions ahead as we try to balance human interests against those of other creatures, or the interests of individual animals against the species or the ecosystem. But our descendants will not excuse us for failing to make these decisions just because they are difficult. More likely, they will curse us for killing all the rhinos, and find our consumption of factory‑farmed sausages as morally repulsive as we now find cannibalism. &gt;As soon as our computers become conscious – and they will – then this extension of concern will apply to them, too.
&gt;3) Opening the floodgates. The widening of the circle of moral concern means that employers in the US, for example, can no longer refuse someone a job because he is black or white, Jewish or atheist, disabled or dyslexic – but they can if the applicant is not American. The same applies in most other nations: states can withhold rights and services, and employers can (or even must) withhold jobs just because of the passport someone carries. In 100 years, people might be impressed at today’s levels of welfare and prosperity in the industrialised world, but appalled that access to them depends on the lottery of whether you were born in London or Lagos. &gt;In a world rapidly growing together, this is bound to change. Of course, there will be a great deal of resistance, as there is already to immigration in many wealthy countries. People do not give up their privileges lightly. And it will have its price: strong welfare systems depend on a sense of moral community that could easily be threatened by more migration. &gt;This is closely related to the point that everyone should have the same rights to healthcare, welfare, etc, not just regardless of where they come from, but also regardless of where they are. In other words, we should be doing everything we can to alleviate suffering everywhere. This poses further challenges: influencing conditions in other countries is not so easy as within one’s own borders. Effective action will require nations to give up more of their sovereignty to supranational unions. This too will face fierce resistance. But eventually our descendants will regard themselves as global citizens – and will be appalled that we let 19,000 children every day die from preventable, poverty-related causes.
&gt;4) Healing criminals. At the moment, we lock up extraordinarily large numbers of people. In the US alone, two million humans are in prison, ruining not only their lives, but also making their dependents and communities suffer too. But in 100 years, no one will believe we have an absolutely free will and therefore that anyone chooses to be a criminal. Indeed, there is evidence that we lock up those who are least responsible for their decisions – those with the least capacity for self-control, those who suffer from addictions, or who are mentally ill. In the UK, for example, more than 70 per cent of those in prison have two or more mental-health disorders; in the US, more than three times as many people with serious mental illnesses are in prisons than are in hospitals. &gt;We will not find it easy to decide whom to treat, how radically and when; nor to extend understanding and sympathy to those who have committed the worst of crimes. But our great-grandchildren will be appalled at how we locked up millions of people when we should instead have been helping them.
&gt; It's not like child welfare laws would be scrapped at the same time... Of course, but even with those in place, there are still many negligent or abusive parents who maintain custody of their kids. I think there are certain public services that exist for very good reasons, and wouldn't be adequately or equitably provided by the private sector, and thus shouldn't be replaced by a simple cash payment. We can't always assume the recipients will spend the money well, unfortunately, because we aren't nearly as rational as we sometimes like to think.
To be fair, it's a 7-hour shutdown on a Sunday, and there's an 8-lane bridge located 6 blocks away, so it really shouldn't be that big of a deal for commuters. The controversy is mostly about optics (which are only getting worse with her tweet lol), rather than much actual inconvenience.
Abstaining means you get attacked from both sides, and makes it easy for others to portray you as being indecisive.
So I'm curious: with a vote like this, where is the public expected to find out about the details of the plan? I followed the campaign closely, and very little of the media coverage gave a detailed explanation of what the tax increase would pay for. During the entire 5 month campaign, I only saw one single news article that showed a map of the region, with proposed improvements indicated. Most of the media coverage was about Translink's controversies and the talking points from the "yes" and "no" sides. I don't think it's realistic to expect the entire voting public to visit the Mayors Council website to check out the details of the proposal, so it makes sense to me that the "yes" side would advertise, to help the public get a better sense of the rationale behind this transit plan, and what it would include. Anyway, this whole vote was a stupid idea. If previous transit improvements had been put to a plebiscite like this, the Millennium Line, the Canada Line, and the Evergreen Line probably never would have been built.
&gt;Seriously every couple of days he was spreading some bs that was debunked every time. "Vancouver is going to permanently shut down the Lions Gate Bridge!!!!!" Sure, that story got debunked the next day. But the eye-catching headline always gets more attention than the debunking, and it does the intended job of leaving some voters feeling outraged and afraid of the "war on the car".
We don't *need* a bike-share program, but it will improve the city and make it easier for people to get around, just as other types of publicly-funded infrastructure have. It might not be profitable (especially right away), which is why the private sector wouldn't want to leap in, but even if it takes a reasonably small level of public subsidies to keep the program going, I think it would be worth it.
&gt;I hate it when celebrities weigh it stuff they know nothing about I don't see why we would assume celebrities can't be well-informed about an issue. They can spend their time reading and learning about societal issues, just as anybody else can.
Oh I know, I found their website very helpful and I read through the plan there. But realistically, the vast majority of people won't bother to do so, and the media didn't do a great job of providing the details of the plan (since they focus on the "latest controversy", which gets more clicks than simply providing informative content), so that's a problem. So that's why I think it was justified for them to spend money advertising the plan and informing people about what we're voting on.
Right, and that's why I think it was important and worthwhile for city councils to spend money on promoting the information, since otherwise very few people would see those websites or know the full details of what we're voting on.
I didn't suggest that *all* celebrities are well-informed, just that they can be.
Living in the West End and going to school downtown, you'll be fine with just a bike and your U-pass (a full transit pass that is in included in your school fees). There is good transit coverage within the City of Vancouver, and there are bikes lanes and recommended bike routes that make it reasonably easy to get around by bike.
No problem! Are you completely new to Vancouver then? By the way, here is a cycling map of Vancouver: http://vancouver.ca/files/cov/map-cycling-vancouver.pdf And you can see some transit maps here: http://www.translink.ca/en/Schedules-and-Maps/Transit-System-Maps.aspx And if you aren't aware, Vancouver's transit system consists mainly of buses and a Skytrain system, which has 3 lines: the Canada Line, the Expo Line, and the Millennium Line.
Chinatown is in the northeast part of downtown, mostly along Pender and Keefer.
&gt;I really care about climate change, about the importance of evidence in policy formulation, about a criminal justice system that is focused on rehabilitation and not retribution, and about an economic system that doesn't give the most to those who need it least. Hear, hear.
&gt;They're not "so called visible minorities," they're the majority The previous article on this subject said that Chinese make up 47% of Richmonders, meaning that there is no majority group.
That's not what the word majority means. &gt;[Majority: a number that is greater than half of a total](http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/majority)
&gt;At the end of the day, 2% will put us tied for the best corporate tax rate in the country with SK and BC Not quite true: 12% will give Alberta the 4th lowest corporate taxes in Canada. BC is at 11% (thanks to having a carbon tax), Ontario is at 11.5% and Quebec is at 11.9%. The other provinces are all at 12% or higher. But I agree with the essence of what you're saying: Alberta will still have a very competitive corporate tax rate after this increase. And pardon my language, but it's not exactly a shit-hole that *needs* to have the very lowest possible tax rate in order for businesses to consider operating there.
That could lead to a severe housing shortage. When there is a shortage of something in a market, prices are meant to increase, in order to decrease the amount demanded and increase the amount supplied, until they match up again. Prices are a way of allocating a scarce commodity. By artificially holding prices down (at $1 million, say), you're ensuring that the demand for housing will exceed the supply, meaning that there will be people who are willing to pay the going rate, but are unable to find housing, because there is simply not enough being provided to meet the needs of everyone willing to pay that price. Something needs to be done about housing affordability, but I don't think price controls are the answer.
What superficial reasons are cabinet ministers going to be chosen for?
I don't want the bubble to pop, I just want it to gradually deflate, or even just stop growing.
Harper refused to participate in the broadcaster consortium's standard debate that usually occurs during the middle of the election campaign (which attracted over 10 million viewers last time). He basically says that he will only participate in debates hosted by other media groups, so this is the first of those alternative debates. http://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/politics/harper-agrees-to-take-part-in-foreign-policy-debate/article24542803/
&gt;those ads are disrespectful to Canadians and to our culture. I don't think I can agree with that statement. For one thing, we don't have a single homogenous culture in this country, and there are over a million Chinese-Canadians who are just as Canadian as you or me, and the ad is certainly not disrespectful to them or their culture. But even setting that aside, I don't really see the disrespect in general. Would it be disrespectful to place an English-language advertisement in France or Japan? In my opinion, no. I do agree that Nanaimo is an odd place for such an ad, but I view that more as a potentially poor marketing decision than a sign of disrespect.
&gt;I have a boatload of second and third generation Chinese Canadian friends, and none of them can read any Chinese dialect. Right, but it is understood by over a million Canadians. &gt;And yes, for me, placing an English only sign in France and Japan would be disrespectful because it's their country, and it should be in their language as well. Let's keep in mind that we're talking about an advertisement, rather than a sign intended to help you find something. An advertisement could include no text at all and that would be fine, but including Chinese text isn't? Anyway, if you think English advertisements in non-English countries are disrespectful then that's fair enough, but we'll have to agree to disagree, because I don't see any issue with that. We may just have different views regarding multiculturalism and the extent to which different groups of people should accommodate or tolerate one another.
I would like for immigrants to integrate with the community at large, but I am comfortable with letting them decide for themselves the pace at which they will do so. I expect that if I moved to another country, I would be more at ease spending time with other people who shared my first language and cultural norms (at least for the first few years there, until I gradually became more comfortable with the new language and culture). So I can't really fault immigrants for mostly sticking to their own groups in the early years after arriving. And once they've established a social group, it's not too surprising they would continue spending time with that group for many years, which might make them seem exclusionary even after they had become more comfortable spending time with other groups.
Yeah the downvote brigade came here shockingly fast, burying any comments that even remotely suggest Chinese language advertisements are acceptable to display in our country. Either somebody used a lot of accounts to downvote, or there's a lot of pent-up race-based anger on this subreddit. Maybe both. Anyway, I fully agree with the points you're making; you've made good posts in this thread.
Yeah it's bizarre how much pent-up rage this place has towards anything Chinese-related. I've never seen anything like it (except the time I stumbled across a White Supremacy website, which unsurprisingly was even worse, but more directed towards blacks than asians).
I don't support foreign ownership of residential property either. But that doesn't justify the hostility towards Chinese people for having a Chinese-language advertisement on a bench, as demonstrated in this thread. It's nuts.
Haha it sure was!
And those memories are irrelevant to the present issue, since Broadway isn't being done as cut-and-cover.
If the plebiscite fails, which takes a sales tax (my preferred option) off the table, then I'm guessing there will be a year or two of municipalities bickering at each other about how to proceed, and then eventually they'll raise property taxes and add a cent to the gas tax, or something along those lines, similar to how they funded previous transit expansions. They'll probably raise enough revenue to fund the Broadway subway and LRT in Surrey, but not enough to buy many of the new buses and Skytrain cars that were in the proposed plan. It's also possible the City of Vancouver might have to increase taxes on its own to fund part of the subway, but that would be pretty unfair IMO, since 50% of people traveling on the Broadway corridor live outside of Vancouver, and Vancouver has contributed its funding to transit lines in other municipalities, like the Evergreen Line. Transit is a region-wide endeavour for good reasons, and will hopefully remain that way. One other consideration is that the federal NDP and Liberals have both hinted that they plan to invest more in infrastructure and pay more attention to the issues facing cities (like transit and housing), so if one of them forms government after the October election, then they might offer to pay for a larger portion of the costs. So maybe instead of funding it with the usual model of approximately 33% feds, 33% province, 33% Translink, maybe it could become 50% feds, 33% province, 16% Translink.
&gt;I believe it is fully costed but the 1% will most likely just end up either sheltering money or moving to another country if they are retired and mobile. If someone is retired, they usually won't have an annual income over $200,000, and thus wouldn't be affected by the tax increase. &gt;It is very easy to move countries while you are in the 1%. But not everyone in the 1% wants to uproot their family and move their entire life to another country, just to avoid an extra 4% in taxes on income over $200,000. And not everyone in the 1% can leave their country while holding onto their high-paying job (or immediately find an equally high-paying job in their new country). Republicans predicted disaster in the US when Obama raised the top tax rate from 35% to 39.6%, but instead the economy kept growing, the unemployment rate kept falling, it raised the revenue it was supposed to raise, and the doomsday predictions didn't come true. I don't expect the sky to fall in Canada if the Liberals raise the top tax rate from 29% to 33%, in fact I think it'll mostly work as planned. Don't get me wrong, if you kept raising the rates repeatedly, sooner or later you'd reach a point where it does more harm then good and you don't gain revenue any more (for example, France's recent 75% tax on millionaires was probably too high), but I don't think 33% is anywhere near the limit.
I think people will still care about C-51, but as the election campaign gets going and more issues get attention, it'll become just one of the many issues people consider, when deciding who to vote for. I don't like Bill C-51 at all, but I need to see the parties' stances on a lot of other issues, before I decide whether I'll vote for the Liberals or the NDP. I know I'll never agree with a party on everything, so it's matter of which one reflects my priorities more.
&gt;As long as you can refuse to register. I'm just curious, but why? Is there any downside to being registered to vote?
&gt;As an aside, it really astounds me the number of single issues that people seem to allow to determine their vote. Yeah it's pretty bizarre, but to be honest, I think people are exaggerating and aren't being fully honest when they say that on here. I expect it's mostly a rhetorical tactic to emphasize *just* how strongly they disagree with something. But when push comes to shove, that one issue wouldn't outweigh all of the others, if that was the choice they had to make. For example, I support gay marriage and might say that I would never support a prime minister who was against it. But that's not really true. If Trudeau and Mulcair came out against gay marriage while Harper announced that he strongly supports it, then it wouldn't persuade me to vote for the Conservatives, who I strongly disagree with on many other issues. I would still vote Liberal or NDP, despite being disappointed with them on the issue of gay marriage. Now realistically, any politician who opposes gay marriage in 2015 would probably be one that I disagree with on many issues, due to having a very different worldview. But in *theory*, it's entirely possible I could vote for someone who opposed gay marriage, if I happened to agree with them on many other issues (tax policy, environmental policy, other social policies, science policy, foreign policy, etc.).
Well they've said it would be an extension of the Millennium Line (which currently ends abruptly at VCC-Clark, just east of Central Broadway), so sticking with Skytrain technology is the only thing that makes any sense here, and they seem to recognize that.
Yeah exactly, I think your "canary in the coal mine" theory is right on point. Good examples.
Well they're counting by hand, so I believe they said to expect the results by late June.
&gt;Having an Agricultural Land Commission restricting the supply of useable land for development over the past 40 years really doesn't help matters either. I disagree, I'd say the ALR has been a great thing overall. Paving over prime farmland to build more car-dependent sprawling subdivisions where people have to drive 20-40km to get to work is not the answer. We need to build upwards, not outwards.
