Your doing yourself a disservice by playing without a joystick. A hotas makes a world of difference
If you knowingly keep that information from someone, that's an absolutely terrible violation of trust, and I would consider someone who does that to be the lowest form of human being. I don't know what country your in, but in my country that's illegal as far as I know, and for good reason.
Toys section of Wal-Mart sells various priced water guns.
The issue I had with my rail asp is the 4 small rails and the 2 medium rails don't fire at the same time. I would swap between the small and medium in combat. Eventually I ended up going to a full multicannon setup. 4 small and 2 medium multicannons shred targets.
A ligar
Vulture after t6, then a t7, then an asp. I ran the vulture/asp combo doing combat and rare runs. I found the asp excellent for running rares. The t6 has good range, but your far less vulnerable in the asp. From the vulture/asp combo I went to the center python. It's been my main ship despite adding the fdl and the anaconda.
It's also the cheapest built stick I have ever seen. I took the dive on it knowing the bad reviews, and it's held up, but it's light, and feels super cheap. It creeks and has lots of play in the stick. It's got a shit load of buttons, lots are of no use for elite, and the 3 hats on the stick seems silly as its very awkward to use. I'd advise against it, but to each their own. If you were in Canada I'd sell you mine.
This only applies to people trying to jump to supercruise. You cannot mass lock a ship that is jumping to another system.
The wings of 4 pythons interdicting and killing single commanders is pathetic. Elite Dangerous : assholes in space
Each system is its own level. When you jump to a new system, that's essentially a loading screen.
I have never done any mining, but am thinking about trying. My anaconda is collecting dust atm, so I might as well try that. What's involved for mining? Do I need a lot of mining lasers, or is 2 enough? I assume I need a refinery, cargo space, and drones to collect?
Hard point placement wise, the type 9 may be better than using my anaconda...
Gta v style insurance. Someone murders you, they bite the cost. It's how insurance works in the world. Discourage pointless murder, be good reason for the thousands of solo traders to play open.
To get solo traders in open, you need to reduce the number of pointless murders. Changing the insurance so the killer pays the rebuy, may help reduce the chances of a trader getting killed by another player just for fun.
Few months ago my work became so stressful that I started getting anxiety attacks. I sacked up my pride and talked to my doctor, who prescribed an anti depressant. Now I feel much better. The worry is still there, but my stress peaks and valleys is more smooth, I'm able to keep things in perspective. It probably saved my life. Side effect... I have the runs all day, every day.
She has an awesome ass.
I like the word "respected". Thinks back to getting jumped and murdered last week by cosmic state goons
lol, I'll post what I please.
I don't see how an hour of bounty hunting only got you 40k. Even a wanted sidewinder can be that much. With a cheap kws, you should be pulling in 20x that in an hour
Tossing mild insults and then telling someone to be diplomatic.... Ha
Didn't read the whole thing, but the reality is this game is still in beta. Retail or not, it's buggy as all he'll and lacking in features. Powerplay is a giant bowl of hot trash. Mixing in a civilization style meta at this point in development seems to be a bad decision. I know lots of people who have left because the game needs atleast a years development before it's up to par. You own the game, if it's not feeling right, nothing stopping you from leaving and returning when it's in a more complete state.
In all my time I have never bothered to visit a belt cluster. I have always been disappointed with stations. The outposts and orbis star ports have some variations, and the coriolis has 2 variations.... It's so boring. Every system feels the same. I'd like to see shipyards, slave stations, giant military outposts, solar generating stations, deep space research outposts, huge recycling barges that drift around systems...massive faction star bases. Giant space scrap yards. Games like X have lots of variety and the universe feels alive. Elite feels very empty.
Experiences like this are rare, but great to hear about.
Been there myself, I know your pain Count yourself lucky the friction didn't lead to bleeding and a subsequent infection.. Worst 4 weeks of my life. Well written
Cool story.
Don't be a sore looser. If you run from a pirate, your asking to be killed. When your pirated, you either submit to the demands, negotiate your way out, or run and die. 100% of the time I pirate someone, if they responded to communication things go well. And most of the time, if the player I pirate makes a case for it, I let them go with only a few units of cargo. Of the 4 people I pirated last night, one ran, and I left him crippled. One I only asked for 2 units because he had a bounty and was a new player, the other two I let go free because they made a case for it.
I'm shaking in my boots. But hey, add me to your contact list. Your free to take a crack at me anytime you please.
The lave cluster is a lot more calm these days than before powerplay.
Piracy is a negotiation. If you have to forcibly take the cargo, you have done it wrong.
Waaah waaah Killing is OK. Stealing is OK. Corrupting entire star systems is OK. Galatic war is OK. Slavery and drugs are ok. Espionage is totally over the line? This adds to the experience. Go toss wet blankets somewhere else.
Hahahaha
Turrets are terrible, the damage reduction is brutal. Fixed is best, gimball is the most practical. The viper is by far, a better ship, and it's hard to outfit it poorly. I enjoyed a mix of beams and multicannons, but I also enjoyed a full multicannon build aswell as running pure rail guns.
Grind it to the viper. If you find someone to help you, hit a res and knock off a few bounties. Two dropships or clippers and you have 200-300k, and your into a viper in no time. I spent less then an hour in my sidewinder.
A thargoid threat will be a unification of the players. Right now we are all split, fighting for different factions. Bring in a threat that surpasses other threats and enemies will work towards a single goal. ..... Or it will fracture it. Part of me wants to see a mass wave of thousand of players moving towards a front to meet the enemy. Think of the community goals. War parties, search and rescue. Supply the front line systems, evacuate civilians, material supplies to build capital ships. Giant space battle escorting fleets of civilian evacuation ships. Same time, have groups that will try to take advantage of the situation. Rouge groups that run and try to colonize a system on the other side of the Galaxy. The alien war allows for huge story arcs. Much more interesting than the stupid powerplay stories
Most doors are made from fiberboard. So toxic glues, paints, plastics.
Nhl games. Resogun, the witcher 3
Google a video. Any description wouldn't do it justice. Also, Diablo 3 on console is actually really good, much better than pc.
I'd steal every pair of Emma stones panties.
Would bang
I'd murder the he'll out of all the cheerios, fruit loops and corn pops
A fedora Or a vape
For me, predator... Was my live for so many years.... Fury road though.... That shit is flawless.
Your statement that America only does what you claim is prejudice and ignorant. I see just as much positive about America as I see them slamming others.
I got drunk and screwed a bunch of girls. Gave me fuckload of confidence
Your ignorant to suggest that all Americans do that. And yet most other countries like to do the same thing towards America
Medical yes, recreation no
More tits
Obama. Always Obama
Ten points good sir
Incomplete without a photo of you in your underwear.
See her tits often in true blood.... Only reason to watch that show.
The frozen song.
I mean, see true blood for her outstanding acting talent. Not for her gap teeth and amazing buttermilk tits.
This right here. Or pizza
These people clearly have never known how glorious girl on girl porn is.
Why do you want to do that?
Diamondback or asp. Combat effective, cargo capacity and jump range. Makes for the ideal rare trading ship.
All power plants are easy to hit.
Angles with filthy soules It's a fake movie made just for home alone. I heard they included it in DVD special features.
Like others have said, the viper is probably the best one.
Masters of the universe
In Ontario we generate less than 0.05% of our power from wind and it's costing almost the same as the other 99.05%
Bring your wallet. Elite dangerous as a current, and cheaper alternative
Nope, I made that up. But, Ontario has spent something like 100 billion on wind power and it has never, ever, generated even 1% of our used power. That and we pay the companies that operate the windmills 3-5x per kwh than we do nuclear or gas. We have one of the most powerful generating stations at Niagara Falls sitting idle. We have so much excess power we PAY northern states to take it from us. We regularly pay Bruce power to vent the excess heat from the nuclear stations because we are not using them. Costs hundreds of thousands. Wind power has bankrupted Ontario.
Nerfed? Naw dude, one of the powers even gives huge bounty bonus.
Oh Toronto
Should read up on your elite dangerous as you appear to be misinformed. Both are works in progress, and for core components, they are the same. Both billed as sandbox space simulators. To your points, the only notable difference between ed and SC is that SC may have a fps component. That being said, Ed has fully modeled interiors and the ability to walk around in ships, stations and planets is in the works. So no, it's not a cockpit simulator. To your point that SC is a fps, no, it's a space ship simulator. The fps is a side addition. Not the other way around. I own both, spent hundreds on SC. SC may have more fps, but ed has a drastically bigger universe. Ed is a fantastic alternative as SC is years away.
I try not to kill other commanders. And anytime I do its usually in defence. Past few days I have been near lhs 3447 or whatever the starting system is. I was in a res with my anaconda helping some new players along when I hit a npc cop and became wanted. I melted the 3 police Eagles that were pestering me and was making my way out of the ring and 2 commanders, one in a viper, other in a cobra decided to go after my bounty. I warned them and ended up putting both down to 5% health. One drifted, other spun until he smashed against my shields.
Turrets will attack on their own. I outfitted my anaconda for defence in a res and put 20 units of gold in the cargo. Pirates would scan and attack, turrets returned fire. In low intensity it's only sidewinders, cobras and adders, and my ship managed with little issue. I was able to sit hands off for an hour to see how it went. Profit was minimal, 300k in an hour. Not worth the risk. I can't imagine a cz working. Even if turrets worked properly, even a tanked anaconda wouldn't survive without the user firing cells.
I was running 4 fixed medium pulse and a large gimball pulse on the bottom.
I have been in that system for a few days with my python and anaconda helping new players, bit last night atleast a dozen skilled pilots rolled in and we're wrecking cmdrs all over.
I would sing them to death.
This is a game where death can mean days of grinding gone. If you gotta go, go
Space sandbox. Combat, trading, piracy. Billions of star systems. Learning curve, but top notch game.
Kinguin was fine. I got mine there. Ship, week of premium and a walk of gold for $9. I haven't heard of anyone who got hosed from them.
The French did it better.
If the invasion didn't pork their plans, the French had one of the biggest and meanest ships ever made, right up there with the Yamato. Dual front quad turrets....
But they actually made the Richelieu class. Despite its problems, was an epic design.
holy shit. Im at nearly $65 with nothing but dabloons and half a dozen camo
I take rudder shift on everything but a few of the USN destroyers.
Yep, it's how I evade so many torps
Ranked isn't about extended brawls. It's about fast decisive strikes. Mogami is good for suppressing destroyers, but not far more than that.
Great video. I did the USN line to the Baltimore but haven't really used it more than 3 or 4 times since I got it a month ago. I was considering free xp to the des moins, but the zao seems like a much better boat. So I started the ign cruiser line and I am working the myoko. I haven't used it much as my division mates are all far behind me, but I'm really liking it. I find it just slams AP into anyone who sails sideways. Part of me is not looking forward to the Mogami as I hate high angle. The zao looks awesome. Worst part is sitting on 20,000 gold.... The temptation to jump to a TX is brutal.
Story of my fucking life.
Cruisers who shoot 7km torps at enemies 17k away.....
My new Mexico has been one of my best ships, but it's boring as hell. The fuso plays more exciting. It feels like a faster reload and turret traverse. With my Mex, I push and brawl. My fuso is great for pushing too, as once your within 14km, it's accuracy is outstanding. It's real hard to say what one I think is better. My fuso has my highest damage game, my Mex has a better win rate and more consistent damage . My fuso gets more kills and occasionally gets those one man army matches where it goes full kraken. I find the nagato boring as fuck.
Problem is this game is simply not hitting the player numbers it needs. If they combined the Eu and Na servers, you would have the numbers, but otherwise, not a chance.
secret santa payouts are extremely better than normal buying.
is there a place where this is listed?
Thanks
As someone who has played a decent amount of Mexico and fuso games, the warspite has always been an easy target. It lacks the forward firepower to front gun charge, and if it tries to use its rear guns, I always punish it with the Mexico or fuso. If used properly it can be a brawling beast, but more often than not, I put it down easily. I have only ever been killed by a warspite once, and it came in to deal a 7k deathblow to my nagato as I was fighting a tirpitz and being bombed. It's not a bad ship, and it looks great...but it's not better than other ships in its tier and I find the fuso and Mexico drastically outclass it.
Mex should be fine. I kept my Mexico and fuso for ranked. As well the Murmansk is great. Myoko and York, and my nuberg will get a few games in. After that, the wica(Polish dd) Kiev, nagato, and my new north Carolina. If the tirpitz comes out, I want to get it(not just for ranked, but higher tier credit generation). I'm hoping the wica and North Carolina will be enough to get me to rank1
Well said. I admit I didn't read it all, but when your high enough to fight a lex, you should know your not helping by chasing after a cv. All your doing is being a selfish dick chasing a kill. This is a class based team game. If you don't do your job, everyone on your team gets a loss, and at that tier, it's costing people credits. If you wanna be a tool and chase cvs, play coop or training room.
All the big banks. They are fucking everyone
As it was in life. It's like bring you pet to work day... Everyone else brings cats, dogs or turtles, and Japan brings GODZILLA!
French Richelieu with quad turrets
No, but it demonstrates the ability for giant fucking shells to change direction.
Thanks, with only around 2k games, I didn't know that. :)
You mean ignorant American girls. The rest of the world isn't as narrow minded as you think.
Impressively stupid comment sir. I'm curious how you have Internet, but no knowledge of soap. The rest of the world has known how to keep clean for over a thousand years without mutilating our dicks.
