I mean it's pretty self explanatory not to look at something like this, of course there's gonna be spoilers
He should've just keep melting down those swords. If he does it five more times he'd have had 64 Valyrian swords!
I'm just excited about the game. Rocksteady has done wonders for Batman games, and I hope someday it'll reflect on other superhero games.
My aunt drove a hummer. My aunt is also a cheating bitch. Coincidence? Probably. Related? Probably not. Shitty SUV? Yes. Shitty aunt? Yes.
For me personally my favorites are ES, Dishonored, Wolfenstein, then Fallout and Rage, Wet, and so forth. I dunno, they're super fun and great to play but I like my cities in tact, I like green of skyrim. Everything in Fallout is dreary, which I know is the point of the game of course but it gets kindve depressing
Bend my toes on my right foot. Got in an accident in middle school and lost most of the feeling in my toes
Obligatory edit: thanks for the gold kind gentlesir
Go to /r/books. Puts me right to sleep
Man of Steel. I remember losing my dad. Brings those memories up. I never ever cry, but [this scene is my exception](https://youtu.be/-j7lezDWh4M)
I got my first personal TV when I moved out for college, it had buttons on the top of the television and I mounted it on my wall. Never would've seen them. My family TV doesn't have any at all actually.
I really hope it holds me over until the next real elder scrolls. I love the Fallout games but my real love for Bethesda is in elder scrolls and Rage. And wet. And Dishonored.
Or theyre a right twat, makes everyone hate them, and then we sit and wait for them to let their guard down. Just waiting for Ramsay's day...
Movies? This is just what he does. Sometimes we get it on camera and that is mission impossible
Colin Farell and Vince Vaughn? They're far from crap in their fields of acting, this is a little bit out of both of their elements but I think they can pull it off. 10 years ago everyone thought Matthew M. was just pretty boy but he did some amazing acting in season 1
The first one was until the last line. I binged the rest of the season twice now because of Matt's last line.
It's my high school diploma. Has my name, grad year, high school on it.
Oh no my nerdism is an open book. From the Game of Thrones poster to my San Andreas map
The 99% do their job, go home to their families, live a normal life as good police officers. The 1% are the ones who cause an uproar in the US, as it should be. The unfortunate circumstance is that because of the 1% the entire police force gets blamed, and people like thw chief of police in this circumstance, who is doing the right thing by firing the officer in question, will still be considered a terrible person for being a police officer. It's a thankless job, and that's unfortunate.
Actually, if Damon's character was not around to fuck Scotty's girlfriend, Scotty might never have gone to Europe, and might've stayed in the US with his girlfriend. I would say the plot revolved around Damon
Shit yeah.
Some people are adrenaline junkies. The boost of energy one gets from robbing a bank could be that same rush someone gets from jumping out of an airplane or jumping a skateboard over the great wall of china
No matter what happens, don't let this one sway your choice of getting the next one that comes out or a previous installment. They are all amazing games, but ESO is nothing like the main series. It's basically an MMO that looks like Skyrim
Mandatory 2 ply toilet paper or more law
The Myxozoa. If they all grew to bear size they would flood the earth in their bodies. We would all suffocate.
1995 - either The Usual Suspects or Casino
For me it's Scarface. My first rated R movie. Not my favorite movie, but it was a notable experience to say the least
Knowing which guy has the biggest stick
I'm a phone salesperson at Best Buy and I was distracted half the movie about how there was all that Samsung advertisement, but every character had a white Galaxy S4. You would think Samsung would have hit them up with the S6 Edge like they did for Marvel
Nope, broken phone was actually a Galaxy S4 Blue, a Best Buy exclusive. Source: I sit in a chair 40 hours a week making crap pay selling those things.
For me it's the comidian Jake Johnson. Extremely funny guy, not in much. Seeing him in Jurassic World gives me hope that he'll be in more
I mean Chris Pratt is currently the most famous dinosaur trainer around as of today, but I wish Omar Sy would get a little love too
There's actually none in my area. Nearest one is 40 miles away. Sprint and ATT are near and that's it. I will never work for ATT because they're a terrible company, and as a sprint customer, i don't think you could pay me enough to hear about how bad their service is all day.
Now imagine this mod on a motorcycle, just flying through every car like it was nothing.
It could be a case of nurture over nature. He grew up around his father (against his father's wishes of course), he had to take some of his personality with that. I'm exactly like my step dad when it comes to everything but looks and height, but we aren't related at all
Got drunk, woke up with two girls. Both 6s, which means I had sex with a 12
The shit monster in Conker's Bad Fur Day
Cards against humanity is a good ice breaker
Who cares? I don't get why religion, race, or gender even matters when choosing a leader, just whoever is best suited for the job should get it.
Really just depends on the cat more than the owner. My cat is terrified of the outdoors, but my best friends cat has a little doggy door installed and the cat is inside only to eat
I'd build a kickass gaming computer, then build a mansion around it, then hopefully the rest might possibly cover my student loans.
The Departed, Pulp Fiction, Four Brothers.
Work at Best Buy. I get people (middle eastern mostly) who come in. One of my least favorite things they say: "What kind of deal can I get for this?" "None sir. It's Best Buy, not a fucking pawn shop."
Sprints. I get smooth jazz every. Single. Time.
Fucking Witcher. I'm great at similar games. But i can't play that game for shit.
Taking a shit in every state. 21 so far!
A bunch of subs got deleted, and nobody knows why their first amendment rights don't apply to private corporations
I politely explain it every time but every time it's the same 10 people. Last time i told one of them their price will be the sticker price every time, and to stop asking me to always cut him a deal
When kids started getting participation awards. It's bull shit
Girlfriend was pregnant in high school with a buddies kid. It was a rollercoaster to say the least.
fatpeoplehate," "hamplanethatred," "transfags," "neofag" and "shitniggerssay."
I just wouldn't hang out with them outside the workplace
Clowns.
Probably $300 in t-shirts, albums, and concert tickets went to Blink182 back in high school
Lil Sebastian is back baby
I hope you don't twitch with that mouth
He should've been falcon. I like the guy who plays falcon but still... It would've been awesome
When games in a series has different components to it in each game. Like Assassins Creed used to be in the Ezio era. More current examples are like GTA or Witcher
I love some of the ignorance in this thread. Did the police that got shot at do anything wrong? Most likely not. It's the 0.1% of police that are corrupt and criminal that make it to the front page. I never see videos of the hundreds of thousands of police doing their job right and just, because scandal is more news worthy
I really want to enjoy the game. It's everything I wanted it to be. Big, beautiful, bold (i mean you follow a fetus around for a half hour, can't get much bolder than that). But... I almost feel overwhelmed by the game. Like there is just *too* much in it. Anybody else feeling the same way?
Which game is the girl holding the compound bow? I would normally assume Tomb Raider but it didn't look like Laura
It would be amazing to see Ford doing an Indiana Jones remake, but Burt Macklin, FBI in pursuit of him for stealing Indiana's name
You cant download your cake and eat it too
I don't see how they could've done anything better. Release date for Fallout, Doom footage and spring release, dishonored 2 and remaster. Only thing that could've POSSIBLY made it better would be an Elder Scrolls 6 teaser.
Would you have rather them just not mention it?
NEW DARK SOULS GAME!
Ashen looks pretty dark, I like it
Cant wait for Cuphead
All I saw was Elite Dangerous than buffering, WHAT ARE THE OTHER GAMES
Lets take it slow and steady, stay with me *Proceeds to climb the mountain at fucking 100 mph*
Is that... Is that the narrator for The Stanley Parable?
Fable Legends is going to be dope
"Lets assume I'll live" she's dying by the end of the game.
Gears 4? Missed an opportunity for Gears of 4
Nobody has said Superbad yet, that's a great one
Cannot wait to get my hands on this. My only worry is casual players will have even more of a gap between them and more hardcore gamers, making multiplayer games like CoD, Battlefield, and Halo even more frustrating for those who hop on once a week or so
As much as I love Doom, I really, really want Krieger to win.
As long as the original Skate game comes back. I'm temped to take the $175 minimum for my 360 to get a second Xbox, this one for my brother who cant afford one and just let him borrow games im not playing, but I still play my 360 for Skate, Elder Scrolls, Fallout, and GTAIV
I heard he stole 20 bag lunches
Or any Skate
My guess on this is devs wont release games for backwards compatibility if they're already on the xbox one.
You try being a police officer in Detroit trying to solve a murder case. Most of the city is anti-cop, and pro "we'll handle our own business." $10 says a seemingly random guy is found with his throat slit in the next few weeks with the weapons used in the shooting under his bed, and nobody will do anything about it.
Strahovski is too bright and bubbly for me to take her seriously as the roll of death. I gotta agree with /u/WeaponX33 and say Jolie
Well he DID create the character. He also created Black Panther and (not) Blade and I'm sure he wouldn't want them white
Whoops! Thats fair enough but my point still stands for Black Panther
Not really when Redbox keeps records of who rents the games
What happens when you're playing Halo with the kinnect on?? It's like one of ten words MC says
Not if I can be Adam fucking West Batman
Danny DeVito
Jesus he's so young, why not just hire the baby from American Sniper?
My best friend is a girl and she is freaky tall. She always wears flats and refuses heels. One day i asked her how tall she is and she answered 5"8. Bitch I'm 5"7 and I'm eye level with your tits dont give me that shit
Sort of, they said they have no plans for paid mods *right now*
I couldn't find a video, but Bo Burnham's mom is probably pretty pissed right now. I remember when my mother first described gay sex to me. I was eight years old. She sat me down at the dinner table and she was very mature about it. She sat right across from me and she said, ‘Do you know how your father and I love each other?’ And I said, 'Of course! You and Dad love each other more than any two people in the whole world.’ And she said, 'Well, when two men love each other like that, and they can, they can love each other in the exact same way that your father and I love each other. What they do is they take off all their clothes, the get in a bed, and they SHIT ON THE BIBLE.’ Bo Burnham
He wasn't dumb, he was ignorant. There's a big difference.
I say he is ignorant only because he doesn't *get* the game like Tywin or Littlefinger. Everyone plays a little differently. Littlefinger whispers in his allies ears until he is done with them. Tywin knows the secret to success is coin. Varys is just unexpected. Ned Stark was just thrown into this position. He wants to do what is right for the people, but that's just not how King's Landing works. He's ignorant to the fact that backstabbing, murder, partnerships with the right people, and coin are the only way to keep up. He had nothing to do with the first two, he picked the wrong partner (Littlefinger even told him he's not to be trusted). He was ignorant to the way the game is played and paid the ultimate price for it.
Lower-middle class American here. Why in the hell would we rise up against someone who has more than us. They earned their money, they worked hard for their money. Unless they directly wrong us, they're just earning their dollar, not doing anything morally wrong.
I'd invest it with a trustworthy stockbroker, and just sit on it. Let them do what they can and entice them to do well with hearty percentage of the profits.
Doing my taxes
I wanted it so bad but i knew there's no way my G4 would fit
They most likely started developing the pip boy before the S6 release on April 10th. That's a pretty good excuse in my book.
Bungie and Activision PR
