Tasmanian Devils go through a similar process, fighting (I think hundreds) of their siblings to attach to 8 nipples.
However that's an oppressed people reclaiming a word that oppressed them, such as "gay" with the non-straight community. Side note, it's "nigga." Example: if you call a nigga a "nigger" they will *cut* you (metaphorically, usually).
Interestingly enough we also see plenty of black people vote Republican because it's technically the party that freed their ancestors, if only in name. They don't think to actually look into what the party stands for (as plenty of white people do as well).
Can I upvote this some more?
I want to but I'm afraid I won't go back to sleep.
I plan to choose certain toys to fit the theme of each expansion as well as experiment with different toys to find out what each normal cat's top fav 3 toys are.
Guessing Socks is in the face?
Lexy's loaded, man.
Genocide mode (boot every cat as soon as it gets on a toy).
I wish I had the gold to give you for this.
You can kick her off.
Are you sure he goes on a goodie that provides loaf form?
Yup
Fake.
I'm very torn on him! I do like him in his rain, but I like seeing all his markings... (he comes to the rail because it's a rail, like the thing trains run on....)
Actually, you're using sex terms here. For gender you should use "man," "woman," and at least "other" (Even if you don't agree with the American trans community, other cultures have had other genders for centuries).
Correct, they're on their lonesome with the rail. I prefer getting solo pictures with the rares xD
Oh that makes more sense! I'd seen a lot of cats who had black tail tips have white under the kotatsu and was very confused.
I see what you did there.
That woman's poor vulva...
Actually if your toes are squished they're bad shoes.
Such as cutting the crust off your sandwiches.
That's why we use a harness! You still have the carry them, but a lot less thrashing.
I dated a Kenyan who was raised until 12 in Kenya, but his two siblings (both parents African) were raised in the US. Heritage-wise, they all were "African," but my ex was the only one who spoke an African language (Swahili) and culturally they were all pretty "white" (in their own terms). Their mother (South African, not white) would mock them sometimes by calling them, "Shaniquaesiasia," but that's about all the "hate" I saw. I think some Africans are put off by the Roots movement due to the way it kinda "bastardizes" their culture, but it's not Black folks fault they can't trace their heritages fully. I think it also can be explained by how whitewashed African culture is.
https://youtu.be/GKB8hXYod2w
ALL MY THIS
Aragorn broke his toe when he kicked the helmet in Twin Towers. He continued to act on it for about an hour. The cut you see in the movie is the one where he broke his toe. Viggo Mortensen is a badass. Bonus: he also broke his tooth at Helm's Deep and had them glue it back on on set so he could keep acting.
I passed by my sister's boyfriend's open door and got a glimpse of her on top of him, both naked. Her boyfriend would later abuse her, hold her against her will, brainwash her, starve her, and that sort of stuff. This was before the holding but well into the brainwash.
When I was 12 one of my friends deserted me because I wasn't popular enough (I was a weirdo). My mother called her dad about it without consulting me - really helped the bullying at school, let me tell you.&lt;/sarcasm&gt;
Actually, Ariel's Beginning was really good. It was a return to the music roots. The villain felt kinda unnecessary, though.
You don't get much more anti-Muslim than that.
What /u/Belicia said, as well as the fact that you're comparing everyone to her. You keeping looking for HER2.0 when really you need to look for a new woman all together. Think about what you liked in Her - now also think about what you didn't. Try to find these in someone new.
Adderall is a stimulant used to focus the minds of those with ADHD/ADD. Its street name is "speed," and in a non-ADHD person it makes them hyper-focused - almost manically - but they also become bored quickly.
Disagreeing on core values.
Knit, draw, read, clean
PREACH
Sleep sex - and it was amazing.
To this day he still thinks we're compatible.
It's called sexsomnia! I was dating a guy with it and I was half-awoken to him unconsciously fondling me. Because I was half-awake all I knew was it felt good and went along with it. Only sex I've had where I was completely in the moment and it was awesome.
Originally it was to stop masturbation (they also did it to vulvae and put acid on the clit :D), but obv that didn't work. Then it was, "I was, so he should be," and a host of excuses to make it so.
Sexual educator, can confirm.
I won't say which fruit - because a quick Google search will bring you straight to my town - but my town celebrates this NASTY fruit every year. We have a whole damn festival around it, of them pickled, fried, baked, sautéed... But most people recognize they taste like shit except for a lot of the locals.
TBH I think it started with Caitlyn's transition. Don't get me wrong, she's a horrid representation of the trans community, but the way she publicized it is what brought it to media attention, I think.
In a non-condescending way, what culture would you have "reign supreme"?
Most of our face comes from our bone structure and underlying fat, not the skin itself. This is why we can recreate faces from skulls.
Anime boobs
It's my face so if I lose my phone someone can return it to me easier. My background is my cat who is 15, senile, in kidney failure, and could drop dead at any moment.
There are heterosexual men who like butt stuff.
The prostate can be stimulated through the rectal wall and that's very arousing. The anus itself has a bunch of nerve endings. Edit: there's also fingers and plugs, not just penises. Additionally sexual orientation has to do with who you find hot, not who you have sex with. The difference is people can have sex with those they don't find hot and and people can find others hot but not have sex with them.
Vaginae are naturally closed, they only open when aroused (provided they're properly functioning). You can force something in, of course, but you can force something into a rectum as well. The first third of the vagina stays closed, and the back two thirds are loosely open. The vagina can be clenched using the pelvic floor muscles, which also can be used to stop urination mid-emission. If you were actually referring to the vulva (the outer flappy part with the two sets of lips and the clit), it naturally stays closed when the legs are together, and opens when the legs at spread (the degree varies by person). Both sets of labia can be vaguely flexed with practice, like wiggling one's ears, and the clitoral glans and shaft can be flexed just as the penis can (seeing as they're the same structure and all).
That's actually possible, particularly if the person's clitoral shaft is long.
Yes, it made me unconsciously think if I was in pain people would forgive me, so I started cutting or punishing myself in some way if I fucked up. I don't anymore but I feel the urge to.
I stabbed myself in a main vein when I was making art :D
I physically cringed.
I'm not really sure why you're trying to seduce children... :p
Google "cuckoldry".
Non-sexual boob-possessor, can confirm boobs other distract me.
I thought this was new! I've been using it on the iOS mobile app and am really loving it - I'm sure communities like /r/popping and /r/whatbugisthis will really appreciate it, since they're almost completely picture based.
Protip: close your legs before you sit down - everything SHOULD slide to the front, avoiding all of your weight.
Not praise children for their shitty art &lt;- reasons I won't be teaching children.
Honestly? Language learning apps.
Dude asked for my panties from a car. I was 14. He was fondling himself through a rag while he did this.
Slept with a sexsomniac - was great, 10/10 would do again.
Knew a prison guard who said they had break outs every week, and the only reason they got to the news is the person was out longer than the prison could pay off the media.
I have really vivid dreams, but this one from when I was 6~7 sticks with me (probably because I had it again. TL;DR: I went from 90's kid Weeaboo to moon Soldier Father to myself in 3rd person in about a minute. I was Ash Ketchum (1st person PoV), standing on this quilted expanse with Brock, Misty, and Tuxedo Mask. Tuxedo Mask said, "The shipment of Squirtles and Wartortles will be in tomorrow." "But I want to wait for them!" I protested. "Then you much chose a guardian." As Tuxedo Mask said this, the respective Pokémon floated up from the floor. Suddenly, the whole setting transforms into the moon, and a UFO flew by from my left while an astronaut walked by my right. TM announced them to be "Baby" and "Grandma" as they passed. I looked to my right to see TM standing by the engine of a bullet train, another to his right, both on regular train tracks which only go out behind them. He gestured, and I got in. As I looked around, I saw pictures of some white military dude (that I recognized to be myself) with a white boy (around 5) and a black version of Nurse Jenny. TM told me I have to shoot down his astronaut before it reaches the top. I looked out my windshield to see two astronauts scaling a waterfall of moondust and small moonrocks. Assuming my astronaut is on the right, I stay shooting at the one on the left using this thing like those water cannons at fairs. Only this one shoots laser darts like from Star Wars. I do this for about five seconds before the kid from the pictures suddenly comes in saying, "Daddy!" To which I reply, "Son!" And hug him as my wife (the black woman) comes in. Suddenly *I'm* shot and my vision tints red (like when you're about to die in a video game) as I fall backward, saying, "I'm a goner, I'm a goner." As I hit the floor the engine shoots backward on the track, and I say, "We're not going to make it, there's not enough fuel." My PoV floats through the back of the engine to see we are moving past a bright cliff face, with greenery at the top as well as another set of train tracks a train goes over. My PoV continues to go out, turning around to look at the back of the engine as my son leans out it. This reveals that we are over a large ocean, with long, wooden braces being the only thing holding the track up. Suddenly, I - my real self, not my dream self - swing out of the back door, lose my balance, and grab the kid, causing us both to start falling toward our deaths. Both times I've had this dream I wake up when this happens in a cold sweat. The shooter portion only happened the second time, but the rest was consistent. For time frame, I'm nearing 22.
For me they're physical - like a limb falling asleep, but with pressure. I can feel them coming on and try to put them off but I can't. They're promptly followed by nightmares.
It's usually I lose romantic feelings for them in a relationship - I can own up to my fuck-ups, but I hate that I can't control my affection. I know that's part of what makes it special, but still.
Yes, but the reverse is not true because racism is institutionalized. Racism is things like "Redlining," where when neighborhoods received "safety ratings," black neighborhoods automatically got lower scores. It's rich white people who are living off old money that was garnered by slaves. It's black people getting randomly stopped and frisked way more often than white.
I'm liberal, but I also can see how this is similar to aspects of the the Red Scare.
Raising your hand suddenly, palm back, fingers slightly spread and pointing a little higher than toward your face, and have an angry expression.
I believe it's all coincidence, but I've had a few premonitions. I also used to have day hallucinations (now they're only when waking or falling asleep) so I take it with a bag of salt.
Art
She was probably just cold, or some nipples never go flat (I mean, from the looks of hers....)
Or it hurt because of lack of lube.
Actually I know skinny people with a thing for it.
I WANT THE MOUSE ONE ;___;
Wat
My mother expressed a similar sentiment.
Relay race
There's also little ear scoops!
Like photoshopped or just them pleading? Could have to do with the whole "submissive Asian woman" stereotype coming in to play - you're obviously not aware of it, though.
Seconded
Having my hair played with.
Shoulda clarified the first time ;)
This *would* work if it weren't for lackies. Because the bully is getting attention from *someone* for bullying, they will keep doing. It would take many times being ignored by *everyone* for a bully to stop.
I'm always panicking when I realize I'm stuck in a FA loop, but I try to check a detail to see if I'm really awake, and if it's wrong I try to wake up again. The next time the detail is fixed, so I have to check another. Haven't had the brains to check my phone in a loop yet (again, always panicking), but when I got stuck in one while sleeping over with a friend *it actually put me in bed with my friend and made a predictable event happen*.
Can I borrow him? ;_; My brother has his dog for it.
You have hallucinations when entering or leaving sleep - hypnagogic and hypnopompic, respectively.
I HAVE THESE LOOPS ALL THE TIME AND IT'S HORRIBLE ;_____; But it's good to know I'm not the only one who does.
I used to work in the produce department and a lot of our food had nail marks in them...
Definitely.
Interesting! I'll try if I remember to. How strange - and you don't regret the tattoo?
That makes sense.
The pins&amp;needles, pressure, and ringing? I'll let you know what I find out, I'm getting a sleep study soon and going to my consult today. EDIT: The sleep specialist is pretty sure I narcolepsy, but I cannot afford the sleep study to confirm at this time.
For me it's at night, I rarely nap because I'm afraid I won't be able to sleep in the evening and have things to do.
My issues is I didn't know to only use my bed for sleep, sex, and illness recovery.
A hopeful story of girls overcoming thought lines forced on them?
My fellatio, cunnilingus, receiving-vulvar-manual and giving-penile-manual virginities: We don't talk a lot because he moved away, but we're alright. My penis-in-vagina virginity: He ended up being emotionally abusive, soooo... My giving-cunnilingus virginity: Still great friends, talk very often. My giving-anal (with a toy) virginity: Still friends but we have busy lives My giving-anal-manual virginity: Dating this love &lt;3
Ted Mosby?
Well that saves me money, thanks!
