Most evangelicals are similarly damaged so they identify. JESUS saves!
Rocky Horror ?
No it's more that he said back in January he gave a million, when in fact he hadn't and probably wouldn't have if not for the reporting. So he's a l i a r
There's no proof of anything he claims. Trump fools just belieive this bozo no matter what
Well that's obvious bullshit. You believe that?
Educate us
Trump was ridiculous today
And his base
Donald will probably ignore this
I guess you didn't notice Trump's a pussy and Bernie spooked him
A check is a check. I've held multimillion $ checks for crying out loud. There's no months and months. Even for a charity. it's not that hard. 21 century banking
Trump looked rattled actually
No he was truly pussylike. This is just some reporters got him calling people names. No man babies in the white house please
&gt;No real issues to attack trump on Funny
Are you sure?
Except that's not true
Losing to Hillary will damage Trump. Who's going to want a loser name on their building? Ivanka says "gee thanks dad for fucking up the brand"
So these revelations _will_ hurt him?
Fairly sure the oppo research has been prepared and just waiting for Bernie to say buhbye
Wow did you interview _everyone_ at that free seminar you went to?
&gt;Most legal experts on TV You do research like trump does research
Ron Paul!!?
Man baby tantrum
Won't happen
Gee I wonder why
And then you get your facts straight
Maybe home depot needs to be taken to court?
This would be congress's doing
Delusional
Real evil eh
Yeah debates don't work like trump rallys
Values like: increased use of torture? Banning Muslims? Nuclear weapons for everybody?
To late. He's fully on record endorsing trump. Unless he deletes the tweet
Stern never said crazy dumb sounding shit like trump has
Yeah in all of that, you didn't actually produce any evidence her server was successfully hacked. Your "true belief" doesn't count
Except he's still respected and sought after
He's sure said a lot of things that have people convinced he got on Clintons server
Nothing there will put her in jail
"I love the poorly educated"
Last time a presidential candidate called for opponent to be jailed? Anyone?
i'm gonna call bullshit and ask you to produce proof of this fact
There's no implication. He's come right out and said that
Stop reading here
He upped his game: he's calling her Lyin' Crooked Hillary now.
You have no idea if what you said is true or not
But but everyone here tells me her guilt is obvious!?
Sorry, This isn't how the legal system works
Handsome man baby
"Torture works. Believe me folks torture works"
To bad you're not constantly around to tell everyone what Trump actually means when he says stupid shit
Every single down ticket Republican will need to answer for the shit trump says
Sounds like an Iraq war vote .. "what else can I Do?". Trump's post mortem will be an embarrassment hard to live down by the GOP
Sounds hyperbolic
Trump will be despised like Romney a year from now
This is _not_ an analogy.
descent?
Very hard to not post a low effort response to this one
I keep reading about Bernie supporters vowing to vote trump
"Donald, you're going to say whatever dumb shit comes into your head anyway, so why should I bother writing this speech?"
The FLOTUS doesn't perform services?
This assumes trump doesn't do something completely stupid, which seems more and more likely
&gt; Admit his mistake Yeah no not gonna happen
It's called "get real"
The swift boating has begun
Do you work everywhere?
What are you quoting there?
You honestly think you can accuse a senator of crimes for their voting record?
Read some history
In his dreams
No he didn't say awful. He said "ugly". Does he talk about men this way?
Likely ?
Wrecked was the word
I'd leave the P for pedo off that list
No idea what this means
Guns are hugely more lethal
Why isnt he using your words?
Incorrect
No
Not that brutal
That's all it was
But he can't win an election
Sorry that makes no sense
Proof?
If you're a young clueless redditor maybe not
This massive risk thing you're on is really laughable
Nobody heavily criticized that speech except poor Donald
The most thought out plan he has is what he's going to watch on TV tonight
Lol good one
Lol right
Amazingly she probably can
Trump only mentioned the judge being Mexican as a reason why he couldn't be fair.
I am going to go ahead and underestimate him. I am nearly certain he's going to self implode in the next 3 months. The primary was easy peasy because he always had a fresh dumb target. He's making up targets now because he needs to rail, and ultimately has no idea how to compete against a smarter woman. Trump brand will be garbage next year.
His supporters who do that are the poorly educated ones he loves so much
OK if they aren't yet classified?
Except that he's now _proved_ himself a racist. It's undeniable. which is going to be a big GOP problem
What "thinly veiled racism" are you referring to? You mean the overt racism?
Get your facts straight
Agreed. It's not crazy if you think like a racist
Your analogy isn't analogous
Many humans hate trump. Therefore literally any judge would be biased?
