Their actions show a disregard for human lives, and are entirely self-interested, it's pretty psychopathic.
Well, I think it depends on how much technology is going to change the face of society, and what happens until then. But honestly, print as we know it now is probably going to be a largely vanished medium.
Looks like Chris Evans and Donald Glover.
When you buy debt you don't have any control over that country, you're basically making an investment for yourself. Buying debt is an investment, it basically says, "This country has a good economy and I know they will pay me back". It's when no one wants to invest in your debt that you know things are bad. So people that freak out about China owning US debt don't understand why China is buying. China isn't buying US debt to hurt us, if the US economy tanked China would lose a lot of money and it would be bad for China. Countries owning one another's debt means there is some incentive there for them to make sure both parties are healthy economically so the country who got the loan can pay it back. Also, you can't really just get out of an economic catastrophe by printing more money, i'm kind of being simple with the explanation, but the more money I print the less each dollar is worth, so if I printed 10 billion dollars to fix some debt budget hole, the dollars would be worth less and not be able to fill the hole, so I would be caught in a loop of printing more and more money and being unable to pay everything off.
Usually it is just internal guidelines, and how it makes you feel while watching it. Certain kind of shots are just jarring or make people feel uncomfortable, kind of like why jump-cuts aren't popular, and sometimes it is also just stuff that doesn't make the actor look that flattering. Usually things that are jarring are only done to make a point because they are usually very memorable.
Movies =/= Network television. Also, i'm not saying these suggestions and style guidelines are never broken, just that for most subjects they are inappropriate and avoided for their jarring qualities.
Well most human beings value human lives, but the question is how effective is our aid REALLY? It's not that we shouldn't give aid, it's that a lot of western aid destroys local businesses and makes the economy worse in the country we're dumping our unwanted corn feed and 2nd hand clothing on, all while hurting farmers and the clothing industries in those countries, and doing NOTHING to fix the root causes. We love temporary band-aids that make us feel like heroes. The better things we can do are international debt forgiveness, micro-loans and grants to people building businesses and infrastructure in those countries.
Right I agree, throwing money and supplies that aren't needed at problems don't help people.
The Cloning facilities were disabled during the Clone Wars, by the time of the OT the Empire had started conscripting people and opened academies, the Clone Troopers were almost all gone by then. By this time of the First Order, they has lost most of the Imperial academies, and have taken to pirate raids where they kidnap and brainwash children to fill out their ranks.
Do you just think every writer is identical? Do you think everyone writes identical to 2005 George Lucas? Larry Kasdan has a certain kind of cadance to his writing, read the script to ESB, read the leaked script for TFA. This sounds like no example of his writing that has ever existed. Also at least GL's scripta looked and felt like scripts regardless of the wooden dialogue. It isn't just that the dialogue is weak, it's that this reads like no Star Wars script ever made, and specifically that it sounds like a first semester filmmaking student and not like someone who has been writing screenplays for the last 40 years.
It is not standard for the screenwriter to get 50% of the gross profits in any universe. Even in the 1 in a million case where the suit isn't filed by a crazy person all they get is a small sum and credit, e.g. just like Harlan Ellisom and Terminator, he didn't end up making 50% of the fucking profits, he got a settlement and credit.
Because that is a pulled pork melt not a grilled cheese.
Where do you live where people harass you?
Satan was an angel. Reminds me of the story of Satan offering Christ dominion over the world.
Complete just a page a day and that is roughly three features a year, give or take a few weeks for brainstorming/outlining.
I have heard from a few people who have worked as crew on the show that she is... rough to work with. Like, "Don't look me in the eye or you're fired", kind of rough. She is apparently a beast on set and there have been a lot of really bad stories passed around about her.
I think that is a big part of it, a "don't stare at me, do your fucking job and stop acting like it's a big deal being here", is pretty common in the industry, if you get ga-ga over celebrities or anything it's the wrong place for you to be, so it can be seen as disrespectful and unprofessional if you're gawking at people.
Actually they explain this in the Wachowski approved canon MMO, you find documents during a mission that show that Anderson was an experimental unite that had wireless hook-ups in his physical body, the machines were testing Matrix WiFi to potentially make humans who could be shut down and re-Matrixed wirelessly, thus making future Zion invasions easier/cleaner/less-costly. The Oracle knew about the program, and positioned it so Anderson would be "The One", knowing that his wireless hook-ups could be harnessed to allow him to effect machines outside of the Matrix and thus break the cycle of Zion being destroyed over and over.
He actually had special hook-ups, it's the reason the Oracle chose him because she knew he would be able to use the hardware to stop the machines IRL, they explain it in the MMO which was canon approved by the Wachowskis.
Vincent looks in the case, the entire point of contention between him and Jules and what they spend most of the film discussing is Vincent's skepticism vs. Jules spiritual awakening; why would he flat out reject the concept of God, miracles, and the supernatural after having personally witnessed a soul?
That the briefcase in Pulp Fiction contains Marsellus Wallace's soul. The entire point of the briefcase storyline is that Jules is going to escape the cycle of violence that eventually destroys all criminals because of his spiritual awakening, Vincent refuses to acknowledge the miracle and continues down the path of evil. If Vincent personally witnessed a soul contained in a briefcase, why in the hell would he spend the rest of the film arguing with Jules about miracles and god?
I HIGHLY recommend the film "Funny Bones" if you like him, he is BRILLIANT in it, and it's another great-late role for Jerry Lewis. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EE1wCo3N6As
Well I don't know if it's "religious", but it's right in the dialogue, Jules argues that Vincent needs to recognize a miracle happened and Vincent refuses claiming that life is just coincidences. Not to mention their entire discussion at the end, Jules wants to travel the earth seeking spiritual purity, and Vincent says that he is just going to be a worthless bum. I think you can't analyze the case storyline without dealing with the fact that it has a spiritual aspect to it.
If you ever find yourself in Tennessee dinner is on me!
I never said that the film was CHRISTIAN, I merely said that SPIRITUALITY and recognizing miracles is a central theme of the Jules/Vincent storyline, all religious themes does not mean a "Christian"-theme. Jules recognizes that there is more to life than the violence he exists in and leaves it. Vincent refuses to recognize that and is destroyed by it.
Why do you have little faith in John Goodman?
I am seeing a lot of parallels to the comic "Irredeemable", which would probably also be impossible to get made conventionally.
The good thing about that money is that the government makes new money in tax revenue every year to do new stuff with.
China is the minority of debt holders, and holding our debt does not hurt us, it's an investment in us because we pay back our debts. That isn't the issue.
The government provides services, we pay a membership fee for the services they provide, they pull in new revenue every year from those membership fees.
That isn't a bad thing though, we're paying off the debt, we don't default on it, our securities are good, it's why people invest in us. And we do have money, we sell securities for money we'll pay off for money we can flip around and invest now. It's one of the ways we keep the economy growing as fast as it does.
Fingers and toes crossed.
We pay off the securities as they mature, while getting more credit for new programs which we then turn around and pay off when they mature.
They are 1500 light years away, if it is aliens and they are just now building a sphere, that means that probably stopped using tradition radio decades or centuries ago.
Yea. Contact Amazon and tell them you accidentally got the wrong book.
Tell them "I bought this here a few weeks ago as a present for my Cousins birthday, but after the party I realized it was the wrong set, but I had already tossed the receipt, here is the card I bought it with." They won't be able to find it on the card if they even ask, and will ask if a gift card to Walmart is fine.
Buy a shirt, tell them you're going to look at one last thing before you leave, get something more expensive, pop off the security stuff and take it to the front, on the way to the front toss it in your bag. You just go ahead and toss it in the bag if there is no one back in the section you're looking at.
Because they didn't want it rotting on the surface of the ground with flies and coyotes snooping around to feast on a rotting corpse which makes everything smell like death?
But offering the card adds that little extra plausibility even if they don't run it. If they do run it just act confused if it doesn't show up and they always give a gift card.
With Ebooks, not if you do it within 15 minutes.
That's what the bag is for.
This is a thread about how to do illegal and unethical things. No of course don't take advantage of people and lie and abuse customer service people.
Oh man! The castle the kid buys in "Blank Check" is in Texas. It's like destiny.
What would be the motivation for the future Omni Bank that controls all wealth to punish an external economy that can offer it no more wealth?
If 10 people own all of the wealth, then they've won, they have all of the money. What would they have to gain from attacking a parallel economy that can't offer them anything?
Right, in the scenario they've already won, what do they have to gain from attacking a parallel economy with nothing to offer them?
I think there is a big difference between being a stupid kid and using a few drugs and being a destroyed person.
Right but once again, in this future scenario they have already won, they have all of the money, why try to attack an external economy that can offer nothing to them and never threaten them.
You would if the Ants created an entomologist.
He said they look like Batman, either he means they look like Batman out of the costume, or he's referencing the fact that they are wearing martial arts armor?
Maybe he just really wants to be ready for Suicide Squad.. it's hawt today.
Glad you're doing better!
The cops would have been there within the first minute of the video and he would have been on the ground drowning in his own blood.
Well not grow in the same way. How it's been happening is that manufacturing jobs come in, and it allows people to move out of a rural existence and move up, they can invest in their child's education using their blue-collar job, start owning things, and their child can have a white-collar job. All economies transition, and things come in and out of them that offer profit. Once we have mass-automation, the last few countries which haven't had a chance to see a mass of manufacturing jobs come there will be able to switch over to machines. The question is how do we transition from humans having those jobs to robots, how quickly is it going to happen? Will there been any developing economies actually left by the time we get there? Will the economics of scale factor in and it still be cheaper for a lot of those jobs to remain with humans if there are other infrastructure issues? Will we be able to transition globally into some variation of the basic income system if there aren't any jobs for people to do? Will new jobs emerge which we can't imagine now?
Your clothes can smell because you were around people smoking or smoking previously, but you weren't currently high. Maybe he gave a lift to some people who were themselves either smoking recently, or around people that were smoking? So you can't even be certain that the people that left the scent in the car were high much less that the driver was at all responsible.
And the only forces that can in any way compare to the Federation in size and power are the Dominion and the Borg, both are over a thousand years old or more by the time that the Federation meets them, and even though the Federation faces horrible initial battles, they quickly rebuild and adapt. The Federation is able to rebuild the fleet after the Battle of Wolf 359 within a year, the Federation was able to spring back almost instantly from the initial failures in the Dominion War. So the two wars with superior-teched organizations of equal or greater size ended in Federation victories. A single star-ship was able to spread a technological virus to the Borg and destroyed their Transwarp hub killing billions of Borg, and leading to a civil war where reawakened Borg split away and fought against the Collective. The Dominion War ended with a peace treaty. There are many forces in the Galaxy more powerful than the Federation, but there are few that can adapt as quickly, once the Federation is faced with a problem, it gets solved quickly.
Zionism was founded by athiest socialists in the 1800's to escape the rabid anti-Semitism of Europe. Religious Zionism is a movement of it's own. Zionism is merely the belief in a Jewish state in the name of political self-determination, anything else you believe is extra.
An attack on Zionism as a concept is an attack on Jews having political self-determination. You can attack the opinions of a wrong feminist without attacking the concept of feminism. Feminism is just the idea that women deserve equal rights to men, if someone who is a radicalist pulls that into a wrong and hateful direction it doesn't undermine feminism as a concept just that person. Just like the existence of evil or radical zionists shouldn't undermine the Jewish people's right to control their own destiny.
Except there are dozens of sub categories of Zionism.
Depends on your definition of "not rare". Statistically thet happen max a few hundred times a year, most gun crime is gang related not previously uncriminal people getting into arguments.
Conceal-carry has doubled in the last 20 years, the percentage pf women owning guns has doubled, gun-sales have skyrocketed, and other polls have suppprt contrary evidence that gun ownership rates are stable or rising.
And now it's not illegal and crime is still going down.
More like, for years people warned against it because gun crime would go up and it didn't. I am not saying they are connected, I am saying that they increased and what was claimed would happen didn't.
Except I never said that. I said that critics said more CC would lead to an epidemic of public shootings, it didn't, they have gone down.
Mass shootings are so small on the first place that even a handful of extra shootings can double them. Mass shootings are a minority of gun crimes, and the increase in them happened long after the liberalization of CC. I didn't put an argument forward, I merely stated that critics of gun rights said it would lead to an epidemic of gun violence and overall it has done the opposite of what they said it would.
Israel never actually utilized the AK in any significant numbers and definitely never picked it over the AR. Their primary weapons were Enfield's, Stens, Thompsons, and Czech bolt action rifles, until the 50's when they switched over to the Uzi and the FN FAL. The tested the AK but were never able to get a lot of them, so they dropped the idea of utilizing it and developed the Galil which had sought to balance the hardiness of the AK with the accuracy of the FAL/AR platforms. They used that until they switched over the the M-16 and M4 in the late-90's/early 2000's, since the platform has gotten far more reliable for desert usage. They are now phasing out the M-16 for the Tavor by 2018.
"Oh what a lovely teaparty!"
Do you have anything to prove that? Because the word of god is that Neo had special wireless equipment.
There was something special about him, he had experimental plug hardware that had Wireless hardware built into it, which is why he had powers outside of the Matrix.
There are ways to see what devices iPod's are associated with, you could potentially get an iTunes account name from it.
There are a lot of people to support other than Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, there is Bernie Sanders, who could still deny her enough votes to lead to a contested convention, there is a third party like Jill Stein at the Greens, or Gary Johnson who just clinched the Libertarian nomination. There are a lot of viable options other than Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, and being against Hillary Clinton does not mean being FOR Trump.
I don't want a choice between a criminal and a blow-hard. I'll vote third party, and if the wrong person gets voted in, it won't be my responsibility that everyone else also didn't vote their conscience and got with their gut instead of taking a bit out of a shit sandwich like everyone else. I refuse, if everyone else simply did the same there would be no, "lesser of two evil" choice. It's on everyone else to simply choose not to as well.
No it won't, because it is a collective responsibility for everyone to choose the best candidate. If they choose the least worst of two candidates when there are dozens available, that is on them, and has absolutely nothing to do with me. I have no responsibility to be a accessory of a two-party system which regularly fails the American people. Ignorance of the amazing variety of alternative choices, and third parties who are closer ideologically to what I and other voters want is no excuse. If someone wants to be ignorant of alternative choices, and buy into the failing two-party system, sure, do it. I won't.
We've spent the primaries figuring out who REPUBLICANS AND DEMOCRATS want, which together demographically represent less than 25% of the total US population, and Americans who support the parties regularly express disappointment that the party does not 100% represent them. The idea that the Republicans and Democrats alone represent what Americans want is totally unfounded in reality, and the fact that they both replaced other parties and came from periods of time with more than two major parties. I am only responsible for voting who I believe is the best person, not the lesser worse candidate of a false two choice system which I have absolutely no obligation to be a part of. The COLLECTIVE has a responsibility to vote for the best candidate, if they chose the lesser of two bad candidates instead of the superior third party candidates, then it is a collective failure, and has absolutely nothing to do with me. I will be voting against my self interest with EITHER a Clinton or Trump presidency, I have no obligation to make the false choice of harming my self interest in barely different ways, why would I want to fuck myself over by voting for either of those monsters, instead of voting for a third party candidate who isn't a sociopath?
Except once again, they don't have a obligation to choose between the two party system, no one HAS to make that choice. They only "have" to make that choice because everyone else feels like they "have" to make that choice, and they simply do not. Over half of the country approves of neither candidate, if those people simply follow their displeasure and vote for a third party candidate, that person would win in a landslide. There is absolutely no reason for anyone to feel like they have to choose a member of the republicans or democrats at all. They won't have an easy chance to win if everyone who disapproves of them simply votes third party.
Except all of the candidates have a possibility of winning if people simply stopped operating within the false premise of "one or the other". It's a total illusion, we have a democracy, and at least a half dozen different candidates that will be on all 50 state ballots. It is simply a failure of people to be informed about all of their choices if they refuse to make a choice outside of the two-party system.
It is a false premise, nothing is stopping you from choosing a superior third party. All everyone simply has to do is NOT vote for the two awful choices we are left with. They are not the only candidates in the race.
He has a ship that effectively makes him one of the most technologically advanced people on earth rivaling Tony Stark. Not to mention there are a lot of people who would want to talk to him about stuff going on in the universe which he has a direct knowledge of.
Most species that have existed don't exist anymore, if we killed off half of the species on the planet right now, in a few million years things that look remarkably like those species that were wiped out would have filled the niches left. Life fills niches, that is all it does, pick any random species, and there was another version of it in it's niche before the previous creature got knocked out for a million different reasons. Individual species aren't important on geological scales, only on human scales. We don't want to wipe out species because it can upset the ecosystem and make things harder for human beings if we wipe out too many. Not wiping out a species only matters on human scale, we shouldn't do it for us and us alone.
Because he is still a human being first and foremost.
Except it's not, you're reading it wrong. We shouldn't kill off as many species as we want because it would upset the balance and hurt US, it would hurt PEOPLE. The push to stop species from being wiped out has NOTHING to do with "saving the planet", and everything to do with SAVING US. The planet will be fine, there is absolutely nothing that humanity can do to harm life on this rock on geological scales, no virus we could engineer, no nuclear disaster we could execute, no war we could wage, nothing that could permanently destroy life on this planet. The harm that we do only harms us, protecting the environment has absolutely nothing to do with selflessness and everything to do with selfishness. Those species don't matter, something would kill them, us killing creatures and killing species doesn't really matter, once again, on geological scales, most species get wiped out, the ecosystem can handle that. But you need to understand what I am saying. We shouldn't protect the planet because of some long-term damage we are doing to the planet, or that life is somehow going to be disrupted over the 100,000 to 10,000,000 year scale, it isn't, we are a blip on the radar. Everything we do, we are, and should realize, we do for ourselves to keep humanity from being only a blip on the radar.
He can't stop referencing it, Earth seems to be pretty important to him still.
Why is he wearing that Hausu T-shirt...? https://s3.amazonaws.com/criterion-production/shop_product_images/679-39fa5fe49c1e816075b5e2a918325d39/mens_house_shirt_900_brighter_original.png It's so weird...
Correct, the Brain Bugs are psychic, and the bugs are known to take human prisoners and keep them alive. So I imagine that if a Brain Bug wanted to interrogate a human they would do it psychically instead of absorbing the brain itself.
I feel like Justin Timberlake and Miley Cyrus and Lady Gaga have all gone through significant transformations. Justin Timberlake's output has consistently been above-average and gotten better, and he has always had some more experimental edges to some of his more recent stuff. Miley Cyrus is now going off the rails and doing experimental collabs with The Flaming Lips, and I feel like she's being truer to herself than she was in her earlier career. And Lady Gaga went from a very straightforward singer-songwriter-pianist, to this bizarre pop figure. I feel like we still have a lot of pop musicians that have gone through radical transformations.
On a website that used to have some of Jelani's poetry and raps on it, he had one called "Waiting", here is a quote from it, "Well again I write to you with thoughts of loneliness. Bored out of my mind and the only thing I really want to do it pop a few pills and go to bed. For real, but on the side note I just finished watching the matrix movie." Not saying that it proves anything, and the character you take on in a song doesn't necessarily reflect who you are, but are we certain he didn't do drugs, if we take his verse at face value? They say the tox screening was clear, but you have to test for specific things, and what if he took a pill thinking it was something else and it killed him or he overdosed in some way that wasn't easily testable in a tox screening? No robbery happened, his new shoes and hat were left alone, his wallet still had everything in it, no one had a beef with him as far as anyone can figure... So doesn't an accidental ingestion or overdose of something and his friends panicking make sense? Especially if it was a drug that they didn't think to check for in the tox screening, or a drug that simply metabolizes quickly and maybe was not super visible in the screening?
We were, but Reed Richards fixed it so we aren't aware it happened.
Unnamed sources straight up say that. No official statement has been made other, "Calm down guys, reshoots were planned at the beginning of the project, and are totally normal."
Except we haven't. The ozone is and has repaired itself over time, we have done absolutely no irreversible harm to our oceans, if we disappeared tomorrow there would be almost no evidence of technological civilization in 100,000 years other than a few long-lived radioactive compounds (which do not exist in concentrations high enough throughout the entire biosphere to destroy it, merely to be detectable). There is absolutely nothing we have done to the planet that is going to still be causing damage in 100,000 years. Even if we engaged in a nuclear war, fired off every bio and chemical weapon, and dumped every dangerous thing we could find directly into the ocean, almost none of that ecological damage would still be recognizable in 100,000 years much less in a few million. If an asteroid that hit us so hard that it altered the tilt of the planet, several super volcanoes, and thousands of years of acid rain so acidic that it was the equivalent of vinegar pouring out of the sky... couldn't stop life on earth, then what chance do we to alter it. The oceans have been reduced to lemon juice before, the atmosphere has been torn apart, the planet Earth and our ancestors faced countless disasters, but over geological scales of hundreds of thousands and millions of years, life has ALWAYS bounced back. Humanity at this stage in it's progress simply lacks the ability to permanently destroy life on Earth. Everything we do in protecting the environment has absolutely nothing to do with protecting the future of life on Earth, and everything to do with protecting us. As far as your anti-natalism, that's your business, if you believe in species level suicide, so be it, but I think that an unobserved universe isn't not only worthless, but astoundingly boring, and we have an obligation as the smartest thing on the planet to keep ourselves alive. Parasites are a negative because parasites add nothing, human beings add quite a bit with our intelligence and observations, intelligent life is the rarest and most important thing we know of in the universe, without it it is simply meaninglessness. Only intelligent life brings meaning to the universe, only intelligent life can bring species back to life (instead of just allowing a species to evolve into a vacated niche). Technically all life is just as much a parasite as us, all life generates pollution, for example there was nothing to break down cellulose during the Carnoniferous period for millions of years, so fallen trees literally choked the surface of the planet and caused widespread ecological disruption. On geological scales there is no such thing as true "pollution", simply new elements which the ecosystem adapts to and resources that have yet to be exploited. Pollution only matters on human lifescales, because natural evolution simple doesn't work that fast as far as we know. So if you are angry that humans cause environmental destruction, none of it is permanent, and everything causes environmental disruption. It's our responsibility as the smartest species to be good shepherds and protect things because it makes things better for us in the short term. If you want humanity wiped out, then you need to support MORE pollution and more ecological disruption, because it will hurt humanity, there is a chance it could even make us extinct, but for the planet and the ecosystem thousands of years down the line? It won't even be affected.
He focuses almost entirely on high-level organized crime, Batman spends almost none of his time focusing on petty criminals or "poor people". Or did you miss the part where the criminals in "Dark Knight" literally had a small mountain of money.
The covers were almost never accurate, they were almost always a silly over the top situation that never turned out to be how it actually was in the book just to attract readers. Regardless of variations in how the character has been written, and an occasional Elseworlds story, there is always a singular core that has persisted that makes the character recognizable as the character, there is always a continuity of the character.
He was carried and put there after overdosing was my suggestion.
My Mom used to do the same kind of stuff, I always wanted her to see me as an adult, but I was always just her baby. Now that she's gone, I wish I had someone who would buy me a goofy TMNT cake, or a birthday card with a dinosaur on it. I wish I had that "annoyance". Give your Mom a hug buddy, she loves you.
Pretentious simply means, a work of art claims that it has stuff going on, but is actually empty. It's something that claims or presents itself as having meaning or something to say, but actually does not. It's not about style, or tone, or differences in how information is presented, it is merely if it actually has meaning or not. If it is devoid of true meaning at it's core, it's pretentious. If it has meaning at it's core, it isn't, even if it's a stupid meaning, or an overly complex meaning.
I can't find any information other than anecdotes of the film being successful because of drugged out teenagers. Films were broken up in release, it doing a roadshow style format was totally normal, and before the 1980's, it was pretty standard for films to stay in first run theaters and move around the country for 6 months or longer. 2001 was in no way abnormal with it's release schedule, and was the top grossing film of the year. In regards to critical division, there were a handful of famous critics who expressed some divisive opinions on it, but the overall critical consensus was very positive. The idea that critics were cleanly divided down the middle is just as unsubstantiated as drugged out hippy freaks being the primary audience that drove demand for it.
Why would anyone waste money on shutting up people on Twitter who can just be ignored? The production of a TV series can run into the millions of dollars, depending on how many episodes are ordered. A company will only spend money if they think something can make money, not just to shut up fans.
A speech isn't the same as a press conference, a press conference is when a candidate actually answers questions.
Israel faced all of their major wars without United States support. Israel did not begin getting any significant aid from the United States until the mid-60's, long after the Independence war in '48. Israel cooperated with Britain and France and got military aid and equipment from them solely for almost 20 years before the United States began offering aid in an effort to sway them away from the Soviet Union and to assist them against states that got Soviet support as part of a larger Cold War strategy. No war Israel has been involved in in the Post-US support era was definitively an existential threat, the closest was perhaps the Yom Kippur war, but Israel had already turned the war around and pushed deep into Egyptian territory before the first American support arrived in October. By the time any American aid even arrived the war was effectively already won. Regular support and cooperation did not occur until 1985, by which time Israel had taken a definitive lead militarily against the surrounding nations, and no longer faces a real threat of invasion by it's neighbors, even if the rhetoric is there. The surrounding nations have simply lost the will to continue attempting to destroy Israel militarily, it is simply too risky. Israel does not need continued US support, and is not in a particularly dire situation if it were to disappear. No one short of Jordan or Turkey currently pose any real military threat to them, and they are both US allies and have nothing to gain from an attack against a country which likewise poses no direct threat to them.
Yea, the aid is almost entirely military, we give them a check, and they promise to use the money to buy gear from us. So it's just a way to shovel off gear to them at little cost to them, and we end up getting the majority of the money back.
To be fair he wasn't in his drive-way when it happened; that'd be Medgar Evers.
