Damn their continuity
Well then watch Bento. Its about the great quest for Bento and kicking the shit out of other people to get it. Good animation too.
I couldnt watch strike witches for this same reason.
Lets bring up an anime that isnt perverted and still has a badass tank. Valkyria Chronicles.
The Fifth Element.
I always kept some old laser tanks and a few hover tanks in the store rooms just in case that main squad is out scenario ever happened.
Fuck that, once they started to hit the waiting lines... game over.
The nighttime one should drop off a downvote before receiving upvote
How could you miss that amazing instagram plug? &gt;Thanks! Everyone has enjoyed it &amp; expressed support. Check out my hairdresser's instagram: instagram.com/kenziethehappyfairy/
Duck had priorities.
Hi Everybody!
How else are we to introduce a prehistoric pathogen into the population?
All you need it 1 map with well placed starting positions and bam, FFA is a thing. And you dont balance those modes. They are fun, thats it.
I do. Need Italian Amedeo Guillet commander.
Then the way he walked off immediately
He's got to be my favorite. Shows what an Italian was capable of even if they got rekt in the overall war. Its hard to find good information of any forces not German, US, Brit, or Russian (western campaign). I love finding out about the other players. The eastern Manchurian campaign for Russia is also really interesting to look into.
USF - rifle focus with medium armor play Werhmacht - flexible army around rifles or support weapons with medium and heavy armor options Soviet - flexible army with cheaper rifles and support weapons. Can do a medium armor focus or heavy armor call ins. OKW - support army with front line base options, quirky vehicles, heaviest armor in the game and assault engineers. Odd assortment of light to heavy options available
Something something plans are useless but planning is invaluable - Patton
Since that was how the first AC started I never played any of them. I really wish the animus was never a thing.
The m16 is the same price as the m60 which is ridiculous. An AK is only about 25 cents a shot. An m60 should be around $1 a bullet. M16 should be ~~15 to 20 cents.~~ 30-35 cents
Fun part is you can change the average parts up. Now brace yourself as an attractive woman on the internet. This thread invites ruin!
Dude i feel you. We're so middle road its ridiculous. Its like pic a side features, ugly or good looking. Not ugly enough to shun, not good looking enough to pursue.
Thats what I get for being old these days. Couldn't find it for less than about 30 cents a shot. Ammo has been in a shortage for what seems like forever now.
Give a GR 2 ancestor rings and throw high crit knives all day. My GR is basically my stress control because she crits so often.
Bring a PD to a cannon fight. Throw the crackle bomb to stun the rifleman and cannon match lighter and you only have to deal with 1 blademan while you focus down the cannon. Plague doctor is amazing. It can stun 2 targets in a fight.
They desert and a dungeon later in a random room you should have to fight them.
Blur did my favorite trailer of all time with Rise of Legends.
I started a SoK grind in the earliest part of the dungeon you could. Found the sword and continued with the game. By the time I got out of there I had 4 swords.
Same here. Mr. Wilson you were a G with your last call for ice cream.
Americans shot prisoners of war and raped german civilians but that was missing from the first CoH. That happened. I have a feeling someone would just downvote and keep their double standard but that fucking happened.
And we can recognize that every single nation committed rape, looting, and even murder during ww2. Its a war. That being said the game is called Company of Heroes not Company of War Crimes.
Oh the murder of all those partisans just didn't happen in your campaign I guess. Or murdering all of your own people inside their homes with fire. You must of played a different game.
It wasn't intentional. But I like to imagine it was and that was some Gundam Wing level piloting.
All infantry models have 80 hp.
That happens when someone invades your country and deems you subhuman. 9 million lives sacrificed for an ungrateful world. And yet you miss the point completely. Its company of heroes buddy. Not company of criminals.
Mail order that bride. From what i hear you got about an 80% chance of those working.
Yet if they weren't there and didn't throw those soldiers into the fray you'd either be speaking German or Europe would just be Britain and Germany. But thank you for proving the point of this conversation. The west doesn't give a shit about Russia and never has despite relying on them to do 80% of the heavy lifting.
And with all these mechanisms in play it was a handful of top governing officials making these decisions but it served to demonize several tens of millions of people who actually did the dirty business of winning World War 2.
Gen 10s are fools who failed to see the superiority of the watermelon tag. Gen 9 for life bitches.
I'm more for understanding the parties involved and giving credit where credit is due rather. In respects to depicting a side in a game using the term heroes loosely they didn't do a very good job.
I think it was a sarcastic crass remark parroting the one made in that top comment summarizing silvermans work and efforts while being denied funding.
Yeah, for being as intent as you are at being correct, you can see what he said right there. And he didn't say what you said he did.
Unless you wrecked somewhere below Chile and hit that one band of water that goes all the way around the globe.
I dunno I saw The Cure once and now I don't have cancer. I may not have had cancer before.
Poo should be surrounded by his fangirls.
Thank you. That allowed me to find the specific video. You were right! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=07S6rFgOSdg&amp;noredirect=1
Tight community? Half of us here are old players who quit and continue to watch the plane crash and burn. The other half is mixed between people willing to defend the games mistakes and those that point out the mistakes in an ill fated attempt to make the game better. In the end, none of these people agree on anything.
Yeah, you never snapped their neck. This actually happens all the time. Between grunts and specters. And if you shoot one before it kills the other they thank you. On the flip side, if their team killed you before you snapped their neck they would still be alive.
I have a feeling there won't be a single prominent Bothan featured in that movie if they even have Bothans depicted at all. And I will be *pissed*. Bothan Commandos were legit. -edit: Apparently that was DS2 instead of the first but Bothans still need to make a film appearance.
Or could be on PC which allows for actual good recordings.
Normal paratroopers would just have to go to base to buy bazookas. And they actually arn't that bad at all. Especially with a soviet ally who has mark target. And they are an option for AT, not your only answer. To supplement jacksons you choose them or 57mm. If you invested into a flak HT or a scott, it could be what you need.
Or murdering the Kastark boy with a chain when he escaped. Which led to the Karstarks murdering 2 lannister boys. Which caused Rob to kill the head of the Karstarks. Which led to them taking the majority of Robs outnumbered army home. Which makes him try to ally again with the Freys. Which didnt work out at all. Rob was actually pretty damn retarded looking back.
GRRM: Bring me the girl and the wookie. Huahuahuah.
That was the shows reasoning just so you know. The book was the cousin. Show was the Karstark boy, which inadvertently leads to the red wedding in the show.
Right now golem cores don't really have anything that differentiates them. The stats used right now are too small. This might change in the future. That being said the easiest way to get cores is to just grow a ton of wheat, or mine out a bunch of dirt and just let it sit around. You could have a fenced in farm that only has 1 exit/entrance to spawn golems in. Straw golems are so weak theres almost no threat to even an untrained farmer gnome. If RoboBob ever changes so that there is a benefit you would just want to collect whatever resource your trying to get a core from and stockpile it and undesignate the stockpile, and just wait. But there's just no reason to do that right now.
Straw :p
Really the biggest difference is consistency. Coh2 has random number generator mechanics. Shots can miss or bounce. Coh1 is much more consistent in damage. Take from that what you will.
He really should go to inXile
When you take your first shot and find out your scope is messed up, generally you can see in what direction it went off target. Then, if you're actually a good shot, you adjust and actually land the second shot right where you want it.
Which is perfectly fine. Do you consider yourself a marksmen of any sort?
I liked him in guardians of the galaxy. I like jurassic park. But im not sold on this "im the alpha, raptors are my bitch" character.
Now do the math taking that money from the super bowl stunt and do something with Fifa that had 3 billion viewers. Become the official manufacturer and sponsor of vevuvelas.
Ive had that epiphany a few times in life. Its the same ones all vegans and vegetarians have. I've just consigned myself to never hang out with a cow. Cognitive dissonance. Animals are much smarter than given credit for, but remain delicious.
I only ever bought Halos for the split screen coop. But times change. Most of my friends dont live anywhere near me. As long as coop remains in some form, thats all that matters. Ill take an epic experience over local split screen.
Why are they getting out of the trench? Fucking dog company man.
"There's some kids starving in Africa!" Oh yeah so let me be a gluttonous fat ass and eat more than I need.
They should also get an accuracy bump to at least be on par with conscripts. They have atrocious accuracy values.
A speeding ticket really can destroy lives taking a few hundred away from people who don't have much.
All I want is a very simple combo system. The sword and gunplay was pretty sweet, but the sword play was missing just a little bit of magic to tie it all together. Like instead of just slash slash slash being your option, they should tie in some animations for slash slash blow the shit out of them with your magic.
While I really want to agree, as I remember that boss fight in the lava pit I had to restart like 30 times, but it felt so so good beating that shit. Brought back memories of how gaming used to be in terms of having a level that was just difficult as shit.
I remember there was some stuff in line with single abilities, but there was no way to cleanly chain 2 different abilities. You want to wave attack? Thats all your gonna do. It's been awhile for me too so it's hard to articulate but it seemed locked into one moveset. Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed the shit out of Shadow Warrior.
He said "Take Care". Thats 2 words! This discrepancy on reddit must be corrected!
Reminded me of the picture on reddit yesterday. I couldn't find the imgur one with everybody, but here's the slide that's relevant. http://oddstuffmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/athletebodies02.jpg "Bodybuilders" vs "weightlifters"
If they did a week of having the physics back to where you could ride vehicles I would be back so fast. I get it, 9 MAXs on a scythe is stupid. But your playerbase would explode. Plus the trailer of hopping on air vehicles would be possible rather than impossible as it is now. I always hated that trailer.
Can you describe what makes the mod fun or good?
Should have this dogs face superimposed over the dr who tunnel with the 1963 theme playing.
One reason would be a lot of people never gave it a chance. A second reason was it was limited to Origin for PC. Not being on Steam is pretty much a death sentence for a game, with a few exceptions. Third, that map pack split really did ding the player base. Releasing maps for free later helped, but it was kinda too little too late. And really, the smart pistol drama didn't help the game sell. I and many others had/have no problem with it, but it does limit your appeal to those who find such weapons distasteful.
Ive never heard of this subreddit till this recent drama. Now i see fat hate everywhere. Before: no exposure. Now: full, unwanted, hard to remove exposure. Good job mods.
It used to be. Under the former owners.
Roose Bolton.
One way would to designate or vote for a leader. OWS went on for far too long with people saying "oh we dont have a leader!". And that's why you accomplished jack shit.
Dlc or microtransactions are only refunded for valve titles. Suck it up.
Microtransactions or dlc refunds are only available for valve titles.
So elegant to fill rubber skins with a finite limited resource to kill whales. So elegant.
If being rich and enjoying the spotlight is ruling people have done it longer than her. Comparing a figurehead to an actual ruler is a bit disingenuous.
You.... You do know when the first one came out dont you? Does your computer run at least windows 3.1 or windows 95? You're good.
As the sword is sorta what the game is all about you may wish to just stick to serious sam or doom. As i didnt have any issues with the game, but i used the sword.
Doom Guy, Serious Sam, Wang, and Duke. What a team.
You didn't read the article. There was 1 hot air balloon. The rest were helium balloons.
Read the fucking article
Build one on top :P
Did this happen recently? As its an old school bug but it happens really infrequently.
Wouldnt mind a grunt with a jetpack or something. Just not full on AI pilots.
The dragon in the books didn't give a shit about Dany, only cares about the blood and carnage, and Dany used a fucking whip to beat him into submission before he burned her alive. Book Dany is best Dany. Not this meek little doll who hesitantly climbs her little child when its being actively attacked by thrown spears. Get a fucking move on girl so we can see a poorly CGI'd flight scene.
Its no different from the camp followers of ancient times. When you marched with 10 or 20 thousand soldiers you also had their families, supply trainers, brothels, gambling halls, and all sorts following the soldiers around.
Its not impossible. OP didnt read his own link. Sometimes the lake is gone entirely. You do not need to measure its depth as you can just wait till its empty. That, and when its full of water the depth changes. Its a stupid scenario to even be deconstructing. This TIL is dumb.
Drug problem? Eh. No biggie. But the rumor I heard was shes got warts.
If by deficient you mean retarded, which we all know you do, you can't change that. But you can change the asshole. You seem to have worded that that the oblivious guy can be changed while the asshole makes his choice. We saw Kelso grow up. And he was still retarded. Hyde meanwhile turned into a pretty decent guy.
Hyde and Foreman were best friends. Kelso was a funny idiot and Fez was a hanger on. It's amazing to me how many people never had a friend like Hyde.
Welcome to hel-... I mean reddit.
