that might apply to smaller servers, however big servers like balmung and gilgamesh will still have the problem of hunts being killed by 30 people rather than 8
I obliviate myself from time to time just to get that feeling again.
If there was a way to send it over the internet, I would.
I actually liked the healing LB of BRD, I saved a lot of parties with that when I used to main BRD
Except Fat Cat would eat all the food laid out.
3 hours for dungeon drops? Thats a cute estimate. 1.5million Gil is also over the top, though I guess that depends on your server but on Balmung you get everything for around 300k last I checked.
It will be quickern I agree but three hours is really a bit generous, it all relies on RNGesus. And ouch really?
Really? They nerfed that? Damn.
Well to be fair when I did it, I had the time because of a lasting injury. All in all I did it in a month, mostly stuck on Alexandrite. Hows the drop rate on that now?
A lot of massacres are announced ahead of time, but most of the time they aren't taken seriously. There are a few Youtube channels of now dead shooters where they announced what they were gonna do.
Looking at statistics, the NFL has less concussions than college and high school leagues. I'm thinking its because youth players take more risk and don't think about the consequences.
Use the other debuff thingy-majick the dark purple one. Name eludes me atm. I use that and Foresight for the first heavenly heel and easily survive with 6-10k hp depending on whether or not rng allows me to parry. I use all slaying on my DRK and have about ~17k health with party and food buff. I got a whole rotation for the fight which keeps me alive pretty good. If you want to know it, I'll type it out.
Thordan is a good PLD fight, it's OP in there. Doesn't need to use their "Oh shit" button at all and the DPS isn't bad on PLDs, obviously not as good as DRK or WAR, but still enough to push a bit when needed. What really got to me was that Royal Authority isn't comboed with Riot Blade(iirc, i'm bad with remembering Skill names, the mp givy back one). It has a higher potency than what it is currently comboed with, making the DPS combo of PLD suboptimal.
Why would it kill that for you? I hope I need to do AS4 for it. i want to earn it and not getting it thrown at my face without effort.
I'd say DRG is easy to learn, but hard to master. The rotation is pretty straight forward, but knowing when to Geirskogul and when to not is the biggest issue I had while learning the new 60 rotation. It's satisfying to get off Wheeling Thrust/Fangs and Claws at 1s left.
He is talking cinematic though. Lore-wise a DRK without restraint and who has given in to the dark side would win.
Mentor system? I heard of the training hall system but I didnt hear of this. Mind explaining it to me?
Fun fact: if you put your fc logo on it, it's on it's right butt cheek.
That makes me sad. I had a DRG in Void Ark who literally was just standing on the flank, not moving at all apart from skill animations. I die a little inside everytime I see that, having mained DRG in ARR
Well the thing is, a WAR giving in to his Inner Beast is just a wild beast, while a DRK may not have the prowess, he can still think and is highly intelligent whem he gives into the Dark side. There is another comment chain in here where it's explained better than i can.
I'm not a native english speaker but I thought "dude" could refer to both men and women alike. Just like a mixed group of women and men can be called "guys".
Oh I'm not talking about new players(they are quite tame, with some bad sheep here and there). I'm talking about people who are alt leveling. Had one guy who told me my opinion doesn't matter because he has more 60s than me.
You don't need any cooldowns until Heavenly Heel. And yeah Shadow Wall and Foresight is the only thing I pop for that. Next CD on Bladedances. I usually LD and Concalescence the sword one and use whatever cooldowns are left for the shield one, with good DPS yand good RNG the WAR will have his one downed and it will be a soft Bladedance. Again no CD until next HH. Second one is a baby one since theres nocleave after, Foresight and Shadowskin. Next Heel, big damage Shadow Skin and Shadow Wall. For fourth one LD should be back up, I pop that and them the fight is nearly over, except you enrage but he just spams Ancient Quaga then and it's just a DPS check from there. Hope it helped. Feel free to ask me anything that is unclear. Also there should be no third Bladedance, you won't meet the DPS check if you get it. Thordan should be around 71-69% at HH. If you get him to 69, he will skip the cleave after HH.
Are you running Thordan with your static? Or are you pugging it? If you are pugging it, I'd recommend setting the ilvl up to 200, while ilvl isnt everything, it does balance out some aspects of people with bad rotations.
Ah I heard about Goblin from someone in my static, he transferred over to Balmung because there was nothing going on on Goblin. Hope you get your clear soon.
No problem. If you need any other tips at all, concerning anything at all, I'll be happy to help.
Was hälst du von Ausdrücken wie "Deutsch-Türke"? Ich perslnlich finde das es nicht zur Integration beiträgt, sondern eher bestimmte Personengruppen abspaltet vom "typisch deutschen". Meiner Meinung nach ist man das was auf dem Pass steht, hat man einen deutschen Pass, ist man Deutscher. Hat man einen türkischen pass, ist man Rürke. Würde mich brennend interessieren wie du das siehst.
Uh you can change that in the settings y'know? Controllers usually have legacy settings, allowing for freer movement.
I really want to help new people, but what I've encountered is simply people who don't care or don't listen. I try to explain stuff and get called an elitist asshole and tryhard, getting answers like "oh this is just a level xx dungeon, who cares". Other times I simply get ignored, I had a WAR in Haukke Manor who didn't use Tomahawk or Overpower and kept losing aggro, I explained multiple times how both work in his favor, I got completely ignored. I get maybe 1 in 30 players that actually say "hey cool thanks" when I point out their mistakes, I really can't be bothered anymore with the apathy and hostility i receive for wanting to help. It's good that you had so much positive things happening when you helped out, but I can't share the sentiment. I understand your point, but thinking back how I got better, I made an effort and researched my class to death. I'm still always researching, since I simply know I can still do better. I am not the best player out there, not by far, but I make an effort, which I see a lot of new players lacking.
Thanks for this, now to trick myself into replacing all my DRK icons with the DRG ones and see me play DRG on DRK
"fairy new here" i see what you did there, even if it was by accident
Well he literally can't get into thw game if he is still in as3. Otherwise it'd show him as offline or in a part of the world.
I used to think there were different kinds of fc types and that the tag was the name and the name the type.
The only thing lacking in PLD aggro is the snap aggro. Compared to Tomahawk or Unleash/Unmend(can never remember which is which), Shield Lob just doesn't cut it.
To be fair, JKR did say that she was a bit naive about the whole thing and thinking back she'd put Harry and Hermione together.
Geez calm down. Why the swearing? I read it differently alright? My source may have put it into false proportions, no need to get rude like this.
What always turned me off by the statement in the movies of "You have your mothers eyes", was the fact that both actors that played Harrys parents had blue eyes. Could never take it as seriously. Great edit though. Mr. Rickman saved the disaster somewhat.
Let's all put our money together and buy it. I got ten bucks in my pocket.
Because Christians and Jews don't see themselves that way right? Also &gt; Men are seen as superior to women That's just blatantly false. While it is true that it is that way in many modern Muslim relationships, it is not part of the religion. The Quran never says aanything like that
Probably because Dan, despite having quite a few subs, is still a very niche type of youtuber. Most people that know of him, are people who like him.
Awesome art, would love to comission something with you :D
South Park predicted it!
I was kinda disturbed by 'a great kid' coming after those sentences.
how casual do you have to be if you only get 500 esos per day?
Having sex isn't a choice to get pregnant. But nice b8 m8.
Fuck her that slideshow was great.
i think you need to look again xD "i've cream"
And then watch them look for the non-existent scratch.
How are those two comparable? BC can fail, a woman shouldn't have to 'live with the consequence' of something she had no control over, especially if she went to all lenghts with both condom and her own BC.
So if you ride a bike and fall down and break your arm in a way that makes it heal crookedly if it doesn't get put back in a normal position, you should just accept it and not let it get fixed correctly, because it was your choice to ride a bike.
Yeah but even if she claims to be his girlfriend, legally she has no standing point. If she had been married to him that would have been a different case, but as far as I know 'girlfriends' will only get something if its stated in a will or blood related family is kind enough to give her some.
So can chubby/fat people do MMA at all or should there be a basic fitness? I'm curious about MMA but I am quite fat.
No, you don't understand. Autocorrect struck again for you.
Fair enough. Though I do think it also depends on the judge.
MFW I realize I've been watching too much SJW crap for fun and I read sysscum instead ofsysadmin.
TRIGGERED
*bent
TRIGGERED HOW DARE YOU ILL LET YOU KNOW BRATLEIGH ONLY GETS BARBIE WRAPPER TO SHOW THE SUPERIORITY OF WOMEN.
Yes, but is he erratic? I must have overread that.
Thanks for the answer! And yeah I wasn't trying to disregard his attitude, but I don't know anyone who does MMA and I saw my chance.
GDI the feels.
Is the news that he 'protrcts' his tweets now? What a tool.
Eurofag here, can confirm we are stupid.
Especially considering they probably haven't analyzed the study. like for example:how many people were psrt of it, what were the test conditions etc etc. That is the problem with these SJWs they see a headline andare immediately dazzled into ignoring everything else. Another good example of a bullshit study is the one about vaccines causing autism.
The same way Christians justified their killings over the many years where we didn't have secular states: Heathens bring abput Gods wrath, therefore they must die.
Hey some creationists are asking for video proof for evolution from millioms of years ago. The lenghts conspiracy theorists go to just to feel justified.
Both sides have their jerks. I'd like to quote Bojack Horseman on this: 'Most people are already jerks and it's not like giving a jerk a gun(or in this case ideology) is going to make them not jerks.'
I think you're confusing immigrants with refugees, it's a common mistake a lot of germans make(including the press) If you want to improve senior citiziens life, make lots of children. The Generationenvertrag is at fault if there is poverty among senior citiziens(which I really haven't found to be the case anywhere I've lived yet). Retirement money was raised recently as well, so I don't know what you are basing this on. Citation needed.
I think you misunderstood what he said. (while I agree with you, that wasn't his point imo). Lets play out a scenario. We take someone who is already anti-gays. He isn't afraid of violence. Now that person sees someone in power pass legislations that restrict the rights of the people he hates. He gets a bigotry-boner. He sees more and more stuff like that passed and keeps seeing more gays pop up around him. He thinks to himself: the people in power hate gays and so does the extremist group I am sympathizing with. They won't punish me even if I go to court and even if I get the death penalty, my god will welcome me with open arms. Then he goes and shoos up a gay nightclub. There is always more than one reason why someone does something. I am not defending him, nor do I blame bigoted bills for his actions, but I think thats what the commentor wanted to convey.
Fat person here, no not at all. I am aware I am fat and thus dont wear anything thatd make me or other cringe.
Lmao, that genuinely made me burst out laughing in public. Made my day, hope you have a good one.
I agree that economic migrants are basically cancer. However I still need a citation for senior citizien poverty. In the future it will become a problem solely because of the lack of children. Currently however there is plenty of funds for the current retirees. I'd also like a citation where it shows that villages and towns are struggling. (Please no article from Bild though)
I'll give you the Kreuzberg one. Bremen article didn't mention anything about refugees, though I might have missed that. The Spiegel article shows some pretty interesting data. Namely most of the people getting low retirement money are women from West Germany. That has a historic background. Women in West Germany oftentimes became SAHMs(which while being accounted for doesn't give as much as actual work time payments), while East Germany women were working most of the time even with kids. It also factors in that again like I said the Generationenvertrag is fucking us over because there are more and more senior citiziens and not enough children,plus senior citiziens were once expected to be in retirement for 10-15 years before dying and making room for new senior citiziens. It's sad, but refugees aren't a factor in this. I completely understand your frustration about this, however we need retirment reform and not refugee hate to change this.
He should join the army then and be asked to be shipped to syria.
Heh, patriotism=being called a nazi here.
They don't. But as far as I know they have the right to see your ticket. What the guy filming doesn't get is that he entered a contract by purchasing the ticket.
Have you seen the tags he used? He literally used things like 'OrlandoShooting' and 'OrlandoGayClub' as tags.
It's not grasping at straws if he literally said he did it for ISIS and his faith.
well, if you want to get rid of someone just call him antisemite, youll never see them again
What a silly question, there is always someone higher. It's an endless circlejerk.
Buzzfeed stole it earlier from 9gag/reddit. It was a joke until Buzzfeed made it something it wasn't supposed to be.
Makes me think quantum physics isn't that hard to learn.
That's really silly. My best friend still talks to me when he has gf, even when they bitch. Bros before hoes.
Amanda Steinberg sounds like a lovely lady if she informs these misguided souls to this extent.
This is without a doubt one of the stupidest articles I have ever read. While I am no fan of the Zelda series, it has its receipe that works and looks good. We all saw how well remaking something with an all-female cast worked for Ghostbuster.
And here I thought I was the only lazy mofo who did this.
Kinda sounds like the start of a Liam Neeson movie.
Can someone explain what I just read?
He has no friends because he uses fucking emojiis.
Yeah people will still call you a rapist, because there is no way someone ever made up rape stories.
I think I read somewhere that thats what some people consider "cool" on their cars.
Yeah because we should defintely regress back into medieval ages.
Not even for 1billion dollars, maybe 2billion bit certainly not 1 billion.
What do they have against imgur?
Crusades, witch trials, extermination of pagans, take your pick.
Are you really asking that? They look like cancer. People use them inappropiately and pretty much creep everyone with a brain out.
Emojii user detected
Not gonna bite.
Obviously in this instance OPs emojiis are ironic amd yes I am genuinely creeped out by them. Idk why. Whatever happened to good ol' 'xD' instead.
Have you heard of ifunny? It will alleviate your moos in seconds.
