Noooooo that's crazy.
Stephanie Powers FTW.
Is it that good? Might snag it on VoD tonight.
Knew what that was before I clicked it. My jaw dropped when I saw the replay.
Scumbag Steve-ette is kinda cute.
*TWO* disk drives? What sorcery is this!?
Internet fist bump!
Damn that's pretty cool. I wonder if there's a map anywhere that shows what would happen to The Netherlands though if the water levels start rising.
And it was EVERYWHERE. You know what? Fuck Clearchannel and all those companies. I live in NYC, and I can hear the same song playing at the same time on 4 different stations, with about 10 total songs in a rotation that has 30 mins of commercials per hour. And they wonder why no one's buying music. The radio sucks.
I reckon philosophy was just picking up around the same time. Each culture was separated, but still had a large population whch enabled thinkers to emerge.
I'm amazed ships that big can make it that far up the river.
"There's a special place in hell for people who waste good scotch." Damn skippy, Mike.
FWIW, the Apollo 13 example is a whole huge bit of "things broke". And they had to miraculously engineer the bits to keep them alive. So I forgive that trope, given it's real-life inspiration.
The trailer spoiled everything. Both ships blowing up and crashing, when the premise is "one ship exploring" sort of gives up the ghost. Fury Road's trailer didn't show anything past the first half hour. Far better for maintaining some opaqueness.
Texas &gt; Michigan. I'm done with those guys. Can't wait for the Austin trip next year.
We're one of three teams to NEVER have scheduled an FCS team. UMass was a gift to a head coach, and we also have a huge problem scheduling P5 games in November (no one wants to play OOC at that point), which is why we ended up in your league (sort of).
Apparently fact = downvotes or something.
Isn't that why they have malpractice insurance? Obviously the doctor wasn't trying to hurt his father, but you'd think that a mistake like that would warrant a free fix for the patient and no fees charged on top.
Jonah Hill. I just can't.
It's really, really good. Give it a few episodes to take off, but it's worth it.
God that show is hilarious. "You...you said it? You said 'bitch'?"
I was like " yup, that is exactly what you should do right now.."
Easy there Colin Powell.
Can't hate on that user name.
So is she like the CEO of Reddit or something?
Write the formula for permutations and combinations on the inside of your wrist with a pencil. I've been told that helps...
Ooof, Congo. What a phenomenal book that got insanely cocked up in the translation. Laura Linney with a laser rifle though... But yeah, read the book, it's extremely interesting, and goes into way more depth. You'll hate the switch-ups they did for the movie after reading it.
Dat flair, tho. Pouring one out for the brothers left behind?
Fuck Ellaria so hard. God that was awful. Beautifully executed Chekov's gun, though. Slowclap.jpg for that one.
Uh, Myrcella?
You got a whole lot tonight.
What am I looking at here? Is that thing sitting on a jack on that tiny little bracket?
Aren't you guys eventually hooking up the two lines through downtown?
I too would love to find out where to apply. Is DART hiring at the moment? I'd love to work on the D2 project.
In the original Final Fantasy, that one spot on the Southeastern continent where the monsters form the NE continent show up. It's like 4 squares total (1 square = one move of the character width). You could level up like whoa and bang out almost all of the southern side with ease.
Are you sure? I thought it was a WWII episode, the one with the kids with the gas mask, where Jack saves the bomb from going off right as it drops, then Nine and Rose pick him up in space. Was that not the one?
Break the deal, spin the wheel.
My first day in Oz, a japanese guy in his underwear almost drowned me at Bondi, when we were only on the sandbar. Had to shake him off me, then drag him into the beach. Probably should've just put my hand up and let the SLC guys grab him.
If Pitt's football team is suddenly disbanded, then yes.
You could tell Paxton loved every second of that role. Probably because he didn't get killed by an alien life form this time. But he's trying to keep from having a shit eating grin the whole time he's on camera.
Thanks. The hiking does look pretty inviting. I am a huge nerd, so I'll probably check out some BSG filming sites, as well. Should be interesting.
Timing is everything.
Oh god, that Orange bowl booing was epic. I saw it live, only thing I remember about that game. I think Southern Cal stomped OKlahoma, so everyone turned it off pretty quick.
The question I've never seen answered, was it straight or gay porn?
Christopher McDonald, SLC Punk.
Unless it's the Thresher. That's basically my worst nightmare.
In fairness, the walkability situation in Orlando is beyond dreadful. Autopian nightmare.
Fuck that. Merrit/WCP &gt; 91 &gt; Charter Oak Bridge &gt; 84 &gt; 90. 3 hrs Boston to NYC if you do it right. I-95 in Eastern CT is awful.
Does Girard ave run through the former Northern Liberties? Seems like that's close enough in, but just outside Billy Penn's map.
Oh man I remember that game, y'all biffed hard.
Greetings form the other side of the state. MY boss who lives in CT mentioned HSBC was selling all their branches, so I moved to schwab, but they didn't close any of the Manhattan branches that I can tell. Seems to be a suburbs only move. FWIW, I've been to buffalo. As proof, Duff's &gt; Anchor Bar.
As someone born in Macon who's spent the last decade+ in NYC, I will happily sign on to that union.
Man, I'm a hairy fucking white dude, would love to trade for almost no facial hair.
I worry if he's rubbing sticks together...
Well, Jotunheim is up the top re altitude, which negates the warming effects of being on the water like in Lofoten.
The ones I've seen in the store list only around 3grams of sugars. Is that not accurate?
So where'd they drop that new opera house?
I'm pretty much 100% cognizant of this fact and is the one single reason I could stomach voting for Hilary.
Also the dude who played Jenna Fischer's first BF in the Office, as well as one Randall "Pink" Floyd.
Soldier was awesome.
Well, it did, it's just that it sank in a really shallow bit.
Chicago Museum of Science and Industry. They have a full U boat on display to go through.
Cool, thanks.
Yeah, that was a helluva wake up.
Don't see Red Dog.
Yeah. Great movie, I need to see it again.
Am I doing something wrong? What mode is this where you can play against ground troops as a TIE Pilot?
It's only wrong when it's being done TO you.
Ah sounds right then.
Man, I needed this, thanks.
Dat user name...
This. Craftsan tools are solid, you can get yourself kitted out real nice on the cheap at yard sales. Also, things like power tools will be bargains.
Since neither of those exist, I'm pretty sure my point stands.
Where in Rio is this taking place? I visited Ipanema and Copa and some of the side stuff and didn't run into trouble. Wasn't going to go to the Olympics, anyways, though.
One of the greatest sights I've ever seen was the "no selfie sticks!" guy at the Louvre. Some asshole Japanese tourist kept trying to jam his selfie stick into the way, and had to be told repeatedly to stop. Security finally came and took him away. It was great.
Amen, totally worth the hungover drive and impromptu overnight stop in Lisdoonvarna.
It is pretty neat on the inside, especially seeing some of the famous portraits.
New Orleans?
Don't sell Cutco Knives, kids.
Life. Work hard and get ahead, they said. Follow your dreams and live a fulfilling life, they said.
So when will the other shoe drop (Sumlin)
Yeah we learned that shit way bac when. Icarus and Daedalus and the labyrinth and the minotaur and all that.
We were only the "Fighting Irish" with the advent of the 20th century, so yeah, you guys are entitled to add it in.
Sneakernet FTW. It'll be a very, very long time before a better solution is found.
And have a last name of "Castro"
Better idea would be to make the trailer frame contain the cameras, then just drop the boxes on top, with sensors at the load bearing points that give an idea of center of gravity. should be super duper easy given what some Google cars can do. Best place to test would be on docks, wouldn't need to intermix with public vehicles, you'd have a closed environment.
Up? Oil is heading down still. Going to be down for a while with all the glut in production, and the Saudis not turning off their spigot.
I always rationalized it as being the shortest possible distance to travel through the Maw, indicating that he could outrun imperials who would take a longer more circuitous route. But I think that' shuts a fan service ret con.
I Wouldn't put it past them.
Hmmm, I'd like to hear from Chelsea on just how qualified Hillary is as a parent.
As wrong as it was to say, the "3am phone call" thing actually happened with Benghazi, and her appearance in front of congress left a whole lot to be desired when explaining that one.
Yeah, but they had to go there.
Have a mortgage :/
That what it feels like at the moment, despite having a wedding to plan for next year.
What's the deal with that? When your contract is up, you just don't have to show up to work anymore? I mean, I'm pretty sure that's how contracts work, just not sure how it applies to the Navy. What if you're at sea when your time is up? Do you have to wait till the next port?
I love it when people who know how to connect to their wireless router suddenly think they're IT experts.
Ludicrous display last night.
Eh,there's enough paintings of Jesus in the world that look like Thor, at least the redo was a little more brown.
But I thought Indiana Jones said his name started with an I?
Nah, a pirate scimitar.
