No. I used to be a woefully poor student and I work hard for what I have. Shopping is a hobby. Everybody liked to look good. I embrace my girly nature. There is nothing shallow about looking good and feeling confident so long as you don't judge others by what they wear.
Exactly. There are never going to be theories we all agree on in this sub. Calling somebody out on it is just rude.
I work with engineers. Everything that could be simplified requires a long, tedious process. It's all about formality. And engineers are so dry that I feel like I'm in episodes of 'The Big Bang Theory'. And just about all of them wear such bland clothes for function rather than style.
I signed up for Arbitrary Day, Reddit Turns 10, and Disney. My matches are good people and I wouldn't mind being friends with one. And two aren't lurkers, yay.
To be fair, Mona acted dumb at times and her best friend Hanna didn't know that she was A.
The boys look alike and I think that Charles has been confirmed as a diLaurentis. He is either a twin, cousin, or half brother to Jason. Andrew can't be one of the boys as he is Ali's age.
Bethany had a family and was in the grave. The actress for her most likely hadn't been cast. We can assume that the Liars know what Bethany looks like even if we don't. I have a hard time wrapping my head around Mrs D having twins and Ali. Now Mrs D might have hid Charles (if it's her own) but she wouldn't be careless to have another baby.
People licking their knives. Urgh, it repulses me and I really want to say something to them.
Ali was Toby's neighbour for a long time if I recall correctly. It would be extremely difficult to pass a kid off as being four years younger than they are. You can't say, pass an eight year old off as a four year old.
I think it's either Sarah Harvey or Charles himself.
Ha I've never liked her. I used to be in the minority and would get downvoted when I expressed my dislike of her. And now it's popular to dislike her. She irritates me to no end. I used to find Spencer insufferable but quite like her now.
Velvet. And fake flowers on hats.
Britney Spears perfume. Now that probably doesn't sound that bad but it was from my ex's mother and every year I would get one. I hated the smell and so ended up with five unopened celebrity perfumes at the end of the relationship. Nothing like expecting to get the same crap every year.
How luxurious. Worth every penny. I would love a homemade bag one day. You've got good taste and know what you want.
My friends don't watch this show. And most people I know talk about 'Game of Thrones'. I'm not into fantasy. I'm a girly girl who likes literature, old films, drama, so this show is perfect for me.
I don't think that they would make the connection that Cece wore a yellow top. I actually don't think that Cece was there at all that night.
I thought that it might have been Andrew.
I find it interesting that there are (rightly so) downvotes when it's noticed that a cast member has put on weight. Yet a few of you mock Toby's chin, Sydney's lips, Tanner's hair, Paige's chin, etc. Be nice.
My theory that he was involved in a fire at Campbell farm which got him sent to Radley and why the farm closed down.
No, because he was a doctor when he was dating Melissa before the A shenanigans. If Charles had been doing A stuff before Mona, then Wren would be the world's most useless detective.
In my hipster uni days, I used to play 'Imitosis' repeatedly. I don't think I fully comprehended the lyrics but I had indie cred for 'discovering' him.
But Wren has been in England. A has been pretty hands on and would have had the satisfaction of watching the girls suffer. Charles is/was a diLaurentis so how would you explain that relationship? And Charles in the video has blue eyes.
I think that Charles thought that she was actually Ali. Maybe he didn't know the real Ali very well.
We don't have to literally see him in England as Spencer's mother was communicating with him and Melissa. If I recall correctly, Spencer said that staying with them was fine. There's no reason to not believe that he and Melissa aren't in England apart from saying that they aren't to fit a theory. A bit like how we don't need to literally see where the parents are if they're not relevant to the plot.
I just watched 'Josie and the Pussycats'. I want to see everything with Gabriel Mann.
'Well the last train out to Sydney's almost gone'.
'I like Aeroplane Jelly...'. 'My dad picks his nose...'.
Australia.
Jason and Andrew are different ages. Andrew is the same age as the girls.
Cece is quite a bit older than Ali. We can assume that the two yellow dresses were identical so it's very unlikely that Cece and Ali would have been the same size when they were kids.
But why would the parents go along with that? That seems twisted even for PLL that they forced him to be his dead brother.
Andrew has lived in Rosewood for quite a while. You can't pass off a kid as being seven years younger than they are.
I got into LK Bennett because I was googling her shoes. I have one pair of strappy heels that are gorgeous though expensive. And Reiss heels are so nice and not hugely pricey on sale but I'm being good. Gosh, for a girl who is into bags I do look at shoes a lot.
Maybe Uber A isn't necessarily bad. Maybe they can't control the violent and sadistic Charles. They just have their plan and are trying to get justice. We've seen good people be pushed into doing bad things when they're at their wits end.
Or maybe he kidnapped Sara because he thought that she *was* Alison. Maybe he didn't know the real Ali very well.
Is that a euphemism?
I really don't think he's a bad policeman. He's in a difficult position as he has loyalty to the girls but tries to stay professional. And he does do arrests like he's instructed to like with Egg. And if my partner had been hurt by a maniac, I'd be extremely unprofessional about it as well.
I just don't think he's Charles. We can assume that Charles is one of the boys in the home video. I do believe that the boys are Jason and Charles with the baby being Ali. Andrew is the same age as Ali so he can't be one of the boys in the video as he would have been a baby himself.
Downvote for 'duck lips'. Her lips are fine, be nice. I don't like it when you guys mock the actors' looks on here.
I'm so over the Toby circlejerk. I felt so sorry for him when he first appeared and was an outsider. He's been through a lot, what with being bullied and being sent to juvie for something that he didn't do. He of course got emotional and irrational and joined the A team. I'd do whatever I had to do to uncover the truth about my family. I like Spoby but I personally feel that Spencer is in the wrong most of the time when they argue. Spencer gets a lot of love on here but she's not a very good girlfriend. She cheats on him and acts bratty when he has to work late and can't bend the rules for her. The way that she acts you can't blame him for being a bit possessive. He does have to work on his communication skills a bit though as he doesn't do well when Spencer is being emotional.
I like the watch. Personally I'd stick to the traditional watch brands so Citizen, Seiko, Tissot, Casio, etc. A watch ought to be classic, not trendy. Maybe get her something with a thin strap. Michael Kors make popular watches though not to my taste and most girls like Kate Spade. I wore a steel Guess watch when I was at uni that was simple, adjustable, and not horribly blinged and logo'd.
You're lucky you've never had to deal with a cockamouse.
Emily is getting Single White Female'd.
Unlikely that Toby is Charles. There is about a five year difference between them and it would very difficult to pass a kid as being five years younger than they are.
I live in Aus and hope you have me! Maybe try and send it from retailers like Myer, David Jones, JB Hifi, Dick Smith? I bought my Macbook from Dick Smith and the prices are lower than from the Apple store.
Ayy...lmao.
I loved Anastasia Krupnik! Thank you for giving me a literary friend throughout my childhood.
Ha, you understand what it means? Always nice connecting with fellow cat lovers.
Ella Montgomery. She never really put her foot down with regards to Ezra. She was going to marry a guy who she suspected had been inappropriate with a young girl, despite having a young daughter herself. Terrible parent and no wonder Aria is the way she is. I think Pam Fields is a great parent. Emily is the nicest, stable, and most rounded Liar.
'Men don't really like oral sex. It's a vicious rumour that was started in the '50s'.
I find myself missing a colleague who I'm sure liked me and then when he resigned, I let myself like him. I didn't want a work relationship. And nothing happened between us though there was definite attraction there. We could never make it work. Dammit.
I doubt that he would be significantly older enough to be relevant. He can't be Jason's age as people have theorised as you can't pass a kid off as being six years older than they are.
It could be Dean and Egg unfortunately. Both of them had a relationship of sorts with Spencer. And I think it was Egg who said that he had lived in Rosewood before.
I prefer the light blue shirt as well but personally don't like the olive top. Olive isn't really a flattering colour.
Of course but it's not an easy colour to wear or photograph. I've worn an olive green top and the colour looked muddier in pics. And as it's her engagement photos, I'd suggest a colour that's a bit nicer.
I don't think anyone was shocked about Mona being alive. I just didn't want her to be as I was sick of characters coming back to life. It would have been better if she had vanished. Mona is such a monster. She faked her own death so hurt a lot of people to let Ali take the blame for it. She's as sick as A is. I knew Sarah would come back.
I don't quite believe this story... It sounds a bit cliche and has elements in it to make you feel rage against his ex wife.
Yea, the story sounds fake to me. Soldier, affair, illegitimate child, conspiracy, etc.
The Unbreakably Kimmy Schmidt. Great comedic cast, odd, dark, funny.
I think that Noel Kahn was Beach Hottie. It's a bit more palatable for that Ali was sleeping with a guy who was actually about her age. It would also explain what she had over him.
If I understood the fetishes then they might be my own, right?
I know that Rosewood parents aren't great but disappearing on your son and husband for a few years and letting them go through the pain of thinking that you're dead is a bit much. She died before That Night.
We don't like Tony Abbott and Peter Costello.
To be fair to Veronica, I think she was genuinely looking out for Spencer's interests. It's frustrating for Spencer but the Hastings family did have a lot of problems with her pill addiction. Hell, Spencer might have hurt someone when she was high.
Marshall was the one who pressured her into Rome when she had misgivings. And after he persuaded her, took a job behind her back. I don't recall exactly why he worked at GNB but wasn't it because Barney pressured him by having him buy a super expensive suit? If you're referring to her debts, she supported him through law school and then owned up to her debts later buy selling her clothes. She was willing to divorce him so he could his dream home. Lily is my favourite character. I hated her stealing things but I feel that Ted blamed Lily for his and Robin's initial breakup.
I interpreted that scene as it being a psychological ploy to suss out Mona. He knew that she would correct him. 'Diagnosis' is a common word and you don't have to be a doctor to be able to spell it. Hell, if Wren was Charles, he would have become very familiar with that word.
There's not even that much downvoting in this sub. I've been on Reddit for a while and this is honestly one of the nicer ones with votes. I just don't like seeing threads calling out people on their not very believable theories. Let's not make fun of other people's theories even if they don't make sense. I hate seeing people make fun of the actor's looks like Tanner's hair, Sydney's lips, Toby's chin, etc.
I'm very sure that Wren can spell 'diagnosis'. It's a common word and you don't have to be a doctor to be able to spell it. I read that scene as him playing Mona who he knew would correct him and let her feel like she had the upper hand. Or simply, he misspelled it because he's human.
Then who do you think the body was? We hardly know anything about Bethany as it is. I doubt that they would introduce ANOTHER girl who was most likely there that night and wearing a yellow top.
But he was watching her scream and didn't do anything. It could have been an accident at the start but she was underwater screaming.
Common complaint on this sub is the revolving new characters.
He would have been old enough to understand when babies are in pain. And if a baby is crying, then they're obviously uncomfortable. So he was either being kind or cruel but either way, it's still disturbing behaviour. He had had violent tendencies before whether he meant them or not, though, this just happened to be the last straw. The di Laurentis parents aren't great but sending him to Radley would have been the last resort.
I get what you're saying. I do judge young Charles to be sociopathic but not mentally challenged, though. Not Rainman innocent but more a calculating person. I suppose because we see adult Charles as being so deliberate and meticulous.
The kids would have known but we're not the kids. The audience could have had theories about the name but nothing was confirmed till the finale.
I accidentally on purpose sent my ex's mother messages meant for him. I was devastated, angry, and begging him to call me. Didn't go down well and made me look like the crazy ex. But fuck him for dumping me over the phone after a four year relationship.
It would be such a cop out if Wren was A. He was introduced a British med student. Charles is a bit of a superhuman but having him fake a medical degree, get plastic surgery, wear contacts, fake an accent, fake a history, be adopted, secretly fly in from Britain regularly, is a bit of a stretch even for PLL. It seems unnecessary for him to do so and there have been no hints that he did that. For a disguise a beard would do, it would be easier for him to stay in Rosewood or a neighbouring town, he was at uni as that's where he met Melissa, saying that he was from a different state would have been fine. And he and Jessica had a scene together. A bit like the Charles transgender theories how people change Cece's gender to fit a theory.
God I hope not. I feel like Ali hiding a baby would be too dark even for PLL. Poor Ali was messed up as it is. I'm hoping Beach Hottie was Noel Kahn as it would be especially horrid if the 'father' was much older.
23 isn't old, don't worry about it. I got my first boyfriend when I wasn't much younger than you and I'm straight. And if you don't want a relationship, that's fine. Don't be embarrassed.
Dean was Spencer's sobriety coach. Egg is the guy who was living in the barn, who graffiti'd, stole the art, kissed Spencer, and got arrested by Toby. Annoying trouble maker.
My MacBook Air. It just works, amazing battery life, it's really lovely using it, and has better depreciation. I'm not computer savvy enough to be able to program and upgrade whatever so it suits my needs.
I use it every day so it's worth the price. I haven't seen many stylish, light, long battery life, sturdy laptops in that price range. MacBooks maintain their resale value better than other laptops.
Ina
Ooh, I want to do 7. But must limit funds as I spent a fair bit on this round of exchanges and I only did 3. Jewellery and nail polish are a definite. I'm a girly girl and I actually need the stuff. And jewellery might be small enough to ship in a small envelope.
I can't do a casual blazer. Looks great on other people but I still view blazers as being relatively formal. I can't do a blazer and jeans.
Zach is a nice guy but he's not the brightest bulb in the chandelier. Lane should be with someone more motivated and intelligent.
Oh god, I just read your story and like so many others, cried so much. Can you please share anymore photos of her? She's as beautiful as you described and you shouldn't sell yourself short.
Merci. Tres desole.
I want to be double teamed by Scott Eastwood and Max Irons. Their dads were hot in their prime but they are finer.
I often go on my soapbox as I'm passionate about certain topics. Probably more interesting for my friends to read rather talking about the weather, what people had for lunch, or shitty memes. Seeing somebody else's opinion on the same topic is interesting.
I take a lot of photos which can annoy my friends. I smile when I look at old pics and it's a good record for my friends and future family. You can't really regret taking a photo of a future happy family. It's a few seconds for a years of viewing pleasure.
Sci, that's terrible.
I'm a Melburnian and perma single so not going to try and get the ring. Mildly disappointed that Reddit used this story to advertise their site and then it got picked up by news sites before you had made your decision. You're going go get more people giving you a fake sob story or asking for money. Whilst the ring probably isn't cheap, the money isn't a big deal if it means transferring any negativity that might represent your engagement and giving joy to a happy young couple.
OP wants to give it to a happy couple. If they wanted to give it to the needy then they could have sold it and given away cash. There are 'deserving' people on Reddit. They probably give money to charity and nothing wrong with doing a good deed that doesn't involve charity.
Oh? Do you mean that he's gay or just that he's fine enough for men to admire?
Honey, it will be alright.
Please recommend me inexpensive dry cleaners that are in the city area. And does anyone here outsource their ironing? If so, what do you pay for it and can you recommend anywhere?
Thanks! I'll check them out. There isn't a chore I hate more than ironing.
I'm a girl and I wish I could control my emotions to not make myself cry. We cry from frustration more than sadness. I've only really known guys to cry from sadness rather than being overwhelmed by little things.
Lyam disease.
Out of all the weird and horrid names on here, this is the worst. I don't believe you or somebody is pulling your leg as there isn't a way that somebody would come up with that name. Horrible drug names you can sort of understand as the drug would have significance to the parent. It wouldn't be somebody with bad English as there isn't a word that comes close in their language.
