that engine never fails to make my head turn
I've been on CloudyG3 for a few weeks now and I have 0 issues
or maybe your shits aren't as .. resilient as some of ours
well if your offspring consistently off themselves before coming of age, then I'd say you've proven yourself most unfit
I'm sorry, did someone abort into your cereal this morning?
the flame front travels slower. In a sense diesel burns while gasoline explodes, so when you increase the RPM on a diesel engine, the pistons start to move faster than the flame can travel which creates wonky pressures during the power and exhaust stroke while sending a ton of energy straight out of the exhaust (even more than usual)
i'm slightly jaded from reading about all the american noobs asking questions that they would have known the answers to if they had the privilege of a proper motorcycle riding course with a proper test for their license do you guys want to hear something shocking? I *failed* my first test. I have all kinds of excuses for it some of which I still believe (my first time in the fog), but fact of the matter remains that I had a proper course of more than 15 hours with an proper instructor that always taught 2 students at a time at most, I really was paying attention and wanted to succeed, and I'm really not a dumbfuck, but I STILL FAILED. I failed it because it was hard and I couldn't do it in the circumstances of that day I got it the next time in excellent weather i feel sorry for all the noob riders that got their license and their bike without even the slight anxiety that you might fail a test, because that just means that you didn't get the kind of education that you'd want before riding by yourself
Of course, they're doing the right thing. But I'm not sure if the internet is the right place to learn all of this because people sometimes end up discussing things that would be easily cleared up if someone with experience and authority had eliminated all the obviously wrong answers from the discussion first.
As far as I know those batteries can pretty much report whatever capacity they wish, a reported 3000mah doesn't actually mean that the battery is as good as the stock one
I'm thinking using the in-store PA system to call out the douchebag, that ought to get everybody's attention
Did you know that the visors on full face helmets are required to be shatterproof? Now you know why!
here [ftfy](http://i.imgur.com/KO6uBeh.jpg)
I didn't have a screen protector for my last phone and I don't have one now
it's for when you think that gorilla glass is just a marketing name and not any more scratch-resistant than regular glass
semantics, you know that
you'd think I know that given that I have a Dutch passport. Interesting video nonetheless
I lived in Groningen for years, we referred to our country as Holland and didn't care. The ones who *did* care were always a bit odd
that car is an abomination. I mean what good is a roll-cage if you outright destroy any ability for your car to turn a corner, let alone race on a track?
Well yes, it's probably completely cosmetic anyway
Plus that you'd normally get off on the left side, so to GTFO on the right side is extra hard
I would've gotten as far as "what the f-" before her rear fender brings me back to reality with a thud
Ysmildr is always 100% alert
yeah I was thinking of just hooking up one of those battery banks to my camera. AFAIK it will run on USB power without problems, so I could just put the battery bank in my jacket and run the wire up to my helmet. Or, I could duct-tape the battery to my helmet for extra sillyness
cheaper than an amazon.com 10.000mAh power bank? You're right though, that's a great way to power all kinds of stuff
So where did you get your license? Because I cannot relate with your comment about your teachers skill level at all, and my examiner was clearly a life long rider who professed his preference for Ducatis and clearly loved to ride fast. Also, the exams were *hard*
&gt; How do we get a developer to fix it? Buy them lots of beer
Didn't you get the memo? We hate thin people now! /r/thinpeoplehate I mean, they're so easy to hate with their disgusting thin bodies, I wish I could open up my own McDonalds so I could invite them all over for that goddamn burger that they so desperately need!
It's a sanitation problem if you accidentally mix your meats and then just ship it
in my experience: yes
remember Destruction Derby?
dedicated servers will be coming with the next patch apparently
wasn't it rossi who once said that he doesn't know either, just that it works?
Try crossing the border to Germany for a change, it's not far away I promise!
circle jerk? it's just a law
Get a bigger battery, problem solved! 6000mAh has a way of not draining as fast as 2000mAh
Have you cleared the defaults for chrome?
boomsticks indeed go boom
&gt; with the exception of the beamer pistol [beamer OP](http://gfycat.com/DefiniteHalfEeve) if you can handle it
well before I started using keepass, my passwords weren't known for their rock solid security either. I think it's a huge improvement especially with 2 factor authentication, and I'm not entirely convinced that something like lastpass is actually better. If nothing else, I prefer using something that keeps working when I'm not online
well honestly it's not as if I'm playing other games. I mean I could, but I don't
I think you have to be dead inside, that's pretty much it
I can't answer your question, I can only compare it to my previous phone (nexus 4) and say it's about equal with a warmer tone
license plate says OP is Dutch. It so happens to be that the biggest online gathering of Dutch riders is at motor-forum.nl
just gently shove that stick over there
I think the skin is more of an issue than the SoC. I mean, what good is having lollipop when most of it is hidden? And what good is a good camera if it's hampered when you remove the stock skin and install CM12? Plus you'd have to get an extended battery to get the same sort of battery life as the droid turbo
at 240 euro it's a STEAL. I paid 315 for a *refurbished* 32gb one just a few weeks ago, in Germany
Oh right, the correct nomenclature would be "morbidly obese woman" of course, does that work better for you?
Well, basically you're saying that you really really don't like what they're doing, but you're staying anyway, with a weak sauce assurance that you will be watching them. I don't see why they should even take notice
&gt; Replace "cops" with "some thief at the airport" didn't these cops just fucking steal 11 large? and they'll get away with it too
that's a great photo, you don't often see photos of tight turns like that!
Potentially getting your face smashed in by a highly aggressive guy twice your size is not worth it. Your intact ego won't do you much good when you're getting reconstructive surgery or worse
I'm done wasting my time here. Fuck you and the high horse you rode in on
I can recommend using Apex launcher with 2 apps to toggle the LED and turn the screen off: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.anddoes.launcher https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.farproc.nexustorch https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cmcm.screenoff I used these specific apps because they worked best for me when launched from gestures in Apex launcher. Most other simple programs that offer this functionality work as well, but they still launch as a normal app with a user interface, which is a bother when you just want a flash light and doesn't look great when locking the phone. With the Nexus Torch I can just swipe up to turn the LED on, then swipe up again to turn it off. With this specific screen off app, the phone turns off every time as if it's Apex launcher itself that's doing it, it feels completely stock. What I'm still looking for is something that can turn my screen off like it does when it times out, without actually locking the phone immediately. Maybe I should bust out Android Studio myself and see what works
calling outfit play organized is a big leap
Have you accidentally removed your genitals yet? It seems only a matter of time
- full studs
that should be standard
&gt; charge it if you want to and when it's empty. Li-ion really doesn't like to be left in your backpack at 0% for weeks on end
thanks :)
Do you know what makes her special? She did not try and clean it up, she knows that cleaning it up would only make it worse so the only way forward is to apologize and leave it alone I say put another ring on it, somehow
staying in gear is slightly safer because you can get moving immediately (to dodge whatever is coming your way) getting in neutral is will slightly increase the life of your clutch bearings as has already been explained, and it might give your left foot a rest if you've been in traffic and you're lazy I'd say stay in first unless you don't feel like it
and it sucks spending money on buying, maintaining and insuring a second bike if you would rather be riding your other bike. Just buy 'street' tires rather than 'sport' tires, they have more grip than you can actually put to use on the street anyway unless you're actually a decent track rider in which case you'll probably want to get a track bike instead of a highway commute bike
I carry a metal plate for my side stand, it comes in handy from time to time
I got the Talos Principle
That's an air cooled single in the 200 to 400 cc range, nothing like the bikes you mentioned. I guess it could be the xt500 engine but I'm not sure
I dirty flashed 2.3 over 2.2 with 0 problems
People make fun of you behind your back also not behind your back
:)
What's the point of getting a new faster phone if it'll throttle and slow down when you actually need it to be fast?
&gt; up to 80 easily Not with 125cc and a sidecar you won't
I can dig it
Well you would usually use a jig to fix things in place and cut them, yes, but that doesn't mean that you can't use jigs for something else
Many chargers do this, some worse than others. The charger that came with my nexus 4 did this, luckily my current charger doesn't. I have an external hard drive with a power brick that quietly emits loud shrieking torture when the hard drive is powered down
An extended battery is very different from a battery bank
I switched from cloudy to stock 6.0, no ragrets
theymos believes himself to be a benevolent dictator, when it is clear that he is neither. The core is rotten and all he is accomplishing is that the expunging will be somewhat delayed, and all of bitcoin will be worse off because of it
Thank fuck for that
Switching to the home screen is noticeably faster, Relay for Reddit is noticeably slower. Otherwise things feel pretty much the same to me
I have swipe up in apex launcher set to start nexus torch, works well and is unobtrusive. I liked the key plus option of holding down volume down (or was it up?) as well, that's really convenient, but it kept triggering while my phone was in my pocket
*woosh*
how dare you ask questions?
I don't use it for anything, I never used it on my nexus 4 and with my G3 now I can't use it because I replaced the back of the phone
So, I have a chromebox (but that's not important) running Kodi (that IS important) connected to my TV. When I want to play a youtube video on my TV, I look it up on my phone and share it to Kodi using my preferred Kodi remote Yatse, two taps and it's playing. What usecase if any would I have for a chromecast? I've seen the preachers and heard the gospel, but given that I already have an HTPC hooked up I wonder what good it'll do. I guess it does make it easier to do a slideshow of the pictures on your phone.
right here: http://forum.xda-developers.com/lg-g3/development/stock-d855-30b-images-kdz-flashables-t3282012 assuming you have TWRP already you can just use these zips as per instructions and you should have a rooted 6.0. I chose not to do root but the rest went great
if you're on lollipop or marshmallow, yes. It was one of the big things of lollipop, and the whole point of having ART on kitkat was to test it before it became the default. Also, ART on kitkat contained just one of the many things that is in ART today, as such any and all discussions about dalvik and ART that were written before googles publications on ART in lollipop are completely invalid and you should immediately forget about them. In fact, forget about ART completely, because it's already the default and the only thing you'll notice compared to dalvik on kitkat is that installing apps takes a bit longer
oh ok. I don't like writing essays
well yeah but I was trying very hard to not pull the "think of the kids!"-card
bs I bet you could pull a sick wheelie on both of those bikes! ^^with ^^the ^^clutch! ^^^and ^^^bag ^^^of ^^^dirt ^^^on ^^^the ^^^back! ^^^^up-hill! edit: can any one of you 20 retards please explain to me why this is being downvoted? I genuinely don't know. If you think I'm taking a piss at OPs choice in bikes, look carefully at my flair and try to imagine how I could pop a wheelie on mine. I'll give you a hint: I can't
I'm not your mate, buddy!
I'm not your guy, friend!
&gt; Which is why I'll never grasp why someone hates all bikers when one idiot does something most people don't really see motorcycle riders from a perspective where they're just people having fun. They don't see the responsible riders out there just riding for fun or the people just getting to work, or the people just riding around on their holiday. The people they see are the people that get their attention by being retards, or the people that do stuff so retarded that they end up in the papers as another statistic. The people they hear about are the friend of a friend or a cousin who get a bike and get themselves killed doing stupid shit. They don't hear or tell stories about that dude that just spent 2 months riding all over a continent, they may see some photos on facebook but they'll instantly forget about them. The images that stay are those of a guy smeared across the asphalt this guy in the ditch is definitely one of those guys you hear about, because here we are discussing his antics in his video. I'd try and post a video of myself but I think I might just literally bore you to death
dude now you're talking shit about another mans bike on a motorcycling subreddit, you big hero. Why don't you walk up to the next guy you see riding a NC700 and try telling him what you just told me? Maybe you should insult his wife and his mother as well, while you're at it
I've never even noticed that it was supposed to be cyan, so yeah the loading bar is pretty much useless to me
Alright, I'll try to remember to preemptively ban people so they can never post in this sub even though they never have or even had the intention to, and also add them to the sidebar Or maybe I'll forget I don't know I'm not the police
yes, yes, but am I on the council that decides whether the burial grounds will remain or get cleared? Will I be the one who gets to send their remains to some godforsaken crypt or furnace?
After a whole day of riding I'm definitely tired as fuck
Whatever it is, it's extremely retarded. Luckily you had plenty of room
I didn't see it in any text book as far as I can remember but the topic definitely came up
And almost no one has all their bitcoin in a single address, so the amount of people with any significant bitcoin holdings is far less than these numbers would suggest
I have the same back but a different 6000mah battery. I go 3 to 4 days between charging now, it's awesome even if it's a bit cumbersome
