yea tell him johnny
Who the hell would leave a loaf of banana bread uneaten
You rock!
I agree. Binding of Isaac has tons of hidden/unintentonal mechanics and it gives the game SO much depth. I've got more than 1000 hours in the game across both versions and I still don't know everything about it.
That sounds like an anime that I'd watch
Awesome thanks, this is exactly what I was looking for. The warlock one was funny to me. I remember once I drafted 4 flame imps because I thought they were so good. Never have I lost an arena so quickly.
You can (and should) do this for every god in the game
Like copyrighting candy from a baby
What's going on here
&gt;Dark Souls 2, for all it's faults is an amazingly replayable game. I've put so many hours into that game messing with different weapons and builds and doing lots of co-op and I just can't enough of it. I know this is blasphemy for a lot of people but don't get me wrong: I love Dark Souls 1 and I love Bloodborne but DS2 for me is king when it comes to replay-value. That's so weird to hear for me. I love the whole Souls series and played the hell out of DS2 when it came out, but once I stopped I never played through again. I've tried before but always get put off by the dodging and how hard it is to get regeared from the start. I just end up replaying Dark Souls 1 for the 20th time or so.
&gt;In my honest opinion, I would be completely dissatisfied with a product that I paid between 15-45 dollars for that can be beaten in less than two hours. The games we're talking about do not cost that much. Games like To the Moon, Proteus, Dear Esther, Papo y Yo, Little Inferno and hundreds of others are now essentially free. The developers will receive no profit if people beat their games and then return them. *This is not a good thing.*
What I wouldn't give to play this god, this is awesome. Fantastic work
WTB rare pepe
13 second intro what
[Reddit Enhancement Suite](http://redditenhancementsuite.com/)
I didn't raise you to talk to me that way you ungrateful little shit
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ragman_%28comics%29 Edmund likes nerd stuff. /thread
It's not boring, it's a puzzle to figure out the optimal way to go forward. In all honesty it's a very interesting way of playing the game. &gt;I got both cubes with the Book of rev and it did take like 6 hours Now THAT'S boring
It really isn't. 90% of the posts are basically just /r/gaming for Hearthstone. Posts like this are the rare exception. If you want resources you should look into /r/competitiveHS or /r/hearthdecklists
God damn that was fire
You can settle for sculpting us an Old Wa simulator :P
Animals are crapping in our houses and we're picking it up. Did we lose a war? That's not America! That's not even Mexico.
Agreed, /r/smite mods are great
&gt;I'm definitely not depressed. Unless you're a psych major or a medical professional, you have no way of knowing this. And no, not everybody has suicidal thoughts. In the world of psychiatry suicidal thoughts are ALWAYS taken seriously, especially if they're as persistent as you say. I'll echo the words of everyone else saying that you should see a doc, but in case you're still skeptical here are the symptoms of depression: Fatigue, changes in eating habits, lack of energy, no longer enjoying previously pleasurable activities, lowered sex drive, suicidal thoughts, trouble sleeping or sleeping too much, feelings of guilt/worthlessness, persistent sad and anxious mood and thoughts. Keep in mind that depression can happen regardless of your environment or life circumstances, and that it can be as much chemical as it is emotional. Anybody can be clinically depressed.
I just want to say I really like the casual atmosphere of threads and I hope they stay. Anyways, I've been rereading my favorite book recently, The Things They Carried. It's so good. I'm not a huge reader and I usually hate consuming a piece of media more than once but this book is brilliant, it's got so much depth that rereading it even for the 3rd or 4th time feels like discovering something new as opposed to just retreading familiar ground.
That's a great passage. I always describe TTTC to my friends as a book 100% made of quotes you want to show other people but can't because they wouldn't appreciate it without having read the rest first. I think my favorite chapter has to be The Sweetheart of Song Tra Bong. The idea of the jungle just seeping into somebody you love and infecting them is something so chilling, it's written and paced like a horror story. I love it.
I don't see it, what's Berserk about that shot?
If Lower Burg isn't counted then I don't think the Kiln should be either, it only has like 5 enemies right?
This is one of the best posts I've ever seen on this sub
It's Aphrodite disguised as Covert Ops Bastet disguised as Aphrodite
What were 2k and Insomniac like? Did you work with Insomniac during the development of any of the original Ratchet and Clank trilogy?
fkn savage
Oh god Keeper of the Groove sounds like a fantastic boss for Necrodancer
[Omae wa mou shindeiru](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sCWbl8ajfA8)
Shadow Madness is probably the best, as Cabal helps to counter midrange decks and Shadow Madness hits a lot of midrangey cards.
Pretty fitting for Hercules, considering he murdered his wife and children. Wait...
Yeah. [The panel just after it](http://a.mhcdn.net/store/manga/176/163.0/compressed/k009.jpg?v=1387689466) is fantastic too, one of those very well composed shots that Berserk is full of.
Where did you get your degree in armchair psychiatry?
Yep. I cackle like an idiot when RNG does something really miraculous to ruin my plays, almost as much as I would if it happened to the opponent. Because it's funny, and it's just a casual card game. There is rarely, if ever, anything actually at stake.
Thank you for your response! And I agree, as a person who's been interested in game design their whole life, the rise of procedurally generated games has been very exciting to me. It's so fascinating that in games like that as you add more content the game just gains depth organically. The Binding of Isaac is a good example of this. I've often wondered about diminishing returns in terms of content when it comes to procedural generation, or whether it's possible to create "the perfect game", one with so much procedural content that it never becomes stale or boring to play. But I guess that's a little off topic. We Happy Few looks great so far, I can't wait to hear more about it. Good luck!
Very good point, I hadn't thought of it that way. I wonder, if this were considered an attack speed slow for the purposes of comparison how much of a slow would it be?
Why not just add a ward that can see through stealth?
What exactly is shitty or tumblr about this gif
Big Boss is Skull Knight, since Guts is Skull Knight's "successor" with the berserker armor. Which makes Flora The Boss. Griffith as Liquid makes sense. Zodd is definitely Ocelot
Eh I don't know, if we're talking everything up to the point where Griffith gets himself sent to prison (or even more so if it's everything up to just before the eclipse) then I think everyone would've figured out he's super shady by then. Especially if Miura just stopped and gave everyone a decade to think about it. It's obvious that Griffith isn't a saint, even pre-eclipse.
Does all that happen? I completely forgot. I guess I might have to reread it all again
What's your job?
This is awesome
DAMN YOU BUTT TO BUTT
To be fair Kickstarter might have the option and I might just be ignorant, but I've still seen overfunding ruin projects. Kickstarter has definitely been used for scams in the past though I'm not sure how they've turned out, and for a service which seems so easily exploitable KS seems to do a good job of weeding out the crap.
Nice
AKA incest fanservice simulator
Just a tip, if you look at the URL of the image you can do a google search to find it easily, link is here: http://phluxxor.deviantart.com/art/Ryuuko-Senketsu-411344232
[r u serious](http://i.imgur.com/yYd3jD8.pnghttp://i.imgur.com/yYd3jD8.png)
Alright so I just wanted to report back with some of my experiences. With some arena grinding and a lucky pack I managed to obtain the two cabals and second lightbomb, and after some testing I just wanted to confirm that you're right, both of these cards are essential and improve consistency so much. I've found that aggressive midrange matchups have improved enormously, zoo especially is so much easier now. Cabals absolutely destroy them. It seems like the second Cabal experiences a lot of diminishing effectiveness in most other matchups but not enough to cut it. After testing mind control a bit I decided that it's far better than ooze. It absolutely seals the deal on paladin matchups and helps a lot with dragon warrior, druid and handlock. Any of the slower matchups really. Ooze just doesn't do enough against aggro to justify its secondary usefulness and the weapon-based matchups don't need that much help to begin with. I think I'll try testing Boom and Sylvanas out sometime in the next few weeks. What I find I've struggled with most recently is tempo mage. With the removal of zombie chows and ooze it's hard to deal with mirror entity, and they either overwhelm me early on or whittle me down enough to burst at the end. Cabals help a ton in the midgame but those are often too slow and if I don't draw SW:P I end up having a hard time managing their threats. I'm thinking maybe shadowform shouldn't be used until very late when you're out of range of burst? I often end up wishing I could heal myself before she can draw her finishers. Oh and one last thing, do you have any tips for tech choices and the cards that might be replaced? I feel like smite, the second cabal and shrinkmeister might be replaceable, but that's all I can think of. In terms of tech maybe MCT. What do you think of Thaurissan? Sorry if it's annoying to keep coming back to this post months later, it's just one of the few real shadowform decks out there and it's such an interesting deck to talk about. I won't be offended if you want me to stop :P
FUCKING WEABOOS REEEEEEEEE
There's a very good Shadowform decklist and commentary here: http://www.reddit.com/r/CompetitiveHS/comments/2y75fc/legend_rank_shadow_priest_feb_2015/ I love this deck and it's a blast to play, but I can't comment on its effectiveness as I'm not a great player. Even so I pull at least a 50% winrate with it overall in ranked. There's another version here that's decent but I haven't used it as much: http://www.hearthpwn.com/decks/205554-control-shadowform-priest-road-to-legend-update
ocarina_of_time_speedrunning.gif
I have. I don't go to them for news but I've read many of their reviews over the years and they're always at least adequate.
How do you know all that?
Okay. I remember hearing somewhere that Rat was his first real god designed but I guess I'm wrong.
Aight
In Dear Esther you find narration that reveals more of the story. Would it have been more of a game if you found some random trinkets instead?
Alright, I think I will test Thaurissan a bit then. Believe it or not Day9 is actually running a shadowform priest right now that he's been building over the last few weeks. He's definitely not the best deckbuilder in the world but it's interesting to see the different choices he makes and how they play out for him. He runs a Mass Dispel and Doomlords, for instance. [Here's the deck](https://youtu.be/5Y1PHS_asxA) in its current iteration
A more expensive version of a normal ward that reveals stealth. I think it'd have to be significantly more expensive so you can't just hard counter loki, but not too expensive that people couldn't use it to counter stealth and sneaky backdooring.
Post it once, no need to clog up the subreddit daily
~~Football isn't a moba. In football does the winning team become faster and more powerful than the losing one?~~
My bad, I took your comment as saying that because football doesn't use comeback mechanics neither should smite. I should stop skimming these posts before commenting
The new passive is still bad. This one is arguably even worse.
I have, yeah. It's not useful during a fight and not useful at the start of it, it's only good after a fight, and since you have no reason to use your 2 after a fight it ends up being pretty situational.
If you consider yourself to be a true teammate of this man, then take heed... for when his tower collapses, you will experience feeding... feeding which you can never escape!
Wasn't it just a month ago that everybody was criticizing DM for throwing his best friend under the bus? Did you all forget about that or am I missing something?
Anybody have a vod?
Twitch, any competitive gaming community ever, and now real life as well
Waterfall in my pants
Yeah, this is a pretty big disappointment to me. I'm glad we're getting another Souls game but I'm sad that the actual world of Dark Souls 1 isn't getting any more attention. For all Dark Souls 2 got right it never really felt like Dark Souls to me.
&gt;leveling/stats/movement Was it really an improvement to have to teleport back to a hub area and skip through dialogue every time you wanted to level up? Or to have to level a near-useless stat just to get the dodge rolling from the other games back?
Any chance whatsoever that Old Wa's kit will see some form of reintroduction into the game?
ENEMY HOU-YI 130 ABOVE
It's not going to suck as much as you guys think. Try The Lost with the D4 or D100 using mods, it's stupid fun.
It's yo tambien gracias mi is possessive
Yo can mean I or me. Mi just translates directly to my
Why don't you find out what actually happened instead of making assumptions?
yo tambien gracias
I don't really hate any characters, but I guess Gwyndolin's kind of a jerk. He's pretty much the only character with any real power and he spends it all guarding nothing.
Honestly I think it's a little insulting to Smite's programmers that you think it would take them an entire year of work just to create a new matchmaking algorithm.
I agree completely. The gameplay is Uncharted without the bad puzzles and playful banter, but everyone heaps praise on one and criticizes the other. It's always been weird to see.
Well of course we want this to be a thing, people have been asking about this for a year. What took so long?
Is there anything wrong with that? Solo lane allows for pretty much every other type of god, no reason it shouldn't allow hunters to lane there too.
The PS3 is absolutely still worth it. I don't think I'll ever be through playing games on it, the library is just massive.
As in my PC hardware? I don't know it off hand but it's a mid-high end PC. The problem isn't the power of the PC it's PCSX2's compatibility, for some reason the Ratchet games aren't optimized for PCSX2. I would imagine that other games have this issue as well but I don't know. Point is it's not a perfect solution.
Uh...PCSX2?
They're overpriced plastic DLC that people go nuts over for some reason. Personally I believe it's some of the scummiest DLC in the game industry but it's Nintendo so nobody cares
This literally looks nothing like any Metal Gear Solid game's interface
More like a grimace
Yeah, she's by far my least favorite character of the series. She has just three modes: Being bitchy, attacking Guts, and crying. Sometimes two or three at once. Learning her backstory may make you sympathize with her more but it doesn't make her character any more enjoyable. The other characters love to talk about how strong and competent she is, how she's a born leader who can put her biases aside and handle herself during stress, but all we ever really see of her is crying, fighting poorly and trying to kill Guts. She seems like she would make a terrible leader. It's a shame, because I love complex and capable female characters. By all rights she should be one of my favorites, but she just ends up being annoying. Farnese and Luca end up being more interesting.
Good choice. It kind of sucks that you watched the anime first but it's a decent enough adaptation so I doubt you spoiled it for yourself.
https://bakabt.me/details.php?id=162057&amp;page=0 This is the only place I know of which has all the official translations.
To be fair it's pretty tough if you don't. He's just so aggressive. I'm a veteran DS1 player and on my most recent challenge run I fought him midrolling without parrying and it was pretty damn difficult, even for me. Although to be fair, not using a shield might also have had something to do with it
Thanks. I've tried somebody else's tweaks and they got it to go from totally unplayable to just a little unplayable :P but I'll try these when I get the chance.
