I'm trying to picture what defiantly joining a game would look like.
But it's in the Gem Store for the same price. Edit: You can buy it through the gem store interface, but may not use gems.
But what happens to the people that are buying this pre-order right now that own the base game? Will they be refunded?
Yeah, I'm in the same spot, I don't want to pay for more than I am getting.
But this doesn't feel fair to anyone that has the game already. New players essentially get the base game for free.
No it is priced in dollars and is just for you connivence. (you already have your credit card in the gem store if you have bought anything) But no, gems you currently have can not be used for the preorder.
No, of course not, but to say "here's the game+plus expansion for $50, but if you already own the game... $50" Does that sound fair?
Sorry, I should of clarified. Thank you for that.
I suppose that is a fair point, I just personally disagree with a business model like that. I can see both sides of the argument though. Edit: I would also like to quote part of the HoT faq: "Q: Do I have to own Guild Wars 2 to play the expansion? A: Yes. Guild Wars 2: Heart of Thorns is an expansion to Guild Wars 2 and not a stand-alone campaign, and therefore it requires the base game to play." This seems to imply someone should buy the game before hand. So what about people that just bought it a few days ago? Should they get a refund?
But now everyone bought it three years ago. What if you bought it yesterday at full price and than are told today that you could have saved that money?
We can only hope.
Just to build on that, it seemed clear that there will be a leaderboard of some sort.
Spend them while you can?
Just to answer a few things: 1. HoT does not have 3 maps or zones or whatever. Verdant Brink (the first single map we enter in the expansion will have 3 distinct layers- the recent beta event showed half of one of those layers) So HoT will have an unknown number of maps- ANet has not said how many. Guild halls will occur somewhere as large instances. Don't worry the expansion will be plenty big. 2. No info on arena specifics, but there has been more info through an interview. I will grab the link. Edit: [here is the link](http://www.zam.com/story.html?story=36174)
They have confirmed that they will be instances. [source](http://www.zam.com/story.html?story=36174)
I really look forward to fighting a guild hall full of mordrem on my own. I'll make my own challenging content!
Actually it's like buying a car with five steering wheels, but you have to pay a bit more for access to a sixth steering wheel that was advertised heavily.
You got to play the game for the last however long with no subscription fee.
Not replying? If you aren't buying HoT, you don't have anything to discuss.
Only two? You realize that people have to sit down and create these things right? How many were you expecting?
I believe they have said that not all the new legendaries will be available at the launch of HoT and I think they are going to be focusing on the weapons that currently have a "joke" legendary. (such as short bow)
Hence the quotes.
This is most likely one of the first weapons that will get a second legendary.
Not that we know of.
From Guild Halls: Taken From the Enemy blog post: &gt;While the Initiative Headquarters is not a full guild hall, it will provide access to existing features that we’re moving out of the guild panel for those guilds that do not upgrade to the expansion.
I'm sure it will reappear next wintersday. It would be unusual for them to offer one eater at any time (you might have to buy living story season 2 but it is still possible to get whenever you want) and only offer one as a one time deal. Just six short months to go!
That's about 8-10 silverwastes chest farm loops. You could get those back in no time.
Correct, and I don't know how the guild bank will be handled. I was simply providing a source.
[Highly relevant](http://images.mmorpg.com/features/7215/images/volunteer%20comic.jpg)
Guild Halls will be locked, and those that don't purchase HoT will use the new Guild building in Lion's Arch. This building will not have the features of a guild hall, just NPCs so all guilds can stay on even footing. (there won't be a Tavern but there will be the Tavern NPC, etc.)
No official word, but it would be reasonable to assume they will end when HoT is released. Since the pre-purchase is now how new players buy the core game, I don't see them pulling the pre-purchase at any time. Also, once HoT is out the price and packages (deluxe, ultimate) will be the same, but you will have missed beta weekends and the chance to get the title.
[From the wiki](http://wiki.guildwars2.com/images/5/51/Mist_Herald_Back_Item_Skin.jpg)
Overcast reference? Or am I missing something by not hosting one?
Happy birthday! I suppose my advice would be to take the time to read a physical book, any sort will do. (even a comic book) And take care of summer homework now, it's far more satisfying.
Have a level 80, go to the silverwastes, do events to earn bandit crests, buy keys from the vendor in camp resolve, look in the lfg tool (hit y and go to the second tab down) for a chest train group, "join in the silverwastes", follow commander, press f to loot, repeat. (this isn't the best explanation but I'm on mobile)
You're going to have to change your password as well, just as a heads up.
I have 3 and a personal guild with the first and second upgrades. This gives me 90 slots for account bound items (my bank) and 150 slots for non-account bound items (guild bank) such as materials or tonics.
OP also suggested making them a crafting material.
Which pre-purchase 'tier' did you get?
I guess look at what gives xp, and find the cheapest option.
If you feel like this is a bug, make a bug report.
Dying of the Light is a sci fi book.
The answer is t6 mats if you are trying to convert to gold or make a legendary.
Are EU players able to join NA guilds or vice versa?
I'm guessing instantly.
Noir Edit: I should mention that it's more important that you enjoy your writing than it is to follow what others want.
A longer format (the Americapox video is another longer one), that goes more in-depth on the topic and also relies more on actual video footage than his usual animated style.
Given that the Nordic countries are in the top 10 of the [Democracy Index](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Democracy_Index), I'm not sure anyone could seriously say it isn't working. Still an interesting question though.
I believe he usually uses reddit, but I think he has blocked the site from his computer for the most part, so probably no where at the moment. (see [dialing down](http://www.cgpgrey.com/blog/dialing-down)) He did once mention that he was interesting in following http://fivethirtyeight.com/since it was created by Nate Silver, so it would be interesting to see what his thoughts are now.
Happy cake day!
I highly recommend the Wait But Why series on Elon http://waitbutwhy.com/2015/05/elon-musk-the-worlds-raddest-man.html
Isn't it Getting Things Done and one other book? I forget the second one but this question was asked on HI.
He can do his usual animated-grey-at-his-desk
I think he means the style of the video, not a follow-up on the subject.
I feel like ANet already discussed that this is exactly how it will work.
I'm just going to assume this is attempted humor.
I feel like future expansions were confirmed while they unveiled HoT, elite specs, masteries, guild halls, etc., were all designed to be built upon for future expansions.
Yes it is
I don't see why not.
Hahaha! I didn't even think about that, but yes, I might have a conflict of interests.
I believe his wife lived there? He mentioned it on HI.
Also, it's silly to waste a question on something that's already been answered right? I mean, the video is only going to be so long, so it's best if everything asked is unique.
I think so, yes
&gt; Written and Directed by Joel &amp; Ethan Coen It'll work. Don't worry.
An alphabetical listing of the cast? It's not like the number of name matches the number actor pictures and looks weird.
No, go watch the trailer.
Maybe add a /s next time? Sarcasm is hard to convey in text.
The length means you can go more in depth on a topic, a 15 minute video really lets you cover all the points you want to make, especially compared to the average video of 5 minutes or so. In addition, HNNA uses a lot of real world video as opposed to still images and animations. This gives it a look of "higher production value" (and in fact, Grey has said that the video cost a fair bit more than normal to create because of the video footage).
I think I'll be going with this one. I just hope that the OSX version is released soonish.
What VPN option would you suggest for a student who can't afford Cloak?
It's $30 in their own website: http://shop.teslamotors.com/collections/accessories/products/tesla-mug-set
I read that as "likely to ship autonomously" and got really confused and excited.
When the current season ends, ranks reset and you can make more progress by crossing the same divisions again. This way, almost anyone can get the item it will just take longer.
Would you consider offering a way to remove discipline experience?
Yeah it makes sense, but it's still really annoying that you can't remove disciplines. (At least I find it annoying, I'm sure it doesn't bother everyone)
I'm almost positive that all they said was buying each component backpiece would be cheaper during the first year and once the year is up the price will increase and the new items will be at the cheaper price. Essentially, the backpieces are on discount for the year and will go up to "normal" at the end of the year and the new items will be on discount for the next year. Although the price will only go up once, it will be easier to get the backpieces during the first year. You should be able to unlock them at any point in the future though. I've seen people talk about the backpiece being removed, so if ANet changed something please let me know. The price increase was what I read from blog posts.
Those would probably be put in options if they were ever added to the game.
Given that he never mentions it in a video or podcast, I'm guessing most people (like me) don't know about it.
Correct, but I don't recall you mentioning a book. (It's entirely possible that I am wrong though). Also, congrats on 2 million!
Looks like Tesla doesn't sell cars in Turkey, wonder if that's the only place you can't buy one or something?
If you look on wikipedia, the yellow house in the background has since been painted white with blue trim and so has it's model and it's model's model. [wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Godshill_Model_Village.jpg) [google maps] (https://www.google.com/maps/@50.6326456,-1.254745,3a,75y,325.76h,79.07t/data=!3m8!1e1!3m6!1s-_g-iCm0FOI0%2FVZlBNfSVi3I%2FAAAAAAAAAxk%2Fp4hhOeAz-EA!2e4!3e11!6s%2F%2Flh5.googleusercontent.com%2F-_g-iCm0FOI0%2FVZlBNfSVi3I%2FAAAAAAAAAxk%2Fp4hhOeAz-EA%2Fw203-h101-n-k-no%2F!7i10240!8i5120)
&gt;Me and a friend just downloaded GW2, if we were to spawn near each other, we just need to pick the same server and race? We'll probably go with different professions. yes, pick the same server, but you don't need to pick the same race, because you will start with one waypoint in each starting zone unlocked &gt;All I hear about survivability in this game is dodge, can someone link me a good guide or a video demonstrating how useful it is? (I'd search it myself but I'm on mobile for a few hours. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0QJTwWY3tAE also, go ahead and turn off the "double tap a wasd key to dodge" feature and just learn to dodge with v or whatever you want to bind it to because it's just going to mess you up. &gt;We usually play by ourselves, with just the two of us, how likely are we to hit wall where we will need more people? And probably when? Well I would say 1. dungeons, but no one really plays those anymore, so the next thing would be 2. fractals, which you can use the LFG tool (press y) for at least the first half of fractal levels, so you're probably fine for a while on those (this is at level 80 btw) 3. guild activities, which need way more than 2 people, but I recommend you just find a guild to join (/r/guildrecruitment is a good spot, but you can wait till 80 to join) 4. raids, which need 10 people than all know what to do and can talk over ts/skype/mumble/discord/whatever (this assumes you have HoT and also you won't even be able to run a raid right at 80 so don't worry about it) tl;dr honestly, not for a long, long time
As soon as they are added to the collection, you are fine to delete the items.
Because Amazon.
It's still the last book if you read them in publication order. (The proper way to read the series)
Try equipping it.
It releases with the next quarterly patch, which should line up with the end of the current PvP season. Edit: middle of July is when the PvP season ends
Well I guess their fix wasn't without flaw. Let ANet know with a bug report that it still doesn't work for you.
There is a trial mode before the boost is fully consumed so feel free to try it out and if you don't like it you can just cancel it.
Have you tried fractals since the HoT change? I personally find them a lot more fun than before. Also, your personal fractal level doesn't matter, it's how much Agony Resistance you have. I'm pretty sure you only need to get to level 25 before you unlock lfg for up to fractal scale 50.
You're welcome!
I have the day off and so far I've just been reading. 10:30am
You might want to try /r/askreddit, or a more education specific subreddit for a better response.
House of Leaves by Mark Z. Danielewski It's really, really good, but also a very unusual book.
Do you think that the new design uses space better than the old one?
But that's why reddit is great, because you can choose exactly which communities to be a part of. You like reddit so much because it's about all the stuff you like and if you change, reddit can change with you.
What about the new raid testing area?
They will absolutely be able to retrieve your account, I've switched email before and it wasn't a problem at all. I would say expect a response either today or tomorrow depending on how busy support is. Also, this is the perfect place for a quick question like yours.
Verdant Brink is the easiest in my opinion.
Not this.
