Go post the question yourself?
Shut up! Really?
WTF dude!? That movie is totally ruined for me now!
You're completely wrong actually. Doctors use tissue from the gland to make a fully functioning clitorus. Trans women are fully capable of having orgasms after surgery. Go to /r/AskWomen, /r/AskMen, or /r/AskReddit and search for questions about trans people having orgasms and you will find that a majority of them can orgasm.
You can't just drop that fact without elaborating! What were they? What 2 issues were so important to the Church that the Pope had to declare that his opinion was basically the direct voice of god? How does the Pope make an infallible statement? Obviously he doesn't just casually drop it into a random conversation. "Good morning Cardinal #38 how are you? I'm good as well. Also, God decided that Funny Hat #2 would be part of the new uniform. Could you pass that news around for me, thanks." But how much ceremony does an Infallible Statement require?
I would kill to have a game with Skarner, Jakiro, and Geb all together.
It was a perk from Broken Steel.
Get a long ass HDMI cable and turn that TV into a monitor.
Very true. I actually thought you were responding to the $500 computer comment, so I thought the focus was on saving money.
Soap opera effect?
Come on you coward! You can't just tease us with that kind of story and then deny US the schadenfreude(sp?).
Totally sarcasm.
I think you're underestimating the amount of social conditioning guys experience when it comes to fighting women. We don't do it. Ever. If a man comes at us and attacks us it's socially acceptable (encouraged even) to fight back with 100% effort no matter how dangerous the attacker is. But if a woman attacks us we're supposed to either take the hits without relatiation, peacefully descalate the situation, or disarm her if she has a weapon. We are trained since birth to *never* hit a woman in any situation whatsoever, if you do you are the biggest piece of shit. We're also conditioned just as hard to protect women from physical violence. If a woman is being attacked by a man and we don't try to stop it we're an asshole at best, if that woman is our SO we would be better off if we drowned a bag of puppies. So if the poster above pissed off a man to the point where he wanted to fight he would absolutely attack her boyfriend instead of her. Even if he attacked her first her boyfriend would still have to get involved. So it's not unreasonable for him to be worried about her making random drunk guys angry.
No demoninator on the number of hits. 28 out of how many? Researcher failed to keep track of women who were hit. Researcher failed to use a male walker as a control group. 2/10. Flawed methodology, would not fund.
&gt;~~grain~~ pound of salt.
It bugs me that people get the amount of time dilation wrong. At just barely under light speed time slows down by a factor of 7. So if the flash ran for 10 minutes at light speed (from our perspective), he would experience 70 minutes. Granted if he goes faster than light speed (because speedforce), then the writers can make shit up because we're outside physics.
Both of those things sound like reasonable things to do, but I'm extremely suspicious of Republicans messing with election scheduling. They say it's because voter turnout is higher in the fall vs the spring, but Republicans have a long history of screwing with elections to prevent minorities from voting so I'm not putting much trust in that explanation. Having the Secretary of State able to prosecute local and county election fraud instead of the county courts could enable corruption from the state government, but it could also remove corruption from local and county governments.
Your original post earned you a lot of respect from me (a godless liberal), but the more you keep talking the more you're undoing that. In the US conservatives, Republicans, and the far right Christians all go hand in hand when you put any one of them in front of a camera. No, not every single Republican is a conservative Christian, or every Christian a conservative Republican, or every conservative a Republican Christian. But the correlation between those 3 groups is incredibly high. And if you want to stand even a snowball's chance in hell of winning a major election as a Republican, you had better fucking be a conservative Christian as well. Rachel Maddow had nothing to do with the entwining of Republicans and far right Christians, that process has been happening since the 70's and hasn't shown any signs of changing. These days conservatives and Republicans are known as the party of old white racist mysoginists, and their policies reflect that. Just because you don't like it doesn't change reality.
It was an /r/askscience thread about the speed of light and time and someone worked out the equation for the time dilation factor at 99.99999...% of c. They got 7 plus some change and that number has stuck with me since. I assumed it was true because it was the top level comment with a hundred replies that wasn't deleted. I'll see if I can find a more credible source. http://www.phy.olemiss.edu/HEP/QuarkNet/time.html This site works out the math and has a graph showing the time dilation factor as your velocity approaches c. When you get really close to c the time dilation factor increases exponentially up to about 10. So the guy I was quoting must have used a velocity that was slightly lower than c for his calculation.
"This video is not available in your country." What the fuck do you mean it's not available for me to see!? This is the US of goddamn A! We own Youtube!
If by fun you mean he wildly swung between useless and God incarnate with little time inbetween.
It's okay brother, if we can win the arcana vote then Valve will be forced to update Jakiro's model. Unless they go pants on head retarded and make a kickass arcana that just covers the shitty model.
I'm pretty sure that was Moses. Who also lived a really long time, but not on the scale of Noah.
Versus humanity's extinction? Hell yes. Governments can be changes or overthrown. Extinction is permanent.
Yes there are. And there are an even larger number of people who don't actively *hate* women but do actively work to limit their rights for other reasons, usually religious reasons. And that doesn't even account for the societal imbalances that are leftover from when sexism was rampant in our government. The wage gap has been largely closed in most fields, but there is still a distinct lack of women in leadership roles, most STEM fields, and in construction, trade jobs, and manual labor. Both sexes in our society face discrimination and both have problems society doesn't acknowledge, but women easily have it worse in their day to day life.
I'm not a grammar expert, but I've always used "than" as a direct comparison between two distinct things. X is better than Y. "Then" is used to denote time, but also to string together statements in an arguement. If X then Y. In your use "But than" isn't directly comparing being a dick to correcting someone, it's assigning the trait of "being a dick" to someone who corrects others. So it's closer to "if you correct someone's mistake *then* you're a dick", *than* it is to "correcting someone's mistake makes you more of a dick *than* someone who doesnt."
The only thing that prevents NSFW subs from showing on r/all is your own filters. I have the NSFW filter off and I see all kinds of NSFW subs on r/all.
All the other ones don't fuck with Imgur employees. That's the reason they were finally banned, they attacked employees of a site outside reddit. And not just any site, they went after reddit's number one partner.
Hate is a powerful emotion.
I'm not sure if I should up vote you because I'm also glad its gone, or to downvote you for bringing it here.
TLDR: it's not feminism vs mens rights. It's feminism and men's rights working together versus society's fucked up gender stereotypes.
Are you seriously this dense, or are you just deliberately not understanding why this happens? It doesn't matter what kind of logic you apply, upgrading BoT will break the tp channel. Looking at it with a programming view, the game sees that BoT leaves your inventory for a single tick while it's removed and BoT 2 is added. During that tick you will not have any item in your inventory that let's you tp so the game cancels your channel. In the next tick the game adds BoT2 to your inventory. Looking at it with a realistic view, if you want to craft BoT2 then you have to focus on doing whatever magic needs to be done to upgrade your regular BoT to BoT2. You can't channel a spell from an item while also doing construction on that item. So you have to break the tp channel, do the spell to construct BoT2, then use BoT2 to TP.
I don't think AskReddit supports spoiler tags. They're not a reddit wide feature, individual subs have to code them into the CSS.
The coward edited his comment.
Well that's cool.
*slow clap*
In immortal words of Abathur from Starcraft : "Perfection goal that always changes. Can pursue. Cannot obtain."
It's like someone teaching you to whistle. "Just put your lips like *this* and blow."
Thanks! I'm pretty sure I saw some assholes using the wrong form of there/their/they're over in that other thread.
Luckily it's just water so it's won't stain the carpet nearly as bad as wine would.
The TLDR is that reddit's CEO was already very unpopular with the type of people that would sub to FPH. So when a community of 150k people gets shut down by someone they perceive to be hostile to them, they tend to act out. At the same time there are people who don't like when an entire subreddit is banned, it only happens very rarely and usually for legal reasons (jailbait, creepshots, and TheFappening are the only ones I can think of off the top of my head.) So those people don't like that FPH was banned for seemingly political reasons (it wasn't entirely political, the sub itself harassed reddit's biggest parter, Imgur, and it's members rutinely harassed other people outside the sub).
I'm a MRA, I'm also a feminist. I want all victims of DV to be able to get help, I want all rape victims to get justice, I want men to be equally considered as valid parents in custody disputes, and i want women to be considered just as competent as men in every career. And I hate how there is a vocal minority in both groups that thinks the other group is the problem instead of society itself.
So? You had a theory about warg abilities and he provided context for why it was wrong. Just because his information is based off of the books, doesn't mean it's not pertinent for the show. If we're not allowed to use the books to refute show theories then a full half of this subreddit would be downvoted.
So what happened to not allowing discussion of leaked content? Did that policy change or do these leaks not count because it's not video?
Which site?
They already have an official way to filter /r/all. You just need gold to do it.
&gt; too many mods. I... I don't know what you mean. Too... *many*... mods? These words don't make any sense together.
It's not that Riot over buffs or nerfs champions, it's that they've locked themselves into a certain power level for champions and they can't deviate from that without completely changing the game. Valve has no problem with having a hero be able to 1v5 the entire enemy team, it just takes her 50+ minutes of straight farming to get to that level. Everything in Dota is bigger and more extreme, supports with zero items can have spells that do 1000 damage or have cc that lasts for 3,4, or even 5 seconds. Carries can crit the entire enemy team for quadruple digit damage. Initiators are able to flash 3 times as far as in league with a 12 second cd, and then instantly catch the entire team in 3+ sec cc. As long as these things exist in Dota, Valve can do whatever the fuck they want to heros who are struggling to bring them into line. The last 3 patches Valve has done things that when you read it on paper it sounds absolutely broken, but when you a tally use it in conjunction with everything else it seems average. If every hero is able to become godlike powerful, then teams are able to diversify their picks without worrying about picking the absolute best.
I can't believe people fell for that.
Alright, there's some joke or reference here I'm not getting, right?
It's gotten to the point where it's jarring when the characters actually act like mature adults. In season 1 of Arrow I was amazed at how often the characters acted realistically. It gets a little more ridiculous as the series goes on, but it started off really strong in the realistic reaction delartment.
Wasn't she rejected for the role because the script was specifically about a 20ish year old dating an older man? Maggie is definitely beautiful, but she does not look like she's in her 20's.
Oxytocin is one hell of a drug.
I wanted a daughter when my wife and I had our first, and I was initially a little upset when we found out that we were having a boy. But now that I have him, I couldn't imagine it turning out any differently.
Well the Cheif's special ability has always been luck. I always thought of it as an explanation for being able to reload the last checkpoint. But as a part of Blue Team they could have it implemented so enemies are less accurate against him, with either bullets or grenades. Or where the Chief's aim assist is stronger than the other teammates.
RES users should actually click on the link instead of the in-reddit image to understand wtf is going on here.
It's a pretty BIG FUCKING DEAL.... that has had almost no impact on the greater story. So reading that will ruin one of the biggest "Oh Fuck!" moments for the series, but it won't ruin much of the overall story.
Yea, it really wouldn't be hard to add to the show. That character has only had 3 pretty short scenes in the book. The books basically give a brief origin account, and a short summary of what they've been doing. They haven't actually done anything important, everyone's just hyped about the potential.
The TLDR is that Tyrion is Dany and Khal Drogo's son. The actual explanation is... weird.
Seriously, if they don't give him Longclaw it's kind of a slap in the face.
It was also a couple days to weeks before Caitlyn was brought back. With the cold and a much shorter time frame there won't be nearly as much decay.
I haven't looked at that article but I already know what it is simply by the culture name you gave.
I'd imagine very isolated ones. You can't wage war against anyone if resources are abundant and there's no other groups of people near by.
I'm 2 for 2 bitches! Get on my level!
I just want to mention how incredible it is that a large part of the story deals with Kvothe worrying about money and trying to earn it, and Rothfuss somehow makes it captivating to read.
Fuck it. 1 month ago Fallout 4 was just a joke. Who knows, maybe Valve is going to announce HL3 as the very first Steam machine exclusive.
Damn, they missed a perfect opportunity to conduct some long term science. Flip a coin and circumcise only one boy and leave the other intact. Then raise them to be comfortable sharing intimate details of their sex life with you and record the differences between them.
Did they give the release date yet?
Are you seriously comparing Fallout 2 to 3 as an example of Bethesda taking risks? They took another company's IP and turned it into the style of game they excel at. They did absolutely zero risky innovation with that game. They basically made another Elder Scrolls game but made everything brown and added guns.
Dragon Age Inquisition had 6 dialog options or more at a time, on top of having 4 different voices. And they didn't shy away from having the Quiz talk a lot.
&gt;I don't think keeping junk will be a problem. No one is gonna collect every bit of scrap every time they enter a new area. That would be ridiculous. Ha! Just watch me.
Is HotS easier than WoL?
Yea he was an actual badass in the early to mid game. But as soon as you start facing Deathclaws or Super Mutants he just gets destroyed.
Damn, I'm not sure how that would work. I'm just over that height and I'm not sure if I could safely weigh that little. Back when I had no muscle and only a little fat I was still over 200.
No. The entire agnostic vs athiest debate is carried out by idiots who have no idea what those terms mean or how to properly use them. An agnostic doesn't know if a god exists. An atheist doesn't believe that one does. Knowledge =! belief. Saying that you're an agnostic or an atheist isn't giving a complete picture of your stance. You need to include both. I am an agnostic athiest, I don't know if there is a god and I don't believe that one exists. If I was a gnostic athiest then I wouldn't believe in a god and I would know that one doesn't exist. In this example if a god suddenly appeared then all of the agnostic atheists would suddenly have proof of a god and become believers (not necessarily worshippers though). All of the gnostic atheists would be pissed because something that they *knew* was true was proven to be false.
What, you wouldn't immediately become a member of the Church of ElSaborAsiatico? Heretic.
I think you should stop reading the lore of The Elder Scrolls. That tends to drive people to insanity after a while.
It's not called a TIFU for nothing.
Exactly. You *have* to actively enforce your trademark or else you run the risk of losing it. This is the source of the Bethesda vs Mojang lawsuit over the word "Scrolls".
I'm pretty sure it's the cholesterol that's the issue, not the calories. Those 70 calories are also 60% of your daily cholesterol. If you're trying to lower it, then you've already gone over your limit for that day.
Back the fuck up. Are you telling me that if I'm trying lower my cholesterol levels then lowering the amount of cholesterol I eat isn't the right way to go about it? So it's just fats that increase cholesterol levels?
Did you see the one where the guy misspelled giraffes? He had like -5000 and the most hilarious edits I've ever seen. /u/karmanaut has the record for most downvoted I think, he got around -8000 for the comment explaining why he removed the fake Bad Luck Brian AMA.
Nothing. The entire premise of the show is that he's a serial killer who works for CSI.
How would you get Sandstorm up before you died? If you use it on your first move then you won't be able to use endeavor before they kill you at the beginning of the second turn.
I just want to point out that I love how you're casually acknowledging that -40F and -40C are the exact same thing.
...You clearly didn't watch the latest season of GoT if you think that's true. MASSIVE FUCKING SPOILERS FOR GAME OF THRONES SEASON 5 BELOW THIS GIANT WALL OF TEXT BECAUSE I'M TOO LAZY TO SEE IF THIS SUB HAS THE CSS FOR SPOILER TAGS. This season had the least, most balanced nudity out of the entire show. There's a sex scene with Ramsay and Mryanda, that Sand Snake flashed Bronn to get his heart rate up for the poison to start working, and then Cersei's walk had her naked the entire time as well as several people from the crowd taunting her by exposing themselves. So this season had 5 naked women and 3 naked men, and 2 of those men were full frontal penis shots. There isn't a whole lot of room for improvement here. They could have cut out the Sand Snake scene because was rather gratuitous, but the other 2 scenes had actual plot reasons for happening and they were balanced in their nudity.
Which isn't wrong. Even letting them channel at all was being generous. "Oh you draw your power from the One Source? Too bad that doesn't exist here."
That's the spirit!
In this case Rand's magic shouldn't have worked at all. In Westerns there is no Creator and thus no One Source to channel from. It doesn't matter how badass of a water mill you have if the river doesn't exist.
When the fuck did that happen?
That's the Seanchan queen/princess lady right? I remember reading that and thinking how fucked up it was.
Jesus christ dude...
What's the age cut off where a child can keep their parents in the dark about doctor's visits? Is it just as soon as they can get themselves to the doctor's office or is there a specific age where you need the child's permission to tell the parents?
I have no idea if you're telling the truth or just bullshitting us, but you used just enough medical terms to make it sound legit without using any obviously fake ones... So have an upvote.
Man can you imagine the absolute shit show Fox News would have with this if this happened to Obama?
It kind of does. I love this country, but it has a thousand different embarrassing problems that we somehow haven't managed to fixed. We're pretty damn great, but we're not as great as we could be.
Son of a bitch...
Yea, depending on the game I'll tolerate a mild fps drop if it means the graphics will be a lot better. Unless I'm playing Dota in which case I'll drop that shit to potato quality if my fps drops even a smidge.
Sacrifices must be made.
Your family is terrible at nicknames. Just calling him Tripod is good enough, Tripod Pod is just redundant and sounds weird.
