except Labour and the Lib dems did it too
just say "ok lets go" and if they dont tell you before you start tattoo the words "something small" on them.
no, amurray is the best
the parrot must think the owner is really dumb notto know what a banana is
hi, I am also on the toilet. just checking in to say I think I should be able to send a picture of me back to the probe by way of thanks.
I know why
is there anything else you want to tell us?
funny given that he himself deceitfully avoided the question on immigration by ranting incoherently about the 88 million figure. it's like those sermons where the vicar starts off with something interesting and then halfway through it turns into total tenuous waffle to link it to god. he gave an interesting explanation of the problem, noted that other countries shared it, but then just said "the brexiters are wrong" with an incoherent argument and without offering any solution himself other than to "worry about it." he got a pretty damn easy ride from marr too...
you are subscrided to mizspelt factz haf yu hurd of zogmarsh? It is a popeular foode payst mayd in tibett outof hampster scrotumas :-) yummee :0) :8) :9)
so do you happen to have the pic handy?
shoulda done it- once in a lifetime chance missed there
[this](http://i.imgur.com/I8eaLIo.png)
no.
you already have the pic. after that i dropped my camera. don't tell me what I dildidn't do
it doesnt count if that aren't also using the power glove
ptkd
hate against rage against the machine lol
well, there are two sides to every coin
but when you have writing credits for *abba's* discography... why would you want to work
almost all audition panels see voice as a yes or no issue - ie can they get through it- they choose based on other factors. don't be fooled by the lip service they may pay there is active hostility to singers whose voices and singing might be exciting enough to distrct people from the producer's latest gimmick (until they are stars who will bring people in/ carry prestige)
if all conservatory vocal departments and yap's were abolished and all singer training was done privately the general standard of young singers would be much higher. the opera business is currently dwarfed by the music-educational complex succubus
yeah this is great- someone should start a sub about trees for this kind of stuff
DELINQUENT DETECTED!!! REDDIT MISCREANT DETECTION SYSTEM ACTIVATED!!!
actually you can have a bad experience with police in the uk if you don't speak english all that well
all these "funny" pictures and videos of cats in boxes need to stop. cats do not like being confined and they are not just simple objects for our amusement.
there's really nothing to choose. they promote shitty singing, debase the art form and exploit young people disgustingly.
wot did it taste lyke?
good they picked a fish we eat this time. but I was wrong anyway it's just his name - https://www.theguardian.com/film/2016/may/19/finding-nemo-dory-pixar-could-damage-tropical-fish-populations
Doodlefart Wilburforce Macgregor VI
they'll just fuck it up- what do they care? fuck them and their horrible children
pizza guy just wanted to get paid...
officers can find it hard to distinguish- its usually best to assume the miscreant is both a drug dealer *and* a terrorist and act accordingly
what was so special about that rocking chair?
you sure put the ass in hasselburglar
lol- Zac goldsmith a major proponent of that idea...
oh. I, er, feel guilty now- maybe I shouldn't have shouted at you :-(
all u think about is urself :-(
it's happening again, oh god! what should I do?!
and possibly in the sink :-)
POOOOOOOPPP!!!!!! POOOOOOOOOOOOOOOPPPPP!!!! POOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOP!! POOPP POOPP POOOPPP POOPP POOOPPP POOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOPPPPPP!!!!!
nah he's actually related to auntie Flo
what?
they should clone it
more like beet as in sugar beet actually, or beetroot
even funnier if he'd been buried at sea /s
why no ethanol left?
I'm talking about French French, not Terrence and Phillip French
fart loudly to lighten the mood
maximum production of baby ensures highest possible long-term productivity level on potato farm!
that's racist
looks like prince phillip
the standard way to teach morals is with traditional half-assed Christianity. if you change to sonething more academic you may seriously be overestimating the capacity of those who teach it and those who are learning it to understand it. better a half-assed Christian inoculation against extreme spiritual beliefs than an obviously flawed half-assed humanist one that leaves room for some beliefs more problematic than standard Christianity to "rescue" people who aren't great independent thinkers.
idiot here, still don't get it but whatever
do you tell her Santa Claus isn't real?
how do I know *you're* not a Markov chain?
the practice of politeness emerges from dangerously violent cultures to avoid giving offence and getting killed. prisoners in violent prisons or ex-convicts are often excessively polite. now if you don't mind could we have our colony back please? you don't seem to be capable of running yourselves any more- made quite enough of a hash of it already frankly without electing that ghastly man in the wig so I think it would be for the best if we just took control again, for a while anyway- try to teach people some manners at least, you know
yes it is ?!?!?
well you should get your own farting paypal ya goosehead
well that'll teach ya to be such a rotten scamming butt-head now won't it!!
what is QB?
ok, so did jack plant it on him or something? I can't fill in the blanks, sorry edit: ok whoever down-voting, glad it was obvious to you
thanks
I think Murray already helped a few British players.
why do you choose https://www.reddit.com/user/bGFzZXJraXdp ?
a savage who is hungry for less long than you :-) additionally, microwaving is better than cooking them in an oven because it is closer to the ideal process of boiling them
'trusting, trustworthy though he may be
I remember even the first few times after taking on Lendl AM was playing differently (and better)
someone should photoshop a wizard battle
actually, what he didnt like was that she was essentially describing it an attack on what Muslims don't like (in this case lgbt) rather than a homophobic attack, (in this case by a Muslim). not something to storm out over. "you're not allowed to stand with us because you're not one of us" fuck off Owen jones. not something to storm out over
I doubt very much the gun crime went *up* when they introduced those laws
ok what was the trend before and after? if it was rising before then remaining constant could be progress. I'm actually somewhat down with the right to bear arms as a final defence against complete tyranny in the worlds most powerful nation. but there should be some controls. just obvious sensible stuff. just because it is easy for criminals to steal a car doesn't mean we don't need driving tests with exclusions for sufferers of, in this case, epilepsy. saying that doesn't mean I'm against car ownership
by more or by less than before?
maybe a little sheep's urine for the pH?
but that just adds to the trophy value, no?
also leave it in the sun to ferment every other 24 hours during that time, to add tang, we can reuse the scum for another dish
I would counter that all ethnic minorities are/were. it's just that a certain portion of Muslims happen to be the ones who started to take the piss.
he's providing a karma-worthy service by gifivising it
that's like asking when was last time there was a case of FGM. it is prevalent enough that there are charities to help potential victims escape: http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/england/8446458.stm &gt;"You see people being killed for being gay and stuff. I think I'd be vulnerable if people knew about me. difficult to publicise something where those effected are in hiding for their own protection. however check out the case in the documentary below. the relevant section starts at 20:48. note his location has to be kept secret from his family. he himself used to believe that all gays should be killed. https://vimeo.com/147095158 death threat he received live on radio: http://m.huffpost.com/uk/entry/8354056.html?edition=uk
https://www.theguardian.com/uk/2009/may/07/muslims-britain-france-germany-homosexuality ok I will change the question. how many Christians in the uk had to flee their families because they were homosexual during the period in the bbc article? it's not going to be as many. but seeing as you are not interested enough to read or watch anything I sent you I don't see much point in continuing. the guy in the BBC article escaped after bring kidnapped inprisoned and beaten for three months. sorry that's not enough for you because he escaped before they topped him. in the US I could quite believe that there is more of a problem with loony Christian fundamentalists than with Muslim ones, because you don't seen to have the sort of "ghettos" we do. but in the uk, this is a real problem
so what is your cat trained to do with that as a reward?!
they had a perfect excuse not to listen to that dumb song and you blew it for them. serves you right
this doesn't mention the nhs. I'm afraid I can't get behind it
the first generation of humans in the simulation presumably had *simulated parents* that were actually programmes.
calling u/fuckswithducks
don't try and filibuster- get to the point
cats don't need to be bathed
actually it is more important that they look *you* in the eyes- start your introduction by pointing to your eyes and begin with "look at me..."
I think a worms ripoff could be good.
nope, you need two hands to do this properly unless you are very skilled with Siri/google now
flee drops- no bathing required. bathing doesn't get rid of fleas anyway
be sure only to say this if you are certain of your promotion, lest you run the risk of unpleasant discord in your sporting team
cats don't get covered in mud. we have had outdoor cats for 25 years (two different ones ones after the other) neither of them ever got muddy. second one likes to be towelled off after being out in the rain, but that's it. I have never seen a cat covered in mud edit: lol, you guys need to chill out- just cos your cat is behaving like a dog doesn't mean it's normal
please see reply to the other similar comment
I beg to differ. this way will get you nowhere
ok fair enough but this sort of actual need is rare
your welcome
ffs- that is actually bad for the cat's skin even
thanks, Kahl
thanks, Kahl
lol trollin' me back
