True. I am willing to trade [my car]( http://i.imgur.com/MBJPV1n.jpg) , [my dog]( http://i.imgur.com/VzcTgeD.jpg) , and a couple [Heady Toppers]( http://i.imgur.com/Z8ibGqL.jpg) for a beat up M5. This should happen soon, because I'm moving to Texas.
Probably time for a new keyboard. Easy to replace, but a bit time consuming. You can buy a new OEM keyboard on EBay for around $30.00. Great instructions on iFixit.
Why not? It's 100x cheaper, and very easy to do. Anyone who can follow simple directions, and turn a screwdriver is golden.
So it seems there are only two animals that won't kill you in Australia. I long suspected this.
I did it twice, and it took around an hour. Cost $30.00.
Yes, it is that easy. There are several detailed videos on YouTube, and a thorough guide on iFixit. Not sure why others are saying it makes more sense to pay a ton of money, (and time) to have someone else do it.
[Looks like factory M-Sport.](http://i.imgur.com/WMZLvym.jpg)
Do this, OP.
http://powerflexusa.com/9-51998-2010ys3e.aspx It's a DIY job with a few tools. A puller helps, but a blowtorch can melt out the old bushings if they get too stubborn.
Not from personal experience. Check the 9-5 sections of Saabcentral.com and Saablink.net. I owned a bunch of c900s and a 9000.
Top Gun
You're right. If you read the Wired article, that's what he says.
Figured someone would say something like this. Take an upvote.
I was at work making wine labels, and it was too loud to hear anything, so I broke tradition and read an article.
Once the machine starts, I'm a slave to it... waiting around to do my work.
Fucking sea-turtles. Yat-yas
They just want your money.
Good judgment comes from experience; experience comes from bad judgment.
Will be neat to see how this effects IC engines in 20 years.
Is this the 30mm gun that was going on the cancelled EFV (previously AAAV)?
How opposed are you to stepping back a few model years and trying out an E39 540i M-Sport or even an M5?
Mechanically its a more analog driving experience. As far as maintenance, I'm not a good source of info... I've never owned one. There are quite a few folks here that can answer that question though.
uBlock Origine is pretty good at dealing with this. I didn't see any pop-ups on the site.
Depending on the condition of the rest of the car, it may cost more than the vehicle is worth. Also, there could be more damage than OP's pictures show. Looks like the subframe tore out chunks of the unibody. OP could probably make a bit of $$$ by parting it out, but not everyone has the time/space/experience for that.
I'd rather have a dog than a staph infection.
Time = money.
Every brewery is worth checking out. There's not a lot in ILM, so it should be pretty easy to find something you like.
There was a core group of 8-10 of us who stayed together for 3.5+ years in the USMC from 2002-2006. It's smarter to keep people together if you can.
One might say....
Looks good. It was hard to tell on my phone earlier today, but now that I can see it on a larger screen I like it.
wife* I'll take it though.
They should put a mid-90's Saab engine in it... either a B234R, or a B202T. That would be fun.
Thanks mom, but it turned out OK.
There were at least seven or eight beers for sale while I was there. And we became good buddies with the civilians there. They could go to the international airport whenever they wanted, and would get us handles of whatever hard liquor we wanted at the duty-free there.
Fuck this hipster crap. Go here and get a real sweatshirt, with a [lifetime warranty](http://www.duluthtrading.com/store/dtc-shared/customer-service/satisfaction-guarantee/no-bull-guarantee.aspx). http://www.duluthtrading.com/store/mens/mens-shirts/mens-sweatshirts/mens-sweatshirts.aspx
I laughed. Upboat for you.
Everything tasted great.
True story... while we were sitting there, a bee landed on my thumb. http://i.imgur.com/dhxzFVb.jpg
less blur http://i.imgur.com/xywnK2g.jpg
Yes to all that. The front of her head was blasted, in the worst possible way. She sounded as bad as Stannis's Baratheon's kid the other night.
Three beeps at startup is RAM. It could be a failing logic board, which might include your model in the repair program.
You think it's the HP, but it's really the TQ. Really comes alive after 2250rpms.
Still there. Absolutely massive.
Whats with all the hate?
Thanks for the reply. Nothing like a bunch of sober SJWs getting all jealous and nervous at the sight of boobs. tl;dr... fedoras everywhere
Correct. The VT site has an outdoor patio, a firepit with chairs, and a newer beer garden with picnic tables and a small bar of its own with a few taps.
Not sure, I just got beer, but I would assume so.
Salty 49er fans, mixed with the road-salt crumbling off of Ohio St. fans.
That's because it's a weird type of English that's spoken by locals in Wilmington.
Seems silly, is all. Whatever, I'm just going to kiss my wife even harder the next time I see her.
It's basically a product of the "want what you can't have" mindset. It's pretty hard to find, even in the Bay Area, let alone by beer lovers anywhere else in the USA. I think it's a really good beer, as well, and agree that it probably doesn't deserve as much hype as it gets anymore. I'll still buy it/drink it every week, and try out new brews the other six days. I brought some Heady Topper cans back from a trip to NH/VT not too long ago, and gave one to a co-worker who is a huge Pliny fan. He shared the can of Heady with four or five of his friends, and they really enjoyed trying out some other top-level (over-hyped, or not... ) beer. I'm moving away from California in a few months and know that I'll miss having easy access to Pliny. It may not be the best in absolute terms, but it's much better than most stuff, and I like it.
beerporn It's a light-hearted sub. Should be about having fun, and not you personally getting offended because a great view spoiled your nerd-addiction to adult beverages.
It's not up to me, or anyone else, to make your world all comfy and cozy. If you don't like the content, then close the tab and move on.
My wife brought me some Prairie bottles back from a work trip, and boy, was I pleasantly surprised.
Thanks.
North of Santa Cruz.
Wish I could help you out. I lived in the western part of the state, away from the Masshole influence. I bet you could find some spots north of you, in the less populated areas. Google local gun clubs, and/or shooting forums, and ask around there.
Is anyone getting the OTA yet? It's 0712 here in Oakland, CA, and I'm still on 4.4.4.
Hmm. Ok, thanks for the reply. Back to the waiting game. Maybe it'll fall in our laps at 2359.
I wish they had manufactured the 17" wheels.
Been lightly raining in Oakland since before sunup. Of course, this means that its complete Armageddon on the roads.
Is it an M5-only issue, or are 540is also affected? I haven't heard of this before. Now I'm curious/worried.
Because Ruger's foundry (Pine Tree Castings) was probably manufacturing parts for Kel-Tec, and didn't want to lose a supplier.
Depends on what your power goals are. A Viggen intercooler might be large enough for you, or you may need a big ETS IC.
PTC makes parts for a lot of other companies. Think about how many foundries there are... I interned there for a fun summer and saw a lot of neat stuff pass through.
Adding RAM will help, and won't break the bank too much. What version of OSX are you running? How cluttered is your Desktop? How old is your HDD? How full is your HDD? Last time you had a clean install of OSX? FWIW my wife has a 2010 MBP w/4gb RAM, and it bogs down too. I occasionally Repair Disk permissions and run CCleaner and DR. Cleaner on her machine for a temporary fix. She'll need to max out the RAM and install a SSD to extend the useful life of her machine.
Traffic?
One of the more fun short-films ever: http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=b5eoNyWUz8I
VT.
...from the guy with the Opel.
My sister did it in my dad's old autobox Ford Ranger. When she shifted from D to N she kept going into R, and locked up the rear-end. Luckily she got it out of R before the ass-end spun around.
You realize that a 2001 9-3 is just an updated ng900? Which shared its chassis with the Opel Vectra...
From an enthusiast standpoint, get the '95 900T. It has the best, most robust, engine. It's the lightest, and has the stiffest chassis. Basically any T5 car &gt; T7 car.
It's missing the white flag hanging down from it.
The free kind.
Thanks for the info. That's neat.
Military Arms Channel did a nice review of an AR-180. Congrats on your unicorn wrangling.
What line of work are you in? Seems like a lot of Kevlar for stateside. But to be fair, folks will drop $200,000 on a super-car that will never see a track or traffic.
Thanks for explaining.
I doubt you have regrets at this point. Nice .45.
It's a hard life, but we endure.
Thank you.
Nice picture. Something something.... Rule of thirds.
Should have cross-steered. YAT-YAS
Looks great. Similar to this old thing. http://imgur.com/NSCsDdL
...then, who are you?
The last 29 of 30 pages... or just the last 29 pages? There's a lot of redaction to scroll past. Oh, fuck you for the bullshit.
They talk about themselves for more than 12 seconds straight.
Mine works fine.
Nailed it.
They're supposed to be solid. The handful of online reviews I've watched have been positive.
When you spend all your time at the mall, or on a benchrest.
2x
You're Starbucks looks pretty ghetto.
It looks like you'll be paying a lot, as much as the car is worth, to have that fixed. The unibody and shock tower mounts are possibly bent, or cracked, and that means you'd need some serious frame alignment work done. Hopefully you just have a bent axle and broken trailing arms. Those can be bought 2nd-hand at a salvage yard. Is your wheel bent or cracked? Are the brake lines leaking?
How does the other side look? What about under the car?
I didn't think you needed full coverage to get a car totaled out by an insurance company. Pretty sure you need insurance in CA.
Well, you mean the group that took over the failing company that Bill Ruger, Jr. drove into the ground. But yes, Ruger is doing better now.
Yes. I was there for a short time, after the new management group took over. It was rocky for the first couple years, but they're doing much better now.
On my old 9000 I'd let the engine get up to temp (nice and warm); go for a 30 min. drive first. Then I'd spray the engine with the car running. The grime would come off easier, and the hit engine bay would evaporate the water. Don't aim at electrical connections or tiny seals, and you'll be fine. Once you're done, go for another 10-15 minute drive to dry things out.
