Looks good. The book is excellent.
If I'd known there was going to be a TV adaptation I would have bet by house that Peter Mullen would be involved. Wonder where it was filmed. Reading the book it always struck me as a combination of Inverness and Stonehaven.
Googled it: Macduff apparently.
No, me fucking myself didn't happen either.
Meow
&gt; anything to make the Scots sound like nutters egh? &gt; They could at least put a winky face up so we know they are joking. To be fair you do sound like a nutter here.
It's only £50k. It's not breaking the bank.
&gt;Scotland is in the EU. No it isn't. The UK is.
Why does it seem that way to you?
Its not that hot. Stop whinging.
No.
Perhaps, the two best players in the draw took each other to 5 sets and finished on Saturday. Meanwhile Stan has an easy match up against Tsonga and a full days rest.
The Tories have a mandate to govern the UK in It's entirety. The SNP had their chance to govern Scotland independently and they lost it. So no, the SNP do not have a mandate in this instance.
&gt;But Westminster isn't the only parliament in the UK any more. What that means is the Tories can't act as if it's 1979 and impose policies on Scotland that we clearly do not want. Actually they can.
Bizarre? I'm just taking your logic to its natural conclusion. Your argument was that wealthy people should get free prescriptions because they paid their taxes. Now your shifting the goal posts and saying it's because they're ill. So let's take winter fuel allowance. I need to heat my home just as much as the elderly and I pay my taxes, so why shouldn't I receive it? You'll say it's because I'm not elderly, and in doing so you've added another condition. It's not enough that I need to heat my home, I need to be elderly too. That's no different to me saying it shouldn't be enough just to be ill to receive free prescriptions, you should be in financial need too.
&gt;How many wealthy people do you think are getting prescriptions that they don't need? Is this a big problem, or a problem at all? What? I'm not suggesting they're getting prescriptions they don't need I'm suggesting they're getting prescriptions they can afford to pay for themselves. Money that could be better spent on pioneering cancer treatments for example is instead being divided into tiny sums to subsidise hemorrhoid cream for people who can well afford it.
I'm not convinced it is cheaper.
&gt;I said that you should not exclude people who pay their taxes from those who do not so everybody is equal. That is not what you said. What you said is that rich people deserved free prescriptions because they have paid taxes into the system. You said *"You expect these people to pay into the system but then they get absolutely nothing out despite paying the most?"* *"The less wealthy get free prescriptions, those who pay their taxes should too."* Whether or not you get free prescriptions should have nothing to do with how much tax you have paid. Just like winter fuel allowance, or job seekers allowance or all the other benefits I mentioned.
Yes I'd rather we spent money on red tape if it means freeing up a larger sum for important medical causes.
&gt;You're advocating bureaucracy for the sake of bureaucracy. No, I'm very clearly advocating bureaucracy for the sake of freeing up funds for more important medical treatments. If you want to argue that's not financially viable I'd love to see the data.
&gt;Again you are not actually addressing the fact that the wealthy do get ill as well. I'm not addressing it because it's irrelevant. You argued that the wealthy should get free prescriptions because they paid taxes. I'm arguing free prescriptions should not be based on how much tax you've paid.
No you *literally* said that the fact they paid their taxes was why they should also get free prescriptions. **"those who pay their taxes should too."** Free prescriptions should be awarded on the basis of financial need. Not taxes paid.
Where did you get the idea I was suggesting the rich would get prescriptions for no good reason?
The UK doesn't need to address the volatility of oil revenue. It's economy is big enough that the volatility isn't an issue. It was an independent Scotland that was under enormous risk from oil volatility. To the tune of 15% of its annual budget. The SNP did nothing to address that. The oil fund they proposed was pie in the sky. They were already spending the oil revenues to finance their annual budget, there wasn't going to be any left over for an oil fund.
Because that is not the problem that people are talking about when they talk about the volatility of oil, and it's not what an oil fund is set up for. The volatility of oil revenue is a problem because in a country like an independent Scotland where oil revenues pay for 15% of the annual budget, that budget can fluctuate wildly. Which means some years you can't pay for all your spending commitments. That's what an oil fund is for. You pay the oil revenues into that and then take out a consistent sum each year. It smooths out the flow. Oil revenues make up less than 1% of the UKs budget so it isn't subject to the same volatility and doesn't need an oil fund.
Oil and gas is *not* a "big part of UK revenue". It is a small part. Small enough that the volatility of oil prices has no spending implications for the UK government. An independent Scotland on the other hand would have to plug a massive hole in its budget. That is the difference.
Your question was related to an independent Scotland because you *responded to me* in a discussion I was having about why the UK didn't need an oil fund and an independent Scotland might. I've explained that to you now and you're trying to change the subject. I didn't say the oil industry was irrelevant to the UK I said it was small in a UK context. Stop taking everything so emotionally.
There's nothing subjective about what I'm saying. It's simple maths. The UK doesn't need an oil fund for the reasons I've explained previously.
It's entirely a question of semantics. You call Scotland a country and believe it is entitled to some electoral privileges. You don't call Shetland a country so you don't believe they're entitled to the same. Semantics.
It's semantics because you're concerned with the definition of the word country.
&gt;but there is a border between Scotland and rUK. They are separate. The "border" between Scotland and rUK isn't anymore real than the border between Shetland and Scotland. Neither exist in any real sense.
Yes. Shetland council. That's it. It doesn't matter because none of the things you mentioned make any difference to the legitimacy of a border. You are using your own definition of country and border and seem to be confused that those definitions don't hold any persuasive merit. It's just semantics.
&gt;it would be having input on foreign policy where it affects Scotland. If she wants input she can pick up the phone to DC. She doesn't need to be at the negotiating table.
&gt;Doesn't change the fact that that sovereignty is recognized independently from English sovereignty. You have misunderstood. It isn't.
Strange as Texas was an independent country more recently than Scotland was.
What was the difference?
No.
&gt;I know that Scotland never ceased to be a country (though it did cease to be a sovereign state). You don't know that because that is not an objectively true statement because you're using your own personal definition of "country". &gt;Semantics is literally about the meaning of words. If the meaning of words doesn't matter to you, It's not that the meaning of the word doesn't matter to me, it's that the meaning of the word doesn't matter constitutionally or legally. It is meaningless. &gt;Scotland doesn't have any "special status" over Yorkshire? Not in this context. Scotland doesn't have any special status with regards to EU negotiations over Yorkshire. You want it to because "Scotland is a country". But it doesn't.
Show me one of those definitions that doesn't also apply to Texas, or Yorkshire for that matter.
Yes there are secessionist movements in Texas just like Scotland and Yorkshire has a very strong sense of identity. I'm not arguing that my definition of country is right and yours is wrong. I'm arguing that the definition is irrelevant. Whatever status you think being a "country" confers doesn't exist in any real sense. It's just semantics.
The British constitution is formed of multiple *legal* documents. The claim of right has no legal or constitutional force whatsoever.
I don't keep avoiding anything. I've read back through your comments and you didn't ask me for my definition of country once. The answer is I don't have one definition of country. One definition doesn't exist. It depends on the context.
Asking me to google something isn't the same as asking my definition. But if I must; country (ˈkʌntrɪ) n, pl -tries 1. (Human Geography) a territory distinguished by its people, culture, language, geography, etc **2. (Government, Politics &amp; Diplomacy) an area of land distinguished by its political autonomy; state** Collins English Dictionary – Complete and Unabridged © HarperCollins Publishers 1991, 1994, 1998, 2000, 2003 There's a definition of "country" Scotland doesn't fulfil. What a pointless exercise that was. Although I'd reiterate my original point that the definition is irrelevant.
There are no career politicians in the SNP of course. The SNP is special.
You don't need young people to outnumber the over-50s. Neither group is s block vote. You need enough young people to vote to make ignoring them too risky an electoral strategy.
Some people are going to be really cheesed off about this.
Guy tried to sell me a jacket outside the Windsor Buffet once. I suspected it might have been stolen because he was carrying it in a bin bag. So I declined. He was *incredulous*. "EH?! YOU DONT EVEN WANT TO TRY IT ON?!"
Is that Rush? Is it still called that?
They have busy diaries. Look it up.
That's a different argument to complaining about the cost.
Sure but is it a reasoned principle in the first place? From my perspective the royals are fantastic at what they do and a valuable institution.
None of this is true. Holyrood Palace is part of the crown estate and is not on loan.
The state only funds working royals performing official duties. Prince Charles travel bill isn't paying for his holidays, it's paying for official engagements which are often organised by the UK government. The cost of the royal family in its entirety is probably less than some single heads of state. The cost is divided amongst multiple people because for various reasons, not least the Queen being 89, she can't do them all herself.
We also have a single head of state; The Queen. The fact that she shares some of her duties, because she's 89, with other members of the royal household doesn't mean we're paying for multiple heads of state.
I'd be surprised if it was as low as 2.5m but it shouldn't necessarily come as a surprise that the Irish head of state costs less than the British one. It's a smaller role after all. Who says Prince Charles doesn't know "what the fuck he is talking about" he's a very experienced diplomat, which is exactly what that role entails. Not sure why you think that gives off a bad impression or why a different individual would give off a different one.
&gt;I mean the Queen is probably one of the highest paid HoS in the world Based on what?
Are you kidding? £40m doesn't refer to the Queens salary, it's the total budget spent on the Queen in exercising her royal duties. It includes the salaries and travel expenses of the entire office. You can't compare it with the US presidents salary. You'd need to compare it to the comparable operating costs of the White House.
So what numbers are you comparing then to get the idea that the Queen is probably the most expensive Head of State in the world?
Because you need someone to exercise the functions of a head of state. That can be the Queen or it can be someone else. But you're still going to have to pay for it.
We do not have two. The Prime Minister is the Head of Government not the Head of State. In the UK the Head of State exercises a primarily diplomatic role. It's a significant undertaking and not something that the Prime Minister can perform at the same time as his current role. You will need to pay for someone else to do it. That can be the Queen or it can be someone else. But you still need to pay for it.
As opposed to?
Well judging by the fact you judge a-levels to be the key indicator of someone's suitability for a diplomatic role I'd imagine it's not very much. I didn't say trade was about 'old boys' networking. I said it was about networking. Don't put words in my mouth. And whether you care to admit it or not networking is exactly what trade is about and people are flattered to be introduced to a royal. Such is the way the world works. Why don't we have a permanent royal in Paris or Berlin? Why would we need a permanent royal presence there? We didn't spend 450'000 on a trip to a Cornish pasty. Prince Charles attended a state visit to Mexico at the request of both respective governments. Pointing to one isolated part of the itinerary and trying to characterise that as the whole reason for the trip is just stupid.
The sovereign grant doesn't pay for the upkeep of the "royal lifestyle." It pays exclusively for the official functions of the Queen and where applicable the Duke of Edinburgh and their staff. And it is not an educated guess. You aren't educated on the figures. You've pulled out the salaries of the U.S. President, Canadian and British PMs and guessed the Queen has a higher "salary". That is not an educated guess.
They don't. They also have heads of state that perform the same function as the Queen. In countries where the head of state has more political power e.g the United States you have extra people to share some of the burden that comes with running the government.
&gt;other HoS don't live in palaces which it up keeps and the staff which they'd spend money on without their de facto pay. That's the lifestyle. What? Of course they do. What do you think the White House is? What do you think the Élysées Palace (France) is? What do you think the Bellevue Palace (Germany) is? Do you think other countries heads of state live in tents or something?
What's the difference in scale? You don't have a clue you're just guessing. A minute ago you were saying other Heads of State didn't live in palaces or have staff at all.
It was a diplomatic mission. Not a trade delegation.
Yeh and we split the function and it works too. We don't have "another layer" with royalty. We have the same layers as other countries. We have a head of state and a head of government. I'm not sure why this is hard for you to follow.
Write a letter to the foreign office of it offends you. You're obviously such an expert on international diplomacy.
It doesn't need to be royalty. It can be anyone. But that role still costs money. So your idea that scrapping the monarchy would leave us with loads of cash to spend is naive. Republics still spend millions on the head of state. Look at the official residences for the French and German heads of state. It sounds like you have this daft notion that the UK is somehow spending inorbitant amounts of money on the royal family when really we're just spending an ordinary amount of money for a head of state.
&gt;I don't think anyone expected a town the size of Paisley to be the difference between ending the Union with England and continuing it. It wasn't. Paisley has a population of 75'000. Yes lost by 400'000 votes.
Did you feel my 3 word post didn't fully explore the housing crisis and explore the nuances of both sides of the debate?
The Crown Estate dates back to William the Conqueror. Not 1961. You've underestimated the age of the crown estate by about 900 years. Sounds like you're the one that needs to learn their history.
Something paying for 15% of your annual budget is not a bonus. It is fundamental. Saying our GDP per capita is "99% of the UK's without oil" is a meaningless attempt to distract attention. It's like saying our GDP per capita is 400% of Ethiopia's without oil. So what? Ethiopia doesn't spend as much as we do per capita.
Emotive advertising works better than rational stuff. John Lewis have been doing this for years and now every major retailer/supermarket/bank/bread/butter is trying to do it. Not everyone is as good at it though which is why you have Nationwide (who do their advertising in-house) writing nauseating scripts about a guy losing his scarf.
Plot twist. The new lloyds ad and John Lewis are done by the same people.
Sure, but that's not a trick. People aren't falling for something. Nobody is being deceived into buying a toaster from John Lewis.
How is it manipulative? Are film writers and song writers manipulating you by writing films and songs you enjoy?
How are they anymore sincere? They're ultimately doing it to earn a living too mostly. There's very little difference.
Manipulation is negative. But there's nothing manipulative about showing someone a nice film because you think they might like it and like you more for showing them, which is what advertising is ultimately.
&gt;Decades of pissing oil money away to prop up the London housing market instead of creating a sovereign wealth fund will do that to a country Why would the UK, a country where oil accounts for less than 1% of GDP need an oil fund?
It's not barely legal. It is completely legal. Advertising is heavily regulated. What you see on TV reflects that and is an ordinary function of a capitalist democracy. There is nothing wrong with people trying to sell their stuff.
I doubt that. Who watches advertising and doesn't understand that they are being sold to? I think you're massively overestimating the psychological trickery involved and massively underestimating the intelligence of the audience. Most of the time ad agencies just want to create cool shit and hope people like it.
Looks like he touched a nerve.
It's not propaganda though is it? Sounds like you're a little touchy that Nicola Sturgeon was a brief target.
Propaganda for what?
Absolutely.
She was stressing the need to focus on other revelations rather than allowing them to be lot in a sea of cheap pig gags whilst herself making cheap pig gags. It was a skit on political hypocrisy and because it featured Nicola Sturgeon you've gone off the deep end and accused the whole thing of being "propaganda".
That doesn't make it invalid. She doesn't stop being a hypocrite for encouraging people not to be distracted with cheap pig gags because she made her cheap pig gag a couple of weeks later. The skit is about political hypocrisy. It is not a "naked attempt to discredit the SNP". Calm yourself down.
She can make a wee ham joke if she likes. You're probably right and she thought a little hypocrisy was a price worth paying for the headlines it would have generated. But it's still hypocrisy and she's fair game for anyone pointing it out. And you are being touchy because it's an SNP figure. If it was a politician from another party being used as an example of political hypocrisy instead of Sturgeon then you wouldn't have batted an eyelid.
She said it was wrong that a series of ham jokes might get in the way of scrutiny of the real issues and then makes a very public ham joke. So she's a hypocrite. And you're wound up because you don't like some gentle piss-taking of a politician you support.
No. I didn't say anything about promises. I said the SNP's entire vision of an independent Scotland was predicated on a high oil price. I knew they couldn't promise a high oil price which is why I knew their vision of an independent Scotland was unfeasible. I was pretty vocal about that at the time.
No idea what point you were trying to make there.
That still makes absolutely no sense.
It's not ludicrous whilst you continue to sell x whilst y had happened.
I'm making perfect sense. You're rambling incoherently. It is perfectly acceptable to criticise hypothetical scenarios put forth by the SNP whilst they continue to put them forth as genuine alternatives. It's no different to criticising the business plan for a new business and that of an existing one.
Who said anything about not criticising what happens now? They are equally worthy of criticism.
Absolutely.
As far as I'm concerned it was a promise, albeit a promise that anyone with half a brain knew they couldn't keep. But I'm prepared to be proven wrong if you can find me a single example of the SNP conceding the promises set out in the White Paper were actually quite unlikely in the short term.
Of course it's relevant. Because people are still agitating for independence despite the fact we know now it would have been an unmitigated disaster.
