Instead of playing our football on campus like normal, we drive over an hour away to the point where our rival is closer to the game than we are.
Ah yes the e39 (luxury line?) wheels. My dad has the same ones.
Some people (myself included) do not like the idea of someone else (or machine) washing their car.
M logos on wheels and steering wheel are part of the M sport package, most people would say those are fine. The big M badge on the grill is something else because it only comes on actual M cars.
hahahahah
&gt; Virginia at UCLA 12:30 p.m. PT FOX Whoh what?!? Huge surprise, thought for sure this was going to be the 10:30pm EST ESPN game. On one hand, we get Gus Johnson week 1 so HELL YEAH. On the other hand, was looking forward to UVA having to play at 10:30pm local time to counter us having to play at 9am local time last year.
&gt; Thurs. Oct. 22 CALIFORNIA at UCLA 6 p.m. PT ESPN ESPN will be lucky to get 50% attendance at the Rose Bowl. 6pm on a weekday in LA? Good luck...
I don't see what the big deal is?
Oh I thought it was due to the late-night (relatively speaking) kickoff time.
&gt; so I went and got the keys from her unlocked drivers side Your mom keeps her car keys in the car?
Username checks out
I don't think Disney has a spare Gameday desk not to mention all the talent just hanging around in Burbank.
Ah good point.
Notre Dame to UCLA
Is that a thing? I've just always spelled it "whoh", but "whoa" doesn't look weird to me either.
Only two SEC games for ESPN gameday? Yeah ok....
Yes. Which is ironic because the man who is tasked with teaching him said mental game came to us from you guys.
DB is completely different because we have 5 returning starters for 4 spots, and an extremely stacked two-deep that Willis never cracked. I'm not worried or surprised by Priest's departure.
Waze, wAze, waZe, wazE, WAZE! Sorry, I just really like Waze.
Beautiful color combo, and its a manual to boot. Only real negative I see is no iDrive.
This is very, very cool. Thanks for sharing.
[Matt Barkeley walks into a Barr...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gv3Q2FAqcdw) I also really enjoy how the band's live tune syncs up to the "drop" right as the hit happens in the first FOX replay. Bonus: Gus Johnson screaming
It's gonna suck pretty bad for us west coast folk too. 1pm kickoff and 5pm kickoff on a workday?
That's just damn impressive
So a BUTT ran around without a shirt... seems normal enough to me.
I believe the equipment managers still do this (the cross-town flag football game during Beat SC week, not the equipment stealing).
I'm confused. You don't have any West Virginia flair.
Post title seems to imply that just device between city and east bay will be suspended, but linked article says system-wide suspension.
Weird. I would have guessed they were high on something else.
ABC*, but you're still right
+1 Capital One 360 for savings. Brick and mortar banks such as Chase and BoA give you &lt; 1/100 of ONE PERCENT interest of savings. Why anyone would have a savings account there vs. and online bank like Capital One is beyond me.
lol bars in westwood. good one.
So you take 101 -&gt; 237 -&gt; 880 North instead of taking dumbarton? That's a lot of miles...
I'm convinced 880 South -&gt; 237 West is why my company has work from home
ah what the hell
Or that 6heismans guy
Does STANFORD-OREGON in 2012 count?
Can we please ban all links to bruinsnation [dot] com on r/cfb?
1M only because it's much more rare and they aren't making any more.
Do they offer coding aside from the products on their website? I'm interested in getting mirror folding coded.
What do they ship you and what was the cost?
Which is hilarious, because any developer who cares about lightweight performance uses Google Docs instead of Microsoft Office.
Exactly. I'm saying the excuse for 'older' people who use Windows machines and then mostly use their computer for Excel is hilarious because it's not like developers who use macs don't need spreadsheets too, they just use Google Docs.
&gt; Tough one. SF. Is so appealing, but the recent tech boom has honestly changed the city for the worse and the costs in SF have made it quite unaffordable and crowded. Your budget would not work as well in SF as it might in other parts of the Bay Area as suggested, such as Albany or SR. &gt; Normally for one of these "where should I live in the Bay" posts I would agree with you and heavily promote the south bay (born and raised), but I wouldn't wish commuting from the South Bay to Marin County on my worst enemy.
this. no amount of cool nightlife is worth it if you're spending whatever free time you do have commuting.
UCLA is notorious for having 24-hour parking that expires at 7am. So you see a lot of people at 6:55am in line to renew their parking pass.
2 things: 1. try socalbmw.com instead of going through individual dealership online inventories. It aggregates all the results from all socal dealerships for you :) 2. Have you considered custom ordering a brand new car from Munich (yes, I know the 1 series isn't made anymore, but the M235i is a fun little guy that is closer to an e46 replacement than any F30 today)? If you lease, you'd probably end up with a very similar monthly payment as a 4-yr old CPO, and full service and warranty as well! Feel free to PM me if you have any questions about custom ordering or leasing.
long term argument is valid. good luck with your search!
Those rims look sweet with the white car and black accents. Are those CF mirror caps from BMW or aftermarket?
+1 backing in, +1 end spot. This guy's ok in my book.
Are you not entertained?
I love how these early morning threads never have any Pac12 responses in the first 100 posts because we're all still sleeping.
Yeah
Ok. Switching from source being phone number to iCloud email is a COMPLETELY different scenario, and your recipients getting annoyed is now much more understandable. Your original post does not imply this at all, so that's why people were giving you flack. I suggest checking your iMessage settings and deleting all source accounts except for your phone number, then power cycle iMessage and see how it works the next time.
So that r/cfb has a ten offseasons to talk about it
tOSU, Bama, Penn State, TCU
My car has a twin turbo. That's more "efficient" than two extra cylinders so as far as I'm concerned I have an "efficient" car and thus have no problem parking in the "efficient and clean air" spots.
Then I thank you for not being like the others.
Because 65 is an arbitrary number. The safest speed is the speed of traffic. RELATIVE speed differences between cars is what causes accidents and traffic jams. So if everyone is going 85 and you are going 65, you are the one causing a risk of accident and definitely creating a backup behind you.
my hero
http://www.german-way.com/travel-and-tourism/driving-in-europe/driving/autobahn/driving-on-the-autobahn/ Mostly rules 1, 3, and 7. Driving in Germany completely changed my perspective on traffic laws and ever since I came back and now know how it SHOULD be done, driving here infuriates me.
I would assume Facebook has some cameras pointed onto the street. Having a HQ so close to EPA, I sure as hell would with that much money...
The refreshes on the m3 are all cosmetic and will trickle down to the m4 as well. The F80 did NOT have it's LCI like the F30 did, which makes sense considering it's 2 years old.
SEC would send 4 teams to the CFP because they only schedule cupcake home games out of conference AND have 4 OOC games, so they would all go 8-4.
that's the joke
I'm assuming this is a joke but I dunno how DG fares over there. In California DG is top-tier no doubt, but I'm guessing it's different out east.
oh wow. yeah for us top tier was DG and Alpha Phi
It's not about Richard being a non-majority holder, but about the # of board seats. There are 5: Richard, Erlich, Monica (reviga), and 2 for Russ. When Reviga bought out Russ's seats at the end of S2, they thus had 3/5 seats and could out-vote Richard and Erlich.
I didn't ask for his source because what he said made sense intuitively to me. You just saying 'he is wrong' is not intuitive. The manual saying the car should always be jumpstarted from the front seems reasonable. Thank you.
The offensive line.
I don't know the answer to that. I agree it's dumb if true.
100% cultural. Which brings me back to my original point. The driving CULTURE here is the issue, not the laws, or even the drivers themselves.
I've never touched the surface. Maybe scratches was the wrong word and I meant, "long narrow streaks" from who knows what.
I saw UCLA flair, and the word "arrested" in the titled and panicked. Don't scare me like that OP!
Oregon vs. Cal @ Levi's Stadium last year. Wild shootout, think it was like 45-42 at halftime.
Hundley is the obvious choice, so I'm going to go with Barr or Kendricks.
OP, that's a weird way to write "Open thread to bash Mark May"
Yeah you're completely right. We all may joke about how weddings on Saturdays in the fall shouldn't be scheduled and stuff, but you'd seriously be a horrible person for skipping the wedding of someone you love.
I'm guessing you're not a programmer. So I'll just say this: be very careful to not just assume someone who knows any programming knows all the ins and outs of software. More importantly though, software engineering is NOT the same as IT. I'm a software engineer and at my company when your computer "breaks" (very vague I know), you don't fix it yourself, you take it to IT.
Is gas-mileage your primary concern? Do you care about performance or handling? How much utility do you need, in term of passengers, cargo, AWD, etc.? What's your monthly budget, and how many miles do you drive per month?
ah nvm
Just sitting here waiting for an ASU flair to comment on the grammar.
If you haven't caught "Snoop and Son" on ESPN I highly recommend it (no pun intended). Completely changed my perception of Snoop, he seems like a great father, certainly as good as possible given his celebrity status and attention.
wow that's like the definition of "too far"
Where was there any violence in the Mora/Ulbrich episode?
only if he's brown
Yeah. Biggest difference here is that Snoop's son is actually a really good football player.
Rick Neuheisal recruited Combs, not Jim Mora
yep, exactly
the 2 series is beautiful at a great price HOW DARE YOU
that sounds uhh extremely unsafe not to mention reckless and endangering others on the road
oh shit /u/Honestly_ you're Persian too? I can't hate your flair anymore.
I love seeing Silicon Valley references in other subs.
Black only looks good when done right and OEM (aka F80/F82 437M's). IMO the black looks really bad here, definitely silver.
god damn you cause you're right, have an upvote
&gt; has huddled and decided This is what happens when a non-sports entity tries to write about sports
&gt; Celebrities are not supposed to be above the law. This
This isn't new, Rick told this story publicly even back when he was still the coach. Hell, I remember seeing him tour recruits on campus all the time. Never saw Mora do that.
You have a lot of money.
not sure if north or south rankings are more of a head-scratcher
