I'm not embarrassed.
yeah, if you remember some of the bigger moves of the twins (getting aaron boone for example), they either were terrible when they came to minnesota or they just didn't want to be in a "small ball" club
[Ram Rules](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0-d-Hf5Zzn4)
&gt;Hadn't beaten a team with a winning record Well, now they have
My dad talks about how he was flying back to MN (from a business trip in NJ, somewhat ironically). He was in line to board when he first heard that the score was 7-0 (the game had obviously just started). When he reached his seat the score was 14-0. A couple minutes later, the attendant announced "Ladies and gentlemen, we are about to begin our safety instructions, but I would just like to update on the score of the Vikings-Giants game.... it is now 24-0 Giants." So he just kind of assumed it wasn't worth listening to or watching the rest. Also, this is much easier to talk about than our other recent NFCCGs...
It wasn't a blowout, but in 2012, the Vikings came off a 3-13 season, and they were 1-1. The team the beat (in OT) was JAX, and the team they lost to was the Colts (who were 2-14 the previous year). They were up against the 49ers who were 13-3 the previous year and just lost an NFCCG that they should have won against the Giants. The first quarter, CHRISTIAN PONDER (what?) throws a nice touchdown pass on an 80 yard drive to Kyle Rudolph. He then finishes an 84 yard drive in the second quarter with a ~25 yard run. The Vikings forced 3 TOs and blocked 2 punts, threw no interceptions, and only turned the ball over twice in pretty close to garbage time (by Toby Gerhart, and those were his first two fumbles in a really long time). It was the first time in 8 games (someone could check me on this, I don't know for sure if this is right, but it's something like this) that Alex Smith threw an interception, and the first time in 13 games that Frank Gore turned the ball over. tl;dr A 3-13 team quarterbacked by Christian Ponder beat a 13-3 team made of steel and amazing defense, and did it without any gimmicks.
Hey don't be mad. We had a game (not against the dolphins) where WE even had a walk-off safety. Not only that, but a walk-off safety in a game where we scored 0 touchdowns!
Random thing, but this last year was the first time the Vikings have been in the bottom half of the league in rush defense (which is still ok, they were 17th). But yeah, the Vikings have always had a very impressive rush defense, and I never realized how badly it sucks to have someone rush all over you until Lacey did it this year.
I love how well defined the NFC North lines are. Straight along the WI-MN and WI-IL borders are perfect. Also in that regard, AZ just takes up every county for itself and only itself. Pretty cool
I work at Valleyfair on the Ripcord. You guys should come visit me and say Skol, because 5 of the 11 people who work there are packer fans and it grosses me out a little.
This is really cool! Any chance for the superbowl matchup? (jk, that's pretty ridiculous...) Good work!
Maybe it's like highlighter syndrome? That would be the only reason. And if so, sorry for your coworker. But you said there weren't any marks on it? Whatever. But that sucks man. You clog it, you clean it, so sucks that you have to do it.
It's still up, but it was mine (not really official) Well, for me, I had a great night with /u/Twinsfan94 yesterday! Played some Splatoon, which is one of the best games I've played. And he drank a little (too much), and had to help him a little bit. Awesome dude though, and he was definitely fine when I left, so I hope your day's going better buddy (and I'll see you Sunday!)
The thing for me is that Hall of Fame should be based on Fame. Eli is famous and a huge part of NFL history for his wins against the Pats. He wasn't the absolute best, and is really a tier below most of the QBs in this era, but he is FAMOUS because of his 2 superbowls and how he got them, so I think he's in there
&gt;Not the Bruins This is fine
Shoot that's right. I forgot Joe is in the hall.
Well a lot of my friends are Blackhawks fans (that surprisingly aren't bandwagoners). I have zero friends that are Boston fans, and the only Boston fans I've met are dumb, arrogant, or both
Eagles: 9 Losses this year, including: *Cowboys at home *Redskins (Twice) *Dolphins at home *Lions 6 Wins, including: *Jets (@ Jets) *Patriots (@ NE) wut
Just doesn't make any sense. I feel like if The Eagles are supposed to win, they don't, and if they're supposed to lose, they win. So really, they should be 9-6 right now. What a strange team to root for. I'm sorry Eagles fans
Lesson here: Don't count the Redskins out of the playoffs already- &gt;Not spectacular QB named Patrick Haden &gt;Injured and replaced &gt;+14 pt differential on the year &gt;Goes to Superbowl Never say never folks
I suppose. Are you referencing when we gave the Panthers their only win of the season and almost gave the Lions their only win of the season until they won week 17?
Hey I haven't met you yet!
We like you guys too. I mean, the main highlights guy in /r/nfl is a Bears fan, plus all the Bears fans I know IRL are super cool. I'm fine with anyone taking the division as long as it's not the Packers!
lol
Wait wouldn't it be Teddy Bridgeice? Also, sounds like unsafe driving conditions if you're facing a drive with Teddy Bridgeice
Congrats?
Hey Section 215 is where I am! 200s represent!
This is truly one of them. Anyone have the stat for the second fewest WR TDs on a whole team in one season?
Against Vontaze, Frostee, and Leger... geez that's a starting DE rotation in terms of names!
Commenting on the very small percentage off-chance that this is the legitimate Blair Walsh
&gt; He makes the kick, what do we say? That he bailed us out that game? Uh. You need to not be overly drunk for a minute, and realize that yes, we do. If he makes all 4, we are praising him for putting all of our points on the board, and rightfully so. The way my friends and I analyzed it, every component did very well barring one play: Offense: Didn't do bad, even drove the ball down the field on the final drive. But 28 fumbled the ball. Gave Seattle 3 points. Defense: Did spectacular today! Except for one play. Bad snap was a 20 yard loss. Instead, was completed, led to a TD. Special teams: I guess I wouldn't say great, but mostly because Jeff Locke had a rough day. Few bad punts, but nothing to get angry about. One bad play was, obviously, Walsh missing his kick. There's no reason to put none of this loss on Walsh, but there's no reason to put 100% of this on Blair either.
Well, you're sure right that this is unpopular (at least for one side of the St. Croix), but what kind of scares me is that it could be true. Think about 2010. We came off a fantastic year, 12-4, destroyed a highly rated Dallas team, lost to the Super Bowl champs by an OT field goal that sparked a rule change. Next year? 6-10. Yeah, this is unpopular, and with Zimmer I think it is a much different tale than with Chili. I mean, we were calling for Childress's head during the 12-4 run. But if it doesn't work, this may turn out exactly the same: Next year we fall in several close games, year after we try to reach to make something happen and lose 10+, followed by a miraculous playoff run. It's pretty cyclical at this point. Minus the fact that our QB is young. Which is also why I would disagree. But yeah in terms of unpopular this one wins edit: changed "is" to "could be." I'm not that much of a downer
I can't either, but that's because we never had a basketball team.
100% worth the "continue this thread" click
at home
Welp, good game everybody. [Screenshot for when it gets fixed](http://i.imgur.com/6yx7I6f.png)
[LARRY FOR PRESIDENT](http://i.imgur.com/y6UF9z8.jpg)
As stated before [Larry for president!](http://i.imgur.com/y6UF9z8.jpg)
[Me coming back to this thread](http://i.imgur.com/Xw22ahs.gif?noredirect)
I think it's safe to say Christian Ponder is an all time great
I'm fine with these other big hits that destroyed someone's career. The Lawrence Taylor hit on Joe Theismann, yeah it was rough to watch (and hear), but it was part of the play. This is why late hits are a thing. This shouldn't happen. What a scumbag. FTP(...ackers's player who did this not their entire organization)
Did he spike that ball into his helmet?
His post game interview about it was hilarious. It was something like "I saw a purple shirt behind me, so i hoped he could catch"
SO COME AHHHHHAHHHHAHHHHUNNNNNNN
"Well ya see here Mike, /u/InferiousX is just an all around great redditor. He's been in this league for 4 years workin his tail off without any credit, and he makes one fantastic comment and we're all blown away. But really, Mike, this kid's been good since his first post in the sub. Be surprised if he doesn't make the /r/nfl Pro bowl this year." "Jon I don't think /r/nfl has a pro bowl" "Well I'll have to make one Mike, and /u/InferiousX is gonna be the top of my draft list... If we're doin that type a thing again this year."
I'll do it if it's not too late. But it looks like it's too late. Can there be another one?
Whoops. Gotcha
&gt;Chargers &gt;Defense I think I see a flaw in your response
I remember watching this play since it was before they had lost a regular season game yet, and I thought "Man, if they win this, it's pretty obvious why. Holy cow"
Thanks for reminding us Aaron.
Yeah if these are 2 players in the draft, they'd go 1 and 2 almost surely.
You lookin for [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WlMpOCpkUog&amp;feature=youtu.be)?
When I go to Culver's (which is a frequent stop for me, in two different locations), I get a butterburger with cheese kids meal. Last year, over the summer, I went to one Culver's about 40 times, and every team member who worked there had taken my order at least once. I know a couple by name. They were awesome. Plus I worked the local amusement park which got a discount there, so I got 10% off to start and every 10 meals I got another free meal. I got 8 free meals out of the 40 meals I paid for.
The best part of this was that it was updated from a post a week earlier that was "Saints awarded first-round bye" Then they changed it. Glorious.
The Superbowl was pretty good for Aaron, but that Atlanta game was absolutely stellar. That Atlanta team won 13 games. Their losses were to Pittsburgh, the other super bowl team, in OT, a 2 TD loss in Philly, and to the former SB champion Saints by a field goal. Then they get BTFO @ home by GB, pretty much due to Rodgers. That game was crazy for him
Sorry dude. It sucks.
You know that game would just go to OT and have missed FG after missed FG, right?
Confirmed would happen
At least we wouldn't have lost!
King Me.
I can refer you to Valleyfair, and both you and I get $100 for you coming from my referral. If you dig that.
Or [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SSbBvKaM6sk) after each touchdown that Teddy throws (I'll guess 4)
I mean, not without that attitude either. But definitely not with it.
Fairly sure you just called half of Minnesota insane. lol
Honestly, I had to take a couple layers off during that game because we were wrapped up like we were gonna be camping in subzero for 3 days and I was sweating by the second quarter
If our QB throws 9 interceptions all year every year, I don't care if they're all his fault or not.
Where would the scenario occur that both teams go for a 2 pointer though? Maybe the Steelers now that they go for it every time, they make 2 and miss 1, other team tries to keep up edit: Found this interesting too: of the 5 new scores this year, 2 of them were with the Steelers and 2 were with the 49ers. I guess the Steelers was relatively predictable? IDK
I bet this has happened but it was stopped ever tim.
After the Bears losing to the Redskins earlier that year and the Redskins GM calling the Bears a bunch of babies. lololol I bet the tears tasted sweeeeeeet
That's true, the ground was really cold, but we had cardboard and we brought old rugs to sit on instead of the metal benches. It was delightful
ATL- Wins: TB (home), NO X2, GB, CAR (home), PHI, LA, SF Losses: DEN, SEA, SD, OAK, TB (away), ARI, KC, CAR (away) Atlanta is going to vastly improve on defense this year due to their coaching changes, but their offense is going to suffer (I believe, it's an opinion thing). They're going to have success against teams with good offenses, and as always, have success at home, but it'll lead to another relatively average year for the Falcons. Sorry guys, I love ya, but it's gonna be another blue-ballin' year. A couple sporadic wins though, and I would not be surprised to see y'all in the playoffs. Final record: 8-8 (5-3 home, 3-5 away) ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- TB- Wins: LA, DEN, SF, OAK, ATL (home), CHI, SD, NO (home), CAR (home) Losses: ATL (away), ARI, CAR (away), KC, SEA, DAL, NO (away) Opposite of what I think for Atlanta, the Bucs will vastly improve their offense this year while their defense stays the same, and maybe even regresses a little. TB is a team on the rise, with a good young QB who's actually pretty good at leading a team, and I'd be pretty surprised if TB is less than .500 this year for sure. Also, maybe you're wondering why I picked TB to beat Carolina at home? Well, maybe not, but either way, just remember that that's [this](http://bleacherreport.com/articles/694994-carolina-panther-cam-newton-is-the-worst-nfl-draft-pick-ever) game. I'm excited. And hey, if you guys pull off a couple of close games, maybe we'll have an NFC Central rematch in the playoffs! You know, for old times' sake. Final Record: 9-7 (7-1 home, 2-6 away) ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- LA- Wins: SEA (home), ARI (away), BUF, NYJ, SF (home) Losses: SF (away), TB, DET, NYG, CAR, MIA, NO, NE, ATL, SEA (away), ARI (home) ~~St Louis~~ RIP. Los Angeles is going to be interesting, and I can't even predict how they're going to do based on home field advantage, because I have no clue as to what theirs is. (For the record, I know the other teams', because I spent about 3 whole days during Thanksgiving break finding out how much better teams do at home than on the road. If you want to see it I have it still.) This will be their first year in a stadium I don't even know the name of (coliseum?), so I don't know if they'll be great or terrible. Either way, I'm gonna predict their games like every other year: Exactly what you wouldn't expect them to do. There won't be a major improvement to offense, as rookies will need to take a year, as I'd expect with Goff, but defense will--- you know what, defense is gonna stay stagnant too. Dammit. Come on Rams, do something different for a change. Move to a new city or something. Final Record: 5-11 (3-5 home, 2-6 away) edit: formatting
Where are the Packers' 5 losses?
luv u bby
The NFL is a strange sport
Dat 16-0 season tho.
Correct. But I mean that happened on like 25% of our pass plays last season too.
Searched for this. I'm glad it was said. I was thinking while that game was happening, "This is so good, don't even care if we lose" It was just so entertaining.
AFCE: Bills AFCN: Bengals AFCS: Jaguars AFCW: Chiefs NFCE: Redskins NFCN: Lions NFCS: Panthers NFCW: Cardinals And before you cry bandwagon for the NFC, I was a big fan of Cards/Panthers back in like 2008. Even through the garbage years. Still was a fan then.
As the one flow chart said, &gt;I long for the good ol' days when our losses really meant something---&gt;Vikings &gt;Our losses were never really that important---&gt;Lions
3 TDs on 3 catches? Ahh, good memories
Wait, do you live on Earth too?
He seemed to get his acting a lot better in the H.M. The "I've been to New Orleans" line. That was pretty good.
&gt;Tough Question [mfw](https://storage.googleapis.com/imgfave/image_cache/137065713617428_animate.gif)
Theyre protesting the dakota pipeline i think
Ope, looks like they're packing up shop. There are now some policemen and folks with hard hats and climbing gear above them. Edit: jk theyve been above them the whole quarter now but it looks like theyre just gonna wait for the end of the game
Hmm, tempting... how bout instead i change the structure of every orifice in your face!
Top comment &gt; Thank you for leaving Damn Twitter never stops
LOS ANGELES WHY WONT YOU SAVE ME
:)
Buy more merchandise in the back!
Maybe even a professional team! What if they were in Los Angeles too!
This guy gets it!
Yeah i i thought about #2 when it happened; it was a clear obstruction of the rule. If it happened the other way (batted it backward to have a better chance of recovering the ball), i could see it, but this was a blatant breaking of the rule
Goodness, his fight with Bolduc was amazing. One of the best moments watching Wild Hockey for me
Damn the Kirk one is beautiful
That seemed like a good idea but it just crashed and burned geez
Did she agree to another date?
Although suburbia in MN goes for a 40 mile radius around Minneapolis/St Paul in every direction
That's insane. Maybe I should rent out the basement to some fans (MG)
not worth
