Most of reddit thinks anything older than three or four years is going to explode any second.
Source: every skinnyfat who thinks they can "eat whatever they want and not get fat." I was one of them once.
Get a myfitnesspal account and log everything that goes into your mouth for a week or two. That'll explain very clearly why you never gain weight despite all the food you think you eat.
&gt; The too expensive excuse always baffles me considering so many Americans get their meals from eating out. It would be considerably cheaper to cook very healthy meals at home. Oh god, don't bait reddit into this discussion. If you think this thread is full of excuses...
Same here. Took a while to come around and get used to a new guy there, but damn, Cory is great at calling a baseball game.
It's the little known fifth turtle, Retardatello.
Muhammed Comcast.
Don't sweat it. I'd seriously up the calories a bit and just stick to it for a month. See how that goes.
Poutine
The Benjamin Button trailer with Arcade Fire's "My Body is a Cage". Saw it in the theater and thought holy shit I need to see that. It wasn't that great.
Have you ever actually seen a dick before?
my car explodes?
Does a vasectomy count? If so, me.
You wouldn't want to live in Minnesota then.
I would have gone crazy. I had plenty of time after work to snuggle with my baby.
It's really not that fucking hard. Certainly not hard enough that I couldn't hold a job while doing it.
He's right though.
These people seems to think a job takes up 100% of your time and if you have a year off you'd spend ever spare second snuggling with your new baby. edit: I guess the downvoters really believe this is what parenting is like.
Why the hell would that worry you? It's how markets work.
Tell that to our resident army of "my pit wouldn't hurt a fly" redditors.
No one's forcing us to eat it in excess either.
This is why some people are poor.
For one person? Don't see the problem.
Who gives a shit? It sounds like it was a fantasy of hers and the money was just icing on the cake.
and he's very expensive
I doubt many of them are buying 20k Corollas.
Crock pot, man. Crock pot everything.
There are shit loads of jobs with emotional and mental exhaustion. Do you really think teachers are the only ones who deal with that? And yes, not everyone is cut out to be a teacher, much like not everyone is cut out to be a cop or ditch digger or doctor or retail clerk. Seriously, get over yourselves.
Yeah, I cut out the regular soda 10-12 years ago and I can barely make it through a can anymore. Between the overwhelming sweetness and the realization of how much sugar I'm ingesting, I just can't do it.
Again, reddit with this weird idea that any car that's a few years old is going to explode at any moment. Take decent care of them and they'll treat you just fine. Plus, it's not like new cars never break down.
I make no money and pay $1,000/month for this gigantic pickup. What do?
Buy a $50 push mower off craigslist.
I will never understand why guys do this. It always makes you look like you have a weak jaw and a double chin.
Because perpetual outrage is more important than actually being free to go.
I wouldn't expect him to even know what the hell that was. I'm not sure what the guy was trying to prove by pointing it out. It's not like an FBI badge or something.
But it achieves the opposite. You just end up defining your jaw line half way up your face and looking like you've got a double chin. It's a really weird look.
Well, it's Jeter, so of course it's overrated.
I think a lot of gun loving folks hate these clowns too. It gives all of them a bad name. Like you said, I don't know the guy walking around with a fucking assault rifle and I have no idea what his intentions are. I think these open carry groups do this shit to try to make it more common so people don't freak out when they see someone with one. Because wouldn't we all feel so much safer if everyone was wandering around with guns strapped to their backs like it's the wild fucking west again.
Well, he tried getting the kid to comply, which the kid didn't. He tried tasering him, that didn't work. Now the kid's on top of him punching him in the head. What exactly do you expect him to do?
it's not slut shaming, it's shaming the bitch who went around preaching abstinence only and making big money doing it
Who the hell cares about passing on your genes? Does anyone have a kid for that reason? That's the dumbest shit I've ever heard.
They actually pass each other.
That he likes to fuck younger women? Jesus, the dude is only 38.
And convincing Christian conservatives that they're being persecuted is the political equivalent of shooting fish in a barrel.
put a plate full of french fries in front of him, that'll shut him up for a while
I'm in a profession full of wealthy, white, generally conservative Christian men. You wouldn't believe how often I read shit like "the white Christian man is the only person you can legally persecute in this country!" These are people who've never seen an ounce of persecution in their fucking lives. I know, I'm one of them, minus the conservative Christian part. Being a white guy in this country is still like winning the genetic lottery.
I'm loving this dude's campaign already. Between him and Trump this should be a fun ride.
&gt;Somehow not being able to persecute others is in itself persecution? God, exactly right. My own sister was bitching about it on Facebook yesterday, saying shit like "don't hate me for my opinions!" And it's like, bitch, you guys as a group voted to prohibit a group of people from getting married even though their marriage doesn't affect you one bit. And somehow she's the one who's feeling hated. It's mind blowing.
What, being a hard worker isn't a good enough defense?
Tell them God gave you a bad heart and science fixed it.
he looks black to me
It's just a stupid quote.
A parade of lifted trucks flying confederate flags. This is exactly how I envision the south to be.
I'm sure many of them change for political reasons. But it's hard to know for sure when that's the case.
Yeah, no shit. This went from "my dad moved it and is kind of a jerk" to "i'm aborting his baby". She yada-yada-d a lot of the story.
that time I actually raised my hand in class
Civ 5, if you're looking to pass lots and lots of time.
Oh god, imagine the state of OP's righteous indignation now....
Oh Lawd, go fix yourself a mint julep and calm your tits.
nope
http://i.imgur.com/NQHKSVE.gif
I think they look stupid, unless you're actually going offroading or something. But do what you want, it's your car.
I've called the people where I'm from much worse, so wouldn't bother me a bit.
Imbalances in what? Those three exercises cover a huge range of muscles, which is why they're always the go to lifts.
Do some rows or some other pulling exercise. I guess I'd assume most lifting plans include something like that.
You're absolutely right that he's following the law. But it's the classic case of "you're not wrong, you're just an asshole". We have the right to do a lot of things, but most of us control ourselves so as to not make everyone else's life miserable.
/r/lewronggeneration
Me too, man. Sucks. And then the "why are you turning so red?!" comments making a bad situation worse. I'm able to mostly control it now just because I'm not in those situations as much any more, but it's always lurking there.
Mostly lifestyle modification, like I alluded to. It was much worse when I was in school, forced into group settings, group projects, speeches, etc, etc. Now that I'm out, I started a business, my own boss, and am just not in those situations much any more. But yeah, no magic pill or anything unfortunately.
And if they didn't lose to a backup QB at home they'd be in too. But they did, so they were out.
They did...a little. Down 14-0 and driving. Score a TD there and you're down a touchdown in the first quarter and who knows how the game goes from there. Instead we throw a pick 6 and it's game over. Coulda shoulda woulda, I guess.
I thought the same thing. They had kind of regrouped from that quick 14-0 start and were driving down the field. I thought maybe they had weathered the storm. Then the pick six and that was ballgame.
Wasn't a fan of his before this season and I'm still not. Sounds dumb to say after the season they've had, but I just don't like his style and getting destroyed in bowls is getting old.
[I can see it](http://i.imgur.com/DTNVt1E.png)
My name's not exam, you ass!
&gt; MSU was superior that game and they deserved the win. Exactly. Which is why all the whining about the Mich-Mich St punt thing is so stupid. You guys actually played Mich St. And lost to Mich St.
Been facing it for the last 10 years.
/r/funny
same here. Can't live without it now. Also have a similar app, Twilight , I think, on my phone.
I've been saying the same thing even back when Nascar was surging in popularity. The races are too damn boring. People can sit here and say "well, look how many people sit down for 3-4 hours and watch football". Yeah, but Nascar races are the equivalent of a football game where both teams just hand off and pound 2 yard runs into the line for 58 minutes and then let it fly in the last 2. Nascar is the kind of sport that you really need to be into to be able to sit through a race and appreciate the intricacies. Most people just aren't going to sit down and watch 3.5 hours of lap-logging for 10 minutes of late race excitement. It's a format problem and Nascar can tweak things around the edges, but as long as races are as long as they are this is going to remain a struggling sport. The answer to their problem is staring them in the face with the Eldora truck race format, but I won't be holding my breath.
It is kind of MO of Islamic terrorists. Is it racist to point that out now?
The guy was pretty obviously talking about Islamic terrorists. He was following the previous two comments that also didn't specifically say "Islamic terrorists" so let's not pretend he was talking about all muslims, ok? I know it's very hard to not make everything racist, but maybe try just this once.
&gt;I can indeed hate on hipsters for the PBR train. I think PBR is somewhat decent and used to be my go-to for cheap beer. Same here, although I hate sounding like a "I liked it before it was cool" guy. I didn't necessarily like it, it was just my go to cheap beer.
Honestly, ANY allowance at 30 is excessive.
Seriously, do people realize they're not required to say "thanks for the gold, kind stranger"? No one's going to take away your reddit privileges if you just say thanks.
He's saying it's pretending that they're doing it to inspire people that is off-putting. If you want to just post your ass because it's a great ass and you like the attention, then go for it.
&gt;I have zero actual personality!" they are nice to look at though i cant lie. Edit: If all you do is eat healthy and go to the gym you're probably boring. I was with you until this. I hate this concept that being fit requires 24/7 attention and that being in shape means you're some kind of meatheaded moron. Believe it or not a decent diet doesn't require that much work and working out three or four hours a week isn't that time consuming.
Me too. Was told if you want to go to college you better work in high school to pay for it. So that's what I did. Just thought that was normal. I was wrong.
Please don't start this shit.
Well see, age caught up to him!
He'll get his ass locked up for life like three seconds after leaving the NFL.
It's an ideology, not a race. Why can't people understand this.
Yeah, sanity. Like conflating race and ideology.
I think most people get they're doing it for safety, the problem is that they're having to do that because one group of morons will kill them for displaying a cartoon.
I grew up there. I moved away for a while and lived in a forested area that more traditionally beautiful. I hated it. Made me claustrophobic. Couldn't wait to get back to those big corn fields.
Because Hillary and the mainstream media won't let them, dummy!
I feel like this is the reality behind most child's drawings. No deep meaning, just a screw up.
This is simply a matter of rearranging money that is already being spent. Essentially exchanging private spending for public. There's also no reason to believe it won't be much less expensive overall, given how much cheaper every other country is able to do it.
same here. Also on SSD. Load times are tripled and frame rate is cut in half.
You've probably already tried, but have you set your iPresentInterval to 0 in fallout4prefs.ini? I did that, set a frame rate limit with RivaTuner, and my FPS about doubled. Load screens were cut in half too for whatever reason.
