And swearing when in pain helps you hurt less! *the more you know star flies by*
I'd cave in for a snake. I'm not 100% in love with snakes but they're cute enough I'd be willing to learn, esp if it was a smaller one like a corn snake.
The color morphs are a reason I brought up corn snakes, I was somewhere and saw an exhibit with like 15 different colors and they were all so pretty! I didn't know some of the colors even existed. I like the idea of a pet snake, I just haven't handled one enough to be comfortable with it yet.
Holy crap! Those are amazing, thank you :3
Awww little snek has tent made of silly green paper! Such a bright fellow &lt;3
Plot twist: dad comes back to haunt him/her from the grave, but only to mock them more
As a left-but-closer-to-middle-than-not person who is a government employee, she needs to go yesterday.
..... no. Do not want for that purpose. Other, nefarious things? maybe. That? no.
Yes it does. It can exist, so that people not of that time can look at it, and hopefully go: Back then, those people felt this way. But there are other ways to be, better ways to be. We have changed for the better, this art tells me that. If we destroy it all, if we erase all the hurtful words and ugly pictures that have ideas we don't like, how can the future look at the past and see this?
I don't want children and I can tell you that's child abuse. That's insane and torture to anything able to feel pain.
when I played, we were both. Is that evil? But I was almost always the one (no matter the class) that would get bored of talking and planning (everyone wanted to plan out things too much) and I would go wreck something or blast someone or sneak off or ... you get the point. I also tried to hug the wildlife a lot. It never worked out :&lt;
My barb would take out doors and keep going XD but he was a jumpy-chargy-axe-wielding maniac so that's to be expected.
The pro-natal 'pweashus buaybwee' crowd :s The younger you are, the more you can stand/sit on the floor at someone's house/ ect. I almost ripped my SiL a new one once because when I told her kids to get off the couch so I could sit down (there wasn't any more space to sit) she made my brother move over and had both of the kids come snuggle on the love seat with them so they didn't have to sit on our evil floor. That was clean. Gaaaaah /eyetwitch So instead they make the loveseat strain. I was going to say more but got the 'cut it out, no use' signal from my parents.
Op stating that they have Autism just helps to frame that they don't handle contact and conflict outside of their comfort zone well. It was information that was relevant to the story, as the kids violated OPs personal space.
Thank you, that's what I wanted to say but didn't have the information/facts to.
That's pretty hilarious. I unexpectedly laughed and now my coworkers are staring at me funny XD
Tom Cruise on Family Guy: You can't catch me gay thoughts! /runs away
This is going to sound odd but the thought of nice little old ladies enjoying the company of kittens is a beautiful thought. XD
World of Warcraft has its own site. Its a cesspool. And many of the community sites *can* be that way.
Sweet! I've wanted to do one but admittedly too lazy to chop it up in Photoshop. Now I don't have to &lt;3 Internet hugs!
the kid was hindering OP's ability to work somewhat, that's no good. Kids 'helping' shouldn't be making more work for people that aren't their parents/care takers/paid to deal with the mess.
ohhh I'm gonna try it your way, that sounds amazing.
Ahhh so cheesy good hahah
I think that qualifies as an instant 'kill me now please' scenario imo
Oh well in that case, theorize on XD
And to you as well, lol!
Its less tit for tat and more a balance of give and take, imo. If one person is always taking from the other, that's a bad relationship because the giver gets nothing out of it. Time, money, and emotions are precious commodities, and if I'm going to invest them in you, I expect to have a return on my investment. I'm actually in the process of ghosting out on a one sided friendship. Well, there was generosity with money but everything had to be at this other person's house, their way and there was no room for compromise, and my emotions were discarded. That's a bad friendship to me, so I'm not gonna put up with it anymore.
You see their boob, they give you a tattoo. Is that what your looking for? Incase your legit asking, tit for tat is a saying that's basically like "I'll give you a thing but you also give me a different thing in return."
I haven't yet but these two are having me on the edge of such.
I see a lot of hateful comments about tumblerinas and such as that. YMMV
I voted dem that day. I was out voted : /
'think of the children' probably got this man killed when we don't even know what his deal was. That's a scary attitude.
It was highly likely a false positive. There's probably a lot of substances that trick the scanner.
I have flown. Screw pat downs that feel like sexual assault. There's more efficient and effective uses of MY tax money to combat security issues over whats currently used.
'Grope those other people just not us!' Asshole.
It is. Running from the cops is dumb. Fighting the cops is dumb. But there were more of them than him, he only had the vest and the air soft gun, and there was no way he did anything remotely justifying deadly force. I added my edit after reading the article more to show that I had read it and not just commenting on the headline. Either way, this is pathetic on the cops part. Man broke a couple laws, but nothing they shoulda been 'fearing their lives' about.
Blizzard made the plague as part of the Lich King launch event. They then disabled it because of this. EDIT: I know I'm wrong, just didn't delete it b/c there's other comments now.
But no brain
Sorry for your loss. He looked very hot back in his day, and he had great tastes companions! I don't know if this photo encompasses the essence of your father to you, but overall its a lovely photo and regardless of if you use it or not, hang on to it. &lt;3 internet hugs for your difficult time.
He looks so fluffy and regal and .... I want to hug him lol.
Its mount floofleopolis!
Poor thing is sick (with illness not how it was born), I hope it gets better :&lt; I think the idea of using the dog as a therapy animal for trans-gendered persons is interesting but in the craze of trans-gendered persons, don't forget actual inter-sexed persons that do exist. Not that they're a persecuted or targeted group over anything else; but the dog could help them as well if used as a therapy animal. Edit: not sure why the downvotes? I can only guess 'craze of trans-gendered persons'. I am aware of the battles such folk face and support them some of them; it just seems because of Jenner a lot of good and bad attention has come to their issues as of late. Also seems like a hot topic thing along with gun violence/police, terrorists, and SJWs. Not my intent to offend.
The ag-gag laws disgust me. They got passed recently in NC, and I just hate it.
Its'all good /handshake
with certain preparation and cooking methods they would be but the average person wouldn't go to that effort/wouldn't know
its funny to watch people's reactions to realize that.
Did you go play kickball after 1.? Because I would be really tempted...
I didn't know about the Raleigh one. The more I know!
That's very upsetting to read. I used to drive through that area often to visit my grandmother in Danville, VA, and it always seemed to me that it was a shabby area in need of a facelift but I never realized it was that bad.
Could he be cremated, *then* his ashes put on a boat that is burned in a lake? Or is that also a nope?
Its not fun, happened to me in a sexual assault situation. My brain said 'scream! cry! run! do something!' and my body went 'nopecan'twon't'
'Mom, that's not where that's supposed to go.' Poor Leo looks understandably worried XD
that's hilariously evil. Also: I am an IT lady who can actually cook quiche since that's relevant XD
Log into the firewall and block facebook, youtube, pandora, and netflicks. Watch the campus burn.
Not really ocd but very meticulous and beautiful in its own way.
Aw kitty looks so surprised! That's adorable X3
Depends on what they are raised with. I've seen different pics of lions/tigers hanging out with dogs of various sizes before. If the big cat hangs out with little kittles all its life, it might be okay for them to hang out and get along. Not the same, but as an aside for size difference: Our horse loves cats and other small animals. He's really gentle and likes to lip at them a bit. Only ever had one cat that liked it, the other two hate it, and our chihuahua isn't fond either. But Buddy grew up with barn cats, and had one in particular that hung out with him and slept on his back so he likes seeing small animals and if he sees them around he is more careful with his big hooves.
That is so heart warming and sweet :3
Do you mind giving any light details? Nothing overly nsfw as this isn't labeled as such but I'm curious....
What's so sad about it, is that America as a country doesn't have as much of a rich, documented history as other places. And incidents like this just destroy and undermine what history we do have. There's plenty of rocks in other places.
Which reminds me, I need to find my Canada buddies from wow. They were fun! And defied the 'normal' Canadian sterotypes really. Except for being very polite, lol.
the news the other night said you had betters odds of getting struck by lightning WHILE drowning than winning. Which I was amused by.
Interesting! Thank you for sharing! Note to self: Suicide watch in prison/jail sounds 1000x worse than normal prison/jail
I look at it like South Park: Everything is equally fair game!
The grave is probably on private property so probably something something vandalizing private property?
That's amaaaazing lol.
Its a 2015 and not a 2016? Fuck you mom! I hate my life! AUGH! ANGST!
Jokes on you, rapture happened during maintenance :&lt;
fresh, crusty sourdough bread. /drool
Oh I agree, overweight critters need help. Sometimes people just don't make clear enough distinctions in their speech and I wonder if the person who said 'fat cat problems' meant their animal is truly overweight or was just talking about having a 'large' cat.
I need to do #1 more, lately my friends haven't been on my ark server and a pair decided to start hanging out on a different server most of the time, so logging in to be alone has kinda gutted me a little. Been trying to play other games instead :s
Jakku? That place is garbage!
the ports make me cry sad tears of sadness. Sad. Tears. Sadness.
Right!? Looks like a mini exoskeleton. Slap that in a dark hallway and give it a jump scare, and you have my new most scary Five Nights enemy /shudders.
There's no right or wrong answer here. Some people would 'step up' and do it, some can't or won't.
*heavy breathing* /s Yea that's so weird... does no one think they're sharing with paedos or something? Or that people without scruples wouldn't use the pics for nefarious things?
'I feel meh' 'Why?' 'I dunno.' 'stop it!' '..... what part of depression makes you think that's a magic button!?'
I got a free cupcake, soda and chips at work today, they were all green XD I can relate!
the people that make the game look pretty are not the same people that work on npc/player interactions, quests, and mechanics especially in places like Bethesda with large enough staff to have different people handle everything. We can have it all if they would try to give it to us, but they want to streamline it instead. I'm not a published gamemaker but I've studied the industry and am educated in game design. Even if I weren't, anyone can look at anything with a critical eye and say what does or doesn't work and give feedback without being a whiny snot about it and be helpful and productive to the community.
I think the baby and the mom's foreheads make contact and you see who has the harder head.
A place to strap down pet beds/extra stuff/groceries?
That sounds so nice and awesome. I wish dealers and manufactures in the US did that.
depends on what you do. I have a ford Ranger and my parents have a GMC Acadia, both get used to haul animal feeds, the Acadia gets used to do grocery and SAMs shopping and some furniture and lumber shopping. My truck is used for hay, lumber, composted horse poop (amazing fertilizer), recycling (big loads at a time), mulch, and anything else that's too big or messy for the Acadia.
Blizz only released that patch because they knew I started playing Grim Dawn /grumbles Stop stalking me blizzy!
I never played a lot of megaman, but I knew just enough to immediately go: huh, that's megaman sounding XD
a d3 mmo would be interesting, but it won't happen. But in the realm of dreaming: Yea, a M rated-gritty, grim, game that fleshes out chars, maybe has humans, and some weaker-than-their-normal kinds of races to be (I like choices other than human but that's just me) like maybe lesser angel, lesser demon, ect. You can follow the named Class Characters from D3 per Heroes of the Storm, Diablo/Demons or whatever the remnants of the angels are up to as factions, but all races get to choose.
Maybe. It don't bother me though, I know at the end of the day one friend is still my bff even if we disagree on this point (she wants everyone to be friends forever and doesn't want to recognize that some friendships need to die) and the other has become a more distant friend anyway because he isolates himself to be with his girlfriend (self imposed, the girl likes hanging out with us) That's so annoying though that they can be so charming! Because the blimey bastard is! Took me butting heads with him over DnD and some other things to wake up to what he really is.
Oh that's a good point too! If its in an mmo, its gonna be sexualized. Even the little tarutaru kid looking things from Final Fantasy 11/14 get that treatment (I Noped out of that corner of the internet when I stumbled into it @__@)
My best friend with a pre-order of Legend of Zelda:Twilight Princess HD with Wolf Link/Minda Amiibo.... well... I'm hosed, I'm pretty sure she can beat me up and my weapon is not helpful!
'fight' ;0
Well... this one worked out well for you XD
well its probably heavy so you could whack his head with it?
Someone read my palm in highschool and said I'd have 3 kids, 5 grandkids and be a rich old lady. They're wrong on all accounts. Although I wouldn't mind being a rich old lady...
Cancer, stop taking great people at 69. Do it at 96. NO WAIT.... do it at like 106. 136. Never? I'm just.... worried about Betty White now D:
sweet! Looks like my gpu is supported (gtx660ti) so saved and gonna try at home to see what it'll do. Will try to remember to report back when I do it.
And what kind of SuperMom would I be if I didn't get my angelkins whut she waaaaants!?
that was my thought too. I quite like the idea.
as IT staff, thank you :3
But what about when I scrape my knee and I need to clean it? :&lt;
I get what you mean :) I think dragon is fine, if you looked at a skeleton of it, it would look very similar to a standard type dragon save for the head honestly. Just feathering a dragon can change the look of it a lot, and I think its really cool to have feathery types too! Reminds me of a dragon drawing book I saw once that had scaly, feathery, and poofy furry dragons and it was very interesting to see them all contrasted.
