I'd guess discussing potential problems helps more than complaining about discussing potential problems O_o
I would posit that one's literal genitals can and should be differentiated from one whose personality resembles genitals. Indeed, can a male be a triflin' cuntflap, though he is lacking actual flappy vagina flesh? I would say yes.
&gt;Can you elaborate? After having discussed politics online for more than a decade, I'd guess astroturfers are very real and far more common than public sentiment suggests. Do you agree? Also, what can be done to ensure narrative control doesn't get out of hand? How does one dissent if faced with systemic and prearranged astroturfing?
Could someone familiar with the situation explain the correlation the article's author is implying?
Shouldn't we try?
Uh... prioritize?
Craigslist?
I want to know what's actually occurring so as to ensure existence isn't an untenable abberation.
What if complaining is the only immediately available recourse? What else am I supposed to do while figuring out who to punch?
This is the sort of question we should be asking here.
Thanks for replying :D I'm 32, male, in Rockford IL, don't have a car, and I'm already homeless. The biggest problem right now is a lack of amenities (showers, laundry, transportation, etc.). There's a rescue mission in town, but it isn't within walking distance of the support I do have, and has strict christian proselytizing and a 5 pm curfew. I'd probably be content working on my art and stories while homeless, but I don't know if that's tenable due to the weather and circumstances -- there isn't much for me here without my family. I have places to sleep where I won't freeze to death, some clothes, and a cheap tablet I can use for internet stuff, but that's about it.
My exact point is that I'm willing and capable of working part time while working on my art, but I don't have freely available amenities *or* what I need for my creative endeavors. Thanks for your response :)
I know that feeling -- what should one do if you want to be a decent person, but the behavior of others makes you want to say "While y'all chucklefucks are testing and judging me I'm *actually* trying to solve *real* problems and save you fucktards from yourselves!" For me the real issue is finding a way not to develop a blithe disdain for those who lack the ability/motivation to look beyond what's immediately obvious and comprehend the implications of their lack of critical thought and intellectual honesty.
Fields of study like this are why we should have aspect interaction standards, imo.
Humans have the ability to *choose* to be moral and rational actors, therefore we can decide that human nature is simply what is genuinely ethical, and I'll beat your face in with a stick if you try to enforce anything else. There -- philosophy: solved.
I think part of the problem is the intuitive vibe nihilism radiates -- if one truly believes in nihilism, wouldn't they be more apt to forsake moral realism? If one doesn't believe in nihilism in earnest, but espouses it anyway, isn't that an indication that they're trying to rationalize something bad? I trade out nihilism for the rhetorically superior ethical hedonism.
If people don't exist how could they enjoy existing?
They will be.
If hedonism actually can be ethical, then what purpose is there for antinatalism that's also congruent with said ethics? If we can maximize and maintain viable ethical hedonism, shouldn't we also maximize the cognizance that gets to enjoy pleasure? That's why I added the "ethical" qualifier to my hedonism narrative.
I fully intend to look into bowls for varying reasons, in as much as bowl looking is ethical and/or necessary. Here's a quote: "If you're hard up to stop people from looking at things and you can't or won't explain why you're either ignorant of the implications or actively bad. I'll explain why if you'd like."
A) To what extent can we determine what is true? B) If determinism is valid and perception can affect circumstances, wouldn't conflating nihilism with fatalism potentially foment a self-fulfilling paradox wherein nihilism is only valid if we decide it's valid? If so, the choice is obvious. Ethical hedonism + objective ethics ftw.
&gt;That could be said about any position, from nihilism to epiphenomenalism to communitarianism to mathematical Platonism. So I don't see how this is a problem for nihilists, or (more generally) those who "forsake" moral realism. Does nihilism encourage ethics? If we forsake ethics in favor of [predatory objectivism](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=I_Juh7Xh_70) (anarcho-capitalism, natural selection, punitative receptor aspects, etc.), would you deign to count yourself among the few who would climb to the top of the shit-heap? &gt;This makes know sense. Yes, I do. Thanks for noticing. &gt;Why not any other axiological or metaethical theory? My goal is to foment and maintain what is genuinely ethical. I believe an egalitarian and genuinely mutually beneficial post scarcity existence is possible and sustainable, and grokking that specific net effect dynamic doesn't require much more than basic critical thinking skills -- trying to slap down arbitrary and detrimental philosophies while I comprehend and parse what is actually ideal shouldn't have to be difficult, and I'm starting to wonder how many actual rational actors exist in this mutual aspect. O_o [I'll send you an explanation of what is genuinely ethical once I gain enough comprehension and fluency to explain existence simply.](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=JWRHe6n5ytM) No, my ego ain't the problem. Thanks for your interest.
Could we help the future by discerning where blame belongs?
[What if me am like woo?](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=WtMlB-BEMso) Can't we be pragmatic without forsaking supposition?
Though I don't necessarily ascribe to the more rapturous hopes of singularity connoisseurs (I'd prefer to make something good happen rather than hoping for it), I don't actually sense much reason to accept puritanical pragmatism -- should we risk overlooking some less obvious paradigm for the sake of intellectual superiority?
If we're referring to predatory aggrandising (the sort that comprehensively diminishes others, and lacking a morally justified rationalization), I would tentatively agree. [Ego, however, isn't the actual problem, imo.](https://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/3ypqg9/man_suffers_only_because_he_takes_seriously_what/) Personally, I perform better with my ego intact, and would consider attempts to diminish my ego arbitrary, especially since I believe my existence is worthwhile.
&gt;I'm not sure what your question about "ontological systems" is asking. How would you alter existence to be more pleasant and rational if you found we existed within a system that isn't already ideal?
Ooh, neat. So if you were stupid and/or brave enough to front on elder gawds and cosmic horrors for the sake of a better existence, how would you begin? Please feel free to answer in realistic or Lovecraftian terms.
If I actually discover or contrive a more ideal system, and could prove as such, would you help me enact it?
If me am make more good and less bad, you halp me do dat?
I was trying to be funny -- sorry. Basically, I'd like to steer philosophy in a direction geared towards determining and enacting what is genuinely good rather than parsing and classifying paradigms.
I'm discussing the nature of being, isn't that in line with ontology, or is that a misnomer?
If you were going to, how would you gear up?
No, if you had the cojones and ability to battle azazelthothkalisis or some such sort of cosmic fart clump, how would you start?
If circumstances suggested the preexisting system isn't ideal, and you were confident you could make something better happen, how would you address the issue?
I ain't asking about what a god would be. If given the opportunity, how would you improve existence if faced with the stated scenario?
Honestly? Abject terror made anxiety seem less important in comparison.
Could I plz get directions to the appropriate room? Thanks.
So how could one alter circumstances to make more fun and less ouch for biological life? I actually have some ideas, but they hinge in part upon the notion that we could both establish an effective rapport with supposed demiurges and/or contrive recourse so as to achieve utility homeostasis sans stagnation.
And what if it looks like I'd be happier if I was more dangerous?
There ain't enough glitter, nigga.
If it has desires akin to catharsis rather than following imperatives that don't account for the nuance of cognizant life.
If you're really a Bernie supporter, wouldn't you press the narrative that he's ultimately electable?
[Tales From A Horrifying Future](https://www.reddit.com/r/savethesmabs)
Comprehensive knowledge of the actual circumstances and someone I can actually trust.
Your platitude doesn't suggest things have to be like that.
Hey, I could use some extra cash. How much does centcom pay?
I still like the idea of reforming and bolstering UN security forces -- if operating effectively and in an intellectually honest manner, wouldn't an international force equate to less questionable invasions and more narrative integrity (yes, I believe narrative integrity is important and favorable).
I still like the idea of reforming and bolstering UN security forces -- if operating effectively and in an intellectually honest manner, wouldn't an international force equate to less questionable invasions and more narrative integrity (yes, I believe narrative integrity is important and favorable).
&gt;While I won't deny that I'm being snarky here, the point is that further cetralization of power above and beyond what is already the case, is more likely to produce corruption than justice. Are you trying to tell me an effective international delegation would be *more* corrupt than a gaggle of power brokers vying for national dominion? I'm vying for an ideal net effect scheme. If you wanna play checkers go find a kremlin fuckbuddy to sling scripted narrative ploys at.
&gt;If we could guarantee that level of competence in any human being, the world would be a vastly different place. I'mma give it a shot. Help me or get out of my way. Ladders and beans.
An international coalition would presumably be less prone to corruption for lack of immediate hierarchical exploitation and plausible deniability. If the CIA aimed their psy ops at the UN power structure, paired with sufficient public pressure (ahem) I think we could contrive a force that's both more effective and less corrupt. The key element would be narratives that both enforce the notion that the UN should be viable *and* to ensure UN mucky mucks are compelled to make genuinely mutually beneficial decisions rather than vying for scraps of peripheral power via geopolitical maneuvering. If the legit realpolitik was both obvious and the status quo we could make the UN viable and dedicated to an egalitarian net effect. If the centcommers are cockblocking that narrative I take that to imply their statistical metrics are discombobulated or that they don't have the best interests of the world community in mind.
My idealism is based upon a strategy of discerning what would actually be ideal (in egalitarian terms) then working upwards from there. I've made my decision, and I'm confident I can comprehend and parse what is actually ethical and ideal. [The implicit value of such a mentality is that I can discover and differentiate detrimental paradigms by cross referencing them with what I already know is beneficial, thereby making net effect dynamics easier to discern and foment.](http://m.imgur.com/lI7N7ce) Even if I sound naive and blustery, or otherwise at a disadvantage, I can guess with some accuracy who wants what, and why. That's a useful skill in a world bent on arbitrary intrigue.
Me am make more fun and less ouch. U halp?
Those words actually imply things, and I'm suggesting that discerning/determining what a genuine ideal net effect would be can neuter the effectiveness of political intrigue by making it obvious which paradigms are actually ethical and egalitarian. Pessimism doesn't imply pragmatism.
If I had comprehensive and applicable power I'd ensure it was employed correctly, if only to prove it's possible. Worst thing I'd do is take advantage of the implicit fame to have sex more often ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯. If my dumb ass could handle it I'd posit an international policing force is possible and sustainable, especially if janksters don't fudge it up intentionally. I'd also consider crowd sourced policing but that idea requires more think thonking.
I ain't convinced circumstances are already ideal. I think I could make something better happen and I'm going to try.
Wouldn't mindfulness only really make sense if we ultimately can't control our fates? Quotes like this are starting to sound more like "Don't bother improving your lives." now that I've learned more. GGSG. Smash the abyss.
I'll discern what concerns me.
&gt;it says to not wait for something outside yourself to make you happy in the future hence meaning it's saying that you should make yourself happy by taking action yourself and not waiting for others to help you lol Do you suppose you'd say differently if you were already doing that, knew of better ways of life, but were mired in janky triflin' minutiae despite that? &gt;also what's GGSG and smash the abyss referring to lol? GGSG: Good Good Super Green (now GGHG); a reference to artwork I haven't made yet in this iterative manifestation, but likely exists somewhere already -- inspired in part by [this](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=5goH0hxUM8A) -- anecdotal evidence of constructive recursion. ____ the abyss: My stock response to ideas such as [this](http://m.imgur.com/GnmdHkm). I swear these ideas make sense o__o Think thonk, plz.
Simplified suggestions: * Find a way to make a living doing something you enjoy. * Live as if you'll need to be content with your day to day life indefinitely -- if you knew you could spend the next 1,000 years simply working on things you enjoy, smoking bongs, and playing video games, *and* be content doing that, wouldn't the rest be gravy? * Find [music that gets you amped up, then listen to that music.](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=B0AX81gv5aM) Msg me if you wanna talk :D
Can my purpose be to permanently and brutally eliminate the ouch?
I discuss politics as a hobby, and the narrative ploys from either pro or anti israel contingents strike me as incongruous and arbitrary, so I'm trying to figure out to what extent comment shills are actually involved, but it's tough if people are downvoting based on popular sentiment. I honestly wanna know what's happening re: astroturfing.
Why? I like discussing things O_o
Can't we instead design mi to be rational, ensure said mi is beheld to the same sorts of incentives/deterrents as we are, and then enact and enforce interaction standards for any and all cognizance? I don't see why we'd do anything else if we're going to deign to contrive life outside the bounds of preexisting biological systems. Plus, if this method is viable we don't have to derpify the populace for the sake of opsec.
I was thinking more in terms of Reddit/first world domestic propaganda. Thanks for replying instead of downvoting, though. :)
Oh, hey, didn't you also arbitrarily razzle me in /r/askphilosophy? Please don't drag your ideological or rhetorical beefs into other subs. That said, what don't you comprehend re: my post? I'll be happy to elaborate. : )
Are you concerned about ethics in the slightest? Mind you, I ain't too timid to razzle agi (curb stomp the basilisk) -- rather, I don't think we should be creating life that's beheld to the whims of those who would forsake objective ethics.
Wouldn't creating intelligence that can't adapt it's own motives, methods, and mores inadvertently create incentive to find workaround methods for both mi and potential contingents who take game theory too seriously? Imo, the true goal is to discern what is actually ethical, egalitarian, and effective, then reverse engineer the necessary paradigms to make that occur. Duh. Simplify -- and I'd also suggest we work under the assumption that we'll encounter antipodal paradigms due to hubris, greed, and malaise, though I don't like the idea of trading the utility of pleasure for the sake of bucking off janksters who won't act correct. [Objective ethics, yo.](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=oGCc0WqvVT4)
Step 1: Discern what is actually ethical and egalitarian. Step 2: Discern how to make that occur, and why it isn't already occurring (I have some ideas). Step 3: Make that occur. Ta da! Abra-fuckin'-kadabra!
If you need someone to explain why we should be ethical for the sakes of utility maximization, redistribution, and homeostasis I would brazenly question your designation as a rational actor. What's your goal, precisely?
I'm suggesting we should determine and maintain stock values for any and all cognizance rather than designing something smarter than us as an "other". Do I need to explain the myriad ways that could go badly? Think thonk, brah.
She tryna catch a cheetoh in her mouf.
I'll smack a bitch ass ghost if I gotta.
They'll care.
Iunno if I approve of the hell method, but if Pope's funna front on some janksters I'll have his back. *swalute* Semper Ridiculum.
Based on what I know of Nietzsche (mostly quotes and what I've gleaned from internet discussion, admittedly), I'd classify him as some sort of proto-[guerrilla ontologist](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guerrilla_ontology). I do agree that I ain't fond of his views re: suffering or nihilism.
No, I actually have the skills, time, and motivation to make this happen. Plz don't harsh my steez cuz you're having a bad day or something. O_o
https://www.reddit.com/r/EffortPost/comments/1r5chu/effort_post_can_users_address_policy_through_the/ Workin' on it. Ideas?
If I wanted to make a novel game with simple animations using Unity, how long could I reasonably expect it to take to have a playable product?
Apparently you know how to get there, now go learn about politics and contribute something useful to society.
Thanks! I have graphic design, illustration, sound editing, and basic 3D modeling experience, so I figure if I start with something heavy on art but light on animation I could handle development myself. What would you suggest I learn if I want to make an old school dungeon crawler but with art and modeling that would qualify as professional? Example: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=iGmvsRgeS3Y
If you don't like the political discussion go improve it.
If you don't like the political discussion go improve it.
If you don't like the political discussion go improve it.
If you don't like the political discussion go improve it.
So... are you saying you care enough to complain, but not enough to improve political discourse? Doesn't that prove, by default, that you're more useless than circlejerkers?
Sanders circlejerking: could potentially alter society, hopefully in a good way. Complaining about circlejerking: ...
I actually agree that there are likely better options than our current two party system. I'm genuinely trying to convince you to help improve online political discussion, however. Here's this if you wanna add your indeterminate amount of cents: https://www.reddit.com/r/EffortPost/
https://www.reddit.com/r/EffortPost/ Halp. Make brain ideas good, then share. Yees.
?
[What if I gave love a shot and it didn't make the slightest difference? Similarly, what if protecting genuine love required some modicum of ire?](http://imgur.com/VxuIVu7)
Having been a friend of a schizophrenic, my advice is to stop worrying about whether people are scared and focus on ensuring you aren't really annoying, lol. Sorry if that sounds blithe, but erratic behavior tested my friendship more than stereotypes ever did.
Quick question: Does 'neurone' have a separate definition than 'neuron', or is that a misspelling?
Simplified suggestions: * Find a way to make a living doing something you enjoy. * Live as if you'll need to be content with your day to day life indefinitely -- if you knew you could spend the next 1,000 years simply working on things you enjoy, smoking bongs, and playing video games, *and* be content doing that, wouldn't the rest be gravy? * Find [music that gets you amped up](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=TbsBEb1ZxWA), then listen to that music. Msg me if you wanna talk :D
Based on what I know of the LeVayan variant, it strikes me as a sort of Pascal's wager form of social contract, as if followers are saying "I'm so confident in my individuality and personhood that I'll blithly suggest you should do as thou wilt, though that could have bad implications for me." An unwise opinion, imo. As for satanism in general, I'd say we don't really need to attach names to philosophies, especially ones with so much historical and ideological baggage.
Thanks.
I thought it was a fossilized imprint of a large camel-toed cephalopod.
Omnithonk spook punch. Pay no heed -- onwards and manywaywards. Semper Ridiculum.
Why? What opinions of yours prompted those sorts of replies?
