I don't have a comprehensive knowledge of Japanese VR titles, but Little Witch Delivery Service was released on Gear VR recently and Gliding Princess (plus a cyberpunk interactive FMV title iirc?) was in the recent VR Jam. There's also the car parking simulator, kitten simulator (Nyaaculus?), and Sword Art Online promotional demo. I think I remember a ski jump and fireplace demo. Edit: Oops, forgot Suwako-chan Cubic.
([Artist's impression.](http://www.reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/puking_rainbows_gravity_falls_looped.gif))
Unity 5 + OpenGL ES 3.0 is broken on the Galaxy S6. I'm not certain about Unity 4.x, but the release notes seem to indicate it's specific to 5.x.
You need to choose a side. It's not divisive enough, otherwise. ^(^:/)
Thanks! I certainly wasn't expecting this result when I first entered. To be honest I'd expected to have to drop out before the end :P.
Oops, I moved something on Dropbox and it broke all links :(. Fixed now. I also hope to have DK2 updates ready to match the new GearVR version, soon.
Thanks!
Yeah, I wasn't expecting as many compatibility issues either. Scorched Battalion started working on the S6 once I switched from GLES 3.0 to 2.0.
Hopefully many people will still be able to expand their games and get them onto the Oculus Store and/or elsewhere.
They mentioned some way of letting the judges test multiplayer games requiring two headsets seemingly without actually having two headsets in the same room. Presumably some sort of tunnelling to simulate a local network over the Internet? If so, maybe that broke Internet connectivity needed for analytics reports?
/u/Fastidiocy made the [concept image](http://www.reddit.com/r/oculus/comments/2xohqo/oculus_will_die_if_they_dont_x_at_gdc/cp2mvw9?context=3). I thought up some ideas for the controller, but largely I just evangelise for it. It was inspired by a prototype controller seen in the background of an image from when Oculus acquired Carbon Design. I originally suggested calling it the Palm^(^erluc)Key and /u/jonamaton else said just Palmer would be simpler.
Jewellery-tracking confirmed as the CV1 input method!
That's... actually less than I would have expected. A lot of things are admittedly downloaded without going through Share, though.
There's now a newer, globally-signed version on the [VR Jam page](http://vrjam.challengepost.com/submissions/36332-scorched-battalion). There's also [this alternate version](https://www.dropbox.com/s/f5p0tg7b6ywb2kl/GLnCjc2GS4unSlL4Ktjo_ScorchedBattalion_v0_6_1.apk?dl=1) that was downgraded to SDK 0.5.1 and seems to have better performance as a result.
I'm not advocating it, but it is technically possible to make something in UE4, or Unity with the right plugins, without particularly doing any programming. You'd need to work within the confines and limitations (and flaws) of whatever GUI system you were using, though, and knowing enough to be able to write at least some simple code would probably make things a lot easier even then. Starting with learning some code (the basics at least) seems like a good idea to me, but it's very difficult to learn from scratch without being able to do anything practical. Once you're familiar with one language you can basically sit down with a book and learn another in many cases, but when starting out, make sure you're at least set up to output text so you can mess about and see results when you want to. I don't know about UE4, but many Unity tutorials try to teach basic programming at the same time as the editor stuff. That may provide a reasonable way for you to be able to test what you write.
You install and it shows up in the normal app list like a normal, non-VR app. Run from there and it will prompt you to insert the phone into the headset.
I think Boo has been removed in Unity 5. JavaScript was most common in old Unity tutorials and docs, but they've mostly all used C# more recently. I like C#, though loose typing probably makes things easier to pick up at first.
They've advertised Lighthouse features as integral to the HTC Vive so far. Imho if the controllers, base stations or associated software fall victim to Valve Time, Vive will end up delayed to match it. (Hopefully not for as long as Steam Machines though.)
Are the OVR hooks available to change Rift-specific settings, reset the tracking position etc?
One should only rarely accept advice from a piece of fruit, in my experience.
I'd like to know if it's still possible to do a completely separate view for something like a telescope or rifle scope. ^(Or an eyepatch for a pirate simulator.)
"Multi-view rendering" is presumably the layer system added in 0.6.0? Apparently there was also some late-latching code included, but I don't know if it's functional or whether Unity actually makes use of either feature.
There's an older DK2 version on scorchedbattalion.com . I was thinking about updating it to the latest version once Unity 5.1p1 was available so I could do a Mac port at the same time.
The dev kit uses a sync cable, but the manual says it'll be gone for the consumer release.
Sharpen first; wave later.
Because the room and head tracking will still be running at 90fps, a low frame rate on the virtual screen won't actually cause nausea, by the way.
Ah, that's a point admittedly :/. I'd only been considering safety issues related to letting go of the controllers unintentionally. Still unfortunate if that's the reason.
Native Rift support in Windows 10 is the most impressive thing about the collaboration. That hopefully means everything will be plug &amp; play, no problems with getting Direct Mode working, no unnecessary latency or performance issues etc. If people think the virtual cinema is all there is to VR, that could put them off, but there'll always be some experience that could put people off if they mistakenly think it's all VR is about.
If they use Bluetooth, presumably they could technically connect and use the buttons and IMUs. If not, a receiver could perhaps be built into the headset? (which wouldn't be helpful for the existing GearVRs). Theoretically, I guess IR cameras on the headset or phone and track the controllers from there, but that seems unlikely for the near future.
Looking at that image makes me glad I'm not a moderator.
[NOOOOO^(OOOO^OOOOooo!)](http://i.imgur.com/4SNFME3.jpg)
I took it to be making fun of people's lack of imagination. Microsoft probably should have used something like the moon cinema for that video, though.
Shipping was US$75 for me in Australia. Some additional shipping options for CV1 would certainly be nice if that was possible (any chance of shipping directly from China?) Also note that the taxes this country requires us to pay don't apply to purchases under $1000 if shipped from overseas.
People will be worried about it again [a few weeks](http://www.reddit.com/r/oculus/comments/36g2oo/the_rift_is_an_open_platform_we_dont_control_what/crebs8d) from now. (If not hours.)
&gt; So it's a little heavier [than Crescent Bay]. (For durability reasons). Interesting -- hopefully not too much heavier. &gt; **What is the field of view of the consumer Rift?** &gt; "We're not announcing the exact spec here today, but it's very wide. It's no less than anything you've seen before." DK1 or greater FOV confirmed?
You might already mean this, but to clarify for anyone who's unsure: You should already be able to turn 360 degrees with the consumer Rift and one camera, due to LEDs on the back plate, but controllers would be blocked by your body while facing away. Two cameras would also allow for more accurate and reliable tracking and a larger overall tracking area.
Not certain I properly understand your implication, but my point was that if Oculus doesn't add Rift support to the OpenVR library themselves, it seems fairly certain someone else will. As far as I know it already supports DK2.
No problem. On that subject, can anyone tell me whether OpenVR currently interfaces with the Oculus SDK or attempts to act as a replacement for it? I haven't looked into it yet. I guess a few changes will need to be made to their Unity implementation now that Unity is attempting to support multiple headsets natively.
The VRJam version is already available at Pangasinan's link. Iirc the developer said it was rejected for the Oculus Store.
Only problem is that you can't access the indexes on mobile devices.
I'd also be interested in the draft if it's not a problem.
&gt; I wonder why Bethesda didn't support the Rift It could be partly because their lawsuit against Oculus is ongoing.
It hasn't been buggier for me (though there was a performance issue on GearVR that's at least mostly fixed in 0.6.0.1). I had the impression that when people talked about bugginess they were referring to the 0.6.0 runtime causing issues with software that hadn't been updated to use 0.6.0, but I could be wrong.
The linked 0.6.0 version was using Unity 5.0.2. I've updated to 5.1 recently but am still having issues at this point. Lightmaps stopped working and performance was roughly halved on the Gear VR.
From the look of the Oculus controllers I expect it'd be easier to forget they're there, which would make them very versatile and help with hand presence. The wand feeling might be an improvement in a few cases, though (e.g. swords or fishing poles?)
Though you might need to connect some sort of receiver. Maybe they'll use the Xbox controller's wireless receiver? There's also the possible second camera.
Reading the user comments on that article is kind of interesting/confusing. They range from 2012 to the present day in no particular order.
Maybe it's just that everyone's searching for the term "Valve's SteamVR HTC Re Vive"?
I'd love that, but I'm afraid that even though it was originally developed for the PS3, they mightn't get it running at the necessary frame rate in VR. And either way, they could easily feel that the camera movements would be too inclined to cause nausea. Hope I'm wrong, though, since even if I couldn't personally stomach it for long it'd be great just to be able to look around the environments.
Most games are, but apparently a few of the tech demos, at least, genuinely are running at 120fps (e.g. the PS4 controller demo with the little robots).
I don't know about any list, and not many are confirmed, but at least a few missing (e.g. Monster Escape which they'll supposedly be demoing, Loading Human which they may not be demoing).
&gt; So one of the things our games teams suggested and our hardware guys agreed to implement is for PS4 game developers [to] be able to render two different screens at the same time: one for Morpheus and one for TV. So what you are going to try and see at this E3? Japan Studio has made a new demo called Monster Escape. So that's a five-player game; one versus four. One being the person wearing Morpheus. And if you're in Morpheus, you become the Monster. And the four people holding the DualShock and looking at the TV and playing the game like a regular game [are] against the monster. I was asking about this ages back. It'd be really handy if it could be made easy to do in Unity. There are several potential uses. (Though a sensor to detect when the headset is donned/removed would cover one of them). &gt; So, it's just natural for them to come up with a hand solution. And it's great for devs, because without Oculus doing it, devs would have to make a tough choice to use Move and Valve to allow the hand presence and skip Oculus or redesign for Oculus. Or not use it at all. ... I am so happy about their announcement. Exactly what I'd been thinking.
Plus it already has comfort-mode turning.
As far as I know, Valve's actual Chaperone system can be used with any headset supported by OpenVR (e.g. DK2) if the developers set it up.
There's already a greater problem with PS Move not having a trackpad or analogue stick. It'll cause some limited fragmentation, but not of the sort that having no motion controls would, where you need to choose between - or attempt to support - two completely different methods of interacting with a game. It's mostly just like one controller has a few more buttons, and devs have been working around that with console controllers etc. for a long time now.
...Because you place your coffee cup down on a coaster?...
That just doesn't sound weird enough to interest me.
Sounds good to me. I guess the argument against it might be that it reminds you you're actually wearing a headset, though games that it wasn't suited for wouldn't have to make use of it. I'd like a dedicated recentre button on the headset, personally. If they use a sensor to tell whether it's on your face like the Gear VR, though, that might work well enough I guess.
Depends on how you define it. We call HMD tracking "head tracking".
I'd guess tightening it could get you slightly closer, though normally it'd make sense to set the tightness for whatever's comfortable. Obviously removing the glasses extender would be the main thing, and some of the facial interfaces might effectively put your eyes closer to the lenses than others depending on your head shape.
Will source files for Toybox be provided to developers as an example of how to set up interactions with the Touch controllers?
Volume: Vive's is bigger because it uses two base stations if nothing else. The Rift can use two cameras but only comes with one. Setup: To use Vive's larger tracking area you need to set up two base stations, preferably high near the corners of your room looking down. Base stations need to connect to power or have batteries [charged/replaced?] (nothing known about battery life) Cost, options, cables: No one knows. From HTC comments it sounds as if Vive is likely to be more expensive. Vive comes with motion controllers, Rift comes with Xbox One wireless controller (motion controllers released separately afterwards). Rift is reportedly lighter and more comfortable for now, but the final consumer Vive hasn't been revealed yet.
I didn't downvote, but: Technically it's six months maximum between the CV1 and Touch releases if we assume no delays, not minimum. Since CV1 is unlikely to launch on New Year's Day, it'll probably be something less than that. Some Touch dev kits are already in developer's hands, and it's the consumer release of Touch that's supposed to be in the first half of 2016. Software will likely be available as most devs will want to port their motion-controlled Vive games to the Rift. It'll probably be about six months from the Vive release, though (assuming that's not delayed), so I'm not recommending holding off or anything. Both are likely to be good choices for slightly different reasons.
Are we sure that wouldn't be an advantage in VR?
Costs involved in handling the extra SKU would be greater than the savings on the headphones. Some people will probably end up breaking theirs, so you could always give or sell your spares to them.
I've been a proponent of a camera on the headset in the past, but if it was similar to Gear VR's passthrough system (hold button for a few seconds to bring up menu, select Passthrough option, tap and wait for the camera to start up), it wouldn't be that useful to be honest.
It is in the case of local multiplayer games.
Plus they clearly state they're talking about a partnership deal that would lock the Rift to a specific game console (i.e. if Microsoft or Sony purchased them), which is unrelated to their recent deal with Microsoft. Edit: On the Fresnel lenses, by the way, Palmer mentioned in his recent [RoadToVR interview](http://www.roadtovr.com/24-minutes-with-oculus-founder-palmer-luckey-on-rift-cv1-touch-controllers-fresnel-lenses-and-more/) that CV1's lenses are a hybrid of fresnel and traditional lens technologies with more advanced machining than normal, so his comments on common Fresnel lenses probably still stand.
Another problem is that the Rift tracking camera almost certainly still has a filter on it to block non-IR light.
Something they should have mentioned when asked about the advantages of a wide FOV is that, when seated, it's actually really awkward to look directly behind yourself with a ~100 degree FOV. Normally you turn your eyes far to the side in that situation. It'd be handy for things like flight sims where you want to be able to glance in any direction without a swivel chair. Overall, though, while I'd love to try it, I don't think I'll be buying one any time soon.
This made me think of not a bad way to explain VR to people who haven't tried it. "Imagine you have a huge IMAX screen in front of you. VR is the cinema seats surrounding you and the people seated next to you."
Ah I see -- it's possible that Meltdown would have problems even if it did work in Extended Mode just because it needs the 0.6.0 runtime, depending. Out of interest, what happened when you tried to use the 0.6.0 runtime? (E.g. it wouldn't install? It installed but nothing worked?)
So you're saying the information was old, but they hadn't changed the basic HMD design since then, therefore Palmer lied when he said it was old?
^(One of the few times I've seen "hear hear" written correctly on the Internet.)
&gt; I'm speaking strictly on the design of the consumer version. You might be, but Palmer wasn't. He was responding to the leak generally. In fact, he mentioned specific examples from the leak in his post, and none of them were the HMD design. The HMD itself was old in any case as evidenced by the green glowing earphones and particularly the front-facing camera (which wouldn't have been removed immediately before the final version was locked down considering how iterative and cautious the design process has been). Like I said, we can disagree over whether "ancient" was the correct word to use. I think it was too strong, but obviously nobody thought the images were ~thousands of years old so it was clearly hyperbole either way. The argument becomes "how old does 'ancient' mean when not used literally?" ^(Edit: Considering that the basic design in the leaked image builds closely upon Crescent Bay's, it's not plausible that Palmer intended people to believe it was DK1-era stuff.)
[Associated article.](http://uploadvr.com/room-scale-possible-testing-the-standing-tracking-volume-on-the-oculus-rift/) Note that Oculus has confirmed that you can set cameras up in the corners of the room if you want -- Palmer said the E3 units weren't set up for maximum tracking volume. Obviously you'd need to get hold of a second camera (seems plausible that the Touch controllers might come with one), and run a USB cable from the camera to your PC. If things are what they seem to be in the video, the CV1 tracking camera's FOV must be enormous. I was expecting it to be wider than Crescent Bay, but nothing like that.
Good question. Could also be to avoid people noticing light leakage around the nose or something, I guess.
Ask [Kanye West](http://www.reddit.com/r/oculus/comments/3a8ceq/kanye_west_latest_celebrity_vr_convert) for his impressions, maybe? (Or just wait for the next [tech awards ceremony](https://imgflip.com/i/n7c3w).)
I'm afraid I can't remember where exactly, but an Oculus member said either here or on the Oculus forums that the current GearVRs would continue to be supported after things went full consumer so to speak, and it's been recommended to developers that they try to support all models.
At least one person said you can hold the controller that way while otherwise opening your hand completely.
I [agree](http://www.reddit.com/r/oculus/comments/3a28mp/mark_reign_the_oculus_touch_was_truly_ground/cs8p3zh?context=3) (the pictured hand strap looks like it could still fly off if you were waving your hands around, though, so it might need some adjustments). There'd probably still be time for them to change something like that at this point. If not, though, the controller looks as if it'll be great anyway.
Just adding to that: GreenManGaming has frequent ~25% off coupons (for Steam keys). See also isthereanydeal.com
I couldn't even locate the original GameStar piece (maybe it was in their print magazine but not online? Or they pulled it offline? Or I just missed it) to check whether they give any source for the information. It's pretty-much just rumour at this point.
I wonder how they'll handle things like Unity integration?
Ah, thanks! They attribute the info to Jeff Gatis of HTC. Assuming it's not a misunderstanding (on either GameStar or HTC's part), it seems legit. Edit: Here's the Google Translated excerpt for anyone interested: &gt; Although Steam is making great efforts, with steamos to push its own Linux-derivative as a gaming operating system in the market that will initially work exclusively with Vive Windows. Steam boxes were always too slow for the Vive-VR, Gattis smirked mischievously, you prefer to concentrate on the Windows operating system.
[Cow towing.](http://compasscayman.com/uploadedImages/caycompass/2014/09/12/Cow-Tow.jpg)
Unfortunately, wild speculation is an unforgivable crime here on /r/oculus. You are forever banished lest your unprecedented example influence others of our innocent and blameless society.
Ah, sorry, I was only meaning when untethered. Sounds like it uses the Cardboard SDK for now at least.
What will help Gear VR will likely be the full consumer release expected later this year.
Pretty unfortunate that Scorched Battalion crashed. I guess the combination of the phone already starting to overheat plus the WiFi streaming video capture was too much for it.
No update to the Unity integration package with this version. I wonder if they intend to keep providing a standard package in addition to one that works with native Unity VR support?
GirlVR's post is good and constructive and overall I agree with both you and her. Just wanted to throw in some related thoughts. When I first learned electronic games existed at the age of four ^((possibly three)^), I was intensely interested and basically thought of little else for some time ^((or, arguably, "from then on")^). Nobody needed to market them to me -- they were in fact Nintendo Game &amp; Watch games owned by female relatives and, with the possible exception of Donkey Kong, were fairly gender-neutral: spray insects to protect your greenhouse, move washing lines to avoid raindrops falling on your washing. Preventing me from attempting to involve myself with these sorts of things would have been a difficult task without killing me. I found I was able to sense the high-pitched sound of an arcade machine's CRT screen at considerable distances. After eventually managing to get hold of a second-hand Vic 20 from another relation, if the type of games I wanted to play didn't exist I attempted to create them ^(with varying, but mostly low, levels of success). Early on, being known to even own a computer actually attracted a level of social stigma at my school. When I heard of VR, I had a strong compulsion to try it that basically lasted 20+ years. Now, it's very obvious that not all males react this way (though afaik many of the first computer games were created by those who did), and there are women and girls who do have the same kind of reaction as me. Some of those girls will have been opposed by sexism on the part of their parents/guardians and, with some effort, prevented or deterred from pursuing their interest. My point is simply that if people are really strongly interested in something, it's not always easy to put them off with scattered insensitive comments or vague social expectations, as bad as some of those things may be. /u/girlvr and others in this thread are examples of that. I myself see things that I find offensive or disagreeable with some frequency in the regions of the Internet I frequent, and I don't expect that will ever change. None of this means there aren't serious problems that need to be fixed, I just don't think they are the sole, or necessarily even the main, cause of the lower average interest among some groups. From both a personal and a business perspective I'd love to get all demographics more interested in the things that interest me, but I don't see changing anyone's inclinations regarding VR as a moral imperative. ^(Edited for typos.)
Essentially it's because very little research has been done and nobody is sure that it *couldn't* cause damage. If anything the research I've heard of (on primates) suggested it would be unlikely to cause permanent damage even with extreme, long-term use, but I wouldn't want to try it. It shouldn't be any worse than watching a 3D movie on a screen, though. As far as I know the occasional *short* session is less likely to cause harm than a lot of other things kids do.
Sounds great! Hopefully sales will pick up again when the consumer Vive and Rift are released.
An expanded Arpeture Science experience is rumoured, and seems plausible, but I haven't seen any actual evidence. I'd think they'll be likely to officially announce more software when preorders open, if not earlier, so if there's no word of it by then it probably isn't happening (anytime near the launch date at least).
A better question might be how many will run well enough on a laptop.
Still presumably easier to arrange some form of battery pack than try to roll your own positional tracking system for CV1, though. Anyone know whether it was confirmed that CV1 runs off USB3.0 power only, by the way? I thought I heard it did, but can't remember where if so.
Ah, apologies, I must have misread it. Post deleted to avoid misleading people.
I was just taking FRAGZILLAZ' word for it. Fictional characters, idol groups, and a segment of female j-pop bands, then :p.
If it's not discrete, it's probably not technically a "card".
