That's going to make it look completely bizarre, like a triangular spruce lollipop on a stick, and it's only going to get even more bizarre as the tree matures and gets bigger. A natural spruce outline includes the branches sweeping softly all the way down to the ground. Lopping off the lower branches 8 feet up is ugly IMO. Much better to let it go as unworkable. There is also the issue of the home's foundation. A large tree like that needs to be at least 20 feet away.
Where are you located? Precisely when did you transplant them? Did they flower in previous years? How long had they been living next to the driveway? Are you asking about the ones you moved, or the ones still next to the driveway, or both?
Why is it like that? Did someone prune it, or disease, or what?
&gt; I guess I have to trust (or hope) that local commercial nurseries grow speices suited to this area My understanding of the article is that it depends on the species. &gt;I guess I have to trust (or hope) that local commercial nurseries grow speices suited to this area You really have to know your nursery. Some of them are simply outlets for mass market stuff, in which case they're going to sell whatever is the most popular.
Nothing is going to grow in the dense shade under the maple. You can grow greens and lettuce in dappled shade. If you can pick a spot that gets the full blast of the 6 hours of direct, continuous sunlight, without being filtered through any tree leaves, you can grow peppers, tomatoes, etc. A 6x6 box is going to need stepping stones in the middle to enable you to reach the center without walking on the soil,which compacts it. Raised beds tend to be multiples of 4 feet wide, not 6, such as 4x4, 4x8 etc This is because the average human can reach 2 feet into a bed while kneeling at the side, so a 4 foot wide bed allows you to reach the center from either side without stepping on the soil.
Oaks, hickories, walnuts, and hornbeams have deep roots, but they're all slow-growing, and I have no idea how good they are at "soaking" up groundwater. Where are you located? What spot in your landscaping are you trying to fill with a tree?
Not sure how you're defining "flat", but Fannie Farmer's Banana Bread has been my go-to for years, and it's definitely rounded. http://www.grouprecipes.com/14816/fanny-farmers-banana-nut-bread.html The bananas should be black-ripe, and you should mash them with a potato masher to nearly liquid. You can omit the whole eggs and just use egg whites if you're cooking for low-cholesterol people. The strange thing is that it uses no fat or oil at all, so it's also suitable for low-fat diet.
&gt;It's called jasmine. That's what they mean by jasmine when the mention jasmine. There are a lot of different plants that go by the colloquial name "jasmine", and in this particular case, the plant that the OP is asking about isn't a jasmine at all.
They need the equivalent of an inch of rain every week, so if it doesn't rain all week, you'll need to water them. Also if your weather turns hot, dry, and windy, they'll need some extra waterings until they're established and start putting out new growth.
Cantaloupe = watermelon, basically. Same regimen, same care, same pests. Large melons take longer to come ripe, but Moon and Stars is smaller so not as lengthy a wait. Bunnies figure that canteloupe = watermelon, too. You need a bunny fence. Any wire fence will do, but either : A. the bottom wire needs to be pegged tight to the ground so Bun can't push his head and shoulders under it, and shove it up, and wriggle under. or B. The bottom 12" or so needs to be buried. or C. You lay out the bottom 12" flat on the ground next to the fence, in an L-shape. If there's plenty of other food around, a simple wire fence may be enough to discourage them. Note that a full-grown rabbit can wriggle easily through a chain link fence opening, so any wire fencing has to have openings smaller than that. Chicken wire, or hardware cloth.
Plants that will root from cuttings will root eventually, given the right conditions. All that the rooting hormone does is speed up the process, which means that the cutting has a better chance of evading rot while it's waiting for its new roots. Some plants root so readily from cuttings, suckers, and shoots that there's no need to use rooting hormone. Some plants that will root eventually from cuttings, suckers, and shoots will benefit from using rooting hormone to speed it up a bit. So, it depends.
Only if they get sprayed with the soap. It's not toxic the way that pesticides are. If they get enough of it on them, it's possible that they could be harmed. Think of the soapy water as nail polish remover, and a bug's waxy cuticle coating as the nail polish. How badly the nail polish gets messed up depends on how much nail polish remover gets on it.
Yes, but I'd combine it with an insecticidal soap, because spider mites are THE #1 indoor plant problem. You'll need to do repeated treatments, and frankly, if the seedlings aren't rare or exotic, personally I'd toss them (Hefty sack and landfill, not compost them) and start over. Spider mites are that bad, and that difficult to get rid of, and that contagious. &gt;my indoor garden has a bit of a spider mite issue This is kinda like saying, "I have a bit of a gonorrhea issue." A few squirts of neem aren't going to fix it in a couple of days.
How to prune lilacs. http://gardening.about.com/od/pruning/a/Pruning_Lilacs.htm Unless you're in Nunavut and your flowers have just now faded, it's too late in the season to prune. They bloom on old wood.
I'm assuming this is the back yard? You could have a lovely little cottage garden there of flowers, either annuals or perennials, or veg, except that you'd have to water them. I'd put a climbing rose up a trellis at the corner. Or you could grow tomatoes. If you seriously don't want to have to water, and it doesn't receive any natural rainfall at all due to the overhang, then you're looking at rocks, because the drought-tolerant xeriscaping plants native to the desert southwest can't survive a snowy, cold Pittsburgh winter. You could put in some native prairie plants like coneflowers and rudbeckia, which can get by with little water, but they can't survive with zero water. Some thoughts. They're still going to need *some* water. http://extension.psu.edu/prepare/emergencyready/drought/landscape/garden Talk to the Master Gardeners, see if they have any ideas. http://extension.psu.edu/counties
Go ahead and take them with you, because chances are excellent that they will be mowed as weeds after you leave.
Were they male or female blossoms? It's normal for male blossoms to be jettisoned, they only last for 1 day. Same for female, but if your plant is jettisoning female blossoms, it means they aren't being fertilized and you aren't going to get any veg, so you want to look into hand pollinating. Also, frequently zukes have trouble get their guys n gals coordinated, so it's not unusual to have males-only or females-only at first, which of course wither and die.
They are all run through state universities. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cooperative_State_Research,_Education,_and_Extension_Service#Cooperative_Extension_System
Bird netting is the method of choice.
I see that now, just FYI'ing you. I like single mums myself better than cushion mums.
http://www.lecreuset.com/cast-iron-mini-cocotte &gt;*Whether starting with an appetizer of warm spinach and artichoke dip or finishing a meal with individual portions of fruit cobbler, the Mini Cocotte is a versatile and convenient solution for both preparation and serving.* Use it like a ramekin. Eggs en cocotte.
I enjoy making general recommendations to people, but then I kinda assume that after that, you're going to take the ball and run with it, and start looking for things you like, not wait on me to tell you what to plant.
Ok. [Imgur](http://imgur.com/XVJ165K,wMqe7mI#0) Picture 1. You want to remove your front sidewalk and bump out the front foundation bed to about 3 feet wide, all the way across the front of the house towards the side door. You're going to keep the side walkway the way it is. The basement window well and the gas/electric meter make it what I call a "utility corridor". It's useless space for much gardening since the meter reader has to be able to access the meter. The blue crosshatching is an optional second flowerbed that you can put on the other side of the walk. It should be no wider than half the width of the new sidewalk. If you go wider than that, you start getting into serious perennial flower borders. You can have this blue crosshatch flowerbed run around the corner of the house and continue to parallel the sidewalk all the way to the side door, or you can stop it at the corner at a right angle, or you can make a curvy bit at the corner. It's up to you. There isn't really a right way or a wrong way. This bed can have any kind of flowers that you like. Perennials like daylilies and iris, annuals like petunias. Only thing is, they have to be smallish, say not over 18" high. This is because you don't want them hiding what's in the main foundation bed next to the house. The main foundation bed will have a trellis on the far left. It can be a rose or a vine like a clematis, or whatever. You need a vertical note there. If you don't want a vine and trellis, you can do a tall juniper or something, but it will need cutting back in a few years. The rest of the bed will be a mixed border, of either plain green shrubs and things like succulents, or flowering shrubs, or perennials, or a mix. The important thing is that they have rounded or curvy outlines--i.e. no rectangular yew shrubs, no boxy bushes made with the hedge clippers. You want soft curves because your house's facade is so right-angle geometric. Think floribunda rosebushes, not square evergreens. You want tallest things in back, but no taller than the bottom of the window. Then medium-sized things in the middle, and smallest things in front. You can continue the smallest things around the corner next to the house, in those dribs and drabs of soil in the utility corrider. Or put in some petunias or marigolds. Just because it's the utility corridor doesn't mean it can't have some flowers. There's a scribbly red tree at the corner of the house. This should be a small tree such as a Japanese maple, redbud, dogwood, birch, flowering crabapple/cherry/plum, or similar. It goes at a strategic spot on the corner at least 10 feet from the foundation (because of roots) which you will have to eyeball yourself. This softens the corner of the house and helps to hide the utility corridor. On the porch you have your planters, deck tubs, half-barrels, urns, whatever. It doesn't have to be four, but they should be symmetrical. Look at it from the street and see. Possibly a small decorative bench for guests instead of the patio table and chairs. Picture 2. Your bed to the right of the porch needs to have either (1) rounded things, or (2) curvy things. The window above the bed is so completely rectangular that the rectangular raised bed below it only hammers away at the rectangularness of the whole setup. Put some rounded, curvy, assymetrical things in the bed. They should reach almost to the windows. Your front yard looks good. That's an excellent specimen tree in the front, and good placement on whatever the large bush is in the right-hand corner. Someone was paying attention when they put those two things in. Overall, you have a classic American Prairie School ranch house as filtered through the lens of 20th century suburban domestic architecture, with the long, low silhouette, the narrow band of windows, and the deep overhanging eaves. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prairie_School So you want to go with classic American flowers and plants, things with soft, loose outlines like rudbeckia, coneflower, phlox, petunias. You want to avoid overly formal things like clipped boxwoods or rigorously pruned privets. Get with the Master Gardeners at the extension office for ideas for specific plants, they LOVE picking out plants for people.
Not a recommendation, just a "well, there it is." What did you search under? I used "watering timers". &gt;preferably under 50 dollars Probably going to be more. http://www.amazon.com/Orbit-56233D-3-Outlet-Digital-Watering/dp/B004PVK4GK/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1433593023&amp;sr=8-3&amp;keywords=watering+timers &gt;*Watering frequency from every 6 hrs up to every 7th day* http://www.amazon.com/MELNOR-4-Zone-Digital-Water-Timer/dp/B0094KM4VK/ref=sr_1_4?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1433593023&amp;sr=8-4&amp;keywords=watering+timers
Anything you would cook on a grill. This is a good primer. http://www.thekitchn.com/kitchen-basics-how-to-use-your-112585
Know that weeds will sprout in a week or two from your bare dirt, because (A) Nature abhors a vacuum, and (B) Life...uh, finds a way. So in order to maintain your scorched earth policy, you're going to have to keep scorching the earth. The kill-everything is Roundup (glyphosate) and this includes bushes, trees, and flowers that you may like. And also your neighbor's bushes, trees, and flowers that he may like, when spray drift carries it over into his yard. So do your spraying on a non-windy day.
Your best starting point is your county extension office. They have a federal mandate to help homeowners with garden problems, and their Master Gardeners just love to hand out advice. They will have plant lists, schedules, guides, all kinds of stuff. All free of charge, Your Tax Dollars At Work. Call them on Monday. http://cesanmateo.ucanr.edu/
[Potato eyes.](https://www.google.com/search?q=potato+eye&amp;biw=1067&amp;bih=498&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ei=fzd0Vb6fEIWzyATg4YHwBA&amp;ved=0CAYQ_AUoAQ) The bumps on the skin that sprout and then grow into potato plants. I don't know if yours are too small to plant, I have not had much experience with growing potatoes. But if they have eyes, they will at least sprout. The question is whether a tiny potato has enough starch to fund adequate top growth.
Keep your grass cut short, or get rid of it and put in flowerbeds, pathways, and mulch.
Just FYI, it's not Trader Joe's fault. http://www.clemson.edu/extension/peach/afg_columns/numerous_factors_affect_peach_quality.html &gt;*Water availability is most critical during the stage III (final swell) phase of fruit growth. Limited water availability during this phase may cause fruit to be smaller and “sweeter” while too much water may cause fruit to have a thinner cuticle and a higher percentage of water loss after harvest.* During the swell phase, water is critical. Too little and you get small but sweet peaches. Too much, and you get what you bought at Trader Joe's--insipid peaches. The most logical explanation is that they sourced these peaches from one of the places where it was raining non-stop during the month of May. So it's not their fault. Blame Mother Nature. Or global warming, whichever you prefer. :D
First you need an ID. Head on over to /r/whatsthisplant and to /r/marijuanaenthusiasts (yes, really). It looks like it might be winterkill to me, depending on what it is.
No, actually, landscape fabric is very difficult to roll out after everything is planted, because you have to cut holes for the plants in it as you go along. It's much easier to cut your holes first, then lay it down and plant things into the holes.
No worries, not an issue.
A single 7" high layer is fine, mainly because potting mix is not cheap. No need to dig down into the dirt, but do cover any grass or weeds with cardboard before you add your potting mix, to smother them out. By the time your plants need to send their roots down into the dirt under your raised bed, the cardboard will have rotted down.
Roses don't need a lot of fussy care, so I'd trim off the obviously crispy-brown-and-dead bits, give it a dose of either rosebush fertilizer, or a big double handful of rich compost, and then leave it alone while you get on with your other gardening projects. You might also mulch around it with a few inches of shredded bark, because not only will this improve moisture-retention, but also it will help to delineate where it is, so as to avoid mowing it down by accident, which is a thing that happens to straggly roses. Which direction does the house wall face?
Triple sheet of newspaper works well, too. Any mulch, really. This year, pull your weeds as they appear, before they have a chance to flower and set seed.
A tomato is a tropical perennial vine. Unless it's killed by frost, it will keep growing and growing, basically forever, as long as the sunlight, water, and nutrients last. In temperate zones with cold winters, gardeners are accustomed to seeing their tomato plants grow to maybe 6 feet high (if they do it right lol) over the course of a summer. But in a greenhouse, all bets are off. Gardeners at Disney's Epcot have trained a single tomato vine into a room-filling tree. No special techniques here, just the vine continually growing and putting out new branches, and the gardeners deciding where to put them. [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/WqjzP6w.jpg)
The chemicals that make lettuce taste bad to people are the same chemicals that make it taste bad to bugs and caterpillars. It's a defense mechanism on the part of the plant.
&gt;should i hold of on transferring the pods to a pot for now? Pods? Aren't they individual seedlings?
For edibles, anything that you consume for its leaves--spinach, all kinds of greens, swiss chard, all the lettuces. Bear in mind that they'll grow more slowly than they would if they were in full sun, but the important thing is that they'll grow at all. Tomatoes or peppers would simply get leaves, but no flowers or fruit. Root veg includes carrots, beets, turnips, radishes, etc.
Well, they're born pregnant, yanno. A single aphid can repopulate the entire rose bush all by herself in a few days. It's not enough to do it "from time to time", ya gotta keep after it, or you'll never catch up. Daily is ideal.
**PART THE SECOND** Now, it's time for reconnaissance. With the jungle, you couldn't see what you were doing. Hopefully some of it has been decimated so you can get in there and see. BTW, triclopyr is chemically similar to 2,4,5-T, which was one-half of Agent Orange. I give you permission to play "Ride of the Valkyries" while you do this. Go around the house. You're looking for something: trunks. You want to locate every trunk and stem that's coming out of the ground. Think of it as looking for the Alien Queen's nest. Don't cut them, just mark them on the soil with some kind of bright spray paint or something, so you can find them again easily. Don't paint the trunks because that's where the weedkiller is going to go, and you don't want to seal off any cells or bark. Spray the ground. Be aware that many people get a rash from handling trumpet vine, so cover up for this. Especially watch your face, as the vines will whip around. Once you have them all marked, you're going to move into Phase 2: The Shreddening (aka "Stem Injection Frilling or Hack-and-Squirt" but I like "The Shreddening" better). You want some undiluted concentrate in a squirt bottle, and some kind of sharp tool with which to shred, score, and otherwise rip up the bark on each and every stem and trunk that comes out of the ground. I use an old serrated pruning saw to scratch the bark all up. A steak knife or old serrated bread knife works. Girdle the stem, too. Pour that good stuff all over the torn bark and cambium, getting it into the cuts. On vigorous, mature plants, this works better than the cut-stump-and-paint technique, because when you cut the stump, the cells immediately begin to close it off, and there's a very short window of time for the stump to absorb the herbicide. And besides, you're reserving that for Phase 3, should you need it. Now, if you want to, to spare your collateral damage, you can skip Phase 1 with the hose-end sprayer, and go straight to The Shreddening. However, IME, with vines of this size and maturity, it's better if you soften it up first with some spraying, start getting those biochemical processes all fucked up. But if the idea of dousing your entire property with herbicide is disturbing, that's fine. It will just take longer this way. So, you go around and administer weedkiller concentrate to the cuts, making sure to work quickly while the cuts are still fresh, before the cells have a chance to seal them off. Then you wait another couple of weeks. By this time you should be seeing major dieback, but you need to give it time to finish dying. You won't really know it's dead until it's summer 2018 (yes, that's not a typo, 2018, two years after the next presidential election) and it hasn't come back. So when you see new branches coming out of a trunk (and AS SOON AS you see them, not "next weekend" or "pretty soon now" or "when we get back from vacation"), you do Phase 3: The Stumpening. You probably can't do Phase 2 again because it's all shredded to heck. This is where you cut off the vine, snip it right off with loppers, pruners, or a pruning saw, and paint or squirt concentrate on the cut end of the stump, again, working quickly before the cells can seal it off. If you see some spots where another Shreddening would be productive, go for it. Cut it off about 12" above the ground. This leaves you room to re-do The Stumpening an inch lower down, should you need to in the future. If, at any time in this process, you see new shoots coming directly out of the ground, you can either spray them with a standard dose of the weedkiller from an ordinary ready-to-use sprayer (like the gallon size you can buy at Walmart, no need to get out the hose-end sprayer for a single shoot), or simply snip them off with the pruners. They are evidence of the plant's last stand. It's giving up on the existing top growth and is trying to reboot itself from the roots. Weedkiller will give it an additional dose of poison; snipping it off will simply remove its photosynthesis from the equation. But whichever, do *something*. Don't be like, Oh, huh, there's another shoot. Get *after* it, snip that motherfucker off with the kid's kindergarten Fiskars from the dining room table if nothing else. So, this is your life until summer 2018. Eternal vigilance. Health risks: Are cumulative. So every time you spray it with the hose-end sprayer, wear your complete hazmat outfit. Every time you spray it with the little sprayer, wear your goggles, face mask, and gloves. Every time you're mixing it or squirting it, wear gloves. Triclopyr is not a likely human carcinogen. http://npic.orst.edu/factsheets/triclotech.pdf Glyphosate is not a likely human carcinogen. http://www.epa.gov/iris/subst/0057.htm The only herbicide-free way to remove this is by continually cutting it down. Go around the house and cut off everything at ground level. Repeat every time you see any new growth--cut it off. With a Sleeping Beauty castle's worth of big, old trumpet vine like you have, this is going to take a long, long, long time. That fucker has 20 to 30 years' worth of carbs stored, easily, and that's assuming that you're super-proactive in cutting off every shoot that you see as soon as you see it. Herbicide makes it all so much quicker.
Ok, well, badgers then.
Just stack 2 or 3 of them up in front of the dirt. They don't need to be buried. Inertia and gravity will hold them in front of the dirt. Or you could use cinder blocks, bricks, whatever. It's not that big a slope and there's not that much dirt to hold back. It's more to prevent soil from washing out endlessly than it is to hold back soil per se.
Ants are a normal component of your garden's ecosystem, and as long as they're not fire ants, and as long as they aren't farming aphids on your plants, there's no reason to do anything about them. Ants are frequently found walking up and down tomato stems, but with no aphids around. My theory, unsupported by anything, because "there are ants on my tomato stems" so far has not attracted the scientific research community, is that the sticky tomato sap, along with its tiny hairs, attracts and traps miniscule insects that the ants are eating. Or possibly it's the tomato sap itself. If you've checked your tomato thoroughly, all stems and undersides of all leaves, and you're not seeing any soft, fat-bodied, green, yellow, orange, white, black, or brown tiny bugs just sitting there with ants dancing attendance on them, then you have ants walking up and down your tomato stems.
See if any of this rings a bell. http://www.gardeningknowhow.com/ornamental/flowers/calla-lily/drooping-calla-lilies.htm
&gt;As cantaloups like warm soil, make sure you speed the warming process by covering the ground with plastic film or weed matting prior to planting. This is only for areas with cold winters and short summers. &gt;use a nitrogen fertilizer to force blooming. Actually you need phosphorus and potassium for bloom, not nitrogen. &gt;But how to know when is the fruit fully rippen and ready to harvest? First of all the rinds begin to change from green to tan or yellow and there is the wonderful fragrance they develop when they are ready to pick. Too complicated. All you need to know is that when it's ripe, it will slip easily from the stem with only the gentlest tug. Not coming off? It's not ready.
Cool. TIL.
On a rub for BBQ meat, it's easier to combine a powder with the other powders you're using. Also for sprinkling on popcorn. Other than that, it's mainly about convenience, yes.
It means you're keeping your cactus too wet. If it's wet enough for mushroom spores, it's far too wet for cactus. Water it only after it has been completely dried out for at least a week to 10 days. It also means you have potted your cactus in rich organic soil, not in sandy, gritty succulent mix. The mushroom is feeding on the organic matter in the soil. Stop watering it now for 10 days and the 'shroom will go away. And I'd repot it, once it's dried out, in some regular succulent mix.
Right, it prefers it warmer overall, it will sulk at cooler temps, and be killed by frost.
It looks nice and healthy, and blooming is a sign that it's happy, but YSK that "big" isn't necessarily a marker for "good" for African violets. It's got multiple crowns in the pot, and normally you grow them with a single crown per pot, which traditionally fits in a 4" plastic pot. If it was mine, I'd break it down and divide it. You can pot up the auxiliary crowns and give them to people, or just have moar flowers.
The leaves emerge from rosettes. Ideally there's only one rosette per pot, but African violets are really good at growing extra plants out of the side of the main stem, which then creates its own rosette, or "crown". You can find a crown by looking for the tiny baby leaves.
[Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/3iKILy6.jpg) The white circle in the middle is the main crown. There are tiny baby leaves emerging at its center. It has concentric circles of progressively larger, and older, leaves, radiating out from this center. Around it, the other white circles are leaves that my experienced eye realizes are probably younger leaves emerging from another crown attached to the stem of the main crown. These leaves are smaller than the concentric circle of main-crown leaves they're next to. Sometimes they're facing the wrong direction to be a member of the main-crown concentric circle of leaves. It's kinda like being able to pick out the one mule in a herd of horses. To the unpracticed eye, they're all equines. If I was there, I'd be picking up the pot and turning the plant every which way, peering in under the leaves, to see where the extra crowns were. You can just snip them off with scissors, or even pop them off with your fingers, there's no need to repot the entire plant, but repotting it into a tighter pot tends to discourage it from making so many crowns. When you give it lots of fertile soil, it tends to say, "oh boy" and go to town.
I'm not seeing a video link?
The zukes could probably use going up one or two sizes, yes. The half barrels are too shallow for anything other than lettuces and greens, possibly radishes or baby beets, or small annuals such as marigolds, sweet alyssum, ageratum, etc. But it would be a nifty set of planters for lettuces and greens in spring and fall. Put it against a south-facing wall, be standing by with some kind of cover for serious below-freezing weather, and you could potentially harvest lettuce all winter, depending on where you are. With a clear plastic cover, you could use them as cold frames, too. Get some heavyweight clear vinyl or other plastic, use sticks to prop it up. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cold_frame
Is it your intention to keep them permanently in those containers, or are they going in the ground?
I interpret it as a taunt towards an enemy. "I can wear your special insignia and you can't stop me!"
No. Don't do any of that. A. Soil conditioners are a waste of money. They're snake oil. Healthy soil doesn't need them. Unhealthy soil can't be fixed by them. B. You haven't completed your fact-finding yet. &gt; and while I thought we were using the same soil, we might not have been. Well, was it or wasn't it? That's the crux of the issue. Did you test for pH and nutrients? What did those tests say? That's also part of the crux of the issue. &gt;but a careful observer would see our spinach has started flowering. Doesn't signify, it does this in June once the weather heats up. Has no bearing. &gt; It IS a bit closer to the pine trees and this might make it more acidic.. Soil under pine trees isn't necessarily that acidic. Soil a distance away from the trees will be even less so. What is the pH of the soil in the stunted bed, and what is the pH of the soil in the unaffected bed? Something's wrong with your soil, and adding useless soil conditioners and stirring it around are going to accomplish exactly zero. If the soil is toxic or off-balance somehow, soil conditioners aren't going to help remove the poison, nor will tilling it up.
One is a cowbird egg. Like a cuckoo, same thing.
If you're in the U.S., technically you're supposed to allow Nature Red In Tooth And Claw to do its thing. Brood parasitism is just another evolutionary strategy, and they have a valid place in the ecosystem. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brood_parasite It's natural to think, "Oh the poor baby bluebirds!" but actually the cowbirds don't always have it their own way. First, the baby cowbird doesn't necessarily murder the rightful heirs. It out-competes them for food, with the biggest and loudest gaping mouth when the parents arrive with food, but if the baby bluebirds are big and strong, they get their fair share, and manage to fledge. So that can serve as selection for big and strong bluebirds. In some bird species, the host parents will detect the alien egg and will either boost it over the side, or sometimes build an entirely new nest on top of it, thus walling it off in a dungeon. They then go on to lay a new clutch of eggs of their own on top of the dungeon. Sometimes the host parents will catch the cowbird trying to lay her egg, and will attack her and drive her away. Cowbirds followed the buffalo herds, eating insects kicked up by their hooves, and today they're found following cattle, performing the same service. One cowbird can eat a lot of bugs.
&gt;I'm renting a house Standard advice for renters is, there's no sense in spending time, money, energy, effort, and, yes, love on improving a piece of property that you don't own. It's an investment in nothing, it's a handful of hundred-dollar bills set fire to and blown away on the wind. Your landlord won't thank you, he won't notice that you've done anything, he won't lower your rent, and when you move on, you'll have to leave all your landscaping behind to the tender mercies of whoever comes after you, and I can pretty much guarantee that they'll simply let it all go back to weeds, the way it was when you started. Because this is what happens, this is how it works. My advice to you would be to simply mow the weeds and let it go at that. Before you mulch the entire back yard with landscape fabric and wood chips, you would need to have the permission, in writing, of your landlord, because what you would be doing would be, in effect, removing the lawn. Right now his property is "house + lawn", and even though the lawn may be technically weeds, still, legally, "if it's green, it's good", and it's technically still a lawn. If you kill whatever "lawn" is there by covering it up with weedstop and mulch (and yes, this will kill it in about 2 months), you have changed his property from "house + lawn" to "house + wood chips", which is not the same thing. It's harder for him to rent a "house + wood chips" than it is to rent "house + lawn". People don't want to have a backyard of wood chips for their kids and dogs to play on and to have cookouts out, they want lawn, even if it's mostly weeds. You'd need to get the same permission from him if you were proposing to till it all up and plant it to vegetables or roses or whatever. So you could xeriscape it instead of laying down wood chips (with his written permission), except that xeriscaping a yard is not cheap. Plants and rocks are expensive, weedstop landscape fabric is expensive. A "few hundred dollars" isn't going to go very far. If you weren't in a drought status, you could do a normal lawn renovation, which isn't that expensive. Weed-Be-Gone for the weeds, then top dress, overseed, scatter straw, keep moist. The sticking point is that "keep moist" part. So just mow it. Depending on what kind of grass it is and what kind of weeds they are, mowing actually helps to encourage grass and discourages weeds. Grass responds to regular cutting by increased root growth and spreading itself out, whereas weeds respond to cutting by coming back smaller and smaller as they use up their stored carbohydrates in re-sprouting from the roots.
I'd actually leave them, and give it a year to regroup. It looks rather puny. Since you're going to be cutting off the photosynthesizing factories, it needs to have abundant carb reserves in the roots in order to fund regrowth for repeated harvests, and it can only amass those reserves if it's allowed to grow undisturbed for a while. Also, how much sunlight does it get? If it's in a shady corner, you might want to think about moving it to a spot with more light.
It has to be actual soap, not dish detergent, so castile soap, bar Ivory soap, like that. Or use Safer's insecticidal soap. You want it soapy enough that it makes bubbles when you swish. The homemade stuff you need to be sure to rinse off after an hour, because it can act as weedkiller and damage your plants. You spray it liberally, making sure to hit every bug, because it's not intrinsically toxic, so the bugs have to be actually hit with it. The fatty acids of soap mess up their waxy cuticle coating. So you basically soak the entire plant. Make sure to hit the leaf axils--the place where the leaf joins the stem. Bugs hide there. Pull the leaf down and shoot some soap in there.
&gt; lactose-intolerance. If you're in the U.S., Lact-Aid brand lactose-free milk is a lifesaver for those of us who are lactose intolerant. It comes in store brands, too--Great Value, Kroger, etc. So far I've only seen it in 2-quart containers. In the Dairy Case next to the regular milk.
Approach is the same as for Japanese beetles: 1. Battery-powered DustBuster. Don't forget to empty the cup, because if they die in there, it's an unholy stink. 2. Handpicking and dumping into a coffee can of soapy water or kerosene. Or knock them off into the can with a stick. 3. Lightweight polyester floating row covers.
Then my guess is going to be that either the food stylist for the magazine didn't grasp the recipe, or that some editor left out crucial instructions.
K. Thoughts. You don't have room in the yard for another, smaller tree, like a Japanese maple. It's a small yard and a small house, and the spreading locust tree takes up all the design room in the yard, all the space. Trying to cram a Japanese maple or similar tree in there will make the yard look unbalanced and crowded, like, "I got this tree on sale and didn't know where to put it, so I stuck it here randomly." While a shade-lover like a dogwood might be okay in the locust's shade footprint, it's still going to make the yard look crowded and unbalanced. Right tree in the right place. A Japanese maple or similar small tree would need to be planted at least 10 feet from the house foundation, http://arborday.org/trees/righttreeandplace/size.cfm The tree would need to be planted on the red line, which is far too close to the locust tree, or to the neighbor's driveway. So, no small tree. [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/RVe2dSx.png) Re: willows. They are legendary for the invasiveness, strength, and destructive abilities of their roots. Generally you don't want willows anywhere near your foundation. You want them, like, way far away. Out in the middle of the yard, or along the back property line. Not right next to the front porch. Re: evergreen shrubs for foundation planting. This is the bog-standard yew foundation that you are probably visualizing. [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/vrOhm7Y.jpg) You can do Left-Hand Side, or Right-Hand Side, or you can do both sides. A tall thing at the corner. It's the hedge you requested. Note that the shrubs must not be allowed to grow higher than the windowsills. This is (A) for architectural effect, and in the case of the porch, (B) for security, so nobody can lurk in the shadows of the porch bushes waiting for you to step up onto the porch and fumble for your house key. There is absolutely nothing wrong with an evergreen hedge across the front. It's what everyone on your street has. It's low-maintenance, it does what you want. It's just...boring. What not to do. [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/d1vCyII.jpg) It's very tempting to want to install a row of identical things all the way across, evergreens, or maybe shorter perennials or shrubs in front of the porch and taller ones to the right. Hostas, or daylilies. Pieris. Ornamental grass. (BTW pieris is poisonous, do you have kids? BTW pieris can get 20 feet tall, it's not a foundation shrub for a small house, it works if you have a huge 4-foot deep flowerbed in front of a rambling old farmhouse on a 2-acre lot.) The problem is, look at all your horizontals. You need rounded, random things to soften all that strict geometry. Anyway. This is what I'd do. It's reasonably low-maintenance if you mulch it. [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/cTzXZgH.jpg) The hose reel absolutely has to go bye-bye. You can't have a hose reel on your front porch without looking trashy. Take it around back, and yes, you'll just have to drag the hose around the side of the house when you want to water things. Reinstall the shrubs you had before, at the two spots in front of the porch and the house. The spacing was well-done, it enhances the front entry from the street, and their slightly asymmetrical rounded shapes break up the severe geometry of the house's facade. They are placed very nicely--two in front of the door, and two in front of the corresponding break in space at the junction of the porch and the house wall proper. Personally I like juniper for this better than yew, it grows in a more asymmetrical way, and you're less tempted to carve it into a cube with the hedge clippers. I'd put a trellised vine on the right-hand side by the downspout. Or, a taller juniper allowed to grow loosely (watch the spacing from your foundation, not too close). You want a vertical note there, but not a straight geometrical note because the downspout is straight up and down. I'd use one of the vase-shaped trellises, not a right-angle ladder-type trellis. The big question is how much light the locust tree lets in, so there may not be enough sun for a climbing rose there, but you can experiment. Clematis is more tolerant of a slightly shady position. Next to the shrubs, there'd be a pocket garden, on each side, one in front of the porch, one in front of the house. This is made up of a few choice plants, arranged with taller things in the back, medium-sized ones in the middle, and shorter ones across the front. Their purpose is not to fill space, their purpose is to be special plants that you are proud of. If you just wanted to fill space, you'd be planting yews straight across. This is perennials and annuals, possibly a small flowering shrub like potentilla. You don't want geometric manicured things, you want loose, floppy things like hostas, purple coneflower, rudbeckia, impatiens, wax begonias, lilies, daylilies, whatever your light will permit you to grow. They're not going to be as colorful as MS Paint, they're going to be rather muted, in shades of green, white, yellows, blues, possibly some oranges and pinks. Their foliage will soften the brick behind them without hiding it. If you have enough sun, definitely a small rose. The two pocket gardens don't have to match each other, and actually you're trying to avoid strict symmetricality, so you can have different sets of plants in each. You can put the grass back in front of the porch where it's bare dirt now, or you can bump out the pocket garden in front of the porch a little bit. Your home is a classic Prairie School ranch, as filtered through the sensibilities of American suburban domestic architecture. The band of windows, the overhanging eaves, the flat hipped roof. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prairie_School So this means you want to avoid clipped boxwood hedges and other such European formalities, and instead focus on loose, prairie-type plants, preferably native plants. This is also why a hedge straight across will look jarring and unfriendly. Too many strict horizontals. And this is where you need to get with your local extension office's Master Gardeners, because they will have lists of suggestions for what to grow there. They have a federal mandate to help homeowners with garden and yard problems, Your Tax Dollars At Work. Find your county here. http://msue.anr.msu.edu/county I am a big believer in porch plants. They make the entry look welcoming, as though people live there who care how it looks. I'd have an urn or a small deck planter on that porch with impatiens and coleus in it. Or petunias, or geraniums, if there's enough sun. There definitely need to be some medium-height spring bulbs in the beds. Daffodils, Darwin tulips. Crocus are too short to be seen well from the street. &gt; I have a big window right in my living room and would like at least a little privacy so it feels like less of a fishbowl. You can't have plantings, such as a hedge, tall enough to screen the picture window without incurring a substantial security risk on your front porch. The porch needs to be visible from the street, ask any police department. Nothing higher than about 3 feet. So what you do with your fishbowl is get some drapes and keep them closed. Or lace curtains.
Were they ever red and orange?
K. Some cultivars and hybrids are not that stable. If you bought them as plants from a nursery, I'd contact them and tell them they've reverted, they should offer you a replacement or maybe store credit. If you bought them from the Big Box, you are S.O.L., sorry.
What you have looks "tidy". It's not 5-foot-tall weeds, it doesn't look like it belongs to a meth dealer rental property. Prospective buyers don't care about "faded", they only care about "neglected", because that implies that the house, too, could be "neglected". Keep the grass in the flowerbed mowed, that's all.
Before anything else happens, you need two things. 1. You need to be sure it's okay with your landlord for you to plant flowers there. You need him to be on board with this because it's communal property, it belongs to the entire apartment complex. Is it going to cause friction if he already told someone else "no", and you simply start planting things? 2. You need to know how many hours of direct, unshaded, unfiltered sunlight the bed receives every day. Go out there and clock it. This determines what kind of flowers you can plant.
I am currently in the middle of wading through this while I work on something else, and I have lost count of the times I have wanted to slap somebody, somewhere, mostly because of the by-the-numbers which-cliche-haven't-we-used-yet writing. Oh, the dad forbids his daughter to date? Oh, "Your mom would be so proud of you?" Oh, the daughter has a secret BF who just happens to be a race car driver, just when they need to outrun the Feds? How unfortunate it would have been for them, yet somehow more entertaining, if the secret BF had been, say, a librarian, or a dentist. And yes, I *know*, "It's Michael Bay + explosions, what did you expect?" but I *loved* the first movie, it had plot and wit and characters you actually cared about. I sat loyally through 2 and 3, hoping that lightning would strike again, but doomed to disappoint. And now this one. Come over here, someone, and let me slap your silly face. What were you thinking. One very tiny redeeming factor, which is why I'm still watching: Kelsey Grammer as the Evil Bad Guy. I feel he is underrated at playing the Evil Bad Guy, I loved "Boss", and he is, so far, not being given enough to do in this other than throwing phones at things. I hope for more.
Yes, peppers can be more sensitive to heat stress. What are the other plants? You're told not to let mulch touch the stem of large plants with woody trunks (trees, bushes) because the moisture can promote rot. But a pepper plant isn't a tree, and if you're having such problems with moisture retention that they're wilting, you need the soil to be covered more. What kind of mulch is it? An inch of mulch isn't enough, it's just cosmetic. Depending on what kind of mulch it is, you could go with 2 inches for dried grass clippings, 2 to 3 inches for shredded bark, or 4 inches for straw.
How to make chuck into taco meat: Method 1: grind it up into what's popularly known as "hamburger", i.e. "ground chuck". Brown it in a skillet, pour off the extra grease, add your spices. Method 2: braise it as for pot roast. Cool slightly, then shred. This actually gives you what I tend to think of as fajita meat, not taco meat, but it's one way of rendering chuck tender enough to put into a sandwich. &gt;I read somewhere you marinate it in a ton of lime, pound it to death with a mallet and cook it at a high temp. That's marinated chuck steak. I suppose you could shred it and put it in a taco, but, again, I think of it as fajita meat.
They also come in on plants and flowers from the florist and from Walmart. Strictly speaking, they aren't lesbians, they're parthenogenetic, which is a different thing. Botanic nitpick. Lesbian is a sexual choice or preference, parthenogenesis is an evolutionary strategy.
Rabbits have highly seasonal and fluctuating diets, and whether they eat your garden veg depends on what else is growing in your neighborhood. Like people, they prefer the young and tender, but honestly, there's no telling what a rabbit is going to feel like eating today. I've seen them bypass the lettuce and go for, apparently, the weeds in the lawn. So the only way you'd know if "strawberry leaves" are still on the menu is if they're actually being eaten. Wild strawberries tend to have smaller and tougher leaves than domesticated.
It's not the pan, it's the stove. I'm guessing it's a gas stove? CO is given off by incomplete combustion. When you're cranking the burners up to super-high in order to sear the steak in cast iron, the gas isn't combusting properly and is giving off enough CO at that super-high level to trigger the alarm. Get your stove checked. And use the microwave until it's fixed.
They could have lousy kabobs from any cut of meat. Most people just go down to the store and buy "steak", and don't concern themselves with the esoterics of "which kind of steak". Whatever you can afford, that's what you get. For kabobs, it doesn't matter what precise kind of steak you use, as they're all tender cuts and will work equally well. For the purposes of telling someone on the internet what kind of meat to make kabobs with, I think it's sufficient to tell them, "Go buy some steak", and let them figure it out for themselves. They're adults, and adults know how to go to Kroger and buy some steak. Beef clod never, ever appears at any of my Central Illinois grocery stores. It's just not a thing. Maybe you could find it at specialty butchers, but I doubt that someone who's in /r/askculinary asking how to make kabobs is going to inadvertently buy some beef clod at Kroger. "Steak" in common parlance means t-bone, porterhouse, filet mignon. Not "thing labeled 'steak' that you never heard of before".
I think it's a croton, but you could check with /r/whatsthisplant to be sure.
It is my hobby. I haven't emasculated anyone yet with the bread knife, but he's real good about keeping the lawn mowed and remembering our anniversary, so the knives stay in the gardening trug.
Check with the extension office, google "[city or county] cooperative extension".
With moist shade, you can have a lovely woodland wildflower garden with native species, things like trillium, jack-in-the-pulpit, solomon's seal, native ladyslipper orchids, jewelweed. It's understated, and isn't what you normally think of as a "flower garden", but it's a garden for connoisseurs, and it will do beautifully in what is, after all, its own territory. Check with the Master Gardeners at the extension office, they'll have lists of suggestions, and sometimes there are free seeds available if you're doing native plants. Find your office here. http://cce.cornell.edu/learnabout/pages/local_offices.aspx You will have a constant battle with poison ivy, which is also a native wildflower, but you can deal with it by cutting the stems and then immediately painting Roundup Brush Killer on the cut stump. This avoids collateral damage to your desireable plantings when you're dealing with poison ivy in the midst of a crowd.
In 30 years it will be amazing. Children and grandchildren, yes.
Use this. [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/tFi0p5d.jpg) You're welcome.
You can ask /r/mycology for an ID.
Also, "preventing soil erosion" is part of the primary mandate for the entire extension service, being geared towards agriculture, so they're particularly pertinent on that subject. So if you present it as not just a "Help me with my landscaping" problem, but also a soil erosion problem, you'll be in like Flynn.
They're shocked but they should come back. I'd mulch them deeper, like about 2" to 3" of straw. Water them only when the soil feels dry, not on a schedule.
&gt; how many suckers per season? max 5 in spring, summer, fall. 15 snips per year, oh the agony vs using Round up, one of the worst chemical products sold for public use. but i know this is the route for some people simply b/c they don't like their children and want them to die from cancer:) The EPA currently lists glyphosate as a Class D pesticide. http://www.epa.gov/iris/subst/0057.htm &gt;*Classification — D; not classifiable as to human carcinogenicity* &gt;*Basis — Inadequate evidence for oncogenicity in animals. Glyphosate was originally classified as C, possible human carcinogen, on the basis of increased incidence of renal tumors in mice. Following independent review of the slides the classification was changed to D on the basis of a lack of statistical significance and uncertainty as to a treatment-related effect.* It's unclear to me how spraying Roundup on mulberry suckers out in the back yard is going to expose the OP's children to gyphosate, unless they're tagging along and get in the way of the spray, in which case that's just bad parenting to not put the kids in the house when you're spraying weedkiller around. Glyphosate has a half-life in soil of from 3 to 130 days, depending on the soil and on weather, although 174 days has been reported in some densely compacted anaerobic soils. http://www.cdpr.ca.gov/docs/emon/pubs/fatememo/glyphos.pdf The primary route of uptake of glyphosate is through a plant's leaves, although some root uptake has been reported. The results of oral administration of glyphosate to birds and fish ranges from "practically nontoxic" to "slightly nontoxic". Studies of chronic exposure to glyphosate via the oral route turned up no anomalies. So even if the OP's garden veg, planted in a spot where heavy spraying of glyphosate had previously occurred, did somehow manage to uptake glyphosate through their roots, and even if the OP's children did eat that veg, not only would they probably not get cancer, they would probably not even get sick. And if the OP is worried about the remote possibility of garden veg planted in that area somehow being able to uptake the tiny traces of glyphosate in the soil, all you have to do is wait long enough for the glyphosate to disappear, broken down by soil microbes. With an average half life of, say, 60 days, 6 months ought to do it, a year if you wanted to be absolutely sure. I raised three kids in this house throughout the 1990s and early 2000s, and used weedkiller out in the yard when it seemed appropriate. Do you think I didn't sit down and weigh the cost? I'm the person who never even bug-bombed my house for roaches with permethrins and pyrethrins until the kids had all grown up and physically moved out. Roundup is a useful tool in the gardener's kit. I understand the reservations about using chemicals, and this is one that I personally reserve only for the tough ones--trumpet vine, Canada thistle, poison ivy, and mulberries. I certainly don't advocate that gardeners should get out the Roundup for every little thing. But you shouldn't disallow it just because of vague fears of cancer.
The fundamental problem with using stone that thin is that, when set on anything that isn't completely flat and level, it's going to rock on whatever humpy-bumpy irregularities are underneath it, even nearly undetectable ones. You think your substrate is level, but frost heave can shift it around and can magnify existing irregularities, so eventually, every time you step on that one particular flagstone, it's going to rock, and finally it will break. So with thin stone, you set it in concrete so it won't do that.
Is it sticky and cottony? It might be mealybugs. Take a better picture, or a sample in a ziploc, down to your extension office Master Gardener, they'll be better able to tell, Your Tax Dollars At Work. Google "[county or city] cooperative extension" and look around for your county.
&gt;deer, etc.) with some light wire fencing around the perimeter. Has to be eight (8) feet tall to keep out deer. Doesn't matter if it's light or heavy wire, if it's lower than 8 feet they'll just jump over it. &gt;moles, Lethal mole trap. So if the only reason you're wanting to build planter boxes is because of moles and deer, you don't need to do that. A planter box won't keep deer from eating your veg unless there's an 8-foot-tall fence around it. Moles are easily dealt with via trapping. Are you wanting actual planters, with bottoms, and if so, why? Why not just do raised beds made out of concrete blocks? No bottom, raised beds sit directly on the dirt. Planters with bottoms severely limit what you can grow to "things with shallow roots", which is basically radishes and petunias. With 2 acres to play around with, I would definitely be planting in the ground, and not even bother with raised beds, unless you have horrible clay soil.
K, thanks.
When my grandson was 3 and was slowly working his way through the "pee and poop only in this special container here" conceptual experience, he was proud to frequently inform Grandma and Grandpa that boys have dinkers and girls have holes, the reason he knows this being that he has a younger sister, and they used to take baths together, before he turned 4 and went to preschool and discovered the concept of "modesty", although it doesn't stop him from telling us about dinkers and holes. And when his sister in her turn started on the curriculum, she too was proud to tell us this factoid. The point being, I can't imagine how the woman in the article thinks her 3-year-old daughter doesn't know that girls have a crease "down there". Is she one of these parents who never allows their kids to see their own bottoms, and has shrieking hysterics if, during "changing into swimsuit time" or "pulling up panties after potty time", Tahlia Rose briefly runs around the house bottomless?
Also, "your community"? You mean like your town? Does the FB page not have an admin who will yank this kind of drivel? or is it maintained as a free-for-all for residents' random contributions?
Ok, so, you've got a fridge and a way to cook, just buy smaller quantities of whatever protein you'd normally be cooking and eating, and cook those. Get a small package of chicken thighs or whatever. A slowcooker is helpful, too, for pulled pork and adobo chicken. http://allrecipes.com/recipe/slow-cooker-adobo-chicken-with-bok-choy/ The paprika is for color, so may be omitted. You can also leave out the bay leaf. It must be thighs, not breasts. Just get the soy sauce, vinegar, garlic, and brown sugar in there.
&gt;This project has never been done before http://www.nature.com/srep/2014/140717/srep05627/full/srep05627.html They don't say how they made their artificial fruit. You might drop them an email and ask them. You might also ask these people how they made theirs. http://www.nytimes.com/1994/07/12/science/scientists-find-a-plant-that-dupes-birds-into-spreading-its-seeds.html
&gt; I've been spraying them with soapy water ever since I put them outside. Soapy water is weedkiller. You're supposed to use it only on specific bugs, spraying it directly on them, and then rinse it off the plant after an hour. What you have there looks like burn damage, not insect damage.
Also talk to /r/landscaping they do this all the time.
Just click on the wee picture and it maximizes again.
