How did she go from white lady to black lady? Did she go to the tanning salons every day? How did she get her hair like that? Sorry for sounding so naive but this story is so weird.
Is your Dad Kris Kristofferson?
I've been really upset about the massacre in SC this week. This photo made me cry but it gave me a little relief that the world was still good.
I made some chicken stock this week which I froze. I brought my cornish hens to be slaughtered last weekend and the guy who was doing the gutting told me that the feet were full of collagen, Glucosamine chondroiten, and protein. So with some trepidation, I googled chicken feet broth and stewed some cleaned and scraped feet for an entire day with spices and some veggies. Actually tasted real good!
The pic was as good as a hug.
Well I had some friends looking over my shoulder and saying the same thing and I had second and third thoughts about it but in the end it tasted great. It has alot of protein, condroytin for joint repair and collagen so it has some redeeming factors.
That is a great picture!
Bernie don't need no rentalcrowds.
But its so true...never ever ever ever say the n-word...never...but go ahead and say something like "well they get very emotional when stopped by police b/c its in their blood you know..to run and get emotional.." or "they can dance so much better than white people".... That's okay. I hear this veiled form of racism all the time...its the difference between the race and the rest of the world.
Wait till he debates Hillary...he'll really be in the news then.
If you ever saw the old movie "The Terminator", the robot was single minded.. He never wavered from his mission. Nobody could argue with him...he just kept hunting for his intended victim. Bernie is a little like that robot in that he is single=minded. He never wavers or asks "gotcha" questions. He stays on course and like the terminator robot, just pursues his goal. The debate moderators will have no problem with Bernie...its those other guys that need to worry.
...and mrs Botox Clinton? She looks young?
Its his message that resonates with people. Not his looks.
So then vote for that slick Ted Cruz!!! He looks like a sleazy version of Bill Murray.
She may have had a thyroid condition. One of my ancestors was photographed with big bulging eyes.. she died very young. High thyroid runs in our family.
Naw...just drop a ton of dog poop on them.
Senator from TX serves a term in Senate... Shuts down govt...goes immediatly to Iowa to begin campaigning for Prez... and Bernie is a cuck??
There is a party going on in Oregon wildlife refuge you might be interested in attending..bring your camo pajamas.
Perhaps if Black or Muslim guys were to wear plaid flannel shirts, cowboy hats and develop big guts and then and only then illegally occupy a federal building and wave guns to protest something, then maybe the federals would be nicer to them.
As a native born Vermonter I would hope that the audience would attend, politely say nothing as he spoke and gesticulated, at the end, say "aya" or "nice day for it"....get up and leave.
Where the french fries at?
Hillary is a study in how to live a life that is totally rehearsed.
Poultney....no that is Cambridge church.
He seems to be channeling Spencer Tracy.
"I pledge allegiance to the billionaire.....(I like that..shows how dumbazzed his followers are)
So just sit and say nothing....I thought it was Sanders who was supposed to be the communist.
But Donald is gay don't you know. Look at his Liberace hair.
That was 8 years ago. That was then...this is now... Americans are much wiser to the fact that the system is rigged...both Repubs and Dems agree on that.
I know... but I have lived in countries that are much more corrupt and people not so nice....believe it or not.
Not so sure.. If Bernie doesn't get the nod, so many dems that gave $$$ to Sanders will be really really lower than a snake in a ditch. I can't stand Hillary personally.
You have a point. If Hillary is the nominee, I won't pay much attention to politics anymore.
I thought she looked just like Kathy Bates in "Misery". She had the ax under her seat.
why hasnt' this stupid debate started? Why do they have the wrong time on the bottom of the screen?
They keep talking Hillary.. Its Bernie.
He makes paperwork errors ....he just admitted it. I wouldn't have him for my lawyer
Dreams come true
They???? Who are "They"?
This debate scares me.. these guys are mean. They hate people. Nikki is slimed for what she said about Trump. they accuse each other of doing something as if its illegal or against the RNC state. They call Bernie a commie.. these guys are more representative of what I heard the cold war Soviet Union was like.
Fuck you Kasich!
Cruz is just as bad...Cruz is a pompous, dishonest Arschloch..(Sorry can't spell it.)
The only thing Obama wants from you Rubio is them black pointy high heel boots you wear.
Christie just hates Obama. Everything that has happened is Obama's fault.
I want Rand too... only sane one
Nobody misses Carly.
These guys think ISIS is like communism back in the 1950's...this unseen evil among us... be scared everyone. The commies(ISIS) will get you if you don't elect me.
I'm sure he will be saying something on what Rubio said.
Well that's one very good retirement plan
...and its Reilly on the Moor...Reilly on the moor....
I thought R Maddow said it best..."your campaign lit its hair on fire".
From what I have read about Hillary and the Clintons in general, there is nothing that doesn't get by them.. They knew all about this attack on Bernie's med records. They are control freaks who need to know everything.
Saw Debbie Shultz with her girl Hillary... She ain't even near Sanders.
I thought he stood up well with Clinton glaring at him while he criticized her ties to Wall Street.
Sanders should have brought that up. Two can play at flip flops
I loved O'Malley telling the Queen she wrapped herself in 9/11 in the first debate.
....and the fact that the Big Dog has groped and felt up more women that Cosby. Thy'll bring that to the table too.
Why should she be liked?
Has any commentator, blogger, newservice or anyone for that matter stopped to imagine what a presidency under D Trump would be like? Sheer chaos would be my best answer but others more informed may have a better answer.
That leghorn must be a big girl!!
$25 !!! So much for starving artists.
I was in the barn feeding the chickens. The radio was on in the corner of the barn. as I poured the layer mash into the trough, I suddenly heard this screeching voice from that corner above the din of chickens clucking . I cringed and the bucket of mash shook in my hands and the mash fell all over the floor. Fucking Palin. ...That mash is expensive.
"I take Wall Street Money.. My husband takes Wall Street money...my daughter married a hedge fund manager, the President who I love dearly all of a sudden takes Wall Street money......." Vote FOR ME!!
Some of the imagery in Blood Meridian. It is a slow moving story but the story of the cowboys turned scalp hunters in Mexico in the 1840's is a compelling read. The Judge is just about the creepiest person in the world.
IMHO I think people are a little tired of the Clintons. Bernie although old in years seems to have fresh ideas. If he were to be president, I'm sure he would be influential in getting American income inequality fixed. I think his idea of instituting tuition free education a great idea. chine right now is changing their economic structure to innovation and less manufacturing...we should too.
They are changing their economic system by just an edict. In this country we have to have consensus... they do not. That's why the stock market has pivoted. They don't want to make our baseball caps anymore for some reason :)
She wrote the book "PR 101"
But the allegations are known by anyone who opens a news site. Why didn't she have a response if she has nothing to hide. She is running for president for gods sake...not signing books.
If I gave someone big bucks for 3 speaking engagments....I would expect something in return...anyone or any business would
I'm going to put this on my homepage.
You don't think taking $675,000 in 3 speaking engagements by Goldman Sachs was not just a little over the top? You don't think they will expect something from you? $675,000 is a hell of a lot of money to most people living in the USA. "HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA!!!"
Why did Chuck Todd NOT as Hillary on Meet the Press this morning about reparation to descendants of slaves in America.....but yet, asked Bernie about it? Why is Hillary so eager to do hit pieces on Sanders and have Chuckie ask hard ball questions of him?
....well that too... he was born a son of a Holocaust survivor from Poland who spent time in a Kibbutz in Israel.....but he likes the Palestinians...another hit piece from Hillary.
Bring some big gulps.
But people know the Clintons by now and know they are ruthless. There isn't much love for the Clintons anymore. That went out with the 90's. And we all know what happens when you elect a Clinton....the Repubs come in next.
jeez I hope it was wood you were burning in your pile. My neighbor typically burns some questionable stuff.
Yes
Its a toss-up between chicken biryiani and paneer and creamed spinach..(I forget the actual name of it)..
Does the little guy at the bottom keep the birds away from the tomatoes?
We do have things pretty good here. Hell... I live near a Wegmans. But try seeing a doctor in a hurry...try starting a business....try going to college almost anywhere other than a community college....I know I don't have to go out a hunt squirrels in the morning to survive....but I'd like America to be better.
Possibly b/c Woodstock VT is an exclusive town owned by out-of-towners who have big wallets.
That's it!
If this woman gets the nomination, this will be the most apathetic election of all time.
She's her own worst enemy... She dodged bullets in Sarajevo airport, completely over engineered and micro managed the first health care effort during the Clinton admin, had a terrible campaign in 2008 that was badly managed....yes... bring her on...
Might as well be Bernie... they ain't gonna vote for her either.
Ms Clinton's heading to Wall Street strongholds to fundraise isn't embarrassing I guess.
Teddy Roosevelt did it in the early part of the last century.. So you are saying that its too unrealistic for it to happen again. In the face of everything right now...I think Sanders has some cred b/c he says its up to US to break up the big banks. Its part of his revolution theme.
Its not a personal attack. He is trying to point out that she takes money from billionaires and is beholden to them...while he is beholden to nobody. Big difference...he's trying to point it out..
Hillary going to both Philly and Wall Street investment palaces to raise money by $1000 a plate dinner is not pandering? Funny... I think that's what the dictionary calls pandering.
Ahhhhh.. Trumpie is raising money thru "Wounded Warrier" org....they are being investigated for using funds for parties at very expensive hotels in vacation spots. He' s just doing it to be badassed...usual Trump shit.
Ahhh... without Glass Stegall that banks are free to back high risk ventures of almost any type. With the notion that we as American taxpayers will bail them out again, the sky is the limit for "hedging bad bets (which in many ways are the foundation of our 401K's)"....Goldman Sacs is a racket game and not a bank...at least not with you in mind.
Iowa is not tailor made for him.. Its largely a conservative state. He is backed by private donors. Hillary is not backed by private donors. she uses money from billionaires to fund her campaign...and ultimately fund them.
cut it out!!!!
Take a look at some of the dialogue between Trump and Cruz.. That is personal attacks.
Goobers gonna win!
He doesn't give a f___ about anybody but his own image. Watch the documtary sometime when you have a few minutes... http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1943873/ Then go ask those Scots what they thought of Trump's version of kindess is to people w/o money.
Its particularly grating to me... I watched her from across the street a few months ago when she went at night w/o announcement to another big benefit dinner with Corning Inc's top chiefs who are all Republican and not ashamed of letting everyone know about it. They were hedging their bets I guess.
He is the only one up there that makes any sense.
Someone should make a political ad with that vid.
God he's begging..
Read this: https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/43crex/the_hillary_clinton_record_updated/
But women like Bernie. Hillary is polling not so well with women.
