The amount of muscle he gained while staying shredded is considered next-to-impossible in that time-frame without steroids. Google says he went from 120 lbs to 230, and then down to 190 all in 6 months. So that's a 110lb weight gain in 6 months, which is around .6 lbs per day. Moreover most of that .6 would have to be muscle, and humans can't naturally gain muscle that quickly. EDIT: wrong maths
Afraid this isn't the case. Most hover around 5%.
Tavors have a selective fire system. Perhaps he's just saying that soldiers typically don't use the fully automatic setting.
It's not an altarpiece. It's the altar wall of the Daredeviled Sistine Chapel.
Yes as I said they "Daredeviled" it. I imagine they took away the double-arch so the Punisher skull would fit more cleanly. It's clearly supposed to be based on the Sistine Chapel. They open with *The Creation of Adam*.
They're the Gaza Strip government and they stand for the destruction of Israel. They execute terrorist attacks upon Israel, primarily through unguided rockets shot into civilian areas. They also plan infiltrations into Israel using tunnels for kidnappings, shootings, and bombings. They use international aid and building supplies to create more tunnels used for smuggling and terrorist attacks, although both Israel and Egypt destroy these tunnels when they find them. Any internal Palestinian resistance is suppressed and Gazans are routinely executed. (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hamas#Extrajudicial_executions_of_rivals) Most Western nations consider them to be a terrorist organization.
What's confusing about it? B'Tselem is trying to smear the Shin Bet while skirting the fact that they're aiding in the detention, torture, and murder of Palestinians for selling land to Jews.
The bot fails to mention how this land was purchased legally from a church, and that the initial plans are to build a hotel. No building permits for a settlement have been issued. Moreover, "Israel" doesn't plan to establish a settlement there, just the rich guy who bought the land. Talk about a slanted article.
Most people probably don't know this because /worldnews mods have been deleting all the stories on the hundreds of terror attacks perpetrated by Palestinians on Israelis in the last few months. First they shoved all the stories into poorly updated sticky threads, and then they got rid of those too. How is a terror attack in Israel "local news" if a terror attack *anywhere else* isn't?
The blockade only started after Hamas incessantly attacked Israel. Plus, Egypt also enforces the blockade, which a lot of people forget/neglect to mention. It seems as though Hamas can't play nice. There's a reason most of the west defines them as a terrorist organization like ISIS or Al Qaeda.
Many Jews (like myself) find the rabid anti-Israel sentiment on campus troubling. One can be a Zionist and still find Israeli policies problematic. Zionism just means we believe in a state for the Jewish people (Note: this doesn't mean a Zionist must be opposed to a Palestinian state). However, now Zionism has become akin to a swear word, and people who know very little about the history of the I/P conflict are screaming for the indictment of Israel, banning Israeli scholars or scholars with a pro-Israel stance, and conflating all Zionists with war criminals.
Apparently the rotisserie chickens at the main Canadian chains (I usually go to Metro) are actually sold at a loss (or at least cost). They're meant to make you hungry and buy more food, or bring you to the grocery store to begin with. There's a reason they're always by the entrance.
It's for the Jewish people, not practitioners of Judaism (a religion). Zionism is a secular movement. Remind me, which country prints "In God we trust" on their currency?
If you support the Palestinians (not saying you do) how do you reconcile your dislike for a Jewish national movement with your support of a Palestinian national movement? Also note that while Israel includes many Arab citizens (20%), Abbas has gone on record saying a future Palestinian state will have 0 Jews.
There are different subsets of Jews who share similar genes. The main ones are Ashkenazim (Eastern European), Sephardim (Spanish), Mizrahim (Middle Eastern), and the Beta Israel as you mentioned (Ethiopian). Within these subsets Jews tend to share similar genes (about as much as any other race). EDIT: To add to this, this is why Ashkenazim have stereotypes about their appearance. Dark hair, brown eyes, curly hair, etc.
Jewishness is separate from Judaism. Judaism is the religion of the Jewish people. Jews tend to share genes much like any race (especially the subsets e.g Sephardic Jews).
How long do you think Gaza has been blockaded for?...
To question 1, no. The religion has changed over thousands of years, the gene pool has remained similar (about as much as any other race over that amount of time). To question 2, yes. They would still be considered Jewish. 42% of Israeli Jews define themselves as atheist.
I believe with this jackpot a very rich person would already make a profit if they played all the numbers and no one else won. However, it would take something like a full year to process that many tickets (saw someone else post the math on it but I'm too lazy to find it).
I don't know what that time is.
I'm certainly not. I responding to a comment saying that NATO should be political allies with Iran. Also, regarding the Iranian populace, are you so sure they're the moderates you claim, or are you just regurgitating what everyone else in the thread is saying? What do you think state-sponsored Sharia law and holocaust denial does to a populace? How can you explain Iranian citizens chanting "Death to America!"? What you're saying is that the populace of an extremely conservative theocracy that's flooded with propaganda somehow remains liberal, while I find that very hard to believe.
The US doesn't execute political dissidents, children, or LGBTs. The US isn't a theocracy, doesn't deny the holocaust, or follow sharia law. This is the BS I'm talking about. The US has its problems but comparing it to Iran is absurd.
Really cool mod. I think it'll become popular. Thoughts on doing the rest of synth armour? synth armour looks like a nasty hunk of plastic, rather than hi-tech armour of the future, and there really aren't any good retex's out yet.
Ethnically Jewish means one whose lineage is Jewish (like a race/ethnicity). Ashkenazim are a subset of Jews from Eastern Europe that stereotypically have dark curly hair and brown eyes and are most likely the "look" you're talking about. However, Ashkenazim look radically different than say Beta Israel (Ethiopian Jews) or Mizrahim (Middle Eastern Jews), who are also ethnically Jewish.
Yes it does have meaning. It's usually a slightly unfortunate thing to say because their understanding of "looking Jewish" is most likely based on Nazi propaganda (not that they're aware of this). Plenty of Ashkenazim have blond or red hair and green or blue eyes.
Not sure if this is fully addressing your question but Coghammer is helpful for stopping rush decks. Giving a Minibot 2 divine shields *and* taunt and being able to clear with your weapon is pretty helpful. I'd probably cut 1-2 Cons because a Secret Pali already has one of the strongest boards in the game (Minibot, Muster, Shredder, etc.), and you should be able to deal with *most* boards with minions alone. Plus Consecrate on T4 still gives your opponent initiative on their next turn, so it basically *must* be followed by a Sludge Belcher and ideally a MC (which doesn't always happen). EDIT: I like running Keeper of Uld because she can buff one of your Muster tokens, and has a decent body vs. aggro allowing for a board swing in your favour (plus her effect is very flexible and useful and most points in the game).
Yeah I run two Belchers too. They help fill out the OP pali curve. If you're having trouble vs. face shaman you could always try teching in 2 Cogs or maybe even an Ooze/Harrison (if you're facing a lot of palis+shammies).
Yeah fair enough. I will point out that Seinfeld and Woody look nothing alike :P.
That's usually a Sukkot thing organized by Chabad. They ask everyone if they're Jewish and if they are they ask if they'd like to partake in a Sukkot ritual (usually reciting some verse and giving a palm frond a few shakes). The purpose is to expose nonreligious Jews to a Judaic religious ritual (Chabad is a religious organization), and to perform a *mitzvah* (let's just call that a good deed).
Israel has had to deal with hundreds of attacks like this (car rammings and/or knife attacks) in the last several months https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5gl-HzgpMBo. Notice how the terrorist continues to attempt to hack pedestrians with a machete even after he's been shot. The situation in Israel is far different than in London, and London has an unarmed police force, whereas Israel does not.
Israel doesn't manufacture their own aircraft. You cherry picked a misleading example.
I disagree with this assessment. I run Brann and feel little impact from the negative battlecries. For Flame Imp, you usually play him before Bran, and it's only an issue if you draw him while Brann is still alive on the board. If you draw FI with an active Brann you can usually just play a different card(s) anyway or trade Brann into something if you desperately need to play a FI on T4+ (which I have never found to be the case). For Doomguard it's even less of an issue, because ideally Doomguard will be the only card left in your hand, and even if you have up to two other cards, it makes no difference. It's usually pretty easy to have Doomguard+2 or less cards at T5, considering how low-cost the Zoo curve is. The pros of Brann are that he has a decent body, and combos with a bunch of your cards to give you surprise burst. +4 attack from Abusive and Dark Iron, Power Overwhelmings or Soulfires from Peddler, and a very strong effect from Argus. Brann is also basically a soft taunt, as no one is going to leave him alive if they can help it.
Yeah I'd like to try EoM but unfortunately I don't have it. If nothing else it looks like a super fun card.
Everyone's probably said this already but the reason for Mad Scientist is in the deck name. He is a *huge* tempo play and considered one of the best 2-drops in the game. 5 mana for the price of 2, and a 2/2 body. If opponents know you're a tempo mage he is actually a prime target for silence because of how big a tempo swing he is. Whenever I face tempo mage that T3 secret seriously messes with my head. I'm forced to play around Mirror Entity, and the worst part is it isn't always ME. It's also quite common to not have a garbage minion to throw at ME. Any 3-drop+ is something I don't want a tempo mage to have. EDIT: fixed a goof.
Compared to the US? The answer is no for every single country on Earth.
You're right, I do. I don't actually play mage as I'm FTP (no Flamewaker). I do run into them a lot though. I got confused!
I think the thing is demonzoo isn't doing as well as classic aggro zoo these days. It's too midranged, which means it competes with **very** strong midranged decks and face shaman. Druids run 2 silences for VT or VC... or egg or Mal'ganis or w/e else. Secret Pali runs minions that you'll have difficulty removing without the amount of +attack in classic zoo, and there's Dr. 6, 7, and 8. Finally, face shaman has too much speed + silences for demonzoo. If you try using VT or VC they'll just Earth Shock, leaving you with your pants down. On the other hand classic zoo has the flood/tempo to overwhelm druids, and the potential to stall/outpace shamans and palis.
She's referring to Israeli police shooting Palestinian terrorists while they're in the process of stabbing people as "extra-judicial killings". It's the same thing.
It's the same people who use the term "Jew Patrol" that also complain about the "antisemitism card" being used.
That's a chicken.
I'm not sure if I'd consider someone chucking a molotov cocktail at me a "non-assailant". She also didn't say that; she made no such distinction.
How do I beat Freeze Mage with Zoolock (classic aggro zoolock)? I've been encountering a lot of them and I think I have a 0% winrate vs. freeze mage. I can't flood the board because freeze means I can't play anything new. Tapping is risky because they OTK. I often get killed 1 turn from killing them. Thoughts?
I Enjoyed JJ a lot but thought a lot of the dialogue was *terrible*. JJ and Luke were completely 2-dimensional. I think they really need to work on the dialogue and action sequences (which were pretty terribad). DD seemed to have higher production values, in that regard.
In Toronto, Ontario, the lead pipes on my street were replaced within the last ten years, and this is right downtown. Even so, it's good they did it eventually, and Toronto tap water is supposed to be some o' the best in the world.
It is... r/IsraelPalestine
That's not why people dislike the Roma. It's unfortunate but when people think of Roma they often think of pick-pockets and the like (because there are a fair amount of Roma pick pockets).
I don't run Gormok or EoM but I think one should be careful about classifying cards as "win-more" in aggro-zoo. With zoo if you lose the board mid to late game you lose. Using cards that clinch the board are actually pretty crucial.
I feel like that's more a symptom of being wealthy rather than being Jewish. A good deal of wealthy people lean to the right and oppose government spending because they don't want to be taxed more. Rich Christians tend to send their kids to private school too.
Mysterious Challenger
Two Owls seems like overkill as they can often end up dead/wasted. Jeweled Scarab just isn't very good in my opinion, especially considering warlocks have lifetap. I wouldn't take out Doomguards myself, but perhaps sub in Void Terrors instead or the Owls/Scarab, that way you get additional battlecries from Brann, and a way to get large minions.
It's not all about drug-crime prisoners though. Legalizing marijuana would allow for a substantial amount of tax revenue, and create a new(ly legal) production industry in Canada, not to mention all the businesses that go with it (dispensaries, cafes, bars, paraphernalia shops, etc.). It'd also be a large tourism draw.
I wouldn't hedge my assets. Keeping your foreign assets hedged to the CAD means that you'll be lacking currency diversity, and therefore your performance will be tied to the Canadian dollar. Sometimes the loonie will be weak (right now), sometimes it'll be strong, but I don't want to ride that +-30% wave. http://canadiancouchpotato.com/2014/03/06/why-currency-hedging-doesnt-work-in-canada/
Jesus Christ, does anyone know anything about either country? They're both *terrible*. They consistently get horrible scores on freedom indices (close to the bottom), as they're both oppressive dictatorships and they *both* supply large amounts of global terrorism. The funny thing is that Saudi Arabia most often beats Iran in terms of freedom score.
Both countries support a ton of terrorism. Iran also props up ruthless dictatorial regimes like Assad's in Syria. Assad (and Iran by proxy) caused this whole massive cluster!@#$ with ISIS. That is, 250,000 dead, and 4 million refugees that are pouring into European countries. It's funny how reddit can suddenly love Iran when it was a government they supported (with money and weapons) that started the Syrian civil war.
I'm not going to argue that, but that has no bearing on what the governments of either country would do with nukes. Saudi is terrible but at least it's allied with the West due to oil. Iran is allied with Russia, their axis seen as a destabilizing force on the world stage.
I would argue that they both get away with sponsoring terrorism (when was the last time the West went to war with either of them?), and that they're both thought of as pretty evil. Who actually likes Saudi Arabia for non-religious reasons?
It was the oppressive crackdown on the Arab Spring that led to riots that eventually escalated into a full-blown civil war. It was Assad (backed by Iran) that led to the war.
It was the US/Nato that were largely responsible for ousting these dictators though. Toppling them violently is what led to massive power-vacuums.
Probably not, because of their ties to Russia. The Cold War may have ended but there's still a West/East divide.
This seems to be a lie. Got a source for this? I have never seen someone claiming this, and can't find anything to back it up. It sounds more like Syrian propaganda.
They didn't create ISIS but it was the Assad regime that led to the civil war, as you said. ISIS is just a part of the civil war. There are many other factions.
That's not how the bi-party system works, nor is it how it works in most countries. The party itself or the populace pre-selects the candidates, and anyone can run as an independent. Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump weren't selected by Supreme Leader Barack Obama.
Ok but this is a retired general and failed politician. I don't think there's any evidence that the US was instrumental in the uprising in Syria.
I always hear "yeah but the Iranian people are so nice it's just their government that's bad". Now I'm not saying that Iranians aren't nice people, but I guarantee 98% of these comments are made by people who have never been to Iran, and most likely the entire Middle East.
No. Bush was elected by the American public by a very thin margin, there was controversy, and the Supreme Court ruled in his favour.
You're extrapolating a lot from my explanation on how most democracies work. I think Iran is worse than Saudi Arabia. Internally, they're both different degrees of shit-holes that I would rather not live in. Externally, Saudi Arabia exercises force through its terror organizations, as you said. Iran does the same thing, except with Hezbollah, Hamas, the Assad regime, ties to Al Qaeda, et cetera. Again, both bad. The main difference between the two countries are their allegiances. Saudi Arabia sides with Western countries, Iran with Eastern countries (like Russia). Iran and Saudi Arabia both try to spread their influence through the Middle East with terrorism and foreign governments. There's a reason Russia doesn't want the Syrian regime to fall. Saudi would never do something to bite the hand that feeds it (for the most part), e.g. going to war with Israel. Iran is fed by a different hand.
Yes but I would argue Iran is not a democracy, just the illusion of one, which makes it more sinister.
Assad started by suppressing the Arab Spring. The populace was protesting for democracy and his regime responded with gunfire. It didn't start as terror.
I said "for the most part". I'm not going to deny that Saudi causes plenty of terror worldwide (although usually not directly), but as terrible as it sounds, these are relatively minor instances in the West. Iran actively arms and and funds Hamas in its terrorist war against Israel, a Western ally.
There's a differences between Saudi-sponsored terrorism and Sunni terrorism. I'm talking about terrorism that is specifically funded by Saudi/Iran. Sunnis represent 87-90% of Muslims, so it'd make sense that there's a greater number of Sunni jihadists. Assad/Iran is equally responsible for the 250k killed+4mil displaced. Iran also has ties to Al Qaeda. Hamas has killed far more than 100 people, and is directly responsible for the blockade of 2 million people (ongoing). I am very aware of the blood on Saudi Arabia's hands. I'm saying Iran does as well, and they're both terrible. I would not want either to get nukes, but I'd like it less if Iran had them. Iran's power in the region would become far greater if they got nukes.
Hah, well at least we can agree they're both bad. I'd also agree that I'd rather live in Iran (if I had to choose), but Iran with nukes would put the whole region in flux, which would most likely create a massive !@#$-storm. Yeah I was going to watch *A Girl Walks Home Alone at Night*, and I also heard *A Separation* was one of the best films of its year. They're on my to-do list.
One tends to over-weigh their own country for a number of reasons, and CCP goes into them in this article: http://canadiancouchpotato.com/2012/05/22/ask-the-spud-does-home-bias-ever-make-sense/ .
I have a large, aggressive portfolio (85% equity) for a *long* time horizon (30 years+). I've had the same thoughts that your are, and I got asked this question: is chasing that .5% annual return worth it? Let's say the market crashes like in 2008. Companies take a massive hit and lay off workers, including you. Your equities have lost 45% value, and you're unemployed, with no source of income. Wouldn't it be nice to have that 10% you can tap into without realizing a massive loss? How about a less terrible example. The market is down and you'd like to buy a house. If you want to put down a larger down payment, you'll realize a loss. If you can still 100% say "it's worth it" then go for it, but there are no guarantees in life.
This is an important point. I think it's silly to go chasing .5% gains in exchange for a 100% equity portfolio (vs. 90%), yet at the same time you're not doing your absolute best to minimize tax drag (which could easily equal .5%+). Personally I use VUN/XEF/XEC.
Do not mix assets if you're not married or at least engaged. If you guys can't handle the idea of marriage, then don't mix your assets/debts. Do not share assets/debts with someone you disagree with in terms of how to spend money and how much should be spent. Pay off your debt first. How do you plan on paying off your 60k debt if you'll be unemployed living on a farm? Are your costs accurate? I kinda' doubt it. It'd likely be cheaper to buy a property with a house or trailer already on it, in terms of opportunity cost. Can you get approved for the mortgage you're claiming? Do you know how to build a house? Do you know how to farm? Do you know how much the farming equipment will cost? Etc, etc, etc. You either need to share more details on your plan, or you really haven't thought it through, and shouldn't go through with it.
I haven't been to either country, nor do I ever intend to. My knowledge comes from Western sources (I am not American, and nor are most of my sources). I don't think it's preposterous to compare two Islamic theocratic dictatorships that both enforce Sharia law. I would much rather visit Iran than Saudi, but they're both bad, and I'd rather skip both.
I'm not disputing anything you just said. Saudi Arabia is a terrible country. However, they'd probably be less volatile with nukes than Iran. Iran with nukes would gain a huge amount of sway in the Middle East, consequently strengthening Russia. I also don't think Saudi would ever get nukes without the express permission of the US. It wouldn't be worth it to them otherwise.
Here are some articles: http://canadiancouchpotato.com/2014/09/12/foreign-withholding-taxes-in-international-equity-etfs/ http://canadiancouchpotato.com/2012/09/17/foreign-withholding-tax-explained/ http://canadiancouchpotato.com/2014/02/20/the-true-cost-of-foreign-withholding-taxes/
&gt; We need to get on the same page, or at least understand the relative gap between our contributions. I think this is an excellent idea. Also if you're going to share assets perhaps have 3 accounts: yours, theirs, and shared. If only one of you is working perhaps the other should get a "wage" from the other for doing most of the farming (I'm assuming the other will be doing more farming). Also where will you live during construction of the house? A trailer could be handy for that, even if it doesn't sound super glamorous.
CCP is the champion of passive investing in Canada so it gets mentioned a lot in this sub. If you're looking for more than passive investing, then it's probably not for you. The thing is, I think it's safe to say most Canadians lack the savvy/time/commitment/desire to partake in active investing, hence the popularity of CCP here.
So I took another look at your portfolio. For a CCP portfolio I'd probably include some Developed International ex-North America, nix the dividend fund, put more in the US, and stick with whichever bonds you prefer. Right now you're very tied to the Canadian market through hedging, as well as the underlying holdings. A normal CCP split would roughly be 33% Canadian, 33% US, 33% International. I also have 5% in developing markets. As for fixed income choose what matches your age/risk tolerance. EDIT: Oh one more thing, I know timing the market is typically bad, but things are unusually volatile in Canada these days. I would be cautious before ironing in a large loss or buying something that's doing very well. If you do intend on realizing a loss, consider tax-loss harvesting it against your income tax.
East Jerusalem had been previously illegally conquered by Jordan, and they decided to pave the roads with ancient Jewish grave-stones. It was originally planned to be an international city. The Palestinians have no legal claim to it, and I highly doubt Israel would ever give it up.
Whoops sorry. I was very tired when I wrote this. Well aware of the difference.
My bad. I do know the difference, just a typo. Must've been reading "West Bank" as I typed it or something.
I was talking about Gaza but misspoke. Deleted the comment.
I would argue that you are being the deceptive one. The native peoples you're referring to were usually ones who preceded "land ownership" as a concept, like Native Americans or indigenous Australians. Palestinians do not follow this trend. They were simply Arabs who lived in the land of Palestine during the reign of the Ottoman Empire. Post-Ottomans, the land belonged to the British (not the Palestinians), the UN decided it should become an international city, and then the Jordanians conquered it through war. Out of all the places in Israel, it's a bit nutty that people can claim Jerusalem is indigenous Palestinian land when it's filled with Jewish artifacts and architecture. And yes, it has been said that Jerusalem will never be divided again.
You have Intellect and Drakes for draw, and Portal and Mad Scientist for drawish. If you're really struggling Duplicate can help as a third secret.
My parents own a very old (est. 1940) used bookstore and I work there from time to time. It's really incredibly boring. It's not even the retail aspect. It's the sitting in an empty shop for hours and hours with very little to do and very few customers who aren't browsing. It sounds interesting and romantic but it's mostly just sitting around.
Apple is one of the most successful companies at vertical integration, so I don't see why not. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vertical_integration#Apple
Because it's quite boring. Very limited interaction with humans, and yet interruptive enough with phone calls and the occasional question that you can't concentrate on any one thing for an extended period of time. Also book collectors are oftentimes insane. Like totally bonkers. Finally, the jobs/situations you just outlined are bottom-barrel and not super common in a metropolitan city. Sounds more like the American mid-west/south...
Well Tesla is also a very new company... I'm sure Apple could figure it out.
Oh you mean the guy who called Hamas and Hezbollah (considered to be terrorist organizations) friends?
I've been switching between dup and counterspell and like them both. Duplicate also works as card draw(ish) and won me several late-games. The problem right now is most people expect a non-Mirror Entity to be counterspell and can often play around it. Duplicate's problem is Mirror Image. Really disappointing when that happens.
Mirror Image destroys druids though, which make up a ton of matches around R3.
Hmm. I'm sure you're right but I'm FTP and unfortunately don't have arcane blast, nor is it a priority. Don't know why they had to make it an epic. Seems more like a rare.
Demonzoo isn't necessarily worse, it's just not good in this meta. It's too slow to seize the board from other midrange decks like secret pali, and Voidcaller can be silenced, which seriously murders your tempo.
Then they'd have to print ID cards for every single migrant. That requires way more resources than a wristband.
Israel doesn't control Gaza, Hamas does. Israel and Egypt are *both* blockading Gaza because Gaza prefers terror over civilization.
but how is the southern Canadian climate different than the northern US? In Ontario there are a !@#$ton of mosquitoes. Is it because it's cold up here? 'Cuz it's not actually that cold, until you start goin' further north.
5 to legend is basically just druids and palis. I feel like the amount of druids with silence make the demon package quite weak compared to classic zoo. The odd shaman or two also pack Earth Shocks. I'm sure one could still make it to legend if they played demonzoo very well, I just think it'd be easier with other decks.
