1. Cro 2. Taco 3. Vermette Honorable mention: Steeger Honorable mention 2: Timmonen
I would trade the confusion in Philly for the sheer anger and white trashedness of Boston. If anyone has a video of those guys from the stands during the 17-second spurt in 2014 that would be something I have been chasing down.
KaneGB is exponentially better than AK72 or whatever was floating around. Good work
I haven't checked in a while, but just want you to know that my directv went out as Matt Albers doubled advanced to third and scored the Go-ahead run.
I think Rose worked out for the Bulls. He just had some unfortunate health, family, organizational, big-3, Boozer, Gasol, Hamilton countless other issues that didn't get the Bulls to the Championship. He played a major part of those shortcomings, but to compare Derrick Rose to the lifeless, entitled Gordon Beckham or to Joe Borchard is ridiculous. It's hard to compare Derrick Rose to anyone on the Sox, but if I would have to, it would have to be Magglio Ordonez. Maggs was far and away the Sox best player for 4 or 5 years when some injuries shortened his White Sox career where he was able to pick up and move on to one of the team's biggest rivalries. I hate the Tigers, but was extremely happy to see Maggs send tha team into the World Series... only after we had won one ourselves. Unfortunately, the Bulls don't have a post-Rose plan like the Sox had a post-Maggs plan and Brett Lawrie should hit a line drive off of both GarPax kneecaps.
Longest nine inning MLB game was 4-45. Dont know when the puck dropped officially here, but we have got a chance.
Was working. Thought it was 12:05. The seven pitch breeze through the heart of our order would have put that to bed.
The exact opposite of framing a pitch
Sure mismanaged pen but bases loaded none out should be at least two runs.
Maybe this goes long enough that we miss garPax fuck up the draft tonight?
Why is Lawrie looking for an appeal?
Shouldn't be indifference, should be ignorance.
That's a total of two pitches.
Just clearing cap space for melo, lebron, wade, Kobe, grant hill Tim Duncan and Tracy mcgrady
Rick Bucher.
q-WIN-tana is my favorite mispronunciation
You sounded like dirty Harry there.
He won more games than Mike Price.
Oh to be young and not know the pain of Zook.
Have the Sox had a pitcher train at APEC? I'm not sure I like seeing a guy exert himself like this for the sole purpose of seeing how he can light up a gun in a non-baseball exercise. The Sox, under Cooper and Co. have had pretty good success of getting pitchers to throw a lot of innings and avoid long stints on the DL and I threw up a little bit in my mouth watching this.
Not saying it's not a standard exercise. My concern is why is there a dude in the background freaking out about the velocity? It's that mentality that leads to injury. If it's happening on that drill, it's happening on other drills and in the weight room. I did a quick search on YT and found a video featuring our prospect working out with Josh Tomlin and Nick Rumbelow down at APEC. Not sure when that video was shot but both of those guys have gone through major surgeries in the last two years or so. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=wPeffiUGKPQ
You and all the other downvoters are right. Probably nothing to be concerned about with a guy who has already been suspended for a banned stimulant and works out with this group trying to get a viral following for a 110-MPH non-pitch.
What is a super cause for concern?
it's a beautiful name for a boy or a girl. Especially a girl. Or a boy.
isn't it 2017 now?
How can they survive a rebuild? I'd love to see some new faces. Starting with these two.
Losers find a way to lose. Niko finds a way to make sure that it happens.
I don't have the stats in front of me because I'm texting and driving, but this team has to be the worst 3 point defense
Hoiberg is talking about three threes. They hit 17 of 30.
Shocked to see middle of the pack.
From this tweet it would appear that our real problem is the Lord and Savior baby Jesus recruiting kids away from UF. We either need to flip Gods only son who died on the cross for our sins to start working for us, or just wait around for Him to commit a recruiting violation.
I hate to sound too much like fuhrer Trump, but I think SNL is a disgrace. They have 734 cast members and not one of them is talented enough to carry a sketch or weekend update. As a young comedic actor, being on that show is your opportunity to become a household name with your characters, impersonations and writing ability. They've got one guy who plays Putin by taking his shirt off and very little else. If I were a cast member, I would be livid that an established celebrity steals the spotlight every week and marginalized my performance. Not as a host but as a guy who lives in the neighbourhood. I know they regard Alec Baldwin as a honorary cast member, but he's being a "rude, thoughtless little pig" in this manner. There is absolutely no edge to the show anymore as they continue to pander to a mainstream sentiment and have no time to hurt anyone's feelings. If Phil Hartman had lived to see the end of Clinton's administration, I seriously doubt he would have had a sobby thank you and goodbye tribute like they performed for Obama. Peace and love.
It's sad to see, but even Dr. Rush will have to admit, parking and home football games had nothing to do with the failed business. They simply bit off more than they can chew and overextended themselves. They had a closet on University Drive for 25 years and sublet a church for another 10. They tried to become Uncle Moe's Family Feedbag and this is what happens.
Gangster talk- right right?
That is one of the worst post moves I've ever seen.
The 90-91 Lakers team was awful. Especially after the attrition they suffered. I think Worthy and Scott missed multiple games. It's impossible to compare LeBron's opponents to Jordan's because it's a almost a different sport. There are certain players who transcend generations. There's no doubt that LeBron and Michael could play during any era but no one can tell if these warriors would be dominant because before the​ rules changes. That's what makes Duncan's accomplishments even more impressive since he started having to deal with Kobe and Shaq and then they would eventually have to compete with the super teams and the three and "d" specialists.
Whose rules are we playing? The 90s and today are two totally different games.
97 heat team was stacked and didn't have a chance. What Rodman did to Zo was Hannibal Lector level.
I'm not sure, but I think Timmy passed on to the Lord during this time too.
Both are trash. But, chain smokers make blackies look like the rolling Stones. They are an iHeartRadio fabrication that are only popular due to incessant air time. Try turning on your radio now. Howard is now just a part of a Sirius junket. I imagine the Chainsmokers were just in the building that day and stopped in the studio as part of the tour. Im offended by the booking of this guest.
I don't like the Goo Goo Dolls, but they were one of the biggest bands on earth in late 90s early 00s. Every song they put out went to number one or close to it, it seemed. Even still, Howard only had them on the show if they played in front of their gay dance party. The Goo Goo Dolls didn't need Howard Stern to promote their record or their show, but they made the appearance any way. It's just not fun. It's not funny.
The only redeeming quality of Sharia law is that participation in softball is punishable by death. There is more sportsmanship in the blue whale project than in softball. However, I can only blame the umpire for what happens. He just stands behind the plate like a tit while the remarkably short manager conspires with his team for over a minute. If you don't break up that huddle after a ten count youre asking for trouble. The classiest move by the manager is him obviously telling his ladies to wait another 10-15 seconds after he returns to the dugout to break in order to build the appearance that he had nothing to do with it and the team went rogue.
Isnt he just having second thoughts? Doesn't look like a Draymond move. Looks like me whenever i go up in the lane and realize I'm totally fucked.
Maybe he coaches Oklahoma football instead?
When I was your age there was a super star on every team. The dream team only had two sets of teammates. 96 only had one in Stockton and malone. Not a perfect way to measure, but just an illustration.
Keep your chin up. One door closes another always opens. Just make sure not to kill anyone with that door.
One of the worst home run calls in baseball history. C-ya??? That's what you came up with? But even still, not even the worst home run call in that hallway.
And it's horrible.
Not really. After his NFL career he was hired at my sister's company. ** Quit after his first month with the company. Sorry I lived in Boston at the time and I didnt have regular conversations with my sister, so I think I made up my own story. Much like Fox and CNN will do. The fundamentals are all the same though. Hired. Unreliable. Left after short period of time.
I don't remember. This was five or six years ago. I think he was on Twitter at the time. So no need for alarm. Not saying he wasn't a great player for us, I just wanted to play devil's advocate re: his reliability.
No one over the age of 13 throws share. **Shade
To play?
He'll have no trouble moving his furniture to anywhere but here
HIV positive? Please tell me it is HIV positive.
Are you saying Niko, Payne and MCW isn't a super team?
No one saw that he compared himself to Todd Frazier in this interview?
Avisail Garcia has been better at baseball this year than the previous years he's played for the White Sox.
https://i.ytimg.com/vi/BjHK2Uczq7o/maxresdefault.jpg Preview of the kid's baseball card.
Callis treated Our Chuck much more civilly than Keith Law.
The entire Law interview oozes with pompousness​. Compared to how down to earth Our Chuck is it was oil and whatever oil doesn't mix with from the beginning.
There's video? Only heard podcast
That's not the sentence for manslaughter.
Gene Simmons created Reddit. And this sub. And all of you
If the column is portraying this group of 10,000 Muslims as a reflection of the entire religion, that's about as misleading as saying that ISIS is an adequate representation of the entire religion. Everyone should be against terrorism. There shouldn't ever have to be a rally or a protest against terrorism. It's like having a pro-oxygen rally. The signs the women who are marching say it all, "Please don't kill INNOCENT people." Let's ask them who's innocent and who's not innocent. ISIS is not Islamic extremism because there really isn't an equal and opposite extreme in the religion. Groups like that might be radical, but it's not as extreme as one would think relative to the general population.
Ha! but it's 'rite' of passage isn't it?
How many special persecutors does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Tell me more about these St Louis Rams. Sounds like they come from an ancient mythical land.
Thank God for Kahnle and Donaldson. Wouldn't have won without those two guys.
His second grade earth science teacher should be charged with negligence
I was at this game. Great road trip as a bears/gators fan where LSU/Florida was the day before in Gainesville. I remember the big story was that a 40 year old bears fan going to his first ever bears game and getting his throat slashed less than a mile from the stadium. Anyways, the D probably had more takeaways in the 2nd half of that game than in 2016.
That might be the "PLO room" tho. The rest of the estate could be tits.
I'm already getting fitted for a Tyler Ulis bulls jersey
I don't think the question is if he opts in but how many games he'll play. I have garpax paying about 1.5 mil per wade game next season.
They should waive Cameron Payne so that Cleveland can pick him up and do a sign and trade max deal.
LeBron to Clips or Lakers to force the NBA to go to a straight 1-16 format in the playoffs. 10-11 Western conference teams plus Celtics, bullets and bucks. 35-40% of the league tanks to avoid dubs and LeBron's super team. The NBA will try to curtail tanking by changing to a 40 game season. Lbj plays 30. So that he can play until his grandchildren can play with him. 22 straight NBA finals appearances he final retires when Donald Trump suffers a stroke in his eleventh term as emperor. First ever human manned craft reaches Mars and builds a colony and a developmental league. Where LeBron sends a test tube of his super sperm to be farmed to create an entire interplanetary league of LeBron's. If you need me I'll be at Alex Jones house this weekend working some shit out.
I don't blame him. I've never made 24 million in a year. I will blame him when he plays 15 games.
He would need to be caught with Carrie Fisher amount of drugs between today and Thursday to drop this far.
What's a y'all?
Who hates hoss? Maybe predators fans? Get over it.
Didn't knicks fans want Jackson gone when he drafted porzingis? Just giving you what you want.
I'm so confused by this. The heats best picks are Brook Lopez and Mason plumlee? Wasn't kawhi Leonard drafted by the pacers? Wasn't derrick Rose good at basketball?
You've watched Nikko?
A lot of tj leafs highlights are right over this Finn.
I've seen a dozen of these over the last year.
I don't mind blowing "it" up. But "it" includes the clowns making the moves. I don't trust any of their personnel or development decisions. If someone with a proven track record of salary cap management and talent evaluation were at the helm, trading Butler would have been a no brainer. However, their return was laughable. Even if the decision is to tank and be completely flexible next summer, the top talent is going to notice the toxic environment Pax and Forman have created and steer clear. Chicago has whiffed on every premier free agent since the beginning of free agency. The NBAs top level talent is a small clique. And the bulls are not a part of that clique. It would be a huge gesture to just get rid of Forman and Paxson.
Yes.
I'm sick of even the phrase "HoiBall" there is no such thing as Hoiball.
My Bar Mitzvah partner was Zach Levine. (pronounced the same)
I think that Alejandro Dypshyt is the real deal.
This is why that Abreu anomaly is weird but not that crazy.
He doesn't have a system. He played a certain way with the cyclones but it's not like you just copy and paste that style to the NBA. Billy Donovan and Brad Stevens were much more successful in NCAA basketball but are completely running different systems with their current teams because they have different personnel. It's not like he has a secret recipe that you can just plug any stiff in and score 130/night. Hoiberg was hired to coach Derrick Rose, Jimmy Butler, DunDun, Gasol and Noah. Do you think he's looking at his lineup now and saying "finally?". This is going to be a disaster. He should have taken the Ohio State job. (Fire garpax)
That's ridiculous. Styles don't win games. Players do. That locker room has zero players.
And then he doesn't play tonight
Steve Kerr didn't have Kerr ball. He saw the hand he was dealt and put them in the best position to win. If Kerr was the coach of the 2015 bulls he wouldn't have played the same way as he plays in Golden State. It's not like Hoiberg agreed to coach a team under the assumption that the entire roster would be completely turned over. And i mean completely. The only player who is left from the 2014-15 team that he took over is Nikola Mirotic. A player who has gotten measurably worse under Hoiball. Hoiberg is not there to develop talent or implement a style. He's only there to replace an outspoken coach who would provide resistance to a incompetent front office. For any of you buying into hoiball I sympathize for you.
that was like a month after the game tying grand slam in Seattle.
I think the Cubs pennant tells more than the actual facebook message.
This series should be played at McKethan after the shit they pulled this year
He should be ready for his side day for some work out of the bullpen which would be Wednesday. Unless the Tigers call. Gilbert through at least 115 in the afternoon so LSU is in the same position.
Posted the picture before he ate the camera.
Define hilarious
