It's nearly impossible to actually "eye test" teams cross-region in LoL. Doing that in League would be like if Asian soccer (football) teams decided to play 2 keepers and 6 strikers while European played 9 defenders and 0 keepers and America played 11 midfield. The styles, metas and overall level of comfort is hilariously inconsistent worldwide. I believe it was EU that took literally 2 months to start playing Sivir while NA and China and Korea were both well into the Sivir craze. EU is currently in an all out aggression early game and fuck teamfights meta (which got Fnatic so far at MSI) while NA is in a late game team centric meta. This is like back in S3 (I believe) except reversed. EU was the "20 minutes of nothing happening, then a team stomps a teamfight after 10 minutes wandering around baron aimlessly" region while we saw the rise of C9 with coordinated team calling and pushing early game leads to the point of the other team being entirely helpless in NA. No meta is better than the others. Late game teamfight comp falls behind massively? Well good luck with your Athene's, Rod Orianna and haunting guise armguard Rumble trying to wombo. Flipside, early game comp doesn't get the lead they need to coast to a win? Prepare for some horrendously one sided teamfights because, shockingly, Irelia/Zed/Corki can't efficiently kill Cassio/Sej/Gnar/Sivir.
Ignoring the fact that the home advantage is flawed in that it's not adjusted for relative opponent strength, the data is biased by that loss streak at home. It's a part of the "data" in the same way as if 5 darts out of 100 flat out missed a dartboard is part of the data.
I really liked Rochelle from Season 12 and Mary from Season 11. I'm not even sure why. Mary should have won, even ignoring what happened to Ja'nel. Rochelle was just silly and probably wouldn't have ran a team well, but she was just so *happy*.
Calling Diana a true assassin is greatly exaggerated. She's always been a weird Assassin/Bruiser/Mage hybrid. The shield makes no sense on an assassin, the E makes no sense for any of them honestly and the ult makes no sense for mage or bruiser.
He can't adjust to the meta. He was great during assassin meta. He was great during farm meta. He's done terrible in the mid-range meta that we have now with Azir, Cass and Viktor.
I was impressed I could understand him through the accent. That's a good sign as to how well he's actually doing with the language. His accent is still very heavy though.
It's always impressive when you find a way to get caught out as Urgot.
Kinda. She doesn't need to stay in mid-range though like Cass. Her Q is Ziggs range and her ult is pretty long range. Her E is the only really short range ability.
Why is Origen convincingly winning fights then losing objectives? That mid lane fight where they 3 for 1ed ended with SK dragon. Catching Sven and Fredy then immediately losing mid tower despite having taken 0 damage.
Fight was going fine... then like 3 people flashed over the wall to chase Sven lol.
Which team is worse, though? The one with the ADC who forgets that the meta shifts or the one with the top/jungle duo that just died TWENTY TIMES in one game.
She's great if she can put out early pressure. She's also great if your tank doesn't go 0/11.
Sorry, but no... if you just shove up to a tower against Kalista/Azir, they are going to poke you forever. That was also not a team to dive, with the Maokai, Kalista, Azir, Naut.
I mean, they'll wind up in the qualification tournament even if they don't win the split. Then, it's on them to just win.
Diamond may have had a good game, but I wasn't impressed in the last few mins (his ults weren't useful) and he was pretty bad in the other 3 games this split. He also wasn't impressive last split either.
Yeah, shit's boring when Giants play like a team. It's almost like they think they're in the LCS or something.
Giants with the "What the fuck are we even doing" teamcomp.
Seriously... Giants have below average siege (AP Kog poke is insane, but Ezreal isn't a tower taking ADC). They have no tank line and no lockdown. They have pitiful early game. How will they win? Split pushing? They can *never* group.
That feel when the 0 ping Alistar can't do the combo you can do at 100 ping.
Best part is that THEY are the ones that wanted to keep the top laner down and they didn't have to sacrifice drag pressure for it.
Did I just witness a completely wiffed Rumble ult and a Sej ult on a black shielded support?
So at what point did Svenskeren lose all talent?
"Hey this is a really good fight for Ro... WHY IS WOOLITE ON TOP OF NOCTURNE, GRAGAS AND ANNIE"
I don't see any possibility of Woolite having a roster spot in a month.
Rumble wasn't in the area. It doesn't continuously knock back.
Soaz is legitimately terrifying now. Where was this the last season with Fnatic.
I mean, they are Korea-like styling on teams at this point. This is silly and it might hurt them when they play better teams, but it's hilarious.
I think TL can beat a few Asian teams... not SKT, but some of the mid-tier Koreans and probably do well against SEA and China.
I know it didn't happen in that game, but can we just put Ezreal back into the garbage can that he belongs in? He doesn't *do* anything.
And Teemo winds up being top damage in games involving him more often than not too. Does that make him incredibly impactful? I see traditional Ezreal like a worse Corki and Blue Ez as a worst Urgot.
Why are they not fighting that? Fenix literally hit 4 with a stun and Jarvan and Alistar were both sub 500 health.
There will never be a worse Olafing than the original Eve gutting (and the slightly less impactful new Eve nerfs). Her original Olafing was more a DFG issue, though iirc.
Depending on my mood, I like to play in this meta. Some days, I just feel like being Maokai. Sometimes I feel like sitting on an ADC's face (whether mine or theirs) and making sure that my ADC is the only one doing damage. Then, sometimes, I feel like I want to play Fiora and then I realize "Oh wait, I can't do that! I won't be able to kill Maokai/Gragas/Nautilus at 20 minutes!" It's also really dull to watch, even when a top laner plays a "carry" (Rumble or Ryze basically). Laneswap meta is boring to me... it makes nothing interesting happen for 10 minutes in side lanes. Then, when you get standard lanes, it's a farm lane unless a Ryze is involved, in which case you can count on a TON of action in that lane. You'll get junglers there all the time, maybe a support here or there. And then, 10 minutes in, whether up 5 kills or down 5 kills, Ryze will hold the enemy top laner in place forever. Jungle farms forever, maybe tries a few halfhearted ganks. Mid lane is some combination of Azir/Cass/LB 95% of the time (only when two are banned will you see the super exciting AP Kog'maw... the more disgusting iteration of Ziggs), where the first two simply farm and try to be irritating or LB goes LOLOLOL I ONE SHOT YOU NOW and makes her opponent stay out of vision of her. ADC is literally Sivir, Urgot or Kalista. Kalista is the most interesting thing in the pro meta right now. Sivir is the ADC Ziggs. Urgot isn't an ADC. Support meta is at least somewhat diverse... some mages like Morg and Annie, some peelers like Janna, some engages like Thresh and Naut and then occasionally Bard, who people insist is actually a useful champion.
Kass, Zed, Ahri and TF are all not being played frequently (ie the only people playing them only play like 2 of the meta mids) because they either take way too long to be useful (Kassadin, somewhat TF), don't have the damage to kill people (Ahri, TF, somewhat Kass) or are able to be hardcountered out of the game by 25 minutes (Zed). Kass just doesn't have the damage he needs to deal with LB, Azir or Cass and he can't slow an AP Kog's farming. Ahri is just in a bad place in this meta. She has control mage damage with an assassin's kit. Cooldowns are way too long and mana costs way too high for her to get repetitive damage off. TF needs to snowball and, since the rest of the map would rather farm for 15 mins, he can't do that too well. And as for Zed, QSS. Zhonyas. GG. Urgot doesn't see much mid play anymore for some reason. I guess he doesn't get to bully Cassiopeia and Azir as much as mid laners would like. AP Kog and Varus are niche picks and Viktor still leaves me unimpressed for the most part. That's a good example of *why* Cass, Azir and LB are so strong. Viktor performs fine, but why pick Viktor when you can have Cassiopeia with an easier stun, more consistent damage, stronger scaling and inbuilt sustain only at the cost of a little range on the poke or an Azir, with longer range poke than Viktor, an escape, a great disengage tool ult and some of the safest farming AND poking in the game.
"Do I take the tank that can knock everyone away, the tank that can stun everyone, the tank that secures Baron/Dragon easily or the tank that can see everyone around her?" Your choice isn't too diverse. There are 3 super common junglers plus one that's starting to come back (unsuccessfully in many cases) and two that are comfort picks for various junglers. There are about 4 top laners: Ryze, Rumble, Maokai, Gnar. There are 3 common mids and a couple niche picks (Cass, Azir, LB then Kog, Varus, Urgot for a few). ADC is Kalista or Sivir unless one is banned, then default to a comfort pick. Support is the most diverse.
It was the fact that people only played "OP" stuff, like Nidalee, Jayce, Ezreal, etc. and would absolutely demolish you if you tried new stuff. Even if you get to throw out a cleaver every quarter second as Mundo, it just doesn't hold up to the machine gun Nidalee/Jayce lane.
Playing Combo Deathrattle priest. Sneeds is out. Opponent is at 17 health. Have the combo in my hand (Rivendare, Zombie Chow x2, Auchenai, circle). Opponent kills Sneeds. Illidan. 1 minion on board (Illidan). Play Rivendaire. Now 3. Chow #1. 5. Chow #2. 7. Try to play Auchenai. Fail. Play Circle.
No, now it's the 100%-20 with the E-W combo while being unkillable.
Likely would have clipped the Nexus, making it invuln.
For what it's worth, in my pitiful silver 4 ranked games, I snowball with Annie super hard. I start flask, never leave lane until I get a Needlessly Large Rod then work on getting my ADC as many assists as possible (I take the kills because it is still silver and I trust no one). Usually, by 25 mins I have a Ludens and at least Sorc Shoes, possibly another whole Needlessly Large Rod. At that point, I just play assassin Annie. I get Distortion fairly early and play "See ADC kill ADC". If you're not super ahead, though, you should probably consider going a more bruisery build. RoA (though it might be late for that by the time you realize you need it), Abyssal, Zhonya's, Rylai's. Basically in teamfights you are always going to look for an opportunity to Tibbers their backline, which is easier to do depending on the ADC and their tankline. I would never drop Tibbers on tanks unless you absolutely need to peel them off. If you can flash Tibbers onto 3+ people, do it (as long as your team is nearby). Usually, you can one shot someone and hit Zhonya's before they can really react.
If you aren't snowballing out of control, look to bruiser AP items. Annie can act as a pseudo tank fairly well with items like Rylai's, RoA, Abyssal and Zhonyas. Look to start with a Needlessly Large Rod, unless behind. If behind, rush RoA. If you can't pick up a few kills with the NLR, go Zhonya's. If you can, Luden's or Dcap is fine. If your team isn't snowballing after your one item, go for Rylai's or Abyssal. Basically, if you feel like your team has a lead and just needs to blow up fights quickly, go pure damage, triple Rod items. If you feel like your team isn't ahead and needs to win the long, drawn out fights, go bruisery.
I think they're good choices if you haven't gotten a lead. Annie wins fights be virtue of being overleveled a good portion of the time. An underleveled Annie with a Luden's is a lot less effective than an underleveled Annie with RoA and an Armguard.
While I like his stream, he is a terrible example of off-role play when he's stuck not going mid. He builds Full AP Janna support... He explains the little things about Annie very well and he even does a good job explaining things while playing his fallback Veigar, but he's lost playing Top (he plays Nasus and generally goes like 1/4/something), he has like one jungler (plus Annie, which I've never actually seen him do successfully, but it's something), he doesn't play ADC and his non-Annie support pool is the aforementioned AP Janna, featuring Zhonya's and Dcap.
It may be a difference in elo. I play in Silver, where I can reliably get onto a backline with a triple man Tibbers regardless of how the game is going. I've also seen a grand total of ONE Banshee's Veil on an ADC in my last 20 Annie games. If I'm stuck in a rough lane (HI LEBLANC), I build RoA. If I'm in an even or winning matchup, I rush Luden's, but I always feel like it doesn't really matter what I build when my Tibbers + W will almost always simultaneously one shot their ADC, mid laner and support.
Though, to be fair, he'd have to be eating brains for *months* and that was his big concern. He said "What's my greater good?" referring to the fact that Liv can tell herself she eats brains to catch murderers while he would eat brains and not have anything to make him feel better about it. And he would have to live the rest of his life, human or otherwise, knowing that he ate people.
It may work fine, but it's making a team oriented champion that *cannot solo carry through damage* have very little in the way of usual support utility. I'm fine with AP Sonas. I'm fine with AP Namis. Their heals aren't on their ultimates and they have fairly high scalings on their damage and utility ratios. Janna doesn't have good damage scaling. It's also somewhat of a bad habit to show lower elo players.
Well, duh. Most of us know that. I personally don't think she deserved to win even before the drug test happened. She was not the best leader.
Jwaow pls.
I really don't know what Element's plan was this game. Bard and Vayne work well together, but Gragas, Bard and Vayne all seem counterintuitive to the Ekko and Fizz.
Least Teemo support can stop an ADC from AAing for a second or two. His Bard is simply part of the enemy wombo combo somehow. I'm seriously waiting for a 5 man on own team Bard ult against Malph/Ori/Yasuo or some shit like that.
Leblanc says "Hi" Zed says "Hi" That is an assassins *job*. Your job is to pick off a priority target then get out and then take an objective. Yes, Ekko can blow up a carry. He can't blow up multiple carries unless they are idiotic and stand on him when he Zhonyas. He just doesn't have the pure damage in his basic kit to do so with an ability to get out. Where is IS too strong is the fact that he can zone like a control mage while being able to do assassin burst. His damage is fine for an assassin.
Alright let's stop with the "omg Ekko op" circlejerk. He is an assassin. He blows up a target fairly easily. His ult is the majority of his damage, yes, but it's also his safety blanket. Saying that it's OP that he can get onto a carry and get out... what would you prefer an assassin do? THAT IS THEIR FREAKING JOB. Leblanc does that right now. Zed used to (and still can if ahead). Akali can even assassinate fairly safely (situationally). Ekko cannot blow up a target easily and safely without his ult. His only "OP" part is his zoning. He should not be able to zone like Cass or Ori while doing the damage of Leblanc. Pick one side.
Leblanc. Throw Q onto carry, W-R. Entire team chunked to half, carry dead. Press W again and you're safe. Zed doesn't do as much AoE, but he sacrifices it for much more dueling safety and outplay potential than LB. Zed poke is also about on-par with Ekko. I said that his stun is OP because it gives him the zoning power of any control mage while being able to do assassin damage. The field needs to be visible at cast. The shield needs to be cut to about a third of what it is. The stun should be 1 sec vs champs.
He gets a one second window where he can't nope out. During that time he should, theoretically, be using his abilities and autoattacking. One second also isn't a ridiculous amount of time... basically just enough to hit him with a quick CC.
I think that's a cinderhulk Ekko. He has so much defense.
A lot of soloqueue junglers have been playing Cinderhulk Ekko.
This is hilariously bad. The bronze dives. The 1v2 0 damage Reksai. The fail Gragas ults.
Holy crap Gragas damage.
It's almost like people don't read the posts they're responding to. I said Ekko's W active (not the execute) needs to be nerfed. The stun duration should be lowered VS champs. It should be visible immediately. The shield scaling should be cut to about a third.
Hecarim is a great pick. I'm kinda unsure of the LB for Fenix, but he's in a winning matchup. If *anyone* can play Ekko jungle, it'd be Dom. Corki... yeah idk.
Up until a few months ago, he streamed in his language. Pretty sure this is normal.
That Sneaky heal-flash tower dive put him so far behind and got Ekko a kill to get sightstone. It may not seem like a lot, but stuff like that does really hurt.
Yes, but then he rapidly lost that CS lead with zero pressure on either side. Azir is supposed to be able to farm safely early, but he played terrified of LB despite a 20 CS lead. He also had no deep vision, despite a sightstone jungler (which is more the fault of Meteos than his own).
Why do you keep letting Quas get Hecarim?
I mean Quas has had nothing but great carry games on Hecarim this split. Why ban Rek'sai over Hecarim? Dom literally plays *every jungler in the game*
I mean, we got the offscreen Quas triple kill while Piglet ran away from XWX.
Answers is great, but I'll always like Good King Moggle Mog. I don't even know why...
Alright, let's take a champion who has a defined strength/weakness pattern and make him have less weakness. He's already a very safe champion to farm with in the mid game (little less safe early) and has a point-and-click suppression (the strongest non-displacement CC). You may think it wouldn't make him hard to deal with, but, due to slow the way slows are coded, a 90% slow wouldn't actually make his MS 1/10 of its actual number because of weird math involving softcaps. He would still be able to move at about the rate of someone withered AND exhausted, which is very slow but he gets to keep his target locked down and taking damage during its duration. His weakness is that he is easily dealt with by a team, but if he can avoid CC in a fight, his target dies without being able to react. It's the reason they nerfed Red smite in regards to Warwick... he could literally 75% an ADC with one ability that made them unable to move for a few seconds. Not every mage needs to be able to move/cast things, especially when it makes no sense for them to do so.
Ahh the ***********s. The universal language of salt.
Because I can still have fun in a lost cause game. I can make them waste their time more than I waste my own. I go into a game expecting it to take a while. If they want a ff20 game, I make damn sure that game goes for 40+ mins. I won't play another game most likely, anyway.
A good Volibear counter is also a functioning right mouse button. He is one of the most notoriously kitable champions in the game. His "gapcloser" times out fairly quickly, his only slow is melee range and his catch is also melee range. That's not to say he can't get onto a target and flip them, but usually it involves people already out of position and without flash.
I've always seen Q max since they made the armor shred increase per level. E max is outdated as I recall.
I'm not alone in thinking Vlad is a toxic champion, right? What is the counterplay to him that isn't "Ignite and shut down before level 9"?
So does Enochian refresh on Bliz 4 or Fire 4 cast? If it does, BLM rotation is just replacing Fire 4 for Fire, isn't it? And Sharpcast's best use will be for Thunder, won't it?
Lower potencies nearly across the board. Insta-cast CD makes heals do less. Mana costs are lower compared to WHM, but WHM gets free procs while AST gets quick procs. The think I'm a little ticked off about is that Diurnal Aspected Benefic doesn't seem incredibly useful. I may be undervaluing the regen potency, but it does half of a normal Benefic.
In your specific example, Salty Dog isn't played because its health is very low for its mana. The general rule is that you want more health than attack (but a decent amount of attack is necessary, which is why things like Mogu'shan Warden are bad), allowing the card to, most likely, trade with 2 cards. For example, say your opponent has a Kirin'tor Mage and some 3/2 out. Your yeti can kill either without dying, while your Tallstrider (5/4 for 4) dies to the 4/3. Specifically talking about BGH... it's so bad to get a card of yours killed by BGH. BGH has an effect that is only given by a FIVE MANA class card or a one mana + 2 cards class card. It also develops a 4/2, which is a low quality minion that can trade up with some 4 drops. The card can represent a swing in tempo (basically, the effectiveness of your mana use) of whatever the cost of your card is plus its own 3 mana body. Having BGH hit Salty Dog is one of those "Well that's not too bad" outcomes, because it's *only* an 8 mana swing. When you get to higher cost cards (like, god forbid, Deathwing), your opponent can literally negate your entire turn while only playing down 3 mana on their own.
And the best part is that the priest was probably thinking "Well, fuck... I'm stuck with this in my starting hand for 10 turns"
Can we just put Roccat out of their misery? This team is nothing like the team that got into the LCS. They don't pull out the interesting picks. They don't do anything aggressive, despite having one of the most aggressive junglers in EU. Vander can't make any plays anymore. I'm firmly in the "Nukeduck is not that bad" camp, but he's neither interesting to watch or helping to carry his team. At least Overpow was *interesting*.
I think you'll get more people against you about the excitement... I don't think anyone but the hardcore USA! USA! (read: idiots) fans think that NA is better than EU skill-wise, but a lot of people find the constant throw-fests entertaining.
How can you *hate* Mundo? *thunk* *thunk* *thunk* *groan* *thunk*
Not personally my thing. I try to watch Oddone's stream, but *holy fuck* is it painful. I swear he has the attitude of a typical soloqueue player but like 10x the skill. The only salt stream I will watch is Reynad in HS, but even that's mostly because of the bizarre shit that happens on HS streams occasionally.
2 months of out of game time for me = 9 days of logged in time.
Even if that were the case (don't think it is because Lux laser is an instant pulse while Ashe ult is a slow moving projectile), would Ashe flash to try to throw out the trick shot ult while being far too far away to follow up herself? Without it even guaranteeing a hit?
My two main champs lately have been Annie and Ekko. I can almost guarantee I could call at least two champs people would pick for me.
Xpecial is up there as well. He was always solid with TSM, but only reason I wouldn't automatically put him as at least top 2 is the fact that I don't know how much of their success is him and how much is Piglet.
It's not possible to appease both parties, unless you do EU before noon EST on Sat/Sun and NA afternoon EST. If you do a Thurs/Fri and Sat/Sun thing, you're always going to either catch EU people too late or NA people too early on Thurs/Fri. They *could* try something like Thurs/Sat and Fri/Sun for EU/NA. That would allow NA people to at least catch *one* day of the EU LCS, but that hurts the people who are going to the LCS matches (ie the paying customers) in the end and doesn't really solve the whole problem.
Some spells have longer wind-up times than others. I've yet to see actual evidence of Sej ult-flash being a thing and I don't trust Dom as a source of info... not because he's bad (I actually think he's a top jungler in the west), but because he is a troll. You're telling me that you think you can throw an Ezreal Q, flash and the Q will follow your flash? No, skillshots do not work like that for them. Ashe's ult is a very low wind-up, like Ezreal Q or Nid spears.
I don't think that it's *possible* to flash during the windup of those abilities is my point. I think you are either locked in place or the amount of serverside latency is too much to flash during the windup of the ability.
They played fairly well actually... then were like "We're winning so let's fuck around and fountain dive and shit"
Well, he's playing a Dark K"night" and the night is dark.
Hecarim is a disgusting champion. Why is he not being nerfed?
C9 just doesn't have damage. Bruiser Fizz isn't a teamfighter. Tank Ekko does no damage. Sivir is lower end damage for ADCs. Basically, their damage is 50% Azir, 35% Sivir, 10% Fizz and 5% Ekko... and Ashe+Kog'maw probably do more damage than the entire team combined.
Uh... I'm not even sure how that happened, but alright.
I was originally a BLM. I didn't really get too far (few halfhearted attempts at T9), but I wanted to try to heal. I got my Conjurer to like 17 and felt like that was not for me, so I started with my SCH. I didn't get to 50, but I wasn't the biggest fan. I started with AST once the expansion hit and I love it. I kinda wish the damage were slightly better (though I just got Gravity), but it's nice to actually heal with thought and not just let Eos sit there healing for you.
Easiest to hardest, based on my own observations as a healer... PLD&gt;WAR&gt;DRK Paladin is the typical "Wall" tank. They keep things on them and generally take fairly low damage. They also do very little damage themselves. Their cooldowns are icing on the cake, in non-raid settings usually, but they are the most durable. Before Dark Knights, Warriors were the DPS tank. Now, they're more of a happy middle ground. They don't do as much damage as a Dark Knight, but they don't take as much damage either. They aren't as durable as a Paladin, but they deal more damage. Warriors excel at AOE threat and self sustain. Warriors **will** take damage, but they have tools to bring themselves back up. You need to understand your cooldowns fairly well to play a Warrior, but can survive using them improperly. Dark Knights... oh Dark Knights. I loathe seeing them in DF right now, even as I get closer to 60. A Dark Knight will have a lot of the strengths of Warriors, but even stronger. Their AOE pulling is exceptional. They basically get a combination Flash (Paladin's aoe aggro... does 0 damage)/Overpower (Warrior's cone aggro... does damage in cone), where it will surround them like Flash but do damage like Overpower. Dark Knights need to manage so many things at once and if you let anything slip up... well you better hope your healer has some superpower heals coming your way. It's not uncommon for me to need to spam Benefic 2 and use Essential Dignity on CD on a Dark Knight for the majority of a run's trash. DRKs need to know precisely what they are doing at all times or they will get shredded about as fast as a Dragoon or Ninja.
Story is the big thing here. WoW has next to zero story to guide you... you just run zone to zone and collect things for people. In this game, your story will have you kill a literal embodiment of a god *within the first 15 hours of playtime*. There's no "hybrid" classes (except Arcanist, but even they can't effectively heal as a DPS or DPS as a heal). Healers are expected to DPS (and given tools to effectively do so) during lower periods of damage in order to kill things faster (which, in some cases, is necessary to kill things at all). All 3 tank classes feel unique enough, but can do everything effectively. Paladin's strength is survival while their weakness is damage. Warrior's strength is aggro while their weakness is survival. Dark Knight's strength is damage while their weakness is survival as well. Warriors are probably the most well-rounded of the tanks, while Paladins are the most simple and forgiving. Overall, "raiding" is much easier to pick up and leave than WoW. You don't have to wait an hour between bosses killing meaningless henchmen. I know very little about PvP in this game. I would suggest that you find a FC. It can be a little tough to find at first, but look for one with many ACTIVE players. I'm not sure what world you're on, but I happened to luck into an invite to a very active FC on Brynhildr within a day.
Oh, definitely. Warcraft is really lore intense, but lately they've made the lore in WoW "Oh this happened in this book (which you can buy on our website for the low, low price of $11.95!) and therefore we aren't going to tell you what happened to make the Warchief go back in time."
I thought they'd be fine. I didn't expect UOL or H2K to play well. I expected a dropoff for SK. I knew EL would fuck up. Figured they'd probably fight for top 3. People who outright said they would be terrible seriously underestimate Korean players that aren't on SKT. Sometimes I swear someone like Dade or Imp could come to either LCS and people would be like "They aren't on SKT so therefore shit." The one saying that Reignover would be bad because he was on a low-mid tier Korean team is just hilariously terrible.
Because people dismiss players with "Well they aren't on top Korean teams, so they MUST be shit." Even if they are only low to mid-tier players in the Korean scene (which I honestly don't think anymore... Reignover and Huni would probably be among the top half in Korea at their roles), just because they are Korean doesn't make them inferior to EU/NA talent. And why was Huni considered "bad" for being a soloqueue player? Isn't the new "bestest mid laner ever" a soloqueue prodigy with no competitive experience? At least Huni had immediate impact.
That's my situation every time I draft Deathwing... except it's turn 9.
