I'm not sure how I put social awkwardness and professional misery on a plate. But I'm sure it will involve mashed potatoes.
Sorry, should have been more clear. I didn't mean the citizen voters, I meant votes in the Senate and House. Which are clearly run by lobbyists as you mentioned. How we have legal bribes is beyond me.
This seems like weak SAS. He/she doesn't assume that the world knows anything about American films or actors. If he/she said, "why doesn't the rest of the world have a Hollywood like we do" that might be more SAS. This looks like general curiosity.
California has about [2 million illegal]( http://www.ppic.org/main/publication_show.asp?i=818) immigrants. And Norway has about 5 million people. It not really that far off.
&gt;The sad fact is probably that these people have absolutely nothing to be proud of in their daily lives Wow. That's quite the assessment.
What are you even talking about?
Good work Internet detective! Quick, grab your calculator, get in the pedantic-mobile and head over to r/theydidthemath because someone forgot to carry the 1.
I don't think sports leagues in general are a good source of national ability. The Premier Leagues success doesn't equate to English dominance in the World Cup. US does pretty well in International Hockey.
The dude was clearly pulling numbers out of his ass since he said California PROBABLY has more illegals than Norway has people. From a guestimate point of he wasn't far off. Which apparently is hilarious according to OP; who obviously missed the bigger point that we have a lot of illegal immigrants in California.
Apparently [Mexicans](http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michelada). I see billboards for Clamato and [Bud Light]( http://www.budlight.com/our-beers/chelada.html) in San Diego all the time. Makes me want to vomit.
C'mon do your homework. He's Canadian.
[Harry Potter](http://harrypotter.wikia.com/wiki/Ordinary_Wizarding_Level)
What the hell is a bro-j? Am I that out of touch? Sounds naughty.
My brother loves them. But he also lives out in the woods by himself.
Ah, OK. Yeah. Definitely was a brass monkey fan back in the day. Never did it with a regular beer. Of course we used to drink the 64 ounce bottles of OE back when they made them. It hard to convince my wife to get some 40s and OJ for a relaxing Friday night of bad life choices.
I don't know, Norwegians eat [lutefisk](http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lutefisk) and that is not OK in my books. But I'm willing to try anything once.
I'm naming my next dog Mr Jefferson.
&gt;Let's see who protests first. NATO countries or the US military industrial complex. I remember in the 90s the US wanted to close a base in Germany and was met with local resistance. Had nothing to do with security but more with dollars. I tried googling it but [only found this one from 2012](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/german-town-fears-loss-of-us-army-base/2012/03/23/gIQAoNzzeS_story.html) The real question is why isn't Europe kicking the US out? France did it in the 60s I think. I wish we would close all our overseas bases.
I had some issues with a older version and I was just looking to try it again for my new job. We are all windows though. I found mouse without borders to be super clean for windows (made by MS). But obviously won't work on Linux.
You shouldn't ask "is there anything I can do". You should just volunteer to do something, otherwise you are making the already grieving person find you a task. Doesn't have to be big, pick their mail up, walk the dog, buy them lunch, etc.
The only SAS is the "How many dollars is a beer"... Otherwise he's just asking questions. He didn't assume people were going to speak English... He's asking about Internet service at a music festival, which doesn't seem odd. A lot of music festivals in the US are out in the middle of nowhere. Bonnaroo apparently provides a tower, but can get bogged down, the Gorge at George is literally in the desert, but spotty coverage for most carriers, Red Rocks and Coachella apparently are sketchy at best. He's not asking if Europe has coverage, he's asking if there is going to be coverage at the event. Which honestly, I have never heard of Tomorrowland, so no clue if it's in a urban area or out in the sticks. Seems like a legit question. But has SAS turned into "Anytime an American asks about Europe they must be an idiot" sub? It's not like he's going on and on about how Awesome the USA is.
What am I missing here? Honest question...(sorry for the wikipedia links) [Belgium has 3 official languages](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Languages_of_Belgium) And Tomorrowland is in [Boom, which is in the Flemish Region, with the official language being Dutch](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flemish_Region)
Yeah just read about the population density there. That's pretty impressive.
Why would you watch on your phone?
&gt;girls cock around your mouth? ...so in Thailand?
Speed metal and folk. Maybe the Carpenters during the happy times.
Well I wear a cape to work. But that's just because it matches my batman lunch box.
[Montezuma's Revenge](http://gomexico.about.com/od/healthandsafety/ht/montezu_revenge.htm) from Mexico feeds the fear. Everyone in the US knows someone who's gotten sick visiting Mexico. But I've been told by locals not to drink the tap water in Naples and South Korea.
Adults? Maybe teens and college students. Adults dressed up as their favorite super hero is not common at all and would be considered weird.
The entire system here is fucked up. And everyone admits it but refuses to fix it. For my sons birth we saw the cost breakdown: 86k for the birth and another 50k for the child "birth" services, "negotiated" down to 9k and 4k respectively. And we had a total of 250 in copay (which wasn't bad in my opinion). I just had a cyst removed and was talking to the surgeon about it and he admitted the paperwork was all for show to make you feel you got a good deal. The entire fee structure is already prenegotiated and completely hidden from the consumer.
C-section. Which is a major surgery. But still outrageous. Not that anyone actually paid that amount.
Greed and planned inefficiency rules the land.
Sorry, I'm in the middle of work proposal hell. Got caught up. Patient. He didn't use consumer.
Copays are supposed to limit abuse: people going to the ER for headaches. Usually waived if you're admitted.
What about the dude mentioning Australia. How come no hate for him?
&gt;Doesn't happen to the same degree, now does it ? No clue. I guess I could figure out a way to look for word references across all subreddits and then figure out user nationality, and then do some calculations based on population. Or not. I don't get annoyed when others bring up their local point of view during conversation but I can see how the one-upper side of things can get annoying. My colleague sitting next to me keeps telling me about his last job, but he's trying to relate. But I do keep talking shit to him about it. Something something on mobile can't type coherent sentences.
Slang for giving someone a hard time.
I can't hear what you're typing. Can you type louder?
Why would it matter what nationality you are?
Its amazing how few people in general don't understand free speech. This sub in particular can get spun up on it. Some American will get on their high horse about their first amendment rights, and then someone else will get on their high horse about how people will get punished in the court of public opinion for exercising that right (Dixie Chicks) and say "Well how free is your speech of you can't really speak your mind". Which really isn't the point. Its as you said, the government won't limit / punish you for it (exceptions of course as not all speech is free), but people might. Reddit isn't breaking the law, and if their decision annoys people those people are free to go elsewhere. Its really simple.
I still laugh when people say balls. I'm 38. Did it in a meeting today.
&gt;My favourites: &gt;* After we said Switzerland, one of them said 'it is totally her favourite country'. I looked at her and asked where it is located in Europe or which countries it is closest to. /shitassholessay You interrupted a conversation to grill someone on geography? What an arrogant thing to do. &gt;* Anyway, having my fair share of knowledge about MDMA Oh...neat story &gt;* A guy got angry at me at the Interpid museum in New York (that famous aircraft carrier) for not paying proper respect by saluting the... /thathappened This story wreaks of bullshit. Not even the most rabid patriot will require a salute.
&gt;I asked where her 'favourite country' is located because after all if that’s true, she should know that. Is this how you make friends? Why would you do this, unless you're trying to be a jerk? &gt;He was an old guy from the southern states, I assume because he wore a cowboy hat. Maybe he just searched for a reason to shit on Europeans, I don't know. There's more to the story you're leaving out. I worked for the military for 15 years (was not in the military) and saluting has very strict etiquette: civilians don't salute ever (you would get a lecture for doing it, especially on base), there is a proper form. Doing it wrong is more insulting than not doing it. And some old dude from the south is going to have a hard on for military tradition and would know this. (Although cowboy hat implies Texas or Oklahoma or more Midwest farming state versus the south). I'm willing to bet you were mocking the USA or the military or something or pretending to salute and got caught. And some old crotchety dude lectured you on it. These old military types haunt these museum ships and can get their feathers rustled easily.
I don't challenge people I just met on geography after they just told me they like my country. I can just imagine the conversation. "Hey man! I love the USA!" "Oh really? Do you even know where it is on a map? Fucking ignorant European." See how that sounds?
&gt;It seems like a very 'murican thing to think there's a right and wrong way though, and of course that their way is the only right way It's not just [Americans](http://np.reddit.com/r/EliteDangerous/comments/39o7dn/cid_meier_might_have_something_to_say_about_the/cs52p9x).
&gt;You don't have to act like the tough internet warrior in defence of your countrymen. I wouldn't defend dick-ish behaviour of my fellow countrymen either. I just have a low sensitivity to bullshit. I read this sub because I, too, find some shit Americans say funny. I live it over here. It gets cringy at times. I don't defend the idiots, they are free to hang themselves on the rope of public opinion. Which some do frequently and without shame. I do have issues with people calling out Americans for shit that everyone else seems to do as well, though. &gt;So anyway, if I insulted you somehow anyway, I’m sorry okay. Not insulted in any way shape or form. But enjoy arguing and I don't mind being wrong. In fact I like being wrong because then I learned something. . &gt;...can we hug now? Of course. I give great hugs. I'm 6-3 and cuddly. I'd probably buy you a beer if you came to San Diego.
&gt;But the U.S. is more diverse because black people. I don't think even our most racist of Americans claim that. They claim diversity because of ALL the immigrants. Not that I'm trying to say we lead the world in diversity. But I don't think I've ever heard Americans claim diversity just because of black people.
My wife and I went to Italy. I arranged all the hotels and let them know we were on our honeymoon. We got some room upgrades and usually a gift basket with wine and snacks. I'm sure other places in the world do it.
I was having arm pain for years and he couldn't figure out why. Finally diagnosed me with phantom limb syndrome (when amputees feel pain in an amputated limb). Problem is I had my arm. His intern helped me out one day when he was too busy to see me, with the correct diagnosis (thoracic outlet syndrome).
It was fantastic. And the fact that everyone else in line was smiling and she saw it really was the best part.
[It's a carry-all](https://youtu.be/8iawDvGfDBc)
Actually the ones I know are prepping for the collapse of society that will happen any day now. When other countries fail its shitty but people eventually work it out. When the US fails it will be World War Z meets Somalia. Complete chaos. If you venture not to deep into doomsday forums they talk about which guns to get not for stopping power but ammo availability; what can you get off dead cops and empty police stations.
Yeah, I would say most of the people that I know that have guns are worried about it. I worked in the defense industry for many years, so I expected that element to be fairly common place, but I recently left the industry and I was surprised it wasn't any different outside of DoD. My two coworkers who sit on either side of me at work were talking over me about their guns and the need to be prepared. I asked them if they were really concerned about massive rioting and looting and they looked at me as if I was the crazy one. The thing is is that these aren't otherwise crazy looking people. they don't dress in fatigues or are they poorly educated or super religious. Otherwise normal people with a fear of the collapse. Growing up in the PacNW of the States people had guns more for the hunting aspects. Here in San Diego, no one hunts.
Well every country has their quirks. Ours is massive paranoia (and sugar) fueled by sensationalizing the "news". Every other story is about something that is going to kill us. Stranger danger.
Climate change and evolution. There is a creationist museum down the street from my house (ok, its about 10 miles). I don't understand how people can't accept either.
My dad hid it for years...and then suddenly right around my 2nd year of college his alcoholism took a bad turn. He was now drunk around everyone all the time. I was the baby of the family so he didn't really screw us kids up too bad (except one brother). But looking back you can see that weirdness of his behavior. He was very antisocial, always had an excuse as to why he couldn't attend a function. Never interacted with my friends parents. Never went on vacation with us. When he started to get bad, we eventually found out he had a crack addiction, too. He was spending something along of the lines of 20k a year on crack and alcohol. He lost his company, went to rehab twice, and then made some bad life choices while apparently sober. This led to a falling out with my brother, and then my father bought a gun and ended his life on the side of the road in a grungy part of town. About 2 days before my birthday. So, I have no relationship with him, don't miss him, don't hate him. My mom is severely screwed up over the whole thing, and my oldest brother can't let it go.
No. You drink it when your goal is to drink a lot of beer. Not enjoy it.
They have fewer calories and weak in taste. Doesn't fill you up. It would make more sense to drink a higher alcohol content beer but then you couldn't brag about drinking 12 beers. Or if you're planning on drinking all day long a heavier beer would knock you out fast.
No, it is slightly less alcohol (4.2 versus 5%) but fewer calories and carbs. We do have light beer that is light on both alcohol and calories.
While both are theories they are certainly not opinions. There are enough facts supporting both of them, and facts are not opinions.
It's to prevent [this](http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-XQRow41nGtw/UAMxSTz3HcI/AAAAAAAAAW0/463fT4Edan8/s1600/sweaty+shirt.jpg). I wear a v-neck if not wearing a tie so the neck line isn't showing. But it protects the shirt. You don't wear a belt khakis? Not wearing a belt with pants looks silly. Who does that?
Yeah. Apparently only Americans wear them?
Shirt tucked into khakis without a belt?
I've been in plenty of meetings where the presenter is sweating through their clothes. Problem solved with an undershirt.
When I was 24 I started sleeping with my 45 year old coworker. It was fantastic. Plus, my mom is almost 70.
&gt;The Americans lost every battle when it was just the militias and former British officers fighting the British. Your history isn't quite [right]( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_American_Revolutionary_War_battles). Trenton re-energized the rebels, while Saratoga a year later got the French convinced that the rebels could win.
&gt;The US has never got over probation. I know! I'm still mad at my mom for that. We also haven't gotten over prohibition either.
[Here you go learn something](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_and_British_English_spelling_differences)
The guy apparently is Portuguese and English isn't his native language. Has an odd fascination with the USA though.
American English is based off British English before British English was standardized. Also some French aspects thrown in for fun.
I honestly don't know what I'm missing. It's an article about odd things about America which are brought up all the time in this sub: we're "friendly", we tip, don't use metric, large portions, " huge" country. I don't see the "rest of the world is one culture" commentary.
Pizza is such a funny thing and, for whatever reason, will probably be the start of the next war. And people have such misconceptions of it. I used to work with a girl here in San Diego whose parents moved from Naples and the father has made a living making Pizzas in New Jersey (where she grew up). She "knew" pizza. So one day I took her to a place in town that specializes in Neapolitan style pizza and she looked at in in disgust. This just wasn't pizza, real Neapolitan pizza is 18 inches across, covered in cheese, pepperoni, etc. I told her that that would be NY style. Pizza in Italy was much different. She wouldn't have it. Her dad was Italian, and that's just the way it is. So I took her a while later to a NY style place in town, and yeah, this place was authentic. It was the real deal. Made by real Italians. (Or fake New Yorkers complete with shitty attitude). Around this sub " American " style is Papa Johns or Dominos or some other abomination of pizza. It's just sad that is what is considered "American" and I, too, would doubt Americans ability to build a good pizza if that was the representative example. I don't agree that the only good pizza is authentic Italian (authentic Neapolitan if you want to get specific). Look at wine, it didn't originate in Italy or France, but would anyone doubt that either produce some of the best wine in the world? Not that I'm saying the USA produces the best pizza, that's just crazy talk. But I am saying that the point of origin doesn't suddenly make it the best in the world. And who considers or decides this? If you grew up eating a dish made a certain way thats just what your preference becomes. Doesn't make anything better or worse. Italians think our pizza is crap, and why wouldn't they? Some Americans think real authentic Neapolitan style pizza is crap, of course they would, they've never had it made that way. But at the end of the day, it becomes pointless to argue over who is right because you might as well be arguing over what color is best or which number or what car.
Well to tell a family secret, I think pizza diavola is the best pizza in the world. And I will fight anyone who says otherwise.
Coalition built. Now to get the rest of the pizza heretics.
I was going to reply back with simply "I wish Americans said 'I love science, forward leaning politics, and human compassion' but then I read the article. Now I wish more people Americans shared his viewpoint that the Confederate flag represents evil and backwards thinking. I wish that was SAS.
Woooooosh
I was somewhere in the South with some coworkers and we came across a Jefferson Davis statue and I made a snarky comment about where the Timothy McVeigh statue was. I was asked why and I said, oh, I thought we were celebrating Americans who killed other Americans because they didn't like the government. I didn't make many friends on that trip.
Some of my best friends are 3000 miles away. Email and phone work wonders.
Found the western Washingtonian. And not the peninsula type either.
Do you pronounce bag like beg? True sign of a I-5 corridorian.
"North American 110-120 volt electricity is generated at 60 Hz (cycles). Most international 220-240 volt electricity is generated at 50 Hz (cycles). This difference in cycles may cause the motor in your 60 Hz North American appliance to operate slightly slower when used on 50 Hz."
We call India and Pakistan 'Asia' in the States. This guy is just uneducated.
I didn't realize I had one until I moved to California. [Good times](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/?title=Pacific_Northwest_English)
True. I'm hoping that the Americans that make these claims are 12 but sadly I know I'm wrong.
&gt;Clearly says in the title "for AU" i.e. Australia. Funnily enough, we actually have Kindles here. Well its a bit of a stretch to assume lack of kindles in Australia based upon the ignorance of what 'AU' stands for. Although, fuck it, I'm too jaded at this point, I'm sure there are plenty of Americans who think Australia lacks electricity and running water.
Yeah I wish there was better policing of reviews on amazon. Reviews that state that the shipper destroyed the box somehow translates to a bad product annoys me.
&gt;Incidentally talking of rights, do Puerto Ricans have the right to vote for the President? Nope.
This is really r/shitmormonssay. Those crazy bastards. You know, talking lizards and plural marriages and all that crap. Nice people. Just a little crazy.
&gt;So when it comes to the Constitution, does that refer to the Puerto Rican Constitution or the US Constitution? Looks like the US Constitution was violated. &gt;I'm guessing the Constitution of Puerto Rico must play send-fiddle to that of the US. Yeah, US Constitution trumps all.
Except for the fact he was chased out of the east coast and hunted down by the military.
I don't think Joseph Smith had any link to manifest destiny. He never even made it out to Utah. To be quite honest he really isn't studied by anyone except Mormons. The history of that church is certainly a unique American quirk. Utah in general is a bit of a freak show in my opinion, the church runs that state. All I really know about mormons (and I lived with a Mormon family for a while) is that they don't drink caffeine or alcohol, don't swear, are preparing for doomsday, super over the top nice, and wear holy undergarments.
I'm wearing some right now. Only place that seems to fit me.
I have never heard of netball. It looks like basketball without a backboard and no one plays defense.
&gt; People will gobble down a hot dog not even knowing what is REALLY in it. Hoof and beak
I've been with a couple of not very smart women. Well, you could also make the argument that a smart women wouldn't want to be with me.
Don't cut in line.
Yes. Never saw the point of gun control. Then my father offed himself after a fight with my brother. Bought a gun, waited the 7 days, and then did the deed. Mental health checks mandatory and on a regular basis as part of a more robust licensing scheme should be required.
The US wasn't established for the sole right of slavery. The confederates were in rebellion due to their "right" of owning another person was in jeopardy. While the US has done some terrible things, the establishment of the country was not based upon the same ideals as the confederates.
Have you read [the declaration of causes of secession?](http://www.civilwar.org/education/history/primarysources/declarationofcauses.html). It is literally 'we want slaves'. There is no tyranny in what the Union leadership wanted to end. The South was literally fighting for their right to own human beings. The States Right issue is a red herring to keep people from feeling guilty about the slavery issue and make the war more romantic and just. It was neither.
It's a tad ironic to mock the ignorance of others while at the same time being ignorant of how to correctly use the word "ironic". I would say ignorant of grammar, but I think there's a rule that states when you correct others grammar you're more than likely to have grammatical mistakes of your own. &gt;Castle doctrine in a country lacking a single legitimate castle. We have [Pizza Castle](http://www.pizzacastlect.com). Seems pretty legit to me.
