Its all connected at this point. Jontron, Gamegrumps, Steven Universe, Gravity Falls... Its forming the ulti-fandom RUN FOR YOUR LIVES!
The President: Dang nabbit not on an election year!
Shhhhhhh! Spoilers!
Nope. No humens allowed.
They started by destroying our greatest superhero... Florida Man.
I'm wondering if it has too to be a living planet. What about Mars or Mercury?
The plot thickens...
Don't worry guys, looks like Hawaii is still safe and sound!
Those are Roses feet you son of a bi- gun.
She may have also forgotten to clear her browser history, but that's a story for another day...
Almost every Telltale game ever.
If I am remembering right one of the plans in Invader Zim involved hollowing out the earth...
Hmmm. Giraffe mom still takes it.
Definitely. Whether its Star Wars or some other fictional universe its always good to know that there is something familiar to go back to every once and awhile. Poor Lucas. His hearts always been in the right place.
Uncanny Valley effect. Even as a kid, Jar-Jar and Grievous just made me feel... weird. The final fight between Grievous and Obi-Wan in particular makes me feel wierd...
Never.
Ugh, it's called Life Day throughout the rest of the galaxy. Get it right, geeze.
They're like Pokemon. BIRDMOM I CHOOSE YOUUUUU!!!
That makes a lot of sense actually... I don't think she ever specifically says she made it, just that everything there was super advanced.
CHAAAAPPPSSS, NO!
So far I get the feeling that Pearls are more like Butlers or personal assistants rather than indentured servants or slaves. I was pretty surprised to see how much personality Yellow Pearl had and I imagine she may have a lot of pride in her role as Yellow Diamonds servant and confidant. Just because you're someone's servant doesn't automatically mean your life is miserable. Butler and personal assistant are high paying career paths for a reason. On that note, Pearl took her service to the next level by taking up arms for Rose like a knight or a samurai. Hmm... Now if I could only tie in Lil'Butler....
Hot damn. I've seen a ton people take the OPM theme and put it over a new background, but yours is handily the best. Kudos man.
I think it's implied that gems have some sort of religion, because of the moon goddess statue and all that business. From looking at it, it seems to be humanoid and is *holding* a gem, rather than having one on its body. I've always had an inkling that the lunar sea spire might have some significance we haven't heard about, or not, who knows. It's also worth noting that MAGIC exists in this universe so literally anything is possible. Maybe they were created by the Sneeple or some other extra-dimensional beings...
Isn't this also the temple where some kind of battle between Rose Quartz and White Diamond is depicted? The statue may be allusion to that or maybe it's all an elaborate tomb? Also, what was their reason for going there again? I can't remember...
I kinda miss the "monster of the week" format they used to have. I mean, the plot-heavy arcs are awesome, but I'm not a fan of the "impending doom" style of motivation to move the plot forward. A little more focus on the alternate timeline human culture would be cool too. I'm really curious about this Empire City... and Ocean town... Keystone Caverns...
Hmmmm. I see what you mean. When I think about it the reason I liked that format it was because I was rewatching it after I had seen the newer episodes. There are so many clues and such in the old episodes that you really start to appreciate when you see the newer ones. For example, you can see Connie's glow bracelet in "Gem Glow," but you wouldn't understand its significance until "Bubble Buddies." The Shooting Star in "Monster Buddies" is used to blow up the galaxy warp in "Winter Forecast." Or the murals we see in "Serious Steven" that become much more significant as the story goes on and we learn about the rebellion. Basically, I like that there are a lot of seemingly trivial things we see in the background of the earlier episodes that turn out to be super important in the later episodes. I miss the feeling of revelation I guess.
Yeah, but when you look at the mural in the moon base you can speculate on which it could be. We know which is Yellow Diamond and Blue Diamond because we've seen them. We can assume that the other one we've seen, the one that is white with spiky hair, is White Diamond, which would then match the one from the Pyramid Temple.
I dunno, I feel like they nailed the neck too.
Dragon Warrior
They don't contribute at all to the main story if that's what you're wondering. Still good reads though. I love the art and it takes me back to when I was younger and used to read all my dad's old comic books. There's not a lot of plot, just the characters from the show in cute/funny situations.
If I remember correctly Blizz wanted to put them in during BC, but decided it was too soon for a new class and waited until WOTLK to give it a try with Death Knights.
Well, from a storytelling standpoint it seems like a convenient way to make Thrall less of an all powerful Mary-Sue character. As for the logical reason, I feel like we don't have enough context. Maybe they're trying to tell Thrall that Garrosh wasn't his fault or that Thrall shouldn't rely so much on their power. Maybe he's just out of mana.
He's out of mana.
Get to at least level 60 and pick up two professions. You'll learn to play, commit to the class you want, and get the one of the better leveling experience. 1-60 is pretty fun, but 70-85 is a bit of a slog. 85-90 is pretty good and 90-100 is probably the best overall.
It's obviously satanic and occult imagery designed to brainwash our society's children to be godless pagan heretics that worship witchcraft and superstition. [I mean come on guys.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oQ0sZ2Or9oc) *Heavy sarcasm* Just in case.
The Lich King also has personal beef with Kil'Jaeden because they created him through some messed up methods and then tried to enslave him.
We're all just pawns to The Lich King's ultimate plans, however, convoluted or long term they may be. I see The Lich King as an entity that is separate from Ner'Zhul, Arthas and Bolvar, maybe like a melding of all their different personalities, with Ner'Zhuls being them most dominant. Bolvar might be keeping him in check for now, but I feel like its a battle that will ultimately be lost. To sum it up, I think that's The Lich King talking, not Bolvar.
I could see them coming back when Legion forces invade old zones. I mean, what else would they do? Drop armies of level 110 demons into a level 30 zone that is supposed to take place 5 years ago?
I mean, I'm pretty sure hair doesn't ripple like that. Also, gem clothes are part of their bodies so wouldn't it technically be her hair anyway?
Like is a relative term. I mean I like Jasper because I like villains more than heroes a lot of the time and from what I've seen of Jasper she's one of my favorite character. That might change as soon as she get more than about 5 minutes of screen time but that's the thing. I don't really like Lapis because she's only been bitter and miserable so far, but that might immediately change as soon as she's back, who knows.
You missed the pearlgasm from Stronger Then You.
I think the conversation Garnet and Pearl had when they were about to be smushed is pretty telling. Even though she is independent by Pearl standards she's still more of the take order type rather than the give order type.
Twist, its Mr. Smiley.
*sigh* Yup, that must be what I sound like when I talk about MY [favorite musician](https://twitter.com/AurelioVoltaire?ref_src=twsrc%5Egoogle%7Ctwcamp%5Eserp%7Ctwgr%5Eauthor)...
The best *God of War clone* that was actually a complex fantasy RPG strategy, where Jack Black voices a Jack Black who wishes he was as cool as Jack Black.
Judging by the way people look at me when I try to explain who he is we must be some kind of race proto-hipster abominations. Glad to hear someone else who knows who he is though. Actually kinda made my day.
Wow. Pearls regeneration was far more drastic than I realized.
I have a 13 year old sister who claims she hates the show. Yet whenever I come home from college all the episodes I have recorded on the DVR are on the credits. Truly a mystery.
Literally super saiyen.
Ducklord#1570 (Alliance) Need Pandaren I have: a gnome, nelf and human.
Super Saiyan.
Two things. We need someone to put together a gallery of these. I hope this trend continues.
I saw a bunch of these marked down at a failing mall bookstore once. There are few things I regret as much as I regret not buying them all.
Eh, the college she went too was pretty racist too. It's more like she went on a study abroad trip and came back as a self righteous activist.
Get 3 P/P Nexus Whelps. Then everything = dead
True, what I'm trying to say is its a team that everyone should have, since it can obliterate most things in the game.
Why not both?
It's a cult! A *genestealer* cult! While we're at it lets make sure the earth isn't a tomb world!
I mean, the episode where he finds the tape was kinda like him meeting her. She never got to meet him, but at least he got to see what she was like other than just seeing pictures of her.
I think you'll find that electricity comes in a variety of colors.
Interestingly enough some snakes will occasionally be born with vestigial arms or legs. Check and mate nerds.
Creative liberties aside, very nice work.
And yet Teen Titans GO! Is a thing and incredibly popular. Still I feel like the ratio has gotten better. And anything is better than that reality TV phase CN went through... Dark times... Couldn't be more stoked for the new Samurai Jack though. That was a masterpiece that deserves a proper conclusion.
It's Lapis. A conveniant cameo that lets us know a little more about her.
When Amethyst turned into Rose...
I think there's also a photo of a young version of him in Onions house.
COME ON AND SLAM!
The fire keeper reminded me of original timeless isle where you basically had a third faction running around killing people. Then they ruined it with an item that let you transform without being part of the third faction. : /
What are you talking about? Timeless Isle was only for max level players, meaning everyone would have been the same level. Thats what made it interesting because you could only earn the bloody coins on the Timeless isle. Then they ruined it by making an item that let you get bloody coins anywhere in the game and let you stay allied with your faction.
Robert Moran, the creator of this and Unforgotten Realms is actually still pretty active on YouTube and Twitch. He is doing some really cool live tabletop roleplaying streams where you can donate to start events and such. He also made a really good mod for Minecraft called Dwarvs Vs. Zombies and is making a few games of his own as well. Check it out: https://www.youtube.com/user/BruceWillakers
I go back to this at least once a year and binge on it for a week. Such nostaglia.
I agree, but I wouldn't put it past *certain* individuals in the Blizzard hierarchy.
Someone obviously doesn't understand how female armor works. The more exposed the higher your AC duh.
I too can eat lemons without flinching. It's a great party trick and a perfect way to freak out new roommates. I don't do it often because it's pretty bad for my teeth and the dentist told me to stop.
Right behind you.
People these days feel like it's the only solid conclusion to a characters is to kill them off. Personally I disagree, killing a character is usually lazy storytelling unless it has some significance to their character. Like a coward sacrificing himself to save his friends or a villain dying because they're arrogant.
I know what you mean, if you know none of the characters are in danger then what's the point? But what I'm saying is killing off a character to end their story is an increasingly common occurrence these days and a lot of the time it is a waste. Especially with villain characters. Too many stories end with "we murdered the big bad guy and his cronies, now everything is happy again." Look at how Avatar: The Last Airbender and Legend of Korra handles things. Those are great examples the main antagonists not just being killed off and often serving roles in later episodes. You have them join the good guys, being imprisoned and reflecting on their crimes, or just changing their ways and moving with their lives. To me it's just more compelling storytelling. The bad guys aren't necessarily just bad guys. They are people with different perspectives. Then again everyone I know says I have too much sympathy for villains. /shrug
YOU TRY WEARING THIS 300 LB. SET OF MALE ARMOR INSTEAD! IT SMELLS LIKE A LOCKER ROOM AND I CAN BARELY SEE OUT OF THIS DAMN HELMET.
Ya know... Pearl said that the place where they got the time thing would reform eventually right? Maybe that means we might see the time thing again as well...
Blizz has never made a game or expansion where they didn't cut something. It's part of the process. Chances are we would just bitch about it for some other reason.
I kinda peaked with guilds when Army of the Blue Wizard was rocking Emerald Dream. No other guild really lived up to the fun I had in that one and most just hardly ever did anything. I don't even join random guilds anymore because the invites are always too impersonal and I come back in a month and everyone's gone.
It's one of the reasons I find the show so satisfying. We don't necessarily have good and evil, we have groups with dramatically different perspectives. Even better we get to see the "villains" start seeing things from a different viewpoint and change their way of thinking.
Who's real name is Jesus.
You monster.
I would say it's the closest equivalent. It's the most intimate two gems can get so draw whatever conclusion you will.
Maybe Diamonds take a real long time to reform and it's like a bacta tank. Or maybe she was shattered. Or maybe the other Diamonds wanted her out of the picture. Or maybe it's an alien entertainment system, at least they aren't playing "computer games." All of these are probably wrong, but if it's right I will gloat soooooo much.
The first time I emerged into Winterspring after bubbling my wAy through that horrid Furbolg den. It was snowing and serene. I took off all my armor and took a break in a hot spring and then farmed firewater for the following week.
I leveled a paladin for the first time since tbc when I heard about the Ashbringer. I usually play a warlock and rogue
People say it's a reference to an episode of Futurama. The one where Bender gets mind wiped and they go to the bureaucrat place to get him back.
Ryuu-ga, Wa-ga-te-ki-wo, Ku-ra-u!
I'm gonna have a word with those fuckers from the wiki.
Fucking mimes man.
Reminds me of my shitty ex roommate that said we couldn't kick her out for smoking pot because she was pregnant.
Vroom!
There's a professor at my university that studies porn. He has an amazing mustache.
I've been playing for about 3 weeks and I use robust much more than ever before.
We'll call it: The Diverging Hunger Maze
Jesus, I'm glad I barely remember anything about being young. I remember going to Disneyland and seeing goofy for the first time, only to freak the fuck out.
Cause, ya know, Star WARS couldn't possibly be a war film.
Congrats, you win the dumpster diver of the year award! My dad is gonna get a kick outa this. He snags stuff at of the trash at work a lot because his work just throws away old stuff when it gets replaced so he's picked up a lot of nice radios, walkie talkies even a couple of slightly worn high quality office chairs. It's nuts what some people throw away. I'm curious how something like that got there though. Maybe it was just in someone's garage for a decade and they just wanted it gone. Shame really.
