The german issue?
I know, but why would that matter whatsoever? No one is would think it's "Windows No" and it would be "Window Neun" anyways for germans.
Hmm. I was hoping I could punch in my w7 CD key into some Win10-o-mat and get out a windows 10 key.
damnit videos like this always make me want to shoot a gun
How dare you ask people to report toxic players! Seriously, /u/riotlyte pls?
huh?
Because seven ate no.
Were done here, this thread is over. You win reddit for the day.
To bad it still links there now, hah
Really? If you see [A] you think "Oh, that must be Austria!". AUT is the proper way to abbreviate Austria.
I find it incredibly easy. Knock. Knock. Who's there? Some guy. Some guy who? Some guy tried to set himself on fire.
Don't remember it for the earlier ones but for GTA 5 it's 4 stars.
http://i.imgur.com/S4hTFRz.jpg?1
You're right, it does make sense.
Don't have to tell me, I was agreeing with your use of AUT instead of just A. I guess the license plate code is right but eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeh
You're an idiot. And you're falsely assuming I'm from the USA. I'm from AUSTRIA. And AUT is standard 3 letter country code for Austria. You're wrong.
All day, mate
Have you guys though about making the frames toggle-able? Honestly I would probably hide them if I could to get more screen space available to the see the game rather than a background for my UI
When you close your eyes and think really hard, do you remember that not everyone is from Europe and even if they were, that just [A] is really not obviously specific enough? An American see's the A tag it means exactly NOTHING to them, but if they actually know 3 letter country codes, AUT does.
Either you've spent enough time in Europe to be used to the A tags or you're full of shit, either way you're still wrong.
&gt;Happy to talk about any flaws the system might have. I tried, never got a response. I've had people call me idiot, bitch, even nigger and we're reported by multiple people, yet none of them we're banned
Alright, I'm done, can we have the mods back?
That is if you assume that everyone gains and losses the exactly same amount of MMR
Mine was betting with my best friend at the time who could eat 4 cheeseburgers faster. He had to wax his legs cause he lost.
Haha, nice
Did they win or?
haha
haha, nice
If anything I'd put the insurgent up there.
"nearly 11 Million"
Sorry but all I read is "I had to pay over $1,000 to actually get a decent amount of viewers" :/
Obviously? It's not much wider than a normal car, and normal cars have plenty of space to spare in there.
Exactly. It's pretty obvious. He knows it too, that's why he does them at random times.
Was about to post it, hah
Now kiss
How can Annie level 1 just run in and spam Q on me in the middle of my minions and I can't do shit back? That would NEVER work if I tried it, but when the bronze idiot on the other team does it, it just works. Edit: She also autoattacked and had full minion aggro.
I just decided that I will play only Twitch jungle until I hit gold ( currently Silver IV ). That is all.
I own both the insurgent and the Pegasus version. It's really not that much wider
It was just so disappointing. I see this guy run into minions and just tank them straight up and I kite away as best as I can and just can just ignore the minions and flash Q ignite me and I die. literally nothing I Could've done but stay under tower, like WTF?
I know it's wider but not extremely.
Busy. And I totally care enough to waste time on this. You wanna disprove it then go take the screenshot yourself.
So on you for making the claim that it's much wider, right?
Except I don't care. Lol
I did the same with my bro's computer. He was not happy.
http://euw.op.gg/summoner/userName=Team%20Builder What can I improve?
You misunderstood his question. He's asking if gromp poison will reset cassio E
http://www.lolking.net/guides/343591 This was literally on front page of this sub yesterday I like playing this build.
I backed off so she flash q ignited.
It was literally the first thing that happened.. ._.
How.. I have self taught myself a decent amount of programming over the last years and I don't know what to do.
take picture of boobs ... take photo of boobs ... show photo of boobs ... show photo of tits ... send photo of tits
Should've saved mine of hunting the zombie.
Doesn't change anything, lol.
Well what about champs like Fizz. I really like being able to E when I need to so sometimes I get an extra 2 doran's rings, since i don't usually build a mana regen item.
Easiest/cheapest way to get a 2nd monitor? I can not stand having only 1 monitor, I guess even a shitty 2nd one would suffice since I'd just wanna put less important stuff on there with the main stuff on my main screen.
I don't know one.
What about running into the back of fountain if you try to walk top? How about things like clicking somewhere you are blocked from now and you continue walking once your path is unblocked? ( as in, you spawn, click on your lane and when the fountain wall goes away at 0:15 you start walking there right away )
Less cringey than you saying the word "cringey"
Saying something is "cringey" is the most cringey thing you can do, IMO
yeah, and its 5:43
it's 5:43
Saying that was so cringey
I liked Dota 2 but the gameplay feels a bit clunky to me compared to league.
Thank you! Tried streaming today but lots of setup issues &gt;.&lt;
I can give some insight. I complained about something similar to my friend, who works in customer service for a game developer, once. He said that when ticket queue's get a high, they simply have a bot that tries to detect the issue and send a premade response or they simply send one out for what is currently the biggest issue. It makes sense, anyone who gets a reply like you isn't really hurt, a CS representative is gonna talk to you either way, and the people who actually got help from the automated response get taken care of.
I've been wondering this too. Have been trying to stream and having a hard time even getting a single viewer. Also often people say "hi" in chat and by the time I see, they have already left.
I gifted 6 random people, do I win?
That sucks dude, there's a reason I simply don't trust people anymore.
My god, the YellOwStaR save at dragon.
I really like fail flashes, aggressive flashes that completely fail, flashing into a wall
Oooh, good one. I'd include things like great reksai/cait/varus/ez Q, etc.
Every 10 seconds a jungler sits in a bush next to a lane, doubled if he is sitting on a ward and doesn't realize.
But what about the "Huni so stupidly op" cirlcejerk?
oh yeah, of course, but that's who you see it do the often. I wish this thread would've gone up higher cause we could've put a fun list togehter.
I would've done it tonight but I literally woke up at 6:39 pm, right, when LCS had already started so I wasn't really in the mood to drink, LOL
I used to get into this pattern where I got drunk and I had a great time and I didn't want it to stop so I kept drinking and drinking wayyy too much, but once I realized that and knew I didn't have to to stay drunk, I just slowed down at that point and I was good.
Not a bad idea actually, but you could probably just for out while watching no matter what. Maybe, if it's a motivation issue, you can do both. Missed Fizz ult? Take a shot and do a push up. Watch LCS, work out and get drunk all at the same time :D
I gifted a player after a game yesterday, he got the skin as well.
&gt; Obamas plan to pit the races against eachother wat
Yeah I don't see how anyone could say you had any fault in that. Honestly I didn't even think she would do that until probably right before she hit you.
Invasions. the zombies there take forever to kill with melee but a single shot to the head will take them out.
Yeah, it's OCR just for everything, I love the extension
haha
It's all good, was a bit ironic though that you actually did what I was talking about, lol.
Dude, what kinda wine is it, white or red?
I just bought 2L bottles of the cheapest wine, tastes nasty but gets you just as drunk for the least amount of money, mixed it with peach syrup and carbonated water, it's actually pretty good. Anyways, I'm already really drunk. Gave up on the drinking game and drank, ahhaah
I have neither. Rip
Both But I'm also depressed enough to begin with, I also get really happy. Kinda emotionally volatile. Also it was simply too slow for me. Might need more things to drink at
wine + something sweet = okay or just wine, just chug it
I just choose wine cause it's cheap as fuck
Dude, don't overthink it, just get him something nice if you feel like it, I see no way how he wouldn't like getting a small gift.
Just don't worry about, get him a nice little gift if you want to, see it as an excuse. There is no way he's gonna think something like "Damn, I really wish I hadn't gotten this awesome beer on father's day".
When I did my %alcohol per euro, wine was the highest, I don't think beer came close, and we only have decent beer here pretty much.
i mean price/litre, drink water, lol
Lol. Unless I got something wrong, alcohol/price is what you care about if it's simply about getting drunk.
What about the one where you hit a sphere with your E and it comes towards you? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zv9v1XpfRv8
I saw someone with 1000+ games in bronze 4 once.
I looked at this guy's match history, he doesn't buy boots, ever. On his last Jinx game he bought 2 IE's or something
Sometimes I wish I could be in like 12 again with my mind, go to school and show some of these kids what's what
Nope.
