They absolutely are micromanaging the hollywood execs, hence the firing of exec who talked shit about Aloha in emails.
The show would have benefited from less Daredevil and more Matt Murdock.
I don't know what you were expecting it seems your mind is made up. Going down with this ship will very likely cause you pain and misery. It takes two to fix a relationship.
I have no fucking clue what you are talking about. You are very hot, probably universally so. Go forth and multiply.
I can't find it.. But the make up artist looks like Rio Mariah but she appears to be speak English
Well if it was then I should be able to find it.. I remember the video because I always wondered who that woman was in the Rocco video. For context it was a four-way with Julian St. Joix(too lazy to google) and some regular white porn dude. They switched partners mid-stream.
That is the scene I was talking about. Is that not the same girl? I thought it was.
Stop using Axe body wash. That stuff leaches all moisture from you body.
Depending upon where she's from she might be waiting the appropriate time to drop a Papi.
Yeah Axe made my skin dry up like crazy. Do some nice moisturizing soap for a month it will clear right up.
What country are you from? Are you in the US?
No way. He spends more than half of each episode kicking ass. A little lawyering or character development for Matt would have been nice. As it is everybody is more interesting than he is.
Father in Law of the year right there. Ladies and gentlemen that's a real fucking man. OP. Move out of the house. Tell her you need some space. I'd start going to therapy ALONE. You need to see if you can deal with this without having a blubbering mess in the house with you. Good luck.
If your costs for coverage exceed a certain percentage of your income you don't have to get insurance.
Let him go. LDR are pretty hard and it sound alike yours is somewhat frayed anyway. Don't move or move in. Just let this stay dead. I wouldn't expect my partner with kids to move to me anyway. Sounds like he was his highest priority.
It might be forgivable if it was a one on one situation. Like she was confiding in her one best friend. But to tell a group, no matter how small, is kinda fucked up. I can't lie though I'e talked about sexual performance of girlfriends in the past with my friends. Only difference is it's been performance, something they can change, not a physical trait they can't.
Op I agree with this. I've been cheated on and it sucks but I'm mature enough now to know that it doesn't mean she didn't love me. People have all kinds of motivations. You know this now yourself. Even if you got back with him it wouldn't be the same. He wouldn't trust you. You are young and you'll find another guy. Just learn from this. It'll probably help to date more so you'll have some comparisons in your mind. Lots of assholes out here.
And his five other sponsors didn't pay shit.
And because of the Texas. Everything is built here for best case scenarios.
I wouldn't fully disclose to her at least not right away. Just break up and make up a mundane reason. You'll likely only be in the same town another year or so.
I disagree. The least attractive woman I had sex with was the best sex I ever had. She was very open and enthusiastic. Seems like the super hot women kinda rest on the laurels where there women who aren't as hot work harder. Just my opinion
First grip the base as you pull out of orifice. Second go to bathroom and fill with water to check for rips or breaks. Pour out contents. Then wrap in to and throw in the trash. Done!
Women willing to swallow are more apt to get you to the finish line. They approach the whole thing with more urgency in my opinion.
That SOB deserved one too. The guy fucking cried in the ring.
He's also the guy who thought punches to the thigh was innovative offense.
A lot of guys like him, win one and lose one, are going to quit with this Reebok deal. Even if they liked fighting who can afford poverty.
These same fucks who run this state are the people who wrap themselves in the bible and scripture at every turn. They seem to have no problem killing and imprisoning people that could be guilty and could give a fuck all about setting it right.
Someone was going to slap that bitch sooner or later. You did her a favor. She tries that shit with a different guy and girl it's a real beat down.
Isn't it the difference between being married and just dating? Dating people should be on their best behavior. They are auditioning for marriage.
Stay the fuck out of this. Like way the fuck out of this. If he was dating her at the time it's very possible he already knows about this. You can disguise pregnancies with clothes but I doubt he didn't see her naked if they were dating.
He's got an individual Reebok deal.
Long term care is expensive and only goes a few years max. Sucks.
You need therapy. I think k you resent his inability to give you a baby,subconsciously. Get help or this will ruin you.
Show me those policies. They don't issue them anymore. People live too damn long now
You can also talk to patient coordinator at hospital or the billing department. $1800 they an probably right that off if you have a hard luck story.
Call them and try to order them. Also their chocolate chip cookies are the best in town
Tell him but be prepared to lose your friend. I guarantee he'll stay with her and tell hers what you said.
Stick with the therapy and actually try the stuff they suggest.
Not true. Long term study of kids moved from bad neighborhoods to good neighborhoods. They earned more money than their peers who didn't move and had better lives overall as adults. http://www.equality-of-opportunity.org/images/nbhds_paper.pdf
Discussing shit just gives manipulators a chance to manipulate more. The best revenge is indifference
In the future don't respond to the letter. Usually they are fishing expeditions. You go the site they give you in the letter and you are confirming information they didn't already have. Don't torrent man. It's just a big honey pot now.
Some guys do gear themselves up with the chatting and online flashing. There are a lot of flakes on those dating sites, mostly married and attache guys who don't actually want to fuck someone but get off on the looking. We probably need distinction on this issue from OP. I've been cheated on, someone full born fucking someone else, and it blows, like really blows and makes you question yourself. But as I get older and after being in a long time relationship I can understand how you can cheat on someone and still love someone and care about them. It takes a lot of work to not cheat. Perhaps OP's husband coping mechanism is to look at broads online blow a load and then go back to his happy marriage. I'm not saying OP should go with this or be okay with it but it might be useful to understand it if she wants to stay married to him.
What's the fucking fetish? Even if you delete this and repost it with a throw away it would put things in perspective. That said whatever your fetish is do you honestly think he'll break up with you if you mention it? He'll either say not my thing OR he could be up for it. Imagine how good things could be if he's up for. It's a risk but it's a small one.
Ben is that you?
Well it's false advertising because from the actual trailer it looks like only one guy gets laid. It's not a sex comedy. That said Balls out is a better title than Intramural.
I remember hearing years ago that he was scared to even go to Mexico to promote his fight for similar reasons. I wonder why he wouldn't move his camp to Denver or some other elevated city just to try to get close.
He's prepping the press for a loss. If Cain eon he'd look even more invincible.
This happens all the time with women her age. Want to know why women can't find good guys? This shit right here. Women all fuck the same 5 assholes. You are husband settle down material. He's date fuck material. Go be with someone who got her dumb side out of her system.
Couldn't you get a long one with a a suction cup and have her stand and lean over?
Her parents are fucking haters.
Yeah what your wife is saying is I want to fuck strangers but I want you around to do the Boeing shit they won't do. Yeah fuck her. If you don't have kids leave asap if a lawyer approves.
You didn't really have a marriage. You had a lie. Also get std tested.
For there to be an emotional affair don't both parties need to have emotions about each other? Seems like she's giving him hope where there is none and could give a shit about him. He's infatuated and she isn't. Your husband is pathetic but not a cheater. I don't know if thesis worth breaking up over. I imagine most people have one man or woman from their past who is their kryptonite. Fortunately for the both of you his kryptonite had no interest in him.
Why didn't you consider the family thing before moving?
What are your plans after fighting? What do you think could be done to get more minority women involved in martial arts? What's your favorite book?
I moved with someone and not for the. They chested and I was in a shit town by myself. It took a while but I realized this was an opportunity. Nobody knew me. I could do what I wanted without fear of embarrassment or judgement. Moving is a nice do over. So do that. Also take advantage of where you are. Go out and do Pa shit. See things. Join things. Live god damn you, said in Ed Harris voice.
I hope he didn't pay for that shit. Seems like a big waste.
I've been tour guide to relatives, including my mom. If this is the last dinner dude may actually be broke. I think it would be supportive of you to opt out or pay for your own dinner. Dude could have handled it better but a week worth of hosting relatives (breakfast, lunch, dinner plus gas,etc.) can put a strain of people who can afford it.
Yeah after the last SXSW the line went from 45 minutes to 2 hours. They need to fucking expand. If John can open a place in South Carolina he can add another cutting station and cash register to Austin. The food is already cooked when they open. It's just a matter of adding more people to cut and ring up the food.
I'm wondering if he just lives there regularly and wants to sound better off.
Red Rising. How the fuck is he wring himself out of the corner he put himself in at the end of Golden Son? I just don't see it.
Give John Scalzi a try. Most of his books before the last one are pretty hopeful and non dystopian.
I missed it. Bottom line don't do this shit Op.
You must converse about this but maybe ask her about hard limits? (What she doesn't want)You need some parameters for mental safety and your piece of mind
Have you guys tried couples therapy. I would suggest doing that before having another kid together. I actually think you might get to the bottom of your relationship issue. Sounds like you guys aren't together for very nebulous reasons. The fact that you'd consider this means you have a better relationship than a lot of married people. Before doubling down on kids maybe you should consider actually being a couple for real.
Don't know where you are flying to. This is what I'd do. Freeze it overnight take it out of freezer and put in freezer bag sealed tight. Maybe two bags. This is important because if you put it with your clothes they will smell like smoke otherwise. To avoid this I'd carry it on and keep any sauces separately. I've gotten through with small amounts of sauce frozen but that's not a guarantee.
Nothing is created in a vacuum. Unions started overprotecting workers because management can be crazy. People set up fiefdoms and do crazy shit and break the law. I feel like unions should do a better job of NOT helping shitty people but they kinda operate like lawyers, everybody deserves help/defense. They have a plan for getting rid of people but it's so onerous most managers don't want to put forth the time/effort.
I disagree. The media became deregulated and jobs started going overseas to non-union non-labor law areas. The disaffected unemployed worker has free time and watches this de-regulated media and hears all this bad shit about unions, put forth mostly by the companies that off-shored jobs. The bottom line is that most workers are better off in a union than not in one. Most people don't own businesses so anti-union activity is really in their worst interest.
The bitch was crazy, the end.
Don't give up the grip.
There's a cap? I though this shit was unlimited. How can they give you 1gbps and cap you?
It's also an attraction at one of the parks - too
Time Warner is stingy. Uverse is good the best for previews. They tell you when it comes on.
Is this true? Black American and fear crazy shit when traveling internationally.
Depends on what they paid those guys to fight.
What does J being poor and black have to do with anything? He'd be more likely to do time not less. Also if your sister has no money your folks can put a stop to this shit quick since prison communication is expensive.
You can't visit non-stop. If she's on disability or can't fend for herself he's not going to stick around if her parents aren't financing things.
She sounds like a horrible wife and partner. I'd leave. For real.
No need. MMa junkie radio is IN the MGM Grand if I recall. They would know.
I feel like Europe wants it both ways. It can't survive without under paid cheap immigrants but they seem to always bring their religion with them.
His post makes no fucking sense but I don't see it as anti-gay. He sounds pro-gay just really dumb.
I gave up a few episodes into season one. I felt the team was really poorly thought out and boring.
He can afford to sign guys for pennies on the dollar too since sponsors are so shitty in the UFC now. Kosch owns part of Dethrone I think. He can cake up pretty easy doing it with sponsors.
Blue Star is very good. I like the cheese grits there and the pancakes.
You should check with a lawyer. It might not matter in your state. Kids born in marriage seem to always get charged to father regardless of paternity.
You can get a health insurance waiver.
No get a bio bidet attachment. We've all been doing it wrong man.
I think anybody who goes to college can say that. Schools do a really crappy job of talking to students about how to get a job.
Okay his rib is okay. How the fuck is he going to make weight? On a good day when he's 100 percent he barely makes it.
That make sense.
This is also a great suggestion. The place is a gem but it's way the fuck up North. Very nice food though.
Menu isn't anything crazy but I think their approach with game meat and stuff was interesting.
You can get a waiver if healthcare is too high a percentage of your income.
Support groups often meet for free. Also it's pretty common for people who have been abused in some way to develop kink around those abuses. It's a way to own the experience and take back control. I imagine if you work on finding someone you trust you can work towards achieving orgasm.
You are drawing this out. You want to get divorced file. Don't hang around. Also it's much easier to leave since you have someone lined up. He probably doesn't. Even if I was willing to get a divorce I wouldn't want to see the phone bill. You want to leave leave because he's not a good match or he's got shit he won't work on. Don't leave for someone else. You are leaving your husband for a fantasy. Was your husband a bad guy or was the "spark" just gone?
Get her family on board with your plans.
The best sex is with fucked up people.
She was gas lighting you. Move on. It's possible you weren't perfect but neither was she. If she wanted to leave she should have said so. Instead she wanted her cake and eat it too.
I thought Northcutt left because Daddy said he they anode him tired or something.
We have video of her suicide?
