Nope, this will never catch on. The minute they realize that the exact same principles they use to subvert al-Qaeida propaganda can be used against their own propaganda, they will have to shut down the program. You can't teach critical thinking, humour and satire to your army and not have them use the same tools against you. I haven't checked out the original paper, but the solution presented on the blog is a non-solution. It only works for ascii characters and words composed out of ascii. When you reuse someone elses code, you always get stuck with someone elses assumptions. In this case, that English is the only language and that the regular expression [A-Za-z] encompasses all possible letters in the world. The shell solution, built upon standard tools, can not be extended to work in an international context but a custom solution in Python (or even Pascal) quite concievably could. But your assertion was that this was an easy problem solved with just a few lines of shell code. That assertion is only true in an extremely limited context where the only language possible is English and the only character encoding is ascii. That's where the Unix tools shines because they are great at handling problems easily expressable as regular expressions. But it is not a very realistic example, nor a fair comparison. > As bryanlarsen pointed out, the shell solution can easily be extended by using an internationalized version of tr. You should try that and then blog about it. :) I've spent lots of time battling issues with ascii-centric libraries. My conclusion is that it is not easy at all which is not strange because tools like tr and sed were written decades before unicode support became a must have. I can't say that it is impossible to write a shell script to count words in a text written in Arabic script, but it doesn't seem easy. Does it really make sense to think about Germany as a separate entity from the rest of the Euro Zone? Economically, I think Germany is more like the center of a huge country with Spain and Greece being the poorer provinces... It is a very strange situation caused by too diverse countries having the same currency. Say what?? I, for one, LIKED the submission a lot! The Wikipedia Redefined site is a great way to present a design proposal from an outsider. The redesign had some flaws, like not fully accounting for i18n and accessability issues, but there where some great nuggets in there too. Such as using a stylized W instead of the plain boring W as the favicon. It is so sad that people instead choose to criticize the flaws and ignoring the good and valuable ideas just so they can be extra critical.