I don't know what field these languages are "taking by storm" -- it certainly isn't the field of corporate software development. Java and C# have the following advantages: - Familiarity, which means programmers are easy to hire and can finish projects without overcoming a learning curve - A huge amount of high-quality libraries for almost any task - Good IDEs and build tools - The concepts are not exotic. The object-oriented features are now the industry standard. Nobody wants to spend the time to learn these new languages if they don't offer a significant improvement over Java and C#. Of the ones you listed, Scala is the most likely to succeed because it can interoperate smoothly with Java and offers concurrency features that Java does not. Twitter's successful use of Scala has also contributed to the language's popularity. National debt is different from household debt for many reasons, including the fact that the government operates a central bank, prints its own currency, does not have to apply for credit, passes the laws that specify the terms of the debt it owes, etc. Plus, in the case of the United States, the national debt is in the form of one of the safest and most widely held investment vehicles in the world : US treasury debt. To argue that government debt is the not any different from household debt is to ignore all of those things. As a former grad student, I am not at all surprised by this. Academia is a very personality-driven world where prestige, connections, and social capital matter at least as much as the quality of one's work. The prestige, influence, and connections of one's department and dissertation advisor make a huge difference, and the most prestigious advisors tend to work at the most prestigious universities. In a job market with so few openings, especially in the humanities, this clearly has a distorting effect. I suspect that if the job market were not so bad, the effects described in this study would be reduced. I was referring specifically to the academic job market, which is about as bad as it has ever been. In humanities disciplines, there are hundreds more graduates than jobs every year. When I was in graduate school, I was somewhat involved in the process of hiring a few professors. Whoever we would have hired was probably going to get tenure and remain in the department for decades. Intangible personal and interpersonal aspects of the candidates were therefore about as important as the quality of their research, because nobody wants to be stuck working for 20 years with someone they don't feel comfortable with. Naturally, this has a tendency to perpetuate the gender and race imbalances in academia.