"Advertising" includes training doctors, not just "ask your doctor about erectinol" commercials. Hiring doctors to travel the country, give lectures explaining how it works, renting conference centers, providing lunch, etc adds up. Learning how to use a new drug is not easy like learning software; trial and error doesn't work. A drug is worthless if your doctor doesn't know what it does. If the original poster is a computer person, I'd recommend some changes to this list. This is "Math for physics" but "Math for Computer Science" is rather different, and might be more interesting. I'd recomment calculus up to integration. Don't worry about integration tricks, except for integration by parts (the most important formula in mathematics) and u-substitution. All the other integration tricks are pointless crap used to fill up time in calc classes. Vector math is useful if you like either computer graphics or physics, but is not crucial. On the other hand, everyone should know probability, even the purest mathematicians. Just don't try to learn it out of an "Introduction to Probability and Statistics for Engineers" book, all such books should be burned. Real/functional analysis would also be useful to better understand probability. I'd also suggest combinatorics/graph theory, and perhaps the theory of automata. That's edging towards computer science, but it is a fundamentally mathematical topic. Also, it will be very slow going. It's not like picking up another computer language/framework; it's even harder than Haskell. I've have a Ph.D. in mathphys/num analysis, but it still takes me a long time to push through an introductory textbook in a field too far removed from my own. For instance, I sat through 4 semesters of abstract algebra (3 at the grad level), and I still don't understand it. Don't get discouraged. It's already been built ( http://laptop.org/ ), except for cell network access. They also have minimal color and a small amount of graphics. You can even power it with a hand crank. As soon as they build one with a bigger keyboard, that's my new machine. At my university, we use blackboard. But if we want to submit grades, we can't use blackboard. We have to fill in bubbles on paper by hand. Sounds great, in principle. Here is what would happen if it actually occurred: Various big projects of dubious value (particle accelerators, LIGO) will go begging for money. Any candidate who doesn't want to support them will be portrayed as anti-science. The majority of the effort will be placed here (scientists care more about grants than politics). Standard science issues where the science doesn't fit the party line will be highlighted: evolution, climate change and sex ed. For the most part, science will be used as a club to beat republicans with. They certainly deserve it (1), but not only them. Non-standard science issues that cut against democrats will be mostly ignored (race/sex differences in intelligence, lawyers suing doctors without scientific evidence, the possible link between abortion/miscarriage and breast cancer) . No one will ask the candidates what they think about Larry Summers or James Watson. It sounds like a great idea. But I know my colleagues well enough to know that if it happens, it will simply turn into a "give us money, we hate republicans" event. (1) At various points, I noticed birth control (non-condom) includes the warning "Does not prevent aids or other STDs." Until I heard McCain speak on the topic, I didn't think anyone was actually dumb enough to think it did.