Uh, no. Computing is the absolute opposite of security. Doubly so for anything networked. If you want to take anything secure, and make it unsecure, simply transform it from paper, and put it on a computer. Bam! Paper is millions of times more secure than a computer. No piece of software is ever, ever secure. There are always, literally always thousands and thousands of hardware, and software vulnerabilities just waiting to be exploited. Compared to any form of computerized voting, ballots are insanely secure. But what you're missing here is process. Paper voting has been around for a very, very long time. Process is well established, very simple to do, but it seems the US is always changing how to count, how to tally, and more. But, to pause and take a step back ... I'm not sure how you think adding a computer to the mix, improves auditing. The entire point of a voting system, is that your vote remains anonymous. Therefore, the device or method that records your vote? Must not ever ever be assigned to you. And this also includes any form of anonymization. This has also been handled for a very, very long time. Again, by process. I wonder, how many years have you (or others advocating a computer inserted into the voting process), studied in depth the chain of trust used with paper ballots? Or precisely how ballots are counted? Or, even months? Weeks? All I know is that when I researched paper ballots here in Canada, every aspect I could think of was covered. And that's what you'd expect, from a voting process that evolved over literally hundreds of years, with deep thought put into each voting cycle. Again, you're missing the key here. Process. And current paper process includes audibility, security, and more. Done correctly, it is insanely difficult to swap out an election box. Where would you do it? At the polling station, where members from ALL political parties are present? Volunteers are present too. All together watch the voting process, following through to opening the ballot box, and performing the initial count. https://www.elections.ca/content.aspx?section=vot&dir=faq&do... How, then, are election boxes to be secretly swapped? On top of this, all ballots are serialized. Each voting station has multiple voting boxes. Voting boxes are sealed. How are you going to compromise them? What I find astonishing, is how intensely some people seem to want to use computing for everything. Paper ballots, and the process used to employ them, are incredibly secure. Incredibly. Its a problem that absolutely, positively does not need to be solved. At all. Yet people are consistently working very diligently to do so, and the only real reason for that is one. Profit. And we don't need that motive in an election counting process. As others have mentioned, we only currently have one data point on this. However... Google is well known for terrible customer support. And if you think of it, it makes sense. After all, if you can server 100M users via an automated support systems and only 0.01% have issues a year, it's probably far, far cheaper to just drop those "problem" users, than hire thousands of customer support persons. Note: just threw the above numbers out, but you get the gist. EDIT: Speaking of algorithms, I wonder if the OP was below some adsense fiscal threshold of 'it's worth it to intercede here with a level 4 manager' or some blather. https://farmingfirst.org/2011/01/selenium-fortified-fertiliz... Apparently Finland made it mandatory, and it worked. It's a rough in, I guess. Site has spelling errors, you sign in with linkedin.. but, you still have to enter all your details (job experience, skills, etc). There's no way to change your email address, or delete your account. When you click on 'contact', you have to use email.. they don't have a build in messaging app. I'm guessing it's very much a work in progress. Which is fine, but ... not for me yet.