My reading list revolves around two areas which I wish to qualify the following way: Job/Career/Technical competency related: 1. Perl blogs, Iron man blogging challenge, reading modern perl books from chromatic and associated blogs. 2. I make it a point to read whats the next interesting/challenging thing in my area of work. 3. Read questions on PerlMonks, Stackexchange. 4. Other tech stuff. General Hackery: 1. Hacker news. 2. Tidbits collected from twitter and other places. Current affairs. 1. news.google.com As an Indian myself, let me explain how things work here. Like everywhere else there is a regular mix of people in India. But what one needs to really understand is that sheer volume of people in India highlights the rat race that exists in all societies at a level of contrast that attracts these articles. In most cases, the people are from humble beginnings or from small towns and cities. And the effects of the pre FDI days still continue to exist. The mentality among parents is that opportunities are scanty, hence need to be treated precious. This leads a lot of conservative thinking. Actually right from early days of our post-independence era, the only way some one could really well off financially was to either be a doctor, engineer or do a real big business with a lot of initial investment. The other options remained joining the military or civil services. Having said all that opportunities, both in terms of jobs and college seats were very little. Most people in the previous generation have either worked in process based factories, or small time shops like grocery shops or other places. There fore the perception automatically is "study well for a seat in a professional college else you are doomed". Now opportunities being scanty and people looking for them being more, automatically makes people go to the limits to get what they want to get. Hence just to pass exams there are books, guides and tutorials which focus on only scoring marks! Add to that the IT boom has led to opening of "only on paper" kind of colleges where people enroll just to get a degree. I hope by now most people understand why its important. Its important as we have linked education to money, jobs and earnings. The purpose of education is to learn and use the learning to add some value or what pg calls create wealth. Whereas by linking education to all the material stuff we automatically create a rat race. The solution is simple, award work not words(Degree abbreviations) next to one's name. Jobs must be given to one's who can 'do', not the ones who just 'know'. Having said all that, I can honestly say there are a lot of good people who make genuine attempt to learn and build stuff. Its just that our country is really big. And like everywhere else, it will take time to overcome this huge inertia and bring in education reforms. Government is already working towards that, they have introduced laws to bring in Grades in place of Marks and much more is in progress. The problem is people have a notion that people from big-brand colleges will always do well. Though this isn't true always. But I think that helps at some degree in eliminating false positives. From my experience I see, often the best paid are the ones who hop jobs very often. They would have very little experience and ability to work. And often don't work at all. But they would have strong associations/connections and would have worked for big brands. And the HRs hiring some how think that coming out a big brand automatically makes you more qualified for that job. The net result is a certain section of people(inefficient) go round and round every 1.5 years. The same talent pool keeps circulating between companies. Sooner or later their bluff is called and companies reach to a conclusion that there is no good technical talent in India. Which is of course wrong. On the other hand, good folks who tend to hang on for some time learning and working for long term projects are treated badly, denied promotions and hikes. After all this the system still wonders why the good folks are not in enough supply. It's simple, we don't reward meritocracy and we don't get people with merit. Although this seems the easiest way out, but I don't think we should give into the demands of the system. For a while going away to US or the West has been the aim of our youth and needless to say this has caused significant amount of brain drain. The society is resistive to change, but change they will finally some day. For example, a relative of mine immigrated to the US in the 90's. And is a successful doctor there. Now sometimes when he comes back for a vacation he wonders it was not such a good decision after all. There are plenty of opportunities in India. And you can economically well off too. On the other hand. The cost of living in the US is too high, for the conservative and savings driven lives of Indians it becomes a little to get adjusted there. You life is driven by perpetual debt and insurances. Ultimately it looks like money is not for your luxury but you are for the luxury of money and big banks. Sure the infrastructure is a lot cleaner and there are high rises, it may feel like you in heaven for some time. But on a longer run, spending your whole life paying off bank loans, credit card debts and all sorts of loans and debts. At the end of it you feel all that was not worth it. Flipkart did well because they executed the Idea well. They still have a long way to go. But last time I checked they too hire and give a lot of preferences for people from IIT's.