Been looking for an answer to a related question on this. DRM technologies like "white box crypto," seem to be designed for the same use case. Is encoding sensitive operations in an application using these techs not a viable medium term mitigation as well? As a rider who has done some reading into the history, one of the things modernity does overlook is how horsemanship provided a practical philosophical basis for human morality. Going back to Xenophon (and Simeon before him), who wrote one of the earliest surviving treatises on horsemanship, the personal qualities it takes to ride and train were also the basis for leadership. Xenophon's work on the Cavalry General is mainly practical and tactical, but expands on some of the principles of horsemanship - a key one being, "nothing forced can be beautiful." The essence of it is that because they are prey animals, good horsemanship is necessarily an exercise in leadership. Dom Duarte's 13th century treatise (next on my list) is also about the moral qualities for horsemanship, and the classic "education of the king," by Pluvinel is about educating the king of France as a horseman, with an eye to developing the king as a leader. IMHO, officer training has always included horsemanship because it develops a kind of physical presence and fearlessness required to get people to follow them willingly. Glad to see something like this mentioned on HN, as revisiting the cultivation of leadership through physical and moral exercise is something we in tech could certainly benefit from. There's a unity of the set. The qualities of good horsemanship are essentially moral and physically cultivated qualities, and among those is the ability to be recognized as a leader and followed willingly by another creature in nature. I am saying the qualities that people recognize as leadership and follow willingly, are moral qualities that can be developed and taught, and there is a history of those being taught through horsemanship. A technology change in the 1730s made horses viable viable plow animals. It was a lighter metal plow (name escapes me), and ploughmen switched from oxen to horses. Horses were previously used mainly for military and business transportation via carriage and carts, but this change made them economical for farmers and ploughmen. Thing is, the temperament and intelligence of horses were different, and the non-military horseman as a profession was born. That was the origin of a lot of the so-called "gypsy," mysticism about "whispering," as there were tricks of the trade that ploughmen used to protect their business. The history is fascinating, and not unlike the way crypto is today. Where a former exclusively military technology proliferated to a trade class, who organized to "professionalize," it to preserve the integrity and value of its secrets. They formed something called "the society of the horseman's word," which was a pseudo-masonic group modeled after what Millers had done in their own trade. There is a bunch of hocus pocus around their history, but viewed as a trade association or guild, it makes economic sense. According to a history of ploughman culture, it was a lighter metal plow that made them economical vs. oxen in the 1730s.