If this is a BSA campaign, just looking at the youtube comments, it's kind of stupid, because people are supporting the guy as a result and speaking badly about BSA. I always dismount cheap power supplies, to see their quality for myself. I check for creepage, clearance distances, noise filtering circuits, transformer quality, grounding quality if appropriate, build quality, circuit sophistication, appropriate wire gauge, protection fuses, etc. Some of those I checked had none of the above. I enjoy understanding electronic circuits. But it is also important, I believe. Just reading the list of unsafe banned products from EU markets, a lot of the time it is these cheap power adapters. And I can absolutely understand why. This doesn't make any sense to me. If attacker can intercept connections I'd rather he get the hash than the plaintext password. At least then actual password is still not compromised, which is good, given how many people share passwords accross services. If he can tamper with connections, there's nothing that can be done anyway. It would be very nice if there was a feature in web browser that allowed user to opt in to something like this: When there's a password input on a website: 1] automatically take website's domain concatenate it to plaintext password 2] generate a secure hash from 1] 3] Derive some reasonably portable text password (20-30 characters) from 2] 4] Make it so that original web page never has access to user's plaintext password 5] Submit result of 3] Downsides: 1] Stupid websites enforcing password rules other than length (can be worked around mostly transparently). 2] Extra stupid websites limiting password length. (requires user interaction and configurable exceptions for such websites) 3] Can't login with browsers that don't implement this. This would be very nice for people who share passwords between services. Also would make web service data leaks less valuable to attackers. User would not depend on service password handling quality and/or operator's morality. I use different passwords for each and every service. But many people can't be bothered or don't get the risks of password sharing, so it would be at least some help to them. Very little, around 60kB free if writing programs in C language. Strncpy is not used correctly either. strncpy(ifr.ifr_name, dev, IFNAMSIZ); will not necessarily NULL terminate ifr.ifr_name for all values of dev variable. NULL terminated input is assumed later when ifr.ifr_name is used in strcpy.