Professor was suprised that there are two distinct set of rules, game rules and social rules, and that by breaking social rules you can anger people? Somebody should go to his office and pee on his desk explaining to the professor that he is not breaking any game rules (in that case called 'physics'). Professor could be also suprised by revelation that in real world also two distinct set of rules exist. Maybe he could write about this afterwards. Splitting people around you into groups and labeling them as 'us' and 'them' lies in biology. It can't be totally suppressed. What schools could actually do is to give those two colored T-Shirts randomly to the kids to create artificial division that would allow them to get past the tribal labeling period without forming persistent bias based on some real unchangeable (although insignificant) quality such as skin color. Two black holes colliding. In Britain international criminal lord could sue Interpol for libel and win. I think that only sensible way to deal with the libel is to allow it. It's already that way in reality. If someone spreads a rumour about someone else to hurt his reputation the source of gossip is impossible to track and impact can be devastating despite all the clarifications and court judgements. Explicitly allowing for libel could do the same to impact of false claims that possibility of posting anything on the internet did to perceived credibility of any unverified information. Those laws might be fine when small amount of influential people could effectively disseminate information but in the viral age of today, when false information written on someones anonymous blog can sweep across information agencies all over the world the libel laws effectively serve only trolls and powerful organization to fight journalists. Actually this page is brilliant. I have not included php.js in my projects but used this page many times to find out how to do in JavaScript things that are easy in PHP but in js ... they are not easy at all.