I got the impression from James's post that he wasn't actually "giving up" his millions, he was locking up all future profits in the business and reinvesting them. He converted HotOrNot from an S-corporation to a C-corporation. You can certainly reinvest profits from an S-corporation into the business or pay out profits from a C-corporation as dividends, but the incentives go different ways. S-corp earnings are taxed as ordinary income (none of the double-taxation of corporate profits) and S-corps can't give out different classes of shares, so there's an incentive to distribute the profits out to the shareholders. C-corp earnings are taxed once at the corporate level and then once as dividend earnings, yet they can have multiple classes of shareholders. The incentive is to build up the business and eventually seek an IPO, acquisition, or other liquidity event. It almost looks like James is positioning HotOrNot to get big and get bought. I did the first 7 semesters of my undergrad in physics, and still have a lot of friends doing Ph.Ds in physics. A bachelors in physics opens up a large expanse of possibilities - finance, management consulting, economics consulting, computer programming, high school math teacher, and of course physics grad school. A Ph.D in physics qualifies you for exactly one job: physics professor. There are far more opportunities for a physics drop-out than a physics Ph.D, particularly for someone who doesn't absolutely, positively love the subject. Is there anyone doing case studies of *unsuccessful* internet startups? The successful ones are helpful, but it's easy to fall prey to survivorship bias, i.e. there's no guarantee that any commonalities have to do with them being *successful* rather than *internet* or *startups*. A group of unsuccessful startups would be a nice control group, and maybe then we could draw some better conclusions about what makes a startup successful. And support paragraphs! Most informative, insightful comments take more than a couple of sentences. Currently, that makes them unreadable. This is a really cool idea...too bad it's over across the pond. There any gatherings like this in, say, the Boston area?