An immature penis joke is not "harassment". You shouldn't throw that word around like it's meaningless. Harassment is a serious thing, and this joke most certainly is not. Hardness only determines how difficult something is to scratch. Resistance to cracking is much more complex. For example, I could easily smash a diamond with a steel hammer. But I could also use that diamond to slowly grind the hammer to dust. It's (quite) a bit more complex (and expensive) than that. You can't just push a lump of carbon really hard into a sheet. You have to worry about all sorts of things to get a high-quality crystal, and making crystals that are both optically high-quality and large is very expensive. What was solved 50 years ago? Just because we can make synthetic diamonds does not mean we can make synthetic diamonds of any arbitrary size or quality. In fact, it becomes exponentially more expensive in proportion to the volume of the produced diamond. Most artificial diamond companies limit mass to 2-300mg per diamond because it gets much more expensive after that. Of course, we are speaking of optical-quality monocrystaline diamonds here. Polycrystaline diamonds are less expensive, but unsuitable for optical equipment (e.g. cell phone screens). That's not to say the problem is hopeless; in fact, there has been some very interesting research done in recent years on low-pressure microwave-based diamond synthesis that could allow for very large, kilocarat-scale diamonds. But for now, it is not feasible (as far as I know) to produce diamonds in the shape and size needed for cell phone screens, and certainly not at low cost. "The constitution is not a suicide pact." How do you know? It seems to me like the people who wrote the constitution (and authored/ratified the Bill of Rights) were willing to risk everything to achieve the freedoms enumerated in the constitution and its subsequent amendments. While I'm probably projecting my own opinions onto them to some extent, it seems to me that the founders of the United States would rather see the nation fall apart than become what they set out to destroy.