Dugg it, I think I saw you somewhere else a few weeks ago, metafilter? A stumble question for anybody who knows. I was getting a bunch of traffic from Stumble Upon and decided to throw up a digg button. Of course, it was late and I didn't test it properly, so it essentially broke my site and nobody stumbled it anymore. Once a site has been stumbled once, and not thumbed up, is there any way to get it going again? My site is www.hearwhere.com I commented on the blog, but really my comment probably belongs here. This is a great advertisement for SeedCamp, but I find it strange that SeedCamp/Y-Combinator/TechStars focus on people with ideas, pre-launch. Is there anything like this availble to first time bootstrappers who have just gone and gotten it done? Build/Launch/Revise - but it would be great to have access to these kinds of resources - lots of knowledge and a bit of money. Seems to me that once you've got a product out there, it's difficult to get small amounts of money to keep things going, and the publicity that YC etc. provide is unbeatable. Of course, it is an image to protect it from spammers, but how long until spammers use image recognition to get your e-mail? Thanks Maro, I had the map smaller originally, but the bigger map just seems more engaging. I do put markers on the map after you click on a result. I thought it would be useless to have a bunch of markers on the map first, as you aren't going to decide on a show based on the location, but it's good to see the location after. Thanks for the input. That's AWESOME feedback sawndrost. I'm not being lazy, but just haven't been getting that kind of feedback - tech meetups are not de rigueur in my hometown of Whistler BC. I'm not a huge fan of the look, and i've been tweaking and tweaking it. Even hired a designer, but we conflicted on a bunch of elements and this is what I ended up with. It's a shame the player isn't working. I haven't heard that yet, and that is the best part - listen so you can discover the artists. I specifically didn't want to populate the map with markers as it would just be full of markers, and you won't really decide to go to a show based on where it is, rather than who is playing, so I think the site would get just too busy with that. But I'll definately be working on everything else you mentioned. Kinda makes me wish I could take down this post for now and repost later. ;)