I do not believe they have a monoply any more. a few years ago they where much more prolifict, I paid for ALOT of things via paypal. in the last 5 years I have made 0 transactions on paypal. With Amazon, Stripe, and others merchant solutions, as well as Apple and Google geting into the game soon for webpayments in addition to app paymets I do not believe the reliance on paypal as a quick way to process credit cards for business is as high as it was, further the reluctance for consumers to enter their credit card data never really materialized. Currently I think a business that only has PayPal as a payment option is harming their business, while you might keep it around for those few users that still only want to use paypal if I see an option to use anything other than paypal I will take it. Independent Auditing happens in all kinds of industries and for all kinds of reasons There is no reason a neutral 3rd party can not review logs, software, or other data to ensure in house ad metrics are accurate. >>Shadow of Mordor is near unplayable) Really because I have played over 200 hours, seems to work just fine in my Arch Linux system... Let see Top 10 Games by play hours, all on native linux (no WINE) 1. Borderlands 2 2. Shadow of Mordor 3. Cities Skylines 4. Civ V 5. Stellaris 6. Borderlands Pre-sequel 7. Space Run 8. X-Com 9. Wasteland 2 10. Race the Sun Plus I just bought like 10 or so titles on Steam Summer Sale, all Linux but have not had time to play them. Solar2, universe Sandbox 2, Tropico 5, Portal 2 are a few of those. >>But please let's not portray Linux as a viable gaming OS. I game exclusively under Linux now, if the game is not available for Linux native I will not buy it. I no longer own any Windows Computers. I see so not only do you have to play exclusively AAA titles now you have to play at 4K in order for you to be called a "gamer" according to dogma1138 Talk about moving the goal posts For the Record, Most windows systems struggle to play games at 4K unless you have 2 980TI's in SLI or the new 1080, my system could not play Shadow of Mordor @4K if I installed windows, linux has nothing to do with it Further I am not selling out the money for a 4K display, I have 4 1080p monitors, and 1 1920x1600 hooked to my system, I play games on the 1920x1600 It runs just fine at that resolution on a couple generation old card.