Gentrification, as I've heard it called, has its benefits as well as costs. As artists (or other creative types, like hackers :) move in and beautify a place, demand from professionals goes up and prices skyrocket. Even with the overall real estate market going down, I'm having a heck of a time finding a combined office/apartment at what seems like a reasonable price in my city, which is currently going through a major downtown renovation. If only Detroit wasn't so cold... The hockey and outdoor activities would actually be quite nice, though I have easy access to good hiking where I live now. A ridiculously cheap summer home would also be fun, but when I think about it, I always come to the conclusion that the benefits of the summer home "feature" are outweighed by the long-term maintenance costs. [Edit: though if a large hacker-driven entrepreneurial project actually managed to take over a city block, I would seriously consider moving in. I wonder how the music is in Detroit these days...] Agree with the sunlight recommendation. In my case, controlling light levels makes all the difference. I need it pitch black when I'm supposed to be sleeping (whenever that is), with gradually increasing light when I need to get up. Some motorized blinds and a sunrise simulating alarm (possibly linked into a home automation system) might help, since the sun comes up too early during the summer and late in the winter at high latitudes. I wouldn't recommend it -- from what I've heard, rooster meat is really tough. It's possible to mock up a hardware design in software (just look at console emulators). That gives one a cheap way to demonstrate ideas that can be used to attract investors. Plus, the software version is a useful platform for testing new ideas and identifying hardware bugs. If your hardware idea is radically different from any existing device (rather than using software to make the hardware unique), you can still use physical models to simulate actual mechanical inputs (like accelerometers). Otherwise, you can just find an existing hardware platform and hack it to run your software.