Interesting observations. As someone who has been in hiring positions over several years, the signal to noise ratio in recruiting consistently goes down. On-line recruiting used to be the domain of the talented. Now that everyone is on-line, the professional job-searchers have more time on their hands. Let's say the unqualified outnumber the qualified by 5 to 1. They're also job-searching on company time, so they send out 5 times as many resumes as the qualified. Their resumes then outnumber the qualified by 25 to 1. This gives you the ratios that Peroni sees. What's hard - very hard - is that good engineers aren't great at writing job descriptions that are useful to HR recruiters. Conversely, many good HR recruiters still don't understand technical job descriptions. In the end, this is why the best recruiting method still seems to be, "Ask your best person who their most capable friend is." My 2 cents... What is more likely to create a company built to last? 1) A firm starved for cash, but with boadloads of the best talent or 2) A firm starved for talent, but with boatloads of cash In situation 1, a great leader can create gold. In situation 2, all a leader can do is line their pockets. In 2002 and 2008 there were fantastic people that were unemployed through no fault of their own. People who just aren't visible in normal times. In many cases, these top performers already have money, so they can take a risk. Better to invest sweat in the dark days than cash in the bright ones. There are two unwritten assumptions in this post: 1 - The company focuses on people as appreciable assets, as opposed to costs to be minimized. 2 - There is not diminishing returns for chasing the best. Where this is true and recognized, companies don't nickel and dime employees. It is usually true in the best recruiter of each talent focused industry. Like them or not, this is in part why Goldman Sachs and McKinsey succeed, as well as top software firms. Once you view people as costs to be minimized (think the auto industry) or there is diminishing returns on individual excellence (think Wal-mart) then this system breaks down. The headline is a little more downbeat than the story, no? As I read it, they say that private VC investment is moving from research to development. This is consistent with the nature of VC funds - they usually have to pay back investor money within 7-10 years. The research cycle in physical sciences is frequently long enough that adding development pushes the idea beyond 10 years. As such, VCs are more interested in bringing already researched ideas (or incremental ideas) to market. There are 2.5 antidotes to this: 1) The government can fund more basic research, similar to biology. 2) The government can put a revenue neutral tax on unclear energy. (Carbon taxing) They can use to revenue to fund #1, or give it back in the form of lower taxes. Even the latter will create financial incentives to fund alternatives. 2.5) Fund longer term (10-15 year time horizon?) VC style investments with public funds, either through pensions or other dedicated funds. This would be similar to Singapore. I am fairly confident that #1 will help, as it benefits other areas in science. There is potential for waste, but lots of residual benefits. I am very confident that #2 will work, as it lines up everyone's incentives to solve the problems. I am only slightly confident that #2.5 will work, as it is not a business model that has worked in many other places. Call me jaded, but this doesn't seem so bad to me. If I like something, I am putting that out in the public. I expect it to be on my feed. Why wouldn't it be used more efficiently to tell others what I like? My view is that both Facebook and LinkedIn are services where everything defaults to public. What is strange is I don't feel this way about Amazon - I view my reviews to be public, but my personal ratings should not be. Same with Netflix. It is a very subtle distinction, and apparently not everyone thinks this way. I think abusing private personal information is a much worse crime.