They certainly already are.[1] The double-edged sword of encryption is that anyone can use it. With the recent paranoia of leaks, politicians now have a legitimized cover story for the use of apps like Signal, Confide, and the like. [1] http://www.theverge.com/2017/2/9/14561786/confide-messaging-... See a doctor. This isn't normal. The above poster is referring to the lopsided representation of voters due to the electoral college and the degree of contestedness of particular states. For instance, I can be comfortable not voting in California because it is so overwhelmingly blue that, in effect, my vote "didn't count". The same is not true of many midwestern states, where the two major parties are in a dead heat. I am currently dating someone who is in an open marriage. To be honest I don't know much about their home life, but they don't have kids and are still kind of settling down, finding their way. She is happy in general, and has exposed to me no complaints about her situation in life, aside from money. The pursuit of such an arrangement in her case is about really involving oneself in the life of another person, much like typical relationships you see today. She's a self-described humanist. Others may use it purely as a sexual outlet, but from the polyamorous/nonmonogomous people I've spoken to, this is rarely the case. I wonder occasionally if our situation is a way to hedge against those moments in marriage where things become a little more difficult. She obviously has more than enough love to give for both of us (and whomever else she may be seeing) but of course sometimes even those who give most can become strained. Likewise if things get "boring" or "monotonous", she can simply seek a new partner that stimulates her. Being cute and petite means she has the luxury of having a choice with relatively little effort. Tinder in a big city means she has a large pool to choose from. As a form of having new and invigorating experiences with interesting human beings, open relationships seem to provide everything you need with few restrictions. At the same time, in such a commitment as marriage, one has to wonder if it can turn into a form of escapism if left unchecked. I am curious if this trend has the potential to dissolve the current marriage trope as we know it into something more fluid. Nation-states still incentivize it with tax breaks because close-knit families have more kids, but there are likewise factors (like financial instability) that influence marriage rates in the other direction.[1] [1] https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/soloish/wp/2016/06/06/wh... This is a typical refrain, but doesn't account for second-order effects. At first, the price will drop. But the ongoing supply will pile up and need to be stored somewhere. Storing stuff is generally more expensive than not producing it. So production downsizes, and the little amount of product that ends up being produced costs more per unit than the larger-scale production process, and so prices go up. Also, prices will go up at the end of this transition due to scarcity and an ability to weasel money out of people who will pay more to hold on to what they're used to.