This is good advice for a novice, but I have to say from my experience I pretty vehemently disagree. I suppose there's a sort of spectrum of programmer personality types that may help to explain the disagreement. Please forgive me of I am prone to hyperbole in my description. One type of programmer says "never rewrite a function if it exists in a library". They do this in part because they are not confident in their own abilities (see disclaimer about hyperbole), and generally trust code if it's written by somebody else. Another type is more of a cowboy. The cowboy wants to write everything from scratch, for the opposite reasons - because they don't trust code not written by them. Someone who reliably adheres to only one of these extremes at all times is probably not a good person to work with. However, both of these motivations do have some basis in fact and practicality. On the one hand, use of libraries gets the job done quickly and can save you some headaches. On the other hand, there are some pretty bad to horrible libraries out there, many of them quite popular; introducing dependency on the library can add considerable complexity, code size, and weaken your own "whole-program" understanding of what's going on. I'd say that being distrustful of dubious library dependencies is a good thing. In practice, even your libc is not necessarily going to be as well maintained as you suggest. The people who maintain such libraries might not have the motivation to do the sort of periodic performance tweaks and updating for the current era that you ascribe to them. They might have a working implementation and decide to stick with it as long as possible. (In my experience this is more common than your rosy picture.) That's fine for them but it doesn't mean the library will work for you, or help you meet your performance goals. One problem with your side of the spectrum is that the people who write the libraries aren't always perfect or even good authorities. You have to know when to let go of your trust in them. And especially, if I really need something to be faster and it's something that I can spend a few hours on, benchmark, and either decide to take or maybe just revert and go back to the library... Well then yes, I'm going to take a crack at it. One can always revert it later. > standard library functions as often as you think -- you're wrong. I know for certain that Linux, Windows, and Solaris all receive continual updates for new hardware platforms for their standard library. Well I was actually speaking from experience here. I might be more willing to believe you for something like memcpy(), but as an example (and the one I was thinking of), the Windows CRT is generally in pretty poor shape. I've also seen some crufty things in libc trees from some of the *BSDs. I'm not certain he had another metric in mind, but it seemed plausible that he may be suggesting that test score performance did not actually increase after No Child Left Behind, or that an increased emphasis on test scores in the last decade had not had a positive measurable impact, even on an imperfect measure like test scores. I don't know what the actual data say but it seems like that was the avenue he was going down. I do think it was a mistake for the parent to refer to it as "petty". Maybe some of it is petty, but a lot of it are valuable skills that you learn on the job . But that is the key phrase, "on the job". I know I personally didn't go to school to fit all these check boxes. It seems like a poor choice to me that you and your classmates would (1) enter into a CS program without much interest in CS, then (2) blame the field of study for not being interesting to you. I for one am glad I got a CS degree (for the CS degree's sake) and thankful for what I was exposed to in those years. These other check boxes? Sure they are valuable. That's what my first job was for. I'll agree that WinRT is not complete, but that's hardly COM's fault. The real story is that they thought they could replace decades of development platform evolution in a 3 year development cycle. And even in that 3 years, they didn't think things through very well, or make many attempts to learn from history. With that I would disagree that it's a good/bad, .NET/COM axis. Many programmers are productive with Win32 and COM in ways that they are not with WinRT.