This will easily break the clove. Ok if you are going for finely chopped but less nice if you need thin slices. Another way is to roll the clove between your hands for a few seconds. Trim the top and bottom off, roll, peel. Also if you use a garlic press, there's no need to peel. Actually it's easier to clean the pres if you don't. Use plastic bags or containers to keep vegetables fresh in the fridge. Things like carrots dry out in no time in a fridge but stay usable for weeks if you simply keep them in a plastic bag. I've thrown away vegetables for years before figuring this out. For a good tutorial on sharpening & honing, checkout this insightful tutorial by French Guy Cooking: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rWYIU1L_8vA&t=5s I can recommend setting up audit beat & kibana or similar. Auditbeat is a recent addition to the Elastic beats agents and it sends audit logs for a lot of things, including ssh logins, system calls, and you can monitor changes to files/directories as well. So, you can flag boxes where people are poking around in /etc, and see which boxes are being accessed via ssh by which user. We have this and a few other elastic beats on most of our vms in amazon baked into the amis we use. So anything deployed by us starts sending lots of data to our logging cluster for metrics, auditing, internal application events, stacktraces from our docker infrastructure, syslogs, etc. How can you write an article like this without bringing up self driving cars? The end game for Uber is to get drivers out of the loop completely. So, this is just a temporary problem. It's going to get a whole lot worse if your plan in life is to drive vehicles around to make money. This is not about the gig economy but simply about a lot of jobs becoming commodities before being automated away completely. Anyone with decent navigation solution in their car can compete with whatever awesome skills this medallion used to represent in terms of geographical knowledge. It's an outdated concept that dates back to the days that actually taxis were horse & carriage and it was kind of helpful to have some guarantees that the driver knew where to go. Not a thing any more.