See Ypsilon Scheme: http://code.google.com/p/ypsilon/ Ypsilon has been developed as a fundamental technology for LittleWing Pinball Construction System. More info: http://www.littlewingpinball.com/contents/en/ypsilon.html Yeah, like the Lisp Machine from 1980. Command: (software-type) "Lisp Machine" Command: (time:parse "twenty-nine years before yesterday") 0 0 0 4 4 80 4 NIL :RELATIVE France has solved nothing. The nuclear waste problem is unsolved in France as it is everywhere else. Depends in which areas. If you are in environmental sector (for example alternative energy) there is a good chance that the technology has been developed in Germany. Same for machines, cars, ... Europe has several companies competing in the area of high-speed trains. The US has none. It is just thinking about having their own high-speed train services (minus the Acela, which is not really high-speed), where Europe has lots of those in France, Germany, Spain... There are innovation areas where Europe actually now is ahead of the US. That happened, because the US was more focused in finance, space and military technology - and less so with other engineering areas (often civil). The German 'Mittelstand' (medium sized companies) has lots of 'Weltmarktführer' (market leaders) which are based on innovation and technology in their areas. Software is part of their offerings, but it is not the web-based software what they develop. It is often embedded software or applications. Guess what, these companies are fully exposed to global competition. Actually their market is global - which is why Germany has a huge trade surplus - from selling high-tech, machines, tools, cars, trains, robots, ... The article is also not really correct with respect to 'Theseus'. Theseus is a german research project in the area of semantic knowledge infrastructure. It is not a start up company and it is not done with France. Theseus is basic research. Volkswagen is also long ago - it was founded by the Nazis. It is not an example how companies are created in Germany nowadays. It is true that Germany has less venture capital and its innovation is not that much based on creation of startup companies funded by venture capital. But that does not mean innovation is government controlled or induced. The example I mentioned above, innovation in the 'Mittelstand' is the counter example. How about taking the money away from DARPA and do some actually useful research?