The org handling my scholarship & job placement were defunded just before I graduated in 1996. This job market here was already one that won't hire w/o a personal into. The only way a coder w/o experience + buddies in HR was getting hired was thru blackmail or ransom. I knew how to do basic hardware & some networking so got a biz license & biz cards and chatted up everyone I could find for 3 years. I went door to door to every business in town. None of them hired me but there would be other people around who thought it was novel that I was marketing like it was 1955. Those people intro'd me to people they knew & that got me established. The 2008 crash sinkholed my clients (car dealers). I started over with med providers but by 2010 the ACA sinkholed my new clients. I finally started writing some code 5 years ago to build blocklists for custom firewalls. > "My biggest problem with it is that the "advanced" operators are extremely buggy. Quotes and minus sometimes seem to be treated more as suggestions than requirements. Other times they return no results when omitting them returns results that should match. Sometimes a term with a minus is instead treated like there's no minus, i.e. ranking results with that word higher. This seems to have gotten worse over time." This is the exact explanation of why I moved away from Google. My searching trends toward very specific terms. >2 years ago, Google started ignoring my boolean operands. It became increasingly difficult to craft a boolean search that Google would actually respect. I finally bailed 6 months ago. By that time, using a minus sign often returned nothing but the results I was trying to avoid. I'm pretty sure Light Vertigo has never been trendy. Tons of folks have used Dark Mode browser extensions for years to stave off the nausea from bright white layouts (and overly-lit rooms!). For us, the widespread adaptation of Dark Mode has been a God-send. Turning down brightness and contrast only works so far. The 'more deaths' conclusion comes from cherry picking the only data that might support red light cameras. The reality is that red light cameras do great deal of harm with increased accidents overall which means a greater number of injuries and property damage. https://phys.org/news/2018-07-red-light-cameras-dont-traffic... Folks who like red light cameras and the profit they bring are perfectly fine the wrecked lives that come with them. That's where but not how. "This trap consists of a particular data pattern. Only with the help of special code is it possible to read this pattern." This is the key part of the story & it's totally unexplained. The blogger "Tony" just dropped it in there with no vetting at all, as if the method was self evident. Such is news in the new millennia. The claim could just be bullcrap. Atari would have known that courts are tech-illiterate and the defendant might not have shown up for the hearings.