Its based on the idea of an artist in residence (Wikipedia: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Artist-in-residence ). Another odd travel related residency is Heathrow's writer-in-residence: http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-london-14371775 . The idea of the artist in residence is to get away from one's daily routines and environment into a new and enriching environment for the artist. Its not a "get from point A to point B" that they're giving away its a "experience riding around the US on the railway and talk with the people who are on the train or see the scenery so that you can become a better writer." The start and end of the trip are purely coincidental. As to if its less expensive than tickets: section 10 of the official terms shows what will be given: a travel voucher for 1 person on a sleeper train for between 2 to 5 days that would be worth about $900. The key here is given - free is much less than the cost of tickets. The wayback machine begs to differ: http://web.archive.org/web/20070525044536/http://mtgox.com/g... -- now, if the codebase was the same as it was when that page was hosted and today, I can't say. According to Andy Chou of Coverity on Twitter https://twitter.com/_achou/status/454287263917043712 - "We looked at the code and it turns out the bug is caused by something we don't currently detect." and then goes on to say "But we're going to look into it further. In cases like this it is not only about finding the defect it's also about not flagging hundreds/thousands of false positives at the same time" So no, Coverity wouldn't find it. You might want to look at Stack Overflow's younger sibling(? child? cousin?) - http://programmers.stackexchange.com/ which is intended for the design type questions rather than the code type questions. Realizing that these softer questions are very likely to stray into the discussion and debate realm the caretaker community of programmers.se can be very active in closing the questions (also with only ~50 questions/day, one can look at every question each day). The exact phrasing of the "Should I use NoSQL or an ACID based approach..." question would likely run into this and cite the Gorilla vs Shark blog post ( http://blog.stackoverflow.com/2011/08/gorilla-vs-shark/ ) and close the question as a recommendation question. However, if you went through and wrote it "Here is my problem, here is my design, here are the potential issues that I see with that design, would switching the database from A to B solve these issues without creating worse new ones?" it would likely be a question that remains open. Programmers.SE really does try for a higher threshold of quality than stack overflow in that with higher quality questions it is possible to attract people who will give high quality answers. One bit to note is that with a small amount of reputation on any stack exchange site, someone can get into the chat part of the site (the minimum rep is to keep the spammers out) where discussions are completely appropriate. All of the Stack Exchange sites are designed around the "problem and solution" model. Furthermore, the model was designed to avoid some issues of the scale of community by making discussion difficult and not appropriate. To that end, I'd suggest reading A Group Is Its Own Worst Enemy http://www.shirky.com/writings/group_enemy.html Much of the problems that Stack Overflow in particular is facing (compared to the smaller stack exchange sites) is a clash between the core group (read that group article) and the endless september. It saddens me, but I do believe the endless september is winning in that the core group lacks the numbers or the tool to properly defend itself within the system. There are some things built into the DNA of the system. Dowvnotes are there and an early blog post addresses that - http://blog.stackoverflow.com/2009/03/the-value-of-downvotin... Note that down votes are a key part of what drives a number of automatic scripts that clean up things. * People who waste too much of the communities time (asking poor questions that get closed and down voted ) get question banned - driven strongly impart by down votes. * Closed questions that have a negative score and no answers with a positive score get deleted after a bit over a week. (If people complain about how much crud there is, one should look at how much crud gets automatically deleted). * A down voted question helps signal to people reading to not waste their time reading it because its not useful. When you've got 8000 questions/day, someone saying "don't bother with this" can save you a bit of time reading it. For smaller communities where a person who wastes your time can get addressed through individual moderator attention. Where there are 8k questions per day asked by a similar number of people, you can't have every moderator address each poor question and time wasting troll. It is for this that simple down votes can help drive the automated system when there is enough signal that the person is wasting everyone's time without involving moderators. Update: So, because of how the system was designed, it isn't something that one can easily go back to and change (and remove down votes). Its part of the software and the culture of the group and the two are inseparable - the technological and social part of the community is tightly interwoven. Further reading on this at http://www.shirky.com/writings/group_enemy.html