I would put this more on the reporter. He knew full well what the plan was, and chose to put himself in the situation voluntarily. I suspect there's also a bit of embellishment going on. Because the language of the GPL is highly centered around "linking", a GPL operating system doesn't present the same kind of corporate use/acceptance/etc issues as a GPL app or library. GPLV2: "This General Public License does not permit incorporating your program into proprietary programs. If your program is a subroutine library, you may consider it more useful to permit linking proprietary applications with the library" Consider that perhaps I'm not an idiot. Regardless of pedantry, a GPL OS does not raise the same kinds of issues for a typical corporation that a GPL library or application does. I see the downvotes. Funny, because this really is the part of the GPL that stirs up controversy at corporations. Yes, it doesn't say "linking" exactly. It talks about "derivative works". Then, the FSF, separately, says that linking to a GPL library (or integrating into a GPL program) is a derivative work. See: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_General_Public_License (Check the "Linking and Derived Works" section) Or, have a look at the LGPL, created specifically to address this problem. Note that the FSF isn't thrilled about the LGPL. That's the big driver behind why a GPL OS doesn't create the kind of stir in a corporation that a GPL app or library does. Not saying it's right or wrong, just pointing out the difference. I'm not sure there's a reasonable way past the "Napoleon Dynamite Problem". They mentioned, in the article, other movies where it's difficult to predict if someone would like them or not. The list was “I Heart Huckabees,” “Lost in Translation,” “Fahrenheit 9/11,” “The Life Aquatic With Steve Zissou,” “Kill Bill: Volume 1” and “Sideways.” Personally, the common thread I see across those is that the viewer would be more likely to enjoy the movie if they had the right context. Kill Bill, for example, is far easier to enjoy if you've seen (not necessarily liked...but have seen) cheesy old Kung Fu / Karate movies. Napoleon Dynamite is easier to appreciate if you were socially awkward yourself in high school. There's also some humor in there that's more relevant if you were a kid in the 80's, as well as some humor that might make more sense if you lived somewhere rural, or even more specifically, rural Idaho/Utah/Wisconsin. All that to say that Netflix may not have enough data at their disposal to know if you have the right context to enjoy movies that almost require it.