FYI: Big Ball of Mud has two meanings. The one author uses and Lisp meaning. "APL is like a beautiful diamond - flawless, beautifully symmetrical. But you can't add anything to it. If you try to glue on another diamond, you don't get a bigger diamond. Lisp is like a ball of mud. Add more and it's still a ball of mud - it still looks like Lisp." - unknown (alternatively Lisp is bean bag because it always returns to its original shape) He uses big ball of mud is a software system that lacks a perceivable architecture. Lisp BBoM is not lacking architecture. In the Lisp use of the term it means that you can extend the system incredibly without losing the "Lispiness". It looks and feels the same after extensions (if those extensions are done right). In Lisp building complex framework don't suddenly turn your programming xml-file configuration and annotating for code generators. This infographic gets metric prefix wrong. Kilobyte 1000 bytes, symbol: kB Kilobyte (kibibyte) for 1024 bytes, symbol: KB or KiB Same for all other prefixes. Kafkaesque. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kafkaesque#Legacy I think this might be good time to mention HiBase and Shades projects and related research for data structures and functional programming environments. http://www.cs.hut.fi/~siva/hibase/ HiBase was project funded by Nokia. The Goal was to develop a persistent functional programming environment with for telecom environments. The reason why it was functional was the observation that in functional programming environment you can model data as graph where references point only backwards in time. In other words, if you just constantly write your data into the database and have smart GC, you can recover very fast from crashes. Just like telecom environment likes it. The project was canceled, some say for reasons to do with internal company politics, but it showed huge promise. It was already 10X faster than competing commercial databases that were tweaked by their developers to perform well in testing.