Good APIs are like good code. You don't want to get creative. Instead, you want the API to be usable by being immediately familiar. Follow the lead of popular, well-designed APIs (Parse and Twilio come to mind). You should follow a predictable pattern, which minimizes the amount of time required to learn your API. For example, if your endpoints are in the "/[noun]/[verb].json" scheme, then you should stick to that all the way through. I suggest starting out by strictly adhering to REST standards, and then choose areas where you want to be flexible to increase usability (allowing POST calls to be overridden and interpreted as PUT calls, for example). Check out this checklist: https://mathieu.fenniak.net/the-api-checklist/ I can also enthusiastically recommend Apiary ( https://apiary.io ) for designing and mocking up your API. It's absolutely fantastic. PayPal is accepted in the Play Store. Do some research. You've seen GoldenEye too many times. Evil is selfish, not indiscriminate. Terrorists generally want control over some general area (or their own lives). They don't want to destroy human society. Society is what gives them food, shelter, and all the other things people like to have. What you're describing would take not just one person who wanted to destroy all of human society, but quite a few of them. I'm resisting the urge to offer you a tinfoil hat or ask if you're joking. Instead, I'm going to reason through this. The scenario you describe is unlikely. Before such a global catastrophe happens, it's likely that a smaller catastrophe will happen. Like the Titanic, the world will be shocked into preventative action. Governments will make laws. After that, the difficulty in collecting such massive amounts of information will be greater than the value in that information. Even now, requiring proper software security practices would prevent information-theft from being a viable business. You might get the occasional massive haul, but it wouldn't be an epidemic. Vladimir Putin is mad. He has done much madder things in recent months and years.