To me, those aren't really signs of growth, other than being able to take a punch. 1. Writing a professional product, from scratch to completion, by yourself or as a team lead, while doing every aspect of the project: BA, PM, design, architecture, server install, data model (if applicable), code, comments, documentation, QA, deployment, support. 2. Pick up a complete mess that someone else wrote, who is no longer available. Read it, really understand it, and be able to refactor it into something worth while. As stated, most of the things the OP listed are really just academic and he should have done those in school, as they have been done as nausium. Rarely do you need to do those anymore. That's unsettling. When I earned my MIS degree (with a bunch of CS courses) in 1997, you had the opportunity to get a great education, but you also had an opportunity to coast by. Back then, everything was done in "teams." You had people who took the bull by the horns, and you had people who were trying not to drown. C's get degrees, as we used to say. Now, learning people with MS in CS have the same issues is what's really jarring. There were so many weed-out courses in BS CS, I couldn't imagine someone getting as far as a MS CS without knowing the basics. Having said that, I earned most of my chops on "the street," with a great mentor many years ago. We really challenged each other want wanted to show each other how smart we were. Good times. Do you know where they got their degree? ITT Tech or something? I assuming you mean writing all the business logic in stored procs and functions. Every time I've seen this, it ended up horribly. I use the database for storage and data validation only. I write a middle tier for the business logic, and of course the front end layer. I'm not saying it can't been done well, but it poses enough problems that are difficult to avoid, like calling an external web service inside a stored procedure, and the general mess of maintaining a bunch of chained stored procedures, functions. It also guarantees vendor lock-in. >Except now I have to jump through hoops with HR (let's just assume they'd be OK with this, which they almost certainly won't), get the contract in place, work with IT to get your environment set up, and bring you up to speed (so really I may get one full day of actual work)... just to realize that I don't want to hire you. There are two major reveals in that sentence. One, HR rules your hiring practice and therefore you and your department, and you just advise them. Two, your company is so soul-suckingly bureaucratic, I couldn't imagine a good, creative, problem solving developer would ever want to work there. Both are red flags. Hah. I was thinking that too. While I was reading the article, I was thinking about how I would do it. Then I read the wall of text that was the ideal solutions and thought, "wow, what the hell are coders doing these days?"