Is there any other language that encodes its error messages so they are 100% XSS safe? I would assume somebody in FB just said the lawyers "this guy is using our API in a way we do not condone, send him C&D so he would stop" and the lawyers made it as broad as possible since if they make it too broad nothing bad happens but if it's too narrow and the guy finds a way to wiggle around it it's their fail. Nobody in FB probably cares if the same guy would ever post a status on FB or share a picture of lolcats. They just wanted the plugin to be removed. If they also spread some fear around so nobody else does it too - it's even better for them, even though it's not what they probably cared about too much. So if such corporation would be public and it would oppose, say, SOPA and I believed SOPA creates great public benefit and owned shares of such corporation, I could sue it for not promoting the public benefit and actually force the company to come out and support SOPA? How that makes any sense? And how the courts would even decide such case - no legal definition of public benefit exists or even possible? If you wanted to make profits and to build a better world, what prevented you from setting a regular company and a charity and have the former donate to the latter? A lot of people donate millions of dollars this way. It looks like it's one of those feel-good laws that everybody pats themselves on the backs about how they promoted public benefit and nobody even thinks about how it would work or what would be the consequences... The thing here is that if they can claim good faith and it is a protection for them, then the whole setup is meaningless - they could always claim "we thought it's a good idea" even if shareholders think it's a terrible one. Public good is a matter of opinion, and anybody can claim any opinion. If, however, this provision is not toothless and useless, then I don't see how it can not create additional potential liability. Of course, it can play both ways - i.e. the management can both claim public good as defense for controversial actions and be attacked on public good grounds for them. It's just an additional complication, compounded by absence of any clarity on the question of what the said good is. It is telling that your document does not give a clear answer to the question of additional liability, basically saying "we're reducing liability, no, wait, we're increasing it and it's a good thing!". That's pretty messed up that people trying to start a business in America are considered criminals. Then again, it's not with the visas only - even being fully legal resident or citizen, you still need papers and permits and licenses to do business, or you're a criminal. It's like they go out of their way to discourage people from doing business.