I'd agree with you, if we were talking about something that is even slightly complicated. But it's not. Searching with the old-school Google syntax is asking the question "what documents contain these words X Y Z?". It's not that hard, in fact very easy, to wrap your head around that. It's easier than looking up a phonenumber in the phonebook, or a business in the Yellow Pages. It's even easier than using the term index in the back of a book. While asking a question might be easier than that still, it also has disadvantages. It's impossible to ask an exact question on a very specific subject. Try it in real life. You'll find you need context, or at least a series of back and forth questions to arrive at the answer you want to have. If a search engine would implement the same method, any advantage from using questions over a conjunction of terms is negated. People would get tired of typing long question phrases, and unless the natural language processing of the search engine is absolutely perfect, they'd get pretty frustrated quickly because the search engine would interpret some of the questions wrongly. For simple queries like "where can i find a recipe for blueberry pie?" or "what is the capital of Denmark?", we already have seen search engines can do this pretty well. For anything more complicated, they fail sometimes, if not most of the time. It's not that hard for people to search "recipe blueberry pie" or "capital Denmark" as you think, either. People can get used to barking commands like this quite easily. Look at Star Trek ("earl grey, hot") or many other scifi series featuring a semi-intelligent computer. People almost expect it to communicate in terse phrases like that. The big advantage, also for the layman, is that a conjunctive term query will nearly always yield the result they were expecting, because it doesn't leave much room for ambiguity. And if it does, it's when query terms hit a range of documents that weren't intended, but still match, again I refer to scifi, as well as fantasy, it may be frustrating, but it's also somewhat endearing (putting the user in a position of superiority) in the sense of an intelligent robot taking a request too literally. Or a genie in a bottle. Or an ET alien. Or commander Data. Or whatever. On the other hand, if the computer interprets a full question in the wrong way, people get more annoyed, because the "too literal" explanation doesn't work here, after all, you typed a complete sentence, it should be obvious what you meant, right? So instead, people get the idea that the computer is simply not listening. And that makes it a lot harder to come up with a "better" question that would give them the answer they need. Now, of course, as soon as search engines are able to do perfect language processing, as well as guessing a whole lot of additional clues from whatever bits of context they can get, typing questions into a search engine might be the better and easiest way. But natural language processing isn't really going there any time soon. Just look at the search engines that try this, how well they are doing now compared to how well they were doing 5 years ago, and there's not much progress made. On the other hand, in the area of text-query processing, organising of data, cataloguing data, we have made tons and tons of progress. There's tagging, social network friends recommendation, and vastly superior methods of indexing large amounts of text documents for logical queries. > In search engines, it's more valuable for your users to not have to learn how your algorithm works in order to craft a search query that will satisfy their needs. Well, yes. But in this case it's not an algorithm. You just ask it for documents containing your search terms. It's about as straightforward as it gets. It's not computer programming, it's not even doing long divisions or whatever. You can't seriously assume that method of searching is going to completely stump anyone. > It's valuable to be able to use natural language to search. Maybe you're forgetting here that not the entire world speaks English. Unless your natural language search engine is able to understand nearly every language in the world, you're still forcing the users to formulate a query in English. And I'm willing to argue that for, say, your average middle-aged German, formulating a query in English is going to pose a much bigger problem than doing a conjunctive term search, as the latter carries transparently to most languages in the world. (not all of them--I should check which ones btw--but even in those cases it's not nearly as difficult to find a fix for that than it would be to somehow port your brilliant semantic context analysis engine to be able to speak yet another completely different language). Give it a couple of decades, maybe we'll have usable NLP then, but before that time, I am convinced that even for the layman, searching for documents to contain certain terms is a lot more straightforward, likely to yield desired results and in quite a few ways actually easier to use than what has to pass for NLP currently. > BitTorrent is to movies what "bolt-cutters are to stealing bicycles" ummmmmm ... how does this analogy work? Bolt-cutters are to stealing bicycles , a tool that facilitates and simplifies an activity. So the analogy goes, BitTorrent facilitates and simplifies movies . I think they left out a verb and meant to say " BitTorrent is to watching movies what bolt-cutters are to stealing bicycles". I dig--if you're going to use an informal expression and risk being completely dated within half a decade, why not pre-empt the retro wave with WHY ELSE IS THIS GROOVY? > the time taken to compute the additional hash functions outweighs any gains in performance. Sounds like you're using the wrong hash functions. Are you using secure cryptographic hash functions perchance? (such as MD5, SHA, etc) Because they're not intended for use in data structures. Most data structure algorithms just require a hash function with good avalanche behaviour and a statistically even bit dispersion. The FNV hash will do this for you with just a MUL and a XOR per byte, which is (rough guess) at least 100 times faster than SHA. FNV hash ( http://www.isthe.com/chongo/tech/comp/fnv/ ) it's super-effective!