It also assumes all bots are intending malice. Some advertisers automatically trigger videos on sites so they can review/categorize the content (see if it's porn). They do that with the intent of making ad purchases, so it's actually desirable bot traffic. But then you'd be able to reduce things down to a relatively short writing curriculum. Many university courses involve writing, but they are not primarily designed to improve students writing. Some universities force students who are behind in writing to take courses to catch up before they can even enroll in the normal liberal arts classes. You have to be decent at writing before they'll even let you read Foucalt. Things seem extremely nice in go when you start out in go and see "go get", but then you'll quickly ram into not wanting the latest master, and then get extremely puzzled about how to do library dependencies. I wish I saw some sort of consensus on library dependencies in that thread. Too much of our work build relies on setup scripts. I have to disagree with the definition: "A recommendation engine is a feature (not a product) that filters items by predicting how a user might rate them." The feature bit is correct, but the rating bit might not be. People very often give high ratings to things they are not interested in. People may highly rate jewelry that they cannot afford, or give a five star rating to a movies considered classics, that they don't actually want to view. What you are trying to optimize is ultimately purchasing, continued subscription, ad views, or some other profit metric. That can be hard to directly measure, so something like ratings can be a stand in, but you may accidentally optimize for something deeply undesirable like recommending expensive jewelry to everyone that they will never buy. Business owners would love if there were some exam which accurately informed them about who to hire, and there has been no shortage of attempts to create such a thing. The problem is, most of the characteristics needed seem to be things we don't understand, or don't know how to quantify. Greatly complicating things is the fact that you often don't need to know anything in particular to succeed. There is no shortage of people who learned on the job and became successful. Filtering out such people with an exam may badly damage your hiring.