I wrote a paper on what we thought was the optimal strategy for the beer game. My team won a beer game session run at the system dynamics society conference about 10 years ago. 1. Push all the inventory to the end of the supply chain (the retailer). 2. Run the inside of the supply chain on a "pass-through" strategy - order exactly what is known to be coming down the supply chain on that turn. 3. Use a control algorithm based on the outflows from the retailer to control production at the factory (the factory player has to watch the retailer's inventory closely). The best parameters for the control system depend on the exact demand deck. I can only speak to HFT. For dev roles, Python experts (emphasis on expert) and experts in modern C++ have the easiest time. C experts and systems programmers with assembly expertise can also find a job, but the market is smaller for them (although higher-paying). OS-level and systems programming are valuable. Understanding computer architecture is important, and computer systems as well. Credentials are an important filtering mechanism for them, so if you didn't go to a top 10 school, your resume needs to make up for it (or you need to be a very experienced hire). Working at a FAANG company or a bank doesn't necessarily make up for not going to a top school. Successful devs at HFTs usually have a ~50-hour workweek or are very efficient programmers. Nobody intentionally includes security vulnerabilities in a product. This is something that Doordash knows they are doing and have decided to do, not something they are doing accidentally. Even taking a negligent security posture is not the same as intentionally including a flaw. Remember that many US states are the size of European countries. This is the same deal that many countries in Europe have: subsidized tuition for residents. Also, a lot of state systems have good schools: UC Berkeley, UMass Amherst, UIUC, UT Austin, and UW Madison come to mind. I'm also in NYC. If AirBnB went under, the real estate market here would be in deep trouble.