I'd say it's more of a security concern than anything. The thinking being that you don't want a potentially disgruntled employee with little to potentially lose have access to your systems. If you're interested in the big data side of things there's Spark ( http://spark.apache.org/ ) and MLlib for it ( http://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/ml-guide.html ). H20 ( http://www.h2o.ai/ ) also provides ML algorithms on top of Spark (and I think independent of Spark as well, not sure of the current status). These are all written on the JVM either in Scala (Spark) or Java (H20). The first question is what you want out of life, do you want to be manager, and executive, a technical lead or do you want to be purely technical? All four offer promotion paths at large and (increasingly) small companies although staying technical will hit an age issue eventually. They are also very different tracks. That said, it sounds like you want to be an executive and let's say one at a larger company (ie: not a paper executive but an actual one). The skills you need for that are going to be leadership, management, charisma, politics, and networking. Since you're not going the technical track your technical skills are secondary at best. You want a nice title on your resume so pick a top company and join there. Find a manager who is not afraid of your ambition (a career middle manager will likely be, find someone with ambition), act like a leader and get promoted. This will give you pedigree while also teaching you about politics and management. You will eventually hit diminishing returns. Then, like the people you mentioned, jump to a startup as one of the founders or the person running it. This will teach you how to be a standalone leader, build up a network, and give you some executive-ish experience. It's vital you have the skills at this point to impress people at first impressions and maintain a networking relationship with them. Then either get acquired by a larger company or switch after a while using your network to find the new position. That's nothing new, if you pay $1million (or $500k depending on the area of investment) then you can essentially get a green card as it is: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/EB-5_visa That seems a pretty standard stack, I don't know about twitter but I can say why I'd use them in my experience: 5. SQL variants: This is where you keep your source of truth data needed to serve request. It's flexible, reliable but moderately fast. The backbone of your infrastructure and you can consider everything else as enhancements to it to overcome specific limitations. 4. Blobstore: Your SQL database is not going to be good at storing large binary blobs such as files or images. 3. Redis/Memcache: Your SQL database may be too slow for some requests and/or it's data model may require too much work in the API layer to align with the final presentation model. So you want a blazing fast store that you can use for that final presentation view when requests don't differ from each other. 2. Graph: SQL databases aren't the best for graph queries or data (I mean you can hack it but it's going to be slower and uglier code wise) so if you need to look at data as a graph something dedicated makes sense. 1. Hadoop: You're getting lot's of log data from users, what they do, when they do it and so on. You want to analyze this data, build models (who to recommend for people to follow for example) and use it to probably serve ads (gotta pay the bills somehow). You could put this in SQL but it's a lot of data and you'll be doing a lot of read requests which will end up being slow and messy in SQL. Hadoop, on the other hand, is well suited for this type of data and workload. Large slow read heavy queries on data that is appended to but not modified in place.