> but gecko was also around before KHTML. Actually, KHTML pre-dates even Gecko, given that it descended from the "KDE HTML Widget" KHTMLW. Even in 1997 this library was being developed (example email: http://marc.info/?l=kde-devel&m=88665877914652&w=3 ) By 2002 or whenever Gecko was more widely used than KHTML but that doesn't really matter because it was harder to integrate into Apple's code. Apple even had to go so far as to write a KDE/Qt wrapper layer (KWQ IIRC) and it was still less work than integrating/fixing Gecko. As another example, the lead Safari dev, David Hyatt is famous for (among other things) co-starting the Firefox project (called Phoenix at the time) so it is a very large stretch to claim that Apple simply ignored the better choice. Hyatt would have to go way out of his comfort zone to adopt something other than Gecko, and the fact that he did so anyways should say something... > If I'm not mistaken they're not general purpose computers. If they were what would be the point? Why not use a math coprocessor? They are not general-purpose, but that doesn't mean they're not easily re-programmable either. Consider the example of GPUs. I want to say some SNES games used a DSP chip, there are several known to emulator authors, including two versions that used the exact same hardware with different microcode (and therefore different abilities). So it's been done before at least. > However, spinning it off (as some are suggesting in the comment thread) has major difficulties. In particular, since buying Trolltech, Nokia has LGPLed Qt. That seems to me to drastically change the situation for prospective commercial licensing, as companies can ship commercial, proprietary products with Qt without paying licensing fees. How would Trolltech 2.0 make money? The business model would have to be different, that much is true. But where does the funding come from now for GTK+ for instance? Or the Linux kernel? There are enough Qt-using companies out there that maintaining and improving Qt should not be an issue if it is divested from Nokia. The concern would be making sure there is a neutral platform for the companies that contribute. As a KDE developer myself, I have to admit to being very disappointed by the very first section regarding the development of the StatusNotifier specification. Dave complains that there was no problem statement, points out a quote relating to D-Bus, and somehow still entirely misses the point even after claiming to have read through the threads relating to the proposed spec. The problem statement is easy : Have a way of separating notification items and applications, such that the notification item is part of the desktop and not part of the application. In other words, XEmbed sucks as a way to have notification items in a system tray. Anyone who has ever used e.g. GAIM in a KDE 3.5 desktop with a pixmap background knows exactly what I'm talking about, as GAIM's icon would show up as an ugly box with an icon inside, while the KDE application's would have a notification item with a properly transparent icon drawn. Claiming that the entire idea was merely to hook up notifications into D-Bus is so far afield that it mystifies me completely, and claiming that no one has ever had issues because of this is patently false. In fact, the VERY EMAIL [1] that Dave quotes has an actual problem statement directly before it: In the past few months in KDE we worked on a new way to represent the systemtray icons to overcome the following limitations: -lack of communication between the systemtray area and the items, that mean we don't know about their status, their importance of if they are being used or not -the xembed process is quite slow and doesn't give control to the systray on the paining -it's not possible to have more than one systray (useful in multi monitor setups) I know this because I actually bothered to use GTK+ and GNOME software even with my KDE desktop, but now I wonder if Dave has ever tried the opposite. I also was passively watching the threads as they happened back in the day, and stating that there was disagreement due simply to lack of a problem statement would be flatly false. Dave then goes on to accuse Aaron Seigo and Marco Martin of being obstinate in their positions by that point, which simply does not mesh at all with my memory of things. For instance, A GNOME Panel hacker named Frederic Peters mentioned that it would be nice to be able to merge launchers with notification icons [2], an idea that was warmly received, not thrown out [3]. In addition, given that the implementation changed several times during just the KDE implementation period, there would have been no major problems with even incompatible changes to fix problems. For instance Aaron Seigo in reply to Dan Winship recommending a different way to send notification signals over D-Bus mentioned: "yes, this is a nice idea for limiting the bus traffic. would require an incompatible change to the spec, but it is doable." [4] I'll read the rest of the article, but if this is the kind of "uncontroversial" fact stating that's going to be going on then I'll probably just unsubscribe from the xdg list and get on with my KDE developing life... [1] http://lists.freedesktop.org/archives/xdg/2009-September/011... [2] http://lists.freedesktop.org/archives/xdg/2009-September/011... [3] http://lists.freedesktop.org/archives/xdg/2009-September/011... [4] http://lists.freedesktop.org/archives/xdg/2010-January/01122... True, although in fairness it's a fairly weak beta emitter. The 100,000 picocuries of Potassium-40 your body has emits betas that are about 120 times more energetic, or sometimes emits gamma rays instead. Probably better to not get exposed to tritium all other things being equal but you would receive more damage from radioactivity IMO inhaling someone's cigarette smoke. I suppose this depends on exactly how much tritium is present in the steam that was vented. The original engineer also left out the many other radionuclides that are created that don't break down instantly, but his points about filtering most contaminants out before they are vented, and their destination of the vast Pacific Ocean is right on target.