What do you envision as the use case for this? You are not insane, but if you don't have a specific use in mind, you're bordering on being an architecture astronaut. Simple scheme implementations sans closures/callcc exist in ridiculously short amounts of code (100 lines or so), for just about any underlying language. But none of them is very useful. An interpreter such as you describe is practically guaranteed to make this too slow for any real use. It is my opinion that non of the "memory-to-memory" tasks is holding any better language back; if anything, it's accessing the real world and/or accessing other systems. The tasks you listed are usually available with a new language as part of its standard library, albeit not feature complete or with a standard interface. An implementation such as you suggested may provide a feature complete, standardised solution -- however, it will not be convenient due to "impedance mismatch" (differing object models / storage models / needed conversions back and from, etc). Validating an email address is all good, but without shelling out to /usr/bin/mail or tcp access, you can't actually send it -- and whatever you use for actually sending it probably has a validator already. Parsing, specifically (most of your examples) has relatively good language agnostic support in such things as the GOLD parser --- and yet, it always loses in convenience to a system that lets you embed implementation language constructs, such as yacc / lex / ometa / antlr / lemon and friends. Sorry for being a little non constructive, but I think that without a concrete, specific use case that clearly demonstrates an advantage, this project may be interesting philosophically, but useless in practice. When you work out an example compare: (cost of implementing said feature from scratch in a new language) to (cost of implementing interpreter + conversions from language + conversion of results back to language idioms + ... + in each language + 1/6 feature (amortized over 6 languages)). Take into account unicode and charset handling because you value correctness above all. I think you'll find it hard to justify. What are those languages somewhat devoid of libraries, and what is the large body of methods that can actually fit in this list of yours that you believe are holding language adoption back? I surely lack breadth of knowledge and imagination, but I can't come up with these lists. Back in '2000 or so, there were approximately 40 products in that space - I counted because I was working on one. They all required some form of download - and non of them got critical mass. Odigo Communicator; ICQ Surf; Zadu; Hypernix Gooey; Cahoots GetWebby; and a whole lot more. Also, there was an IE addin called 3rd voice that let you annotate a site for others. I wonder if now is a better time for this kind of products. There is so much contradicting evidence that it's not even funny. read Gary Taubes, Michel Cabanac, Seth Roberts. Do you know how the magical "1g protein = 4kcal, 1g carbohydrate = 4kcal, 1g fat = 9kcal" numbers were reached? Hint: They were never measured in vivo, or in vitro cells -- the follow from a very fragile theory, which breaks in every way you look at it -- and yet, it's considered "science. His diet as presented doesn't, but if you read his research notes (specifically, read through "what makes food fattening?") you'll see his own personal evidence/anecdote for this, and how it sits with other results. (But basically, beyond his own anecdote and theory which does not imply or contradict anything about calories, he mostly channels and enhances Cabanac and Israel)