Yes, but if you solve that problem, it implicitly means that you have a fingerprint of me that can be correlated across the web. So, next time I access a different game, someone can know that I'm the same person who bought the original, and perhaps try to persuade me based on that. Whether anyone does so or not is irrelevant - the only way I can try to ensure it doesn't happen is to try to never leak this data about myself. And how are PPAs fundamentally different from downloading a Windows installer from the Internet? If I download the installer from the maintainer's site, there's 0 risk (assuming HTTPS). And the site giving the PPA link is just as likely to be a phishing site as the the one serving some exe. Except browsers will sometimes warn on strange executables, whereas none do on misleading PPA links. > Many languages don't have an IDE. Many are not suitable for one (especially ones closer to Lisp on expressiveness spectrum). This is a minor point of your comment, but I'd like to refute it: Lispers actually often cite IDE integration as one of the great features of Lisp. It may have lost pace a bit with some of the very best modern ones, but Lisps have had "modern" IDEs since about the 70s or 80s, with stuff like jumping to function definitions, finding usages of a function, looking up the docs etc. Even better, this is usually a part of the language runtime (predating most other language servers by quite a bit), so it can even apply to dynamic uses. On the one hand, giving disabled people some activity that helps them be independent and care for themselves sounds great! On the other hand, the idea that this could become a weapon against disabled people (why are you staying on benefits? go out and get a job for yourself, you lazy paraplegic!) is... scary. Especially given that it sounds mostly like a marketing gimmick, and that the very thing allowing them to interact with the world is not their own, but property of the store owners - i.e. they can't take the robot and move to a different caffe, they are tied to the benevolence of their boss. Overall, this is much more distopic than utopic, and should be discouraged in this form; but the technology is interesting and could be an asset in the lives of many people. The problem is also that Lambda works really poorly with anything that is NOT Cognito and DynamoDB. For example, we were using some CouchBase we deployed ourselves - however, that meant that the Lambda now had a network interface in a private subnet, and start times skyrocketed, especially for concurrent access. When we also started doing our own authentication with yet another Lambda, request times for cold lambdas (which also means every new concurrent connection, remember) almost doubled. There's also the fact that most of the code isn't really gone, it's just transformed from web server logic to lambda deployment/configuration logic. The biggest win all told seems to be security - at least with Lambda you don't need to worry about staying on top of OS updates and the likes. I'm not at all convinced that we gained much of anything else. Oh, and one thing that's rarely discussed is how much development&qa costs skyrocket when you have a larger team developing a fully serverless application, each with their own setup and running a few performance tests every few months...