That problem of "negative moves" is solved by the Chinese rules. A point is scored under them for each surrounded intersection plus each stone on the board. So you can defend any supposed weakness without losing points (you still lose sente and points if you needlessly defend when the score is not settled yet). You can even reduce your territories to two eyes each if you feel like. By the way, the Chinese rules let solve neatly all those cases handled by special rules in the Japanese rules. The bent four in the corner is the most notable one. Playing it out with the Chinese rules is a neat explanation why that corner is defined to be dead: the surrounding player defends any weakness without losing points and starts the ko. The other player has no ko threats and dies. Those defensive moves lose points under the Japanese rules so they have to make a special rule for that shape and many others. The only problem with the Chinese rules is that scoring takes longer and completely destroy the shape of the game: you fill in the territory of one player, take out the other's stones and count by grouping the stones in convenient shapes. Furthermore if you want to count during play you must remember how many stones have been captured because prisoners are returned to their bowl and are not stored in plain view (the score penalty is paid by not having those stoned on the board). Japanese rules are a shortcut that makes scoring easy but the tradeoff is the dictionary of special cases at the end of the game. I did something similar more than 20 years ago using Prim's algorithm for the minimal spanning tree. Spanning trees are not the most efficient way to generate a maze but I was studying CS and the maze generation was a good incentive to actually translate the textbook pseudocode into actual C (without the ++). I didn't do the fancy tree animation but you'll excuse me as all I had was a 80x25 ASCII terminal so it was probably a 40x12 maze :-) However I added a nethack style @ character and the hjkl keys to move from the entrance to the exit in the shorter time plus a leaderboard shared across all the users of our Unix system. Our terminals had a repeat key (i.e. keys didn't autorepeat, you had to press the repeat key as if it were a shift to make a key repeat) and that added to dexterity required to go through the maze quickly. The fastest time was in the 5-6 seconds range. I'm afraid the source algorithm has been lost on some tape long ago. HP Zbook 15 with Ubuntu here. Boot to an empty desktop: 15 seconds, typing the password included. I timed that days ago out of curiosity. Resume from suspend to RAM: maybe 2 seconds to the password prompt, plus all my programs are open and in the state I left them before suspending. I never tried hybernating to disk but I bet moving 16 GB of RAM back and forth to disk wouldn't be as fast, even to SSD (I got a dual disk system SSD+HD). I had enough syntax errors appearing after a copy and paste that ended up with difficult to spot unaligned code that I decided to use Python only for little scripts and when I'm forced to use it and nothing else would do. The problem with Python is that editors don't have hints to autoalign the code for us. Same problem with templating languages like HAML and Slim which, oh the irony, were born for Rails. Nevertheless many people like Python and it's growing strong (maybe stronger as system/desktop language than for the web) so those problems of mine are not as big as I feel they are. But how do you survive to them or make them not happen? I'm sincerely interested. I agree. go: about 2,550,000,000 results. go language: about 3,630,000,000 results. golang: about 1,950,000 results. I wish the poster published the Google query strings he used because I get very different results. Examples: gorest: 984,000 results vs 6580 in the post. ruby on rails: 11,900,000 vs 258,000.