Anyone who thinks using wolfram alpha for math is cheating has never tried using it for non-trivial calculations. Yeah, it will save you the time of looking up an integral from a table, but it's worthless if the integral isn't in a standard table. It will save you time on looking up the equation for the area of a dodecagon, but it won't prove that equation. It will save you time figuring out the units of the final answer, but it won't tell you if those units are logical. Wolfram alpha only saves people from the tedious busywork of basic arithmetic and algebra, the user still needs to do all the math. Facebook is merely one of the many successors to Friendster, which in turn descends from such social platforms as Geocities and Usenet. Facebook managed to emerge as a major social network by occupying a specific niche, namely it was exclusively for college elites. By the time it branched out enough that anyone could join, and thus sought to topple myspace, it already had a huge userbase filled with socially influential people. Plenty of other social networks have also popped up and become wildly popular: twitter, instagram, snapchat, reddit, tumblr, pinterest, etc. None of them are clones of facebook, but they are as similar to facebook as facebook was to myspace when it launched. No one is going to switch to a new social network that none of their friends are on unless that new network offers some valuable feature that the original fundamentally lacks. Just look at Orkut: it was a perfect facebook clone with the backing of goolge that became wildly popular in places where facebook hadn't yet become predominant, like Brazil, but it couldn't topple facebook in established markets because no one had friends already on orkut. Google tried and failed to launch many social networks, their mistake every time was that they tried to move on facebook without a sizeable userbase. Facebook has worked tirelessly to integrate every valuable innovation in social networking very rapidly. They've added hashtags, newsfeeds, video sharing, video chat, etc. No new network has had both a large userbase and a valuable new feature at the same time, and thus no network has been in a position to take on facebook as a general social network. Presumably Facebook will remain king until either it loses its vigilance (which seems very unlikely so long as Zuckerberg is at the helm) or a valuable new social networking feature is developed that Facebook fundamentally can't integrate. For this latter case, there are in turn two possibilities: Facebook can't integrate a feature because it is too technically challenging (which seems unimaginable given the resources facebook devotes to its engineering and acquisitions) or the feature is just incompatible with the rest of facebook's user experience (in which case this new social network won't resemble facebook much at all). Thus I would posit that, while facebook is not guaranteed to always be on top, there will never be a new facebook that replaces it. Facebook is the Tyrannosaurus Rex of friendster-like social networks. The latest Proton can get payload to orbit for a lower price per kg than an expendable Falcon 9. The price difference isn't huge, less than 10%, and it comes at the cost of using UDMH/NTO for its propellant. This propellant combination is both highly explosive and highly toxic. It's an acceptable propellant choice for ICBMs, which the Proton was developed as, but for everything else it's really unacceptable. The price of the Proton also does not include development costs, making every flight in essence subsidized by the Russian government. Once the price of the Falcon 9 drops due to reusability, it will be the cheapest launch vehicle per kg of payload. Way more people want to click on a link that takes them to netflix than to a wikipedia page about the 14th letter in the english alphabet or a random game from 2004. I'm working on something similar to this for prospecting. Unfortunately a major issue is that even minor impurities can radically alter the appearance of minerals. Google corundum if you want a good example. Another issue is that people tend to post pictures online of exceptional samples which are pretty much by definition very different from what one would expect to find in nature. Finally, visual inspection is often not sufficient to determine what mineral something is, even if you know exactly what to look for; other tests such as scratch tests or chemical tests, etc are used to make the final determination. All in all you're probably not going to be able to make a general rock identifier that gives useful results for everything. You may get away with something more limited, but even then you're going to need a better database of images than google for training. I agree though it would be cool to have.