The interesting quote is that Baidu removes privacy violating documents. Yet, they have no problem with IP violations (mainly by linking to stolen ebook PDFs.) Not going to happen. A lack of IP and patent protections along with an educational culture that discourages innovation and "standing out" is a significant barrier to improvements. Plaigarism and outright theivery is commonplace among academics, students and researchers -- there's little incentive for scientific discovery. Also, the basic sciences are also lacking in many areas as well. Scientists know that basic science drives future innovation. Until China has a paradigm shift in IP attitudes, we'll continue to find that they will lag behind in innovation. I can't think of any significant Chinese scientific innovation in the recent past. (Despite patent filings to the contrary.) Much of their "research" is simply reverse engineering of others' work. I may be a little inflamatory with this comment, but I live in Shanghai and see the reality every day. For China to overtake the US in two years would be like suggesting that Google will declare bankruptcy next week. It's theoretically possible, but with a micro-probability. You're right. Completely insensitive. Way out of line. We must all strive to sterilize the discourse to a level that is sensitive to every possible iteration of sensitivity. Mustn't ever joke about anything so sensitive. Perhaps laws ought to be proposed. Al Gore is obviously an expert. His "science" has been correct so many times before. Location-based information is in the iPhone user agreement. If people are concerned about their locations being recorded onto their computers during sync-- that's a good reason to encrypt the backup. This story is more cool than frightening. Cell companies already have location logs for ALL cell users. Encrypt the backup through iTunes and there should not be any concern. Google already tracks every search query and IP matches -- search histories are far more intrusive than a cell tower triangulation with 100-300 meter accuracy.