The article is looking at it all wrong. To solve a problem, start by looking at those that already solved it. Then, see if you can apply that. Mainframes have long had ridiculously high utilization and throughput. Secret is their I/O architecture: computing happens on compute nodes and I/O is managed by I/O processors, both of which are well-integrated. If Intel etc copy this, they'll get much higher utilization and throughput. Smart embedded engineers do the same thing albeit with microcontrollers. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/I/O_channel A hardware engineer told me in discussions on chip subversion that BS like this is common in SOC's, too. He said they're so expensive to develop that vendors often include the functionality of all their chips in one design. Then, they flip a switch on the chip to enable or disable specific functionality. This means they all cost the same to make but they can give you specific features at specific prices. Hard disk makers do it too where you bought a "120GB" drive that uses same eg 1TB platter as the rest but firmware restricts user to 120GB. You can't be sure whats in it unless a company such as Chipworks tears it down piece by piece and wire by wire. Sneaky is the norm in hardware. The firmware on the device is a black box that controls a more complex black box in an undocumented way and where errors can break it. You don't JUST swap the firmware out. Even so, he may have meant it in the context of the onboard software and modifiable hardware (eg switch they flip at factory to permanently set behavior). Sometimes a hardware engineer will call both firmware speaking shorthand. If it was the latter, you're unlikely to change it because they blow a physical fuse (antifuse?) inside the chip. Some IP vendors are also offering encryption, tamper-sensing circuitry, and obfuscation to help chip-makers protect the systems better. They really want that extra few hundred dollars. ;) Yeah, that's what he said. So, that makes two of you saying this is industry standard for cost-cutting and increasing yield. I'd probably do the same if I made chips. We do it in security engineering for high assurance stuff for similar reasons: the more flexible, certified design can be reused in many applications with minimal extra work & (hopefully) max ROI. One thing that bothers me about the article is that it shows a recurring problem: IT not knowing what it knows. The NoSQL movement didn't notice that NonStop Architecture scaled linearly to thousands of cores with strong-consistency, five 9's, and SQL support. In the mid-80's. Instead of making a low-cost knockoff, like cluster movement did for NUMA's, they ditched consistency altogether and launched NoSQL movement. Now, I see man who invented CAP theorem discuss it while referencing all kinds of NoSQL options to show us the tradeoffs. Yet, there's Google services in production and tech such as FoundationDB doing strong consistency with distributed, high throughput and availability. http://www.theregister.co.uk/2012/11/22/foundationdb_fear_of... So, why aren't such techs mentioned in these discussions? I liked his explanation of the partitioning problem. Yet, he and NoSQL advocates seem unaware that numerous companies surmounted much of the problem with good design. We might turn CAP theorem into barely an issue if we can get the industry to put the amount of innovation into non-traditional, strong-consistency architectures as they did into weak-consistency architectures. There is hope: Google went from a famous, NoSQL player to inventing an amazing, strong-consistency RDBMS (F1). Let's hope more follow. https://static.googleusercontent.com/media/research.google.c...