Except the self-fixing process you claim to be characteristic of physical institutional learning only happens when there is a significant number of people in the class that are A) In a position to think confidently and critically about the material B) willing to invest time and effort (often lots of both) in finding the correct conclusion and C) in contact with you about their insights. I have found the confluence of those factors to happen exceedingly rarely in physical classes and significantly less rarely in hybrid physical/online classes. This isn't surprising because lectures place severe limitations on two-way communication that online environments don't. With a traditional class structure (lecture/discussion section) I suspect at least 3/4 of questions go unasked and at least 3/4 of the received answers never get shared beyond the immediate group of individuals doing the asking (in comparison to an online forum, where the answers are googleable or at the very least spread to the entire class). Also, online learning wins in the limiting case where courses have been iterated and feedback / FAQs taken into account. In a brick and mortar institution, "institutional memory" is effectively lost as professors retire or shift interests (if it ever existed in the first place) and their replacements introduce their own slew of idiosyncrasies, poor methodology, and misconceptions. In contrast, an online lecture never suffers this degradation. Sure, new lectures may replace old lectures (presumably at different sites), but both will be available for a time and during that time, students will pick up on inconsistencies. That's not true of brick-and-mortar lectures, where the only source by which a student can verify the material they are presented is the textbook or its alternatives. Combined with the tendency of courses to discourage reading the textbook (it's almost always a less point-efficient use of time to read textbook chapters than to do homework, practice problems, and go to office hours, which provide information better matched to the material that will be tested on), the status quo is a recipe for failure. My experiences confirm that this recipe for failure produces failure (in the pedagogical sense). The third factor that favors online learning with regard to misconceptions are its twin killer features: the pause button and the rewind button. These reduce self-inflicted misconceptions tenfold. So, sp322, I think the opposite of what you stated is true. I would welcome a conflicting opinion, because usually when I go on rants similar to the above three paragraphs all I get are nodding heads. For me, the primary reason I switched to dvorak was to force myself to touch-type. It worked, but I generally agree that there it doesn't make a substantive difference for most day-to-day tasks. That said, I really do prefer typing in dvorak. You can feel the difference in number of off-home key presses -- it shows up in your wrists. The difference isn't subtle. "This is a test sentence" has 1 off-home keypress in dvorak and 13 in qwerty. This effect is pronounced enough that passwords, names with foreign spellings, and other types of entropic text are noticeably more awkward to type in dvorak (versus in qwerty, where all text "feels" roughly the same to type). Again, dvorak may not make much of an objective difference as far as health or WPM are concerned, but the feel is enough to make the inconvenience worth it to me. EDIT: I see the post below me mentions keyboard shortcuts. They were the biggest sticking point for me and they remain the largest compatibility hassle when I have to use a qwerty computer. I would rate the frustration of having to think about shortcuts just slightly below the frustration of having to work with UIs that don't support emacs editing shortcuts, FWIW. Your argument is both irrelevant and incomplete. The parent claimed that a greater level of immigration would likely have dramatic electoral consequences. You implied that the current level of immigration does not have dramatic electoral consequences. These claims are completely orthogonal. Furthermore, the latter implication (which I assume you made on the basis that it is the only way the rest of your post conceivably supports the claim that the parent argument is bullshit) doesn't follow from the fact that the electoral consequences of immigration represent a continuation of an existing trend. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Znby3t3AS5s ♫♫♫ Uncertainty is not so odd as long as we're aware position and momentum are a Fourier transform pair So anything that tightens our precision on the one means certainty about the other value gets undone ♫♫♫ Still, I'm not sure I approve of your suggestion to use this physical property of the universe as a basis for intuition. The reasons why quantum mechanics "works" are far, far more difficult to understand, internalize, and accept than the concepts behind the DFT which only really requires an understanding of first-semester linear algebra. In other words, I expect that the set of people who understand QM at this level but do not understand the DFT is nearly empty. If you actually meant to go the other way (use the properties of the FT/DFT to gain an understanding of QM) then I completely agree with everything you said, of course. Perhaps this was left as an exercise for the reader? It seems to follow quite closely from the same intuition: after you have averaged the points on the imaginary plane you get a point that you can can represent as (r,theta). Theta is the phase portion. It's just the direction of the constructively interfering peak.