Real wizards code in Reality. I think the fundamental question is whether or not people in poverty can afford to buy food to eat. Not 'nice food' but 'food', period. The answer is usually - and increasingly - a very simple 'no.' Here are stats from one food bank org: http://www.trusselltrust.org/stats Or how about being too poor to heat your home? At least 15% of households are in fuel poverty: http://www.opportunitystudies.org/repository/File/fuel%20pov... Aside from the humanitarian questions, which should be self-evident, the reality is that poverty is a criminal waste of potential. At least some of those worrying about food and heat have - had - the potential to be inventors and entrepreneurs. That's not going to be possible while the culture they live in keeps them poor. Better than Gawker style: "The finance industry decided to screw over the nation's university students. You won't believe what happened next!" They didn't need patent law, because they had princes and armies. The also had a culture in which information couldn't travel faster than a man (usually a man...) on a horse, and patentable information could only be understood by a few hundred individuals in each country, at most. One of the points of patent law is to distribute the rewards of invention, so individual inventors - not corporations - benefit from their creativity. Patent protections aren't the only element in this, but they're one element, and a lot of 20th century products would never have appeared otherwise. It's simply not historical to argue otherwise. The 21st century works differently, but with the irony that the FOSS people claim their way is absolutely correct, and no other system is workable. Sharing certainly works if you have a day job that pays your bills. But innovation is not invention. Patents were originally designed for creative inventors , not commercial packaging operations like [insert corporate giant here], or freeware mash-up/YetAnotherFramework projects. In the US at least, the system has become a joke. But just because it's broken doesn't mean that inventors shouldn't be rewarded and protected somehow. Privacy concerns. Speed. Efficiency. Mobile data costs.