The data on importation makes no sense at all. There should have been a HUGE drop in arrivals of slaves at US ports after 1808, when importation was banned. The animation shows no visible drop at all, instead showing a roughly flat rate through the Civil War. Dial-a-Ride was a horrendous failure in Santa Clara County despite the faint critical tone of this article. How it works among a small and/or dense population is another story. My late father was a leading critic of Dial-a-Ride at the time, mustering his considerable organizational analysis skills to show just how unworkable it was even in the most perfect scenario. To wit: imagine an assortment of riders all lying roughly in a long line across the valley with a common destination. Even in that case, the transit time for the first boarder from origin to destination would be at least 10-15 TIMES direct door-to-door time, or at least 3-4 times as long as taking existing bus routes with transfers (if needed). In a small town with a well-bounded small center of commerce and residences, sure, that could work. Here's a postmortem analysis from Stanford: http://link.springer.com/article/10.1007%2FBF00165244 VTA's current farebox recovery rate is below 15% and, to my knowledge, has not ever been better than that. oh, there was a handful of tall buildings (I recall seeing the Community Bank and Bank of America buildings using a telescope from the eastern hills), but there was never sufficient density of population or workforce for transit to be cost-effective. The (lack of) such commonality was key. SCCTA/VTA's infrastructure was always politically oriented, not need-based. Note how Mineta obtained hundreds of millions of Federal funding for light rail along the Mountain View/Sunnyvale corridor (despite mass reductions of workforce in the area at the time from Lockheed and the Blue Cube)... then quit his House seat early and joined Lockheed Martin's executive ranks. But I'm sure that was just coincidence. This reminds me of when I was a staff Consultant at an RDBMS company 25 years ago. A major telecom company was getting crashes in the server because of alleged I/O errors (mostly writes) in the raw i/o version of the server (no filesystem)... just a few times per several hundred thousand (or million) transactions. Subsequent disk and controller diagnostics were always fine. (This was before any fault tolerance was programmed into the server... my code for this problem was the first ever.) Most failures were writes, a few were reads. No obvious pattern (time of day, load, transaction type, lunar phase, sunspots, strength of coffee, etc.) This was on a DEC with Unix System V and DEC disk hardware, so only one vendor to deal with. Anyway, seeing nothing "wrong" with the related code (other than no tolerance for error codes from the raw i/o calls), I theorized that maybe the "errors" were spurious and no actual fault or corruption was resulting, so I wrapped the i/o calls in retry loops (with the number of retry attempts tunable by the user) and logged any "failures" and results of the retry attempts. So, I did a build with my changes, had the customer run from my directory, then wait and watch for the carnage... Turns out that every retry was successful. In fact, all but one of the dozen or two per day was successful on first try, and none needed more than two. No actual flaw in data was ever found. Anyway, it turned out to be some spurious error specific to a specific drive type with that specific controller running that specific firmware... and apparently their filesystems code knew to work around it. Client site personnel were really nice to me, too. "In this query, we get (sic) all the users with the name 'jorge' are queried and then ordered in descending order by age." Am I missing something, or should that say "ASCending" ?