The most of pro-prohibition crowds are either not-so-bright people who grab all their wisdom from TV without any proper experience whatsoever beyond alcohol & cigarettes, or law-enforcement-related people. As in many other cases, I believe following money explains it nicely. Ignoring the former redneck case, the rest has actually good bussiness case for latter. Ie legalize weed US nationwide, and many prisons (let's not forget many are private owned by investors, who want only one thign - maximize their profits by having as many inmates as possible), DEA loses maybe 90% of the success claims they have, and maybe local police can have more time dealing with serious issues. For conservative politicians, its political ammo par exellence, since if they will go hardline on drugs, there are very few risks to their career, and they can always claim all the usual stuff (drugs are destroying families and young people, we care about them etc... ever heard that?). Ask yourself - what can a politician gain vs lose bybeing pro-weed in US? Too lazy to look it up, but if I remember correctly that one of DEA chiefs was also head of some UN panel on drugs, which then enforce rules for all UN member states (read whole world maybe except North Korea). From first glance, it might make sense. But show me one career-oriented competitive guy (and being head of such an agency, you have to be at least that, and have a lot of political games skills), who would undermine his own little kingdom, and make his own subordinates lose job by declaring that some of most popular drugs shouldn't be banned. One real example - weed & hashish have thousand years of history in hindu culture (look up shiva day when almost all india is high), yet they had to ban it after they joined UN. So, we can thank those guys for making policies that worldwide raise crime, help supporting organized crime on massive scale (brutal mexical cartels are a fine example, out of many, ie afghanistan) It's like thinking, that in banking/trading/brokering, it's always the client's best interest that's primary drive. Well yes of course, unless the bussiness is funded mainly by operational fees. WHat do those brokers do? Make you do as many operations as possible, of course, without being too obvious :) (*no references here :)) Or... you can invest your most precious possesion you have, that is the remaining time in this planet, to have a life ;) That doesn't go against achieving full potential mentioned above, just that narrowing your efforts and energy only to what is daily job for most people here... let's say most people have other priorities in life Nobody will reencode anything in photo sites. Just newer content will be supported. As for FB, their internal re-compression of jpegs is annoying as hell. Fine details taken with D750 become blocky almost cell phone quality images. Solution? Upload PNG. nah, not really true for my experiences. For general IT geeky introvertish people, traders are exactly on opposite side of personality spectrum. 99% jobs are worse than hedge fund jobs? again, simply not true "That money and our presence there hasn't worked" - I don't agree. It is valid if you are naive and believe US went around the world twice to spread goodwill and western values to those who despised them anyway, by blasting hundrets of thousands of civilians (and few armed guys along) to pieces. But, if you look at those adventures from economical perspective of those who have huge influence in US politics all the way to white house and can profit nicely from any war effort, there are no big mysteries. Or, just "follow the money" works nicely. - completely agree on that cash spending point. in fact, my personal opinion is that we shouldn't try to reach the stars/other planets until we solve our massive issues here, ie no person should die from hunger, all children should get proper education/health care, minimize polluting/raping our own ecosystem etc. You know, the basics of fabric of any sustainable advanced society that we sometimes claim to be/aspire to be. - multiculturalism has largely not worked, at least not for europe's immigration. the issue is lack of any proper integration, accepting european values etc. People here are well aware, and incidents like these will play nicely in hands of terrorists. Further polarization of society, meaning more jihad recruits, more attacks and so on. It doesn't matter that maybe 98% of muslims here are nice people that don't cause any issues (apart from that integration, but if I were living in muslim country, I wouldn't accept their values neither). US fares much better in this aspect.