Two issues: 1) What motivates you? For some, it's desire. For others, it's fear. Envy is a form of desire. Doing anything with all your soul -- pouring yourself into something -- is your job in life as far as I'm concerned. Pick whatever works for you. Whatever keeps you moving. 2) It also depends on what you envy. I envy people that have made a positive difference in people's lives. Other things seem kind of stupid to me, like money and fame. You can inherit money, or trick somebody out of it, so while it's nice, it's more like the scoreboard on a basketball game. You don't play basketball by looking at the scoreboard. Fame is too much a crap shoot. Plus I'd rather have freedom to invent and innovate than having the world watching my every move. Model. In UML. Use whatever tool works for you. I like Enterprise Architect. Lets me break apart any kind of complex problem, whether it's components, hardware, logical structures, rule systems, etc. Plus it's programmable so I can take some of that design work and translate it into working code quickly. A lot of guys, especially in start-ups, don't get modeling. They think you're trying to plan too much. The trick is to model quickly and at a high conceptual level. That gives you your organizational structure (within 20% or so) to manage complexity. You can still code and adapt quickly. If you over-plan (or model), however, you limit your options and force a lot of decisions up front which might could wait for later. That's counterproductive. Living expenses are the reason I'm not applying. Unless you somehow lose intelligence and execution ability when you get married and have kids, the structure doesn't make sense to me. It seems to be geared towards single, foot-loose folks. As somebody who's put long hours in on multiple technology projects, I don't feel that having a higher overhead translates to being a worse risk. After all, what are we talking about here? The difference between 5 and 10K, or something like that? Being hungry is great. Having your wife call you every day to tell you the house is getting repossessed is counter-productive. I agree that the knowledge and contacts are what you guys should be going for. Running on savings and forgetting about the money is the only strategy I can figure that works for us "high maintenance" entrepreneurs. If I apply, I'll just make sure I have money in savings to run for six months or so first. Ouch. No it's not. But neither am I here to please the universe. I'm just saying that it's not a lot of money. Perhaps it is to you. I can make that money as pocket change in a very short amount of time in my normal consulting business. If YC wants to pay 10 bucks for their team members, more power to them. Not my call. They've got their math to do and I've got mine. Even families have profit/loss statements and break-even points. Their rates have consequences. After all the universe is not here to please them either, right? Come on, guys. These replies are just pot shots. Take the snarkiness somewhere else. I've worked 3-6 month projects where every minute was slinging code. And I regularly put my house and family on the line for my business. I already have a business. I show companies how to run technology teams. I'm just looking to move into startup country because I like that environment more than the suit and tie world. I've led 5-person startup teams, and I've led 40-person rearchitecture groups. I like the startup teams a lot better.