I'm commenting here since I can't edit a Google doc at work. Maybe I misunderstand the question, but if we are talking about content-driven external-facing sites, the development platform is the wrong place to start the conversation. That implies building a CMS from scratch which is a terrible idea--it would take longer, cost more, be less secure, and less flexible, than using a well-established open source CMS. There's no reason to develop a custom web CMS from scratch anymore unless it is the core product of the company (examples: Reddit, Stack Overflow, Facebook, Twitter). Start with their content and then find an open-source CMS that can do what they want between the core functionality and any contributed modules. I'd make a slight correction and say that the point of publication is not so others can reproduce your work, it is so others can confirm your results. Exact reproduction can be problematic in science because if there was a flaw in the original experimental design or method, an exact reproduction could "confirm" that same flawed result. It's better if other scientists can learn enough to understand the result, and design their own experiments to confirm or disprove it. A super simple example is if I drop something and then report a value for gravitational acceleration. But what if I dropped a feather? If you simply reproduce the experiment, you'll get the same (wrong) result. Whereas if you select your object to drop, there's a better chance you'll pick something denser and get a different result. Your conclusion seems to be: why do we need peer review if the results are this bad? But an alternative perspective might be: think of how much worse things would be _without_ peer review. Yes but their hardware always comes preloaded with software and services. Since they don't sell "naked" hardware, there's really no way to parse the value proposition. For what it's worth, Steve Jobs said multiple times at the D conference that in his mind, most of the value comes from the software...the hardware enables it and is the "pretty box". In my daily life there are 10 devices I might use to access email. Instead of spending time to configure IMAP and/or SSH on every device, I just log into Gmail and get shit done the same way in all 10 places.