I'm not sure if they really "blur the line". Speed wise, the new SSDs are coming closer and closer to RAM, but latency wise they're still miles off. There's still a lot to be done before SSDs can truly rival with memory. I compiled a nightly build of LineageOS yesterday. Building it for just my phone requires: -8GB of RAM -70GB of disk space Pulling down the source code from github using my 500mbps connection took about half an hour. The first build took over 90 minutes. Adding a single file and rebuilding took 25 minutes with compiler cache enabled. Presumably the compiler cache will speed up building for multiple devices and device specific builds will probably only take half an hour after the first build, but these numbers will not fit in any free plan. Granted, bitbucket seems to have decent pricing for their Pipelines but the price for building weekly for all devices will probably be too expensive in the long run. That's why they're looking for servers donated by the community. So these people were expecting a private company to spend thousand of dollars on construction costs because their house didn't get hooked up back when the cables were put in the ground for the first time? I don't understand why they ever expected to get a free connection in the first place. Internet isn't considered a public service (yet) and there are no government goals to connect every household. ISPs won't get any subsidy for connecting up these people so it's only logical that they need to pay the construction costs themselves. Governments should make broadband Internet a public service but the companies involved will never cooperate. The only way everyone can get a decent connection is when the government takes over the responsibility for providing Internet access. But that requires money which requires tax increases which will anger the people so that will never happen. This might cause a lot of infections around the world for systems without the other code execution prevention systems... Older versions of Android don't have much protection against Stagefright or other such attacks if ASLR is circumvented. The same can apply to older versions of Windows (7 or earlier) without EMET installed. It took the most popular desktop Linux operating systems (like Ubuntu) a very long time before they even shipped ASLR. I hope further defense in depth will be implemented now that ASLR is proven weakened. There's not even a need for installing a proxy! SSH has native SOCKS proxy support, so all you need to do is set up an SSH connection and set the browser connection to a dynamic SSH port forward. This also prevents leaking DNS requests : with a standard proxy your computer might be trying to look up domains using the company DNS system. With a SOCKS proxy, you can forward all DNS traffic as well!