Learn whichever language is closest to your application. If you want to make a blog, go take a look at some blogging software already out there and learn the language it's written in. (Wordpress -> PHP w/ HTML & CSS just because they're always helpful) Then, once you've got your feet wet, learn another one. I feel like I never understood one language until I could compare it to another. Python and Ruby are great for hammering out functionality and learning. Common Lisp/Scheme are great for widening your perception of how problems can be solved. I don't want to say much about C because I'm not proficient with it, but it definitely gives you a closer feeling to how your computer runs your code even if it obfuscates the problem a little. Learn Haskell/OCaml when you're feeling lucky. They will break your brain and then rebuild it in crazy, inventive new ways. I'm glad to see things like this on Hacker News. Sure it has relatively little to do with the regular topics, but it's the kind of interesting thing that I'd like to find from people who populate here. Digital Signal Processing/Intro to Signal Processing has been one of the most interesting classes I've taken so far. Haskell is fun in that you get to write things using combinators, through abusing laziness, and in a style that feels very mathematical. It makes me program utility function combinators in other languages, which is excellent. It's not so fun the moment you want to use more than one Monad at once, though. This is interesting because it's a good way to look at the domain of language not in its power or application but its audience. Haskell: Because programming isn't enough like math Mozart: Because Prolog is pretty foreign Lisp: Because parens are really underappreciated ; ) I'm no expert, but I'd suggest two things. First, while learning recognize the tricky learning curve and keep poking at complex material as you learn. Macros especially feel dense and frivolous before you see them in action. I'd suggest On Lisp both for being full of excellent examples and free. If you're looking at Scheme, then keep SICP by you at all times. Secondly, more so than in other languages, code to learn. Lisp's parentheses are a turn off to everyone until they reach some critical mass of application and understanding. Learning Lisp reminds me of learning Chinese: the very medium you write with is vastly different from the norm and rather complex, but as you get into it you learn that there is a whole lot of sense to it.