Ok, others have tried a little bit of the math, but this is a difficult form for that. So here is a very intuitive (i.e. hand-wavy) way to think about the type of relationships we are talking about. Suppose you have a (finite) cloud of points in three dimensions. For example, a bunch of GPS measurements. Lets just imagine that they are roughly elliptical, stretched out like a football. For simplicity we'll subtract the mean from this, so our co-ordinates come from the middle of this cloud. I can take this set of (x,y,z) points and and find the eigen (which means "characteristic") vectors and values for this set of points. The first eigenvector will point along the long axis of the "football" (right through the pointy bits) because this is the strongest, in some sense, single direction that is represented. It won't be perfectly aligned with a finite number of points... The second and third eigenvectors will between them form a plane perpendicular to this. So essentially what you've done is found a co-ordinate system that is aligned with the data (modulo some details, this is essentially what a procedure called Principal Component Analysis (PCA) does. Now that's the vectors, what about the values? The eigenvalues tell you the relative importance of each direction. If you stretch the "football" out, the first eigenvalue, which was associated with the first eigenvector pointing along the long axis, will be larger relative to the others. If you use a basketball, they'll all be the same magnitude. Does that help? The idea generalizes a lot from what I've told you, but there are a ton of places you can look up the details if you'd like. > That's NOT healthy at all This statement assumes facts not in evidence. There is a lot of argument about what the best distributions are, without any real resolution at this point. The author reasonable chose to target a standard without claiming it was the only way to go. This is what "no real resolution yet" means: every few years we get a pet theory or two. The reason this so easily devolves into a `religious` argument scenario is because the basic science is still too weak. The author did the right thing to stay well shut of all that in this article. It seems that often articles like this overstate their case to the point that it really detracts from the message. There is a valid point, that a naive analysis of linked list vs. static array based on intro CS course descriptions of their properties isn't a good model for what is going on in a modern system. The real lesson is: if you want to achieve high performance you simply must understand the impact of things like cache localization, vectorization, hardware prefetch, pipelining etc., and how your data structure operation will interact with them. "Never use a linked list" is a silly lesson to take from this though. "In these situations, linked lists might not perform as well as you expect" is more like it. "Use the right data structure for the job" is still as good advice as it ever was. Going into a Ph.D for the money is a bit like going into a sport for the laughs. You might well find some, but it's not the point.