In the code the link points to, I just see another C-like language. What "good ideas" should I be looking at? I am not Oberon expert, but in any other language I'd say this code is pretty bad: - logic errors: We keep going even if error occurs (none of the error checks have return in them). - In two different source files, "System" is imported under two different names. Is this just to confuse the readers? - Hardcoded string length (Mod.s:17). If someone to change the message, you have to be very careful to update the length. - Arbitrary constants (why '2' in Mod.s:23)? I used to program in Pascal long time ago (Turbo Pascal dialect), but the link does not show any of Pascal-specific functionality. Where are types with unusual range (var i: 0..15)? Where are arrays with non-zero based ranges? Where is the neat interface/implementation separation? Is there runtime-based range checking? Because I do not see it, and I bet if I changed this "17" to "117", it will just send extra 100 bytes of un-initialized memory over the socket. This particular code does not have any pascal-y language features. What is the point of the post? If it was to demonstrate that Oberon is good for teaching / real stuff / general purpose programming / something else, then it failed. To me, the points of the post is: "hey, this language is not dead! We can now fork() and do socket ops!". Is this intentional? Do you have quantitative information about that? I was always wondering how big is Fukushima's nuclear incident zone (in km^2) today. How much bigger is it compared to coal waste ponds / landfills, or hydroelectric dam which provides the same amount of power? Looking at Stripe's API docs, it seems their preferred payment technology is javascript popup which asks for CC number directly. If the technology has been 'properly implemented', only Stripe will see the credit card details, but as a consumer, I have no way to tell if the technology has been implemented properly. As a result, I feel it is much safer to avoid typing my credit card number into random websites. Thus, my first reaction to a site which asks for my credit card (directly or via Stripe) is 'OK, are there any alternatives which take a safer payment method' Replace "containers" with "virtual machines" (because really, the containers are secure only until the next kernel exploit, which happens fairly often), and you get Qubes OS: https://www.qubes-os.org/doc/architecture/ It tries to move everything into containers, including hardware drivers, and if you read their architecture paper you will see their design ends up being nontrivial.