The root problem with Bitcoin isn't the program, it's the money supply equation. Deflationary currencies fail exactly because they are too volatile, which is the anti-thesis of designing a currency to be held as an asset. Imagine currency like the oil in an engine. Someone needs to create a coin that rewards mining by giving them futures contracts on the currency and still deflating it. Sales oriented companies derive a majority of their accounting book value from their client list. When a salesman leaves, they can solicit clients and thereby the value of the company can rapidly diminish. Fair is fair, right? What's best for the customer is best for the economy, right? ...well, now imagine an industry where sales oriented companies have essentially no stable book value. They cannot get loans securitized by the value of their book, and therefor cannot invest in growth or innovation. In the end it is a race to the bottom. A reasonable balance exists whereby employees are bound by a 2-3 year non-compete clause that prevents them from stealing clients. Markets are still competitive within 2-3 years, and since everyone has these clauses, employee value is retained. Sales oriented companies derive a majority of their accounting book value from their client list. When a salesman leaves, they can solicit clients and thereby the value of the company can rapidly diminish. Fair is fair, right? What's best for the customer is best for the economy, right? ...well, now imagine an industry where sales oriented companies have essentially no stable book value. They cannot get loans securitized by the value of their book, and therefor cannot invest in growth or innovation. In the end it is a race to the bottom. A reasonable balance exists whereby employees are bound by a 2-3 year non-compete clause that prevents them from stealing clients. Markets are still competitive within 2-3 years, and since everyone has these clauses, employee value is retained. Turnout would certainly be higher, but it's not clear that it would be a "better" representation of the country. The electoral college distribute power, to some degree, based on geography. Geography is correlated with a large number of other "diversities" of American culture, from race, population density, to industry, to global warming risk, etc... Switching it to a straight majority would take power away from all of these subsets of society. This election, it seems, it was "white rust belt" Americans that decided the election. In Gore vs Bush, it was Florida. Next time, it will be something else. It's all highly imperfect and somewhat random, but I see danger in solidifying power in what essentially will be people who live in cities. It's also a question of whether the borders of a state breaking away remain valid. While the cities of LA and SF might support secession, the rural residents occupying the remaining 98% of the actual territory in California would want to stay.