I’m sorry if that takes money out of retailers pockets, but I really do think that the talented people who sweat blood making these games deserve the money more than people who only know how to push people to buy used instead of new. Then the developers should just charge more up front. I only buy used (or deeply discounted) games because $60 is just too much to spend. If they make it where I still have to spend close to $60 even on a new or discounted game I just won't buy anymore games. Wow, so it's been so long since I've had a 'programming' test I had to go look up the FizzBuzz test. A first year compsci student should be able to whip up a solution in minutes. I can't believe that people try for programming jobs and fail FizzBuzz. First read "How To Win Friends and Influence People." If you apply the rules in the book and are at least an average looking guy you should not have any problems finding dates. Add in some gym time and some pop culture into your daily RSS feeds and you're all set. When you find a girl you like, slowly introduce your geek side. She'll think it's cute. Plus, nowadays everyone uses computers in one way or another so any geek tendencies are not going to be that big of a stretch to understand. Really, it's not that hard. "The system must be completed tomorrow." There are so many things wrong in this post I'm not sure where to start. First, 5 reps is fine sometimes. Look up periodization. The body adapts quickly so while 5 sets of 5 might work for a few weeks you eventually need to change it up. Plus your joints, tendons and ligaments get tired always lifting heavy. Cardio has nothing to do with 'toning.' The old saying is 'abs are made in the kitchen not in the gym.' If you want to look tone (horrible term but we'll go with it) you need to have some muscle and then remove the fat from over top of it. The easiest way to remove fat is the cut calories. You can burn calories through exercise, but not nearly as much as people think. Dips and pullups is nothing close to enough for a well rounded workout. If you want to do a workout without a gym Google bodyweight training. If you have access to a gym then look at the books 'Starting Strength' or 'New Rules of Lifting.' Both are good books by excellent authors and give you plenty of workout plans. With either, expect to spend about an hour in the gym 3 times per week.