The purpose of middle management is to organize and communicate information. With that said, insulating upper management from the rank-and-file can be dangerous. Not wanting to hear what the engineers think is one thing. Not wanting to know is quite another. Any faster? My one reason for clinging to Excel is the speed of computations involving thousands of cells, including graphing. "This could explain the disconnect over cubicles. Maybe the people in charge of facilities, not having any concentration to shatter, have no idea that working in a cubicle feels to a hacker like having one's brain in a blender." [1] 1. http://paulgraham.com/gh.html I'm teaching Python to my kids (ages 10 and 13) right now, after finally ditching Visual Basic myself last year. Of course I'm at liberty to improvise my "syllabus." I decided to introduce lists before program flow. I introduced range() as a way to populate a list. And then we started doing things with lists using constructs like [x 2 for x in range(-10, 10)]. At that moment, my daughter asked: "Can we use Python to make a graphing calculator?" With my syllabus in tatters, we installed matplotlib and played with it a bit. I've explained to my kids that in programming, sometimes we have to look up and use things before we fully learn how they work. This approach would probably make no sense for teaching C, where looping comes before lists. But in my idiosyncratic mental map of Python, lists come before looping. I'm not dogmatic about what first language to learn. My only intention right now is to see if my kids will take an interest in it. In a crowded market, the sales pitch has to anticipate and overcome "negatives." Thus, MATLAB has to be marketed as a "real programming language" to overcome the fear that it will prove inadequate for some task in the future -- especially when you had to beg and plead for the money to buy a license. And amateurs (including me) don't always see the difference between the language and the libraries, so the demand for a "real programming language" results in a huge bloated product festooned with every possible bell and whistle. I wouldn't have a problem with a tool that falls short of completeness (Turing- or otherwise) if it's simple and does something useful for me. I love spreadsheets.