For a few years now, I've been working on an autonomous vehicle ( https://github.com/gtagency/buzzmobile ) that some friends and I hack on. We just recently hit what I'd call 1.0 in terms of a huge system refactor to make the entire system much more robust and testable. I started working on this recently: https://github.com/joshuamorton/tut , and might go back to it. After seeing Kenneth Reitz's Pipenv I wanted to do something similar but a bit more extensive that included testing tools and some other stuff. And tut is the WIP result. Think Cargo for python. Heh, we're a student organization, so there's lots of membership turnover, and that forced us to really upgrade our documentation and build tools over the last year to prevent all kinds of weird issues and allow quick onboarding. I made it my mission over the last year or so to build something better than rosunit and rostest, because having to more or less copy launch files for every test seems arduous. I ended up with the test_utils library that we'll probably spin off into its own package soon, but its a much, much nicer interface for writing tests for ros, and at this point seems to be relatively stable, with one or two minor changes I need to make. Glad its helpful! Neither could I, but that was also well beyond the scope of my Google interviews. > That is, I'd conjecture that the good developers who can (or want to) memorize algorithms and regurgitate basic CS knowledge are one kind of capable dev, and the good developers who rely on tools to a greater degree are another kind of dev. Call them types A and B. I really dislike this characterization. I'm a googler. I've never tried to, or needed to, memorize algorithms. I don't know if this characterization comes from misunderstanding, rationalization, or what, but in my experience at least, neither do most of my coworkers. That is, I at least don't recall a rote algorithm when interviewing In fact in one of my interviews (not at google, but I could see a similar question happening there) I had to derive a solution to a problem in a space I was totally unfamiliar with (locking and multithreading). It seems like, if you assume (incorrectly) that somehow you can't cheat the system, Google is selecting for people who can solve unfamiliar, complex, problems by applying first principles. That is, I think, orthogonal to the idea of 'theoretical or practical' computer scientist. Indeed we do. So, I think my biggest issue with your A/B dichotomy is that I don't see it. That is, in school, in myself, in coworkers, there isn't this large group of people who are trying to do all the theory at the expense of practicality, as opposed to this group of stuff-accomplishers who aren't theoreticians. I mean, occasionally those people exist, both the "fuck it I'm going to sit down and type until it works" people and the "I must understand this concept before I write a single line of code" people. But as you say, everybody is a mix of both, and I think most people are nearer the middle than the sides, which makes the possibility of mild bias towards one side or the other a lot less harmful than you maybe expect.