> Eventually, everything became a big mess and was hard to maintain. You need to architect your application using classes and functions just like in any other language with whatever appropriate data abstractions present. > IMO the limitation really is "all the code can be displayed at the same time" You don't have to have all your code inside a single diagram. Any professional LabVIEW programmer has a rule that a single VI (basically function or method) should only require a single modestly sized monitor to view it, aside from a few exceptions. This is akin to text-based languages having a sweet spot of 500-1,000 lines of code per file and keeping a function within a single screen without needing to scroll. Anything above starts to become unwieldy. The size of a LabVIEW diagram isn't a limitation of the medium just like the size of a text-based programming language's file isn't a limitation of the medium. It all boils down to the programmer needing to modularize appropriately. > it is not scalable well for custom pattern, custom architecture, and Async, operation and functional programming paradigm It is in fact useful for these things. For example, LabVIEW is wonderful for asynchronous code, is automatically multi-threaded, and supports the actor model. Dataflow languages are excellent for functional programming, and this area is relatively unexplored. That is exactly right. I don't understand the dichotomy that arises from text-based programmers. I have written and maintained LabVIEW applications that exceed a 1,000 VIs. I would argue that such well-architected applications are actually easier to maintain for all the reasons that people expound functional languages for. The reason is that LabVIEW is a dataflow language, and so all the benefits of immutability apply. Most data in LabVIEW is immutable by default (to the developer/user). So the reasons why people prefer languages like F#, Elixir, Erlang, Clojure, Haskell, etc. overlap with visual languages like LabVIEW. I can adjust one portion of the program without worry of side effects because I'm only concerned with the data flowing in and then out of the function I am editing. Somehow people form the opinion that once you start programming in a visual language that you're suddenly forced, by some unknown force, to start throwing everything into a single diagram without realizing that they separate their text-based programs into 10s, 100s, and even 1000s of files. Poorly modularized and architected code is just that, no matter the paradigm. And yes, there are a lot of bad LabVIEW programs out there written by people new to the language or undisciplined in their craft, but the same holds true for stuff like Python or anything else that has a low barrier to entry. Aren't conditionals and loops easier in visual languages? If you need something to iterate, you just draw a for loop around it. If you need two while loops each doing something concurrently, you just draw two parallel while loops. If you need to conditionally do something, just draw a conditional structure and put code in each condition. One type of control structure I have not seen a good implementation of is pattern matching. But that doesn't mean it can't exist, and it's also something most text-based languages don't do anyway.