Best book hands down for learning JS is called Simply Javascript from Sitepoint written by Kevin Yank and Cameron Adams. Justin.tv is alllll python. Not Ruby. Python baby. lynx, top, "curl -O " on my mac since it doesn't come with wget (who's dumb idea was that?) Thanks everyone for all of your info. Let me explain our situation and it might help some of you guys understand where I am coming from and where I am trying to go, as well as others out there in the same situation. Right now we're developing, as I mentioned above, in Django and use SVN for everything. We have DB's locally. From the get go we knew that there would be two major versions of our website. "Phase1" was fairly simple, the initial creation of the site and initial deploy into production. "Phase2" Was the next giant step, which was essentially (and we learned this as we went) going to be an entire redesign from the ground up. We pretty much touched every file, redesigned over half of our models, etc... So, we created a branch called phase2-development and continued working. This was a pain in the ass because we still had to run and maintain the older "phase1" code locally for bug fixes, etc.. as well as continue our future development of the "Phase2" code. We also ran into problems later on because we were fixing bugs in the trunk "Phase1" and not merging those as we went into our phase2-development branch. So at one point we spent an entire weekend merging code. We just launched our "Phase2" stuff a month or so ago, however, it wasn't all of the functionality we wanted in phase2 so we refer to it as phase1.5. Our head guy (more marketing/business xp. than tech came up with those names, so for all of us you can think of it as s/phase/version/g) So now we're about to dive fullspeed into actually completing phase2, and but we still need to be able to maintain and fix bugs on the production site. What should we do? I would rather not run two copies of the site but since the new development we're going to be doing is going to be even crazier than going from v1 to v1.5 so not sure if that's even possible. Should we just create anther branch and develop on that? I'm not even sure the correct questions to be asking here, maybe you guys can help me from what I've described :) Yeah, Capistrano is language exclusive, you can use it for anything. I have looked into it but never found it that exciting. I guess I need to revisit Capistrano :)