I'm not a lawyer and I may be wrong but can't we use the patent vagueness against itself in a sort of "patent aikido" defense. It's seems like it would be trivially easy to release this source code given the way the patent is described. This source code does pattern matching for audio, sound and music. I looked at the patents in question. They only discuss this method for use with "audio files", "audio samples", "sounds", and "music". However the patent doesn't cover other types of waveforms with changing frequency and amplitude. With that in mind, couldn't you just change the language used to describe what you code does so that in now describes other types of waveforms that are NOT sound, music and audio? It seems to me that patent lawyers can either patent the implementation or they can patent the application of their implementation. Simply changing the application of the implementation you coded in a weekend would mean that the patents cited no longer apply to the code he wants to publish. Also, if these lawyers have never seen the code in question. How are they going to know you released it if it somehow gets released anonymously? David O. Sacks founded Yammer to solve the problem of excessive email between employees of the same company. Actually I did eaxctly what you suggested and contacted them to lower my rates. After escalating my inquiry all the way up to CEO Vikram Pandit, I learned that they do just change the rate to 29.99% for no reason. Here is the email I received today from a Citibank representative after sending an email to Vikram Pandit inquiring what I had done to cause my rates to go up. "Thank you for your recent email to Mr. Pandit. Since your inquiry is related to your Citi(r) Bronze(r) / AAdvantage(r) card ending in XXXX, he has asked that I respond on his behalf. Unfortunately, my recent attempts to contact you by telephone were unsuccessful. I certainly regret any inconvenience or difficulty you may have experienced in your attempts to request a reduced Annual Percentage Rate (APR) through our Customer Service area. Our goal is to serve our customers by providing superior service and products. One of the best ways to achieve this goal is to receive feedback, both positive and negative, from our customers. As the quality of the service we provide our customers is of great importance to us, I have forwarded your comments to management for review. Our records indicate that in October 2009, your account was included in a Change in Terms to the Card Agreement, which proposed to increase your APR from Prime + 9.99%, currently 13.24% to Prime + 26.74%, currently 29.99%. We consider a number of factors when changing terms. In order to continue to provide consumers with access to credit, we need to operate under revised terms, which include an APR change. These changes are being made due to the fact that our cost of doing business continues to be impacted by the challenging market conditions. Based on this total picture, we establish what we believe is an appropriate price for our products. While we realize you are not satisfied with the new terms, we believe the new terms are consistent with the current market conditions. As explained in the notification sent to you, cardholders were provided with the opportunity to opt-out of the Change in Terms, which would have immediately closed your account but allowed you to pay any outstanding balance under the prior terms. Our records do not reflect receipt of your opt-out notification; therefore, the new terms became effective on your January 2010 billing statement." You should also check out this article on Business Insider: http://www.businessinsider.com/citi-customers-reach-out-to-u... Apparently this was done to "force" to close their accounts according to one former Citibank employee who commented on the article. How about Portuguese? Brazil is a country that is up and coming just like Russia, China and India, making it a good market to get involved with as it offers growth prospects and market opportunities. On top of that, it's a great country to visit and vacation in. Besides pricing, be sure to keep in mind some of the technical limitations with Google AppEngine. Here are two serious ones: 1) Last I checked there was still no naked domain support. So if you plan on defaulting to http://mystartup.com/ instead of http://www.mystartup.com/ , you might want to check if this is possible yet. 2) HTTPS support is limited to https://mystartup.appspot.com/ . You CANNOT use https://www.mystartup.com/ last time I check. This is due to a technical limitation in SSL certificates that I'm not sure was considered at the time that Google designed the AppEngine architecture. There are ways around this, but it's messy and inelegant. One of the great benefits of AppEngine is using it as a cache server, because if I remember correctly this is either free or really cheap. I forget the exact details of how we worked this out at my last startup, but it's worth looking into because using Google's global datacenters for caching is much much cheaper than paying for AWS bandwidth and you also get much lower latency times.