Broken Age Dreamfall Chapters (Grab The Longest Journey and [first] Dreamfall on GOG.com) Almost all of Telltale Games' catalog MU* (MUD, MUCK, MUSH, MOO, ...) are text-based worlds that predate the modern MMORPG and many are still running and still interesting to explore. Windows Pro-Tip: KeePass supports Windows' "Secure Desktop" (the same place where Windows UAC prompts launch into) for the reprompt. This really should be the default now, but it's simple to enable and incredibly worth enabling given that malware has been discovered in the wild trying to keylog/grab master passwords for programs like LastPass, 1Password and KeePass. Cross-Platform Pro-Tip: KeePass 2.x runs great as is on the Mono VM with only the obvious Windows-only functionality unavailable. The short answer is pretty much: when you want to. There the obvious places where you have to use objects in boundary spaces between libraries/languages. For example in F# (another OCaml relative) you will use objects to interoperate with the larger .NET world. Beyond that, objects are a tool in your tool belt. There are cases where a particular problem makes the most sense in you own head in an object-oriented abstraction, and the idea of a multi-paradigm language is that that is okay and you shouldn't feel like you have to spend the mental effort to refactor it to some other pattern. This extends out to team development, too. An object-based approach might be easier to document and/or understand by the rest of your team. A team working on the back-end primarily in an OO language like C# might have the easiest time understanding a JS front-end the best if the JS followed more of an object-oriented approach than a functional approach. (JS is definitely multi-paradigm.) The Python philosophy is "Code is more often read than written" and that tends to be a useful gut check for choosing paradigms/abstractions/tools. Will I (and/or my team) be able to read this tomorrow? Ten years from now? Me too. Persona is great and has a very nice login flow, and is the best as a user in terms of what is/is not shared with an IdP... Just need to get more websites to use it. (I've written about setting it up in an ASP.NET website and it is really easy to do and work with.)