I strongly suspect that there are some experiments that can be done similar to the Cavendish experiment which could prove the Quantized Inertia theory, and might even get a share of a Nobel prize. They could be done in a garage, with some cheap electronics, servos, and a raspberry pi or two. The Amp Hour Electronics Podcast - all things electronics Business of Machining - CNC machining as a business Cortex - CGP Grey and Myke Hurley discuss productivity Hello Internet - CGP Grey and Brady Haran The Joe Rogan Experience - Long form interviews, typically 3+ hours Making Sense with Sam Harris - Talk about the meaning of life The Unmade Podcast - Brady Haran and Tim Hinde discuss ideas for podcasts yet unmade FPGAs have the wrong architecture. Routing fabrics are a premature optimization. They need to be a 2d array of 4:4 look up tables. One bit in from each cartesian neighbor, a latch, and one bit out to each of them. It's turing complete. You alternate the latch clocks, thus preventing all timing issues. The delays are predictable. You can route almost trivially. You can route around defects. You can prove that programs will work as designed. See my rants for the last decade about "Bitgrid" if you want to know more. If you have a symmetric grid, you can quickly rotate, flip, and otherwise transform the program. Since all the outputs are independent, you can have computation in a cell that has results flowing into the chip, and back out to the edge at the same time. Delays are simply a matter of counting how many cells a result passes, and thus a good signal to feed to an optimizing algorithm. Just because something "has been done before" doesn't mean it's not useful now, the context has changed. Electric cars were once the default, and then internal combustion took over... and now they are back... but the were definitely "done before". Bulk computation is what we need. The maximum use of all of the transistors in a chip, at the minimum necessary clock speed and voltage to get the job done. Delays don't matter at all if you get a result each clock cycle.