I liked AbiWord. It was very lean and GTK+ friendly. But I always had little gotchas with the formatting and problems with ODF occurring between word processors that didn't occur as often when originating from LibreOffice. It had the clean/snappy interface that LibreOffice should have had, but definitely not the document feature support it needed. These days, I'm not sure why anyone would bother trying to revive AbiWord. Not that I don't have my fair share of software engineering projects that are specific to my interests, but I personally wouldn't go back to using it or LibreOffice. If I really need a full-blown word processor, Google Docs does everything I need, and their Chrome app works for offline use. Most of the time, I can get away with writing stuff in Markdown. Then again, I'm a developer so that appeals to me. Microsoft Word online also works well cross-platform. With either one, you may not get the best multi-format support, but they're both very dependable IMO. I couldn't depend on AbiWord most of the time unless I knew the same doc would be opened in another AbiWord instance. Web-based technology really is, I think, the best way forward in cross-platform development for things like word processing which are not CPU intensive. People can and should use whatever tools they want to get the job done but, if I was to start a new Linux/CP word processor today, I'd be using Node.js with Babel and make it "Web Native". For some things you'll want C++ but, for me, not this. But best of luck to them for sure. It's been hours and nobody has showed up to call this an atrocity? The JS world really is improving. Anyone else remember Widget Workshop? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Widget_Workshop I loved this game as a kid and, while it's not really a programming language of sorts, it's great for getting you to think in a programmer's mindset. Logo bored the crap out of me, but I could make neat things with it. I feel like it was completely forgotten but something like it could have a real educational use today. Can anyone explain why everyone should vote? YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!