Thanks for your kind words. In reality I was somewhat headed in that direction. I started a tech business out of my garage about 12 years ago. Self funded. A manufacturing business. Based out of the US. Tough and capital intensive. After moving out of the garage I grew it to the point of having, under one roof, just about anything you'd need to design and manufacture quite a range of products: EDA tools, lab, prototyping equipment, fully-stocked Haas CNC shop, etc. Then 2008 happened. Long story short, we were not ready for the financial test that the economic downturn brought forth. After twelve long years of hard work the business went under. So, yes, I am basically broke. The problem with launching a robotics business is that it is very capital intensive. And, if it happens to be about humanoid robotics the potential for revenue is fairly limited. Most real humanoid robotics is still in the research domain. I don't know if I am interested in making toys. Maybe I should consider it. Still, making physical products is capital intensive and there's a very long delay between investment and revenue generation. Unless doing something relatively trivial the runway required is orders of magnitude greater than for, say, an Internet startup. My guess is that there is no way to get into humanoid robotics research without a degree. Even if one wanted to explore SBIR funding opportunities you need the legitimacy that degrees provide. I don't know everything. In fact, I am keenly aware of just how much I don't know. However, constant learning is a way of life for an engineer. And that's exactly what I've been doing my whole life. This, for me, seems to be one of those "if you can't beat them, join them" moments. University of Illinois keeps coming up as a good option. Frankly, I am not sure about some of the "easy" programs out there. For example, there's a BS in CS program out of the University of Atlanta that costs $12K for the entire program. A superficial look of at the program gives me the idea that it might just be a waste of money. For reference, UofI cost about four times that much. Nah. Apple should turbocharge education. Education is not free and it certainly isn't open. You pay for it with your taxes; the government decides what goes in the books and curriculum and unions don't let us create a competitive marketplace where bad teachers evaporate from the radar and truly good teachers compete and make two or three times the money they make today while providing a better education. Much like anything that government touches, the system is a mess and our competitors are eating us alive. I'll check them out. Thanks.