Just wanted to let you know, there's a typo on your landing page. "Archieve" should be "Archive". Otherwise, looking good! As a follow-on question from someone who was forcefully converted from Win7 to OSX at a new job; Is the release for OSX going to be productivity-crippling due to bugs (status bar disappears at random, etc.), frequent crashes (usually with powerpoint involvement), and haphazardly changed shortcut keys? Love your Excel-for-Windows work though. No worries, it was mostly tongue-and-cheek anyways. I went from being a maestro at the keyboard to hunting and pecking with the switchover to the OSX version. This is nobody's fault but my own. I'm very curious to try the Windows version though, what are some of the bigger changes? (Aside from the better pivot tables, better sharing, and smart-fill on the product page). "The gender wage gap persists across a wide spectrum of occupations. Female attorneys earn just 80.5 cents for every dollar earned by their male counterparts, and female physicians and surgeons earn 64.4 cents on the dollar. Women in retail sales earn 70.6 cents for every dollar earned by men in retail sales, and female truck drivers earn just 76.4 cents on the dollar. A recent Government Accountability Office (GAO) study requested by Chair Maloney and Representative John Dingell examined the pay gap amongst women and men employed in management occupations, and found that full-time female managers earn 81 cents for every dollar earned by their male manager peers. This figure accounts for many observable differences between male and female managers, so the remaining 19 cent gap between men and women may be attributable to discriminatory practices. The gender pay gap amongst managers remained persistent between 2000 and 2007, the most recent year of available data. The pay gap is not limited to the private sector. Even within the federal government, which ought to be a model employer, a substantial unexplained pay gap persists. In response to a request by Chair Maloney and Representative Dingell, the GAO examined the gender pay gap in the federal government and found that women federal employees earn 89 cents for every dollar earned by their male peers. After accounting for observable differences between men and women (including education, experience, and occupation), that gap narrows to 93 cents on the dollar. The remaining 7 cent pay gap may be attributable to discriminatory practices." From Page 9 of this report performed in 2010 (PDF): http://www.jec.senate.gov/public/?a=Files.Serve&File_id=... Legislature is an iterative process-- The votes: Senate Floor (08/29/2012), Assembly Floor (08/28/2012), Assembly Floor (08/24/2012), Assembly Committee (08/16/2012), Assembly Committee (07/02/2012), Senate Floor (05/21/2012), Senate Committee (04/10/2012) The senate approved a version in May, and sent it to the Assembly. The Assembly added some markup. Only in the last week did the Senate and Assembly vote on the same bill, which is the process needed to send a bill to the governor. (Full history here: http://www.leginfo.ca.gov/cgi-bin/postquery?bill_number=sb_1... )