Google today admitted to the BBC that "hundreds of the world's best engineers" were indeed out of touch: http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/technology/8517613.stm Enron. In the early 80's, Michael Crichton published a discussion and example of a keystroke intervalometer to verify identity. The method was sufficiently accurate that when a full pass phrase was used, loose matching could still distinguish the original typist from others who knew the phrase. The breathless http://www.physorg.com/news67710818.html raves about the "inventors" behind a patent granted 16 years ago for the concept, well after Crichton's idea and working example was published. More recently, http://jdadesign.net/safelock/ was named SMU's 2009 "best implementation", perhaps for also including pressure and hold time. In an early 80s programming article, Michael Crichton published a discussion and example of a keystroke intervalometer to verify identity. (He referenced the idea again in his recent book Prey.) His BASIC implementation was sufficiently accurate that when a full pass phrase was used, loose matching could still distinguish the original typist from others who knew the phrase. The breathless http://www.physorg.com/news67710818.html raves about the "inventors" behind a patent granted 16 years ago for the concept, well after Crichton's idea and working example was published. More recently, http://jdadesign.net/safelock/ was named SMU's 2009 "best implementation", perhaps for also including pressure and hold time. I hate the idea of Flash on an HTML5 appliance, but the article and (as of 10 AM ET) the other posts in this thread miss one obvious way of supporting this with no extra buttons/toggles and no double clicks, click-hold-clicks, or other unusual behaviors. If a user touches a Flash zone, show a cursor, and have the cursor moved by the iPhone's accelerometer. Tap to click. For elements such as the video player example, the cursor (just as on PC) can fade after time, and a tap or shake would re-show it. For most of the scenarios he mentions, using accelerometer to drive a hovered cursor would be a particularly intuitive solution.