How can anyone take the author's word on whether or not to put a full stop at the end of something when he puts a full stop at the end of the bullet points in his list? That's far worse usage than anything he's doing in the title/summary/smart synopsis. https://www.oxforddictionaries.com/words/bullet-points "And resulted into this" is a full sentence now? I guess. It's not really English though. The whole thing is serious bikeshedding in my opinion. I used to work on the algo-trading desk of a big brokerage firm (so writing trading algorithms that execute other people's orders for them), and I have to say almost always if someone sends a market order, it would be safer for them if they sent the same thing as an aggressive IOC ("Immediate or Cancel") limit order. The IOC flag gives similar semantics to a market order (in that no portion of your order is going to stay on the book if it's unfilled), but you are guaranteed to execute no worse than the limit you have set. This is clearly way better in situations where the market has big dislocations. Yes, completely agree. And in fact for my own trading I don't use stops because they introduce downside that isn't there in many other situations. On the quant trading analyses that I have done, adding stops frequently makes performance strictly worse while not helping that much when things get really extremely bad, because of course there is no guarantee of liquidity at your stop level if the market is dropping like a stone. So I've seen things like having a trigger in an order manager that at a certain price will place an aggressive IOC limit order to unwind something. In normal conditions that will behave exactly like an at-market stop loss order, except that in the case of really extreme disruption you won't get filled before your limit. So the hope is in those cases the market will bounce. You don't want to get unwound at any cost on your stop if the market is going to rapidly recover afterwards. It also means there's no information leakage if you're worried about your broker taking advantage of the information in your stop (paranoid, but yes...). As you've said, there's no panacea. Totally agree. It's fair to realise that there are consequences to deviation from standards, but (like many people) I don't consider the fact that IETF makes something a standard to be a binding requirment on me to do something on my boxes. For one thing, the standard was built for an extremely different internet than the one we have today.