Yeah so this is my project. It's very much a work in progress, but occasionally I think it works remarkably well for something I cobbled together alone out of consumer hardware and home-made code :-) I do indeed index the web myself. Not the entire web, just a subset of it. The crawler quickly loses interest in javascript:y websites and only indexes at depth those websites that are simple. It also focuses on websites in English, Swedish and Latin and tries to identify and ignore the rest (best-effort). You'd be surprised how much you can do with modern hardware if you are scrappy. The current index is about 17.7 million URLs. I've gone as far as 50 million and could probably double that if I really wanted to. The difficulty isn't having a small enough index, but rather having a relevant enough index, weeding out the link farms and stuff that just take space. I only index N-grams of up to 4 words, carefully chosen to be useful. The search engine, right now, is backed by a 317 Gb reverse index and a 5.2 Gb dictionary. Some people like a flashy UI, the modern look is important for them. It's ok to have aesthetic preferences, let's not pretend we don't all have them. In the end, it's a niche search engine I've made, the intended audience is the long tail. It just isn't for everyone, and if it was for everyone, it probably would be lesser for it. I wrote it myself from scratch. I have some metadata in mariadb, but the index is bespoke. A design sketch of the index is that it uses one file with sorted URL IDs, one with IDs of N-grams (i.e. words and word-pairs) referring to ranges in the URL file; as well as a dictionary for relating words to word-IDs; that's a GNU Trove hash map I modified to use memory map data instead of direct allocated arrays. So when you search for two words, it translates them into IDs using the special hash map, goes to the words file and finds the least common of the words; starts with that. Then it goes to the words file and looks up the URL range of the first word. Then it goes to the words file and looks up the URL range of the second word. Then it goes through the less common word's range and does a binary search for each of those in the range of the more common word. Then it grabs the first N results, and translates them into URLs (through mariadb); and that's your search result. I'm skipping over a few steps, but that's the very crudest of outlines. Well,... yet. Load average is at 1.2, not that bad. But the services are getting a solid workout.