The "reverse engineering" clause of the DMCA protects reverse engineering, rather than forbidding it. Take a look at 17 USC §1201(f) ( http://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/17/1201#f ). The DMCA only applies in the first place if a "technological measure" "in the ordinary course of its operation" "effectively controls access to a work", which needn't always be the case for reverse engineering. The idea that the DMCA expressly forbids reverse engineering is a misconception. Microsoft eventually changed its position on Kinect and never filed a lawsuit over the reverse engineering. So, we don't have a court decision suggesting that there was anything legally improper in any way about the Kinect reverse engineering. Hackers should be upset about §1201 and speak out against it, but not be gratuitously scared off from doing things! It's funny to see this on the same day as Olia Lialina's article "Turing Complete User" http://contemporary-home-computing.org/turing-complete-user/ which argues that speaking of "users" is a mark of respect for their intelligence and autonomy, and that the computer industry is going astray by failing to speak of them. The original article also conflates vegan and raw diets. I am a vegan who enjoys cooking and often eats highly processed foods; in my present environment (San Francisco), I'm faced with the health challenge of getting far too many calories every day, not too few. In fact, creative food entrepreneurs keep making this challenge worse and worse for me! I would readily accept that almost everything about my life is drastically different from the environment in which my ancestors evolved. Those differences seem to have both positive and negative ethical and health consequences. I work with the people developing the SSL Observatory. So far, the Observatory has never been used to discover intentional malfeasance on the part of a certificate authority (though it's found certs that shouldn't have been issued). The Observatory exists, though, because of many data points showing pressures on and uncertainty about the certificate authority industry: successful compromises of CAs, rumors of governments coercing CAs to misissue, some trusted CAs unclear on the concept of what they were supposed to be doing, and other risks. Google's pinning responds to the same set of concerns. One nice change from just a few years ago is that the system is starting to get a lot of scrutiny. The first sale doctrine is statutory as well as judicial. See 17 USC §109 ( http://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/17/109 ). §109 was part of the 1976 Copyright Act, so first sale has been codified in statute for 36 years. I don't think the Copyright Act suggests that every purchase of a medium containing a copy of a copyrighted work should be treated as a license rather than a sale. Instead, it says (§106) that the copyright holder "has the exclusive rights to do and to authorize" six particular acts in relation to the work, independently of having sold a particular copy (but not, apparently, other acts).