To use English seemed to be easier than to use native language. First you know your native language. Then you need to learn programming. Programming uses symbols which don't make sense - except as concepts in programming. So you just learn that "while" is a loop with condition, and "print" makes letters appear on the screen. "While" doesn't, for example, associate with time, only with condition; "print" doesn't evoke images of a printing machines, newspapers or anything else. No semantic confusion whatsoever; to the contrary, if that would be written in the native language, it would immediately bring associations, which may be unwanted. A few comments to above. Some words are already used in the language, so, knowing how a certain combination of English letters is pronounced, one still gets some associations. "Function" is a rather international word, for example (brought into English from another language?). Next, learning first some programming helps with learning later English itself. For many words first associations remain related to computers; e.g., "performance" (though not widely used in programming languages, but it is used in technical manuals) is first for a processor, not for an actor on the scene. In pure functional programming, so well mentioned in some PG's articles, you have only functions - no numbers. You can make numbers from functions, though. Then, you may have a basis - a set of functions which are sufficient to represent arbitrarily complex algorithm, i.e., Turing complete set; see here - http://dkeenan.com/Lambda/ . Such a set may consist from only one function. So, the whole program is a structure of calling that function. Writing down such a program, we obviously don't need to write the function - it comes by default; we only need to write the structure, which can be represented by ( and ) . In a different way, than what I see here, but still - one bit per parenthesis, very simple processor, lots of memory and lots of steps for simple operations - a Turing tarpit... Just last week I've practiced "I don't understand" again. Now I don't particularly like jeopardizing my position at work, but looks like that question wasn't met well. A manager running the meeting (plans for next year) frowned upon a person who seems to be not understanding what he was talking before. In retrospect, I might missed some explanations - didn't quite get them at the time he gave them, possibly didn't pay enough attention - but that was the reason for my question! The matter was important to "get". Hard to say if the annoyance was justified... but the result is this question may also backfire, even if it shouldn't. Idiots include also that vocal part of population longing for - and getting - Nobel prizes. One ought to realize how different SU was in 20s, 50s, even 70s from Russia today. People in SU thought about themselves and their country very similarly as it is in US now - the most progressive country, and of course, the smartest and overall best people. Little doubt about that. Tokens were much more serious then - in US one says "if you smart, you should be rich", in SU it was "if you're good, you can perhaps show an Order" - and they weren't easy to get. Imagine the life in the South, pictured in "Gone with the wind", without slavery - because almost everybody was in the same conditions - and stimulus responses will be different. Again, what use would be for a pile of cash in SU? Not much - you can't buy proportionally, since the whole economy is targeted to "regular people", and you'd get people looking at you funny pretty soon. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Second_Constitutional_Conventi...